Where's Gov. Chris Christie? And is New Jersey actually going to get that 23-cent gas tax hike that state lawmakers passed on Friday after all? If so, when?
There was a sense of mystery floating around Trenton over the weekend as the governor virtually disappeared from public view following the video revelation of lewd comments made by Donald Trump in 2005.
The revelation by The Washington Post came about an hour after both houses of the state Legislature approved the Christie-backed gas tax hike, which is supposed to replenish the Transportation Trust Fund.
Perhaps the puzzling state of affairs on the legislation and Christie's whereabouts was best summed up by Luke Margolis, a spokesman for Senate President Steve Sweeney, when asked about the fate of the gas tax bill.
"No idea, sorry!" he wrote in an email to Patch.
Some press releases from Christie, who is one of Trump's strongest surrogates as he seeks election to the presidency, were released Friday morning reflecting some support for the gas tax hike.
Read more: Who Voted For New Jersey's 23-Cent Gas Tax Hike?
Since then, however, the Christie administration's communication hasn't gone past a release of daily schedules. Every day, his office has said he will have no public schedule. The state offices were closed on Monday because of Columbus Day.
His spokesman, Brian Murray, only had this to say when asked if there was any word about Christie's next step on the gas tax:
"Not yet."
Christie also was not at the presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis on Sunday, according to Newsmax and CNN.
"The official line is he has important business to tend to New Jersey," CNN reporter Dana Bash replied. "But he always has important business to tend to in New Jersey, and yet he has found an incredible amount of time in his schedule to help his good friend Donald Trump through thick and thin."Breaking News at Newsmax.com
Christie's only appearance came on Saturday, when The Philadelphia Inquirer captured him as he entered Trump Tower, presumably for debate prep with the GOP presidential nominee.
Even then, however, Christie didn't speak to reporters.
Christie arrives at Trump Tower wearing a Mets hoodie, remains silent on Donald Trump video https://t.co/SttDq2NDXm pic.twitter.com/5qHf4S4xub
— Philly.com (@phillydotcom) October 8, 2016
Christie also was expected to appear on at least one Sunday show, presumably to act as a surrogate for Trump. Once the lewd comments were made public, however, the schedule changed.
Christie bails on @jaketapper for 2nd time this cycle. Highly unusual. Even he couldn't Trumpsplain Friday's video? https://t.co/9kxDCfe4tO
— Matt Katz (@mattkatz00) October 9, 2016
Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno, meanwhile, broke with Chrisitie and announced on Twitter on Saturday that she's not voting for Trump.
Others have taken to social media and elsewhere and asked the same question: Where in the world is Chris Christie?
CHRIS CHRISTIE silent on Trump -- HOBOKEN terminal partially reopening -- GARRETT's political payback? https://t.co/jDS3YJkrC1
— Matt Friedman (@MattFriedmanNJ) October 10, 2016
where in the world is Chris Christie? ....Christie maintains silence on Trump video https://t.co/vG2bhbx61t via @AsburyParkPress
— Paul D'Ambrosio (@Paul_DAmbrosio) October 10, 2016
Christie was reported to have helped Trump w/ town hall debate prep. But none of his style came through in St. Louis https://t.co/GTsKHsjk64
— Dustin Racioppi (@dracioppi) October 10, 2016
Patch file photo
The Straight Scoop on the George Foreman Grill
Not everybody can go on in a boxing career for their entire lives. As spoken by the character Marcellus Wallace in "Pulp Fiction", "How many fights you got left in you? One? Two?" Yes, it's only a matter of time before you get owned in this business, and then you have to ride on your previous fame in some other line of work. After all, it's not like taking full force punches to the head for a living for several years prepares you for a career in accounting.
And let's be up front about this: movie roles are for the dogs. Movie roles for ex-boxers and ex-wrestlers are the most pathetic public humiliation that a human being can endure. One need not mention names - these poor suffering souls have had enough ridicule to last a lifetime already - but movie and TV roles tailor-made for boxers and wrestlers are straight-to-video (not decent enough for DVD) bottom-shelf losers, which not even the producers can bring themselves to watch, made solely to fulfill a contract entered into by some schmoozey Hollywood agent. No, that way lies existential defeat.
What you want to do is get into product endorsement. And there's just one reason that the George Foreman Grill is not, instead, called the Hulk Hogan Grill: the Hulkster failed to return the phone call. It's easy to see why. The Hulkomaniac was enjoying an unprecedented surge in his film career success, his Thespian talents - lying dormant those many years of pretending to throw people onto a canvas mat - bursting forth in such cinematic high art as "No Holds Barred", "Suburban Commando", and of course the unforgettable "Mr. Nanny". About the time of the grill deal, the Hoganator was on his way to greater silver screen accomplishment in "Santa With Muscles". Who could blame him for thinking at the time that a kitchen appliance endorsement was beneath him? It was only cold fate that the world failed to recognize him for the true talent that he was that reduced Sir Hogan Hulkalot to later be stuck endorsing the failed Thunder Mixer.
George, on the other hand, was sitting on the couch with nothing to do when the phone rang. Would he endorse their grill? Shoot, yes! He would get jiggy with it. Let that be a lesson to all of you.
And what a deal the grill was, too; a handsome device that anyone could endorse with pride. The George Foreman Grill features a clam-shell design with top and bottom teflon-coated heating surfaces, and a slightly slanted bottom grated surface which allows fat and other coagulants to sluice down and away from the grilling, tasty food items. The floating hinge allows the grill to remain in close contact with both the top and bottom of foods of various thicknesses, making any haunch of meat a candidate for a counter-top barbecuing. In 2006 a Next Generation Health Grill was launched, aimed at the newly health-conscious young peoples' market. Foreman's grill has many uses from the obvious grilling meats, to a panini grill or to cook sandwiches or quesadillas. It has been a mainstay in college dorm rooms, fraternity houses, and harried city apartment dwellings for close to a decade.
Since its introduction in 1995, an amazing 55 million grills have been sold. George Foreman himself has made over $150 million from the sales of the grills, which is more money than he made during his entire boxing career. The grill that knocks out fat has made him a happy retired boxer.
But this cannot be said to be George's greatest success. And his Heavyweight Titles, while nothing to sneeze at, aren't really his greatest accomplishment. No, his single greatest claim to greatness is that he found a way to survive after retirement without having to turn up for a single foot of footage in a humiliating film. There are no horrendous movies starring George Foreman on the steal-it-please shelf at the 99-cent video store. This, alone, would qualify him for an Academy and Golden Globe award, but you can of course understand that a nice guy like Foreman is too modest to pick them up. He was in the right place at the right time and that's all he needed to be.
A Job Advertisement By Vatican
How Vatican's job advertisements would look if the weight of their integrity and honesty were to exceed that of a grain of a mustard seed (i.e. the smallest of all seeds according to Unholy and Evil Bible)? From what one observes while studying the history of the Catholic Church, one would get the impression that their job advertisements looks like the following:
As the result of the great financial success since the crucifixion of that zombie Hebrew the Catholic Church( a for profit and peadophile friendly organisation that operates above the law and receives generous tax exemptions) is now looking for a senior clergyman.
The Ideal applicant must be the champion of the art of hypocrisy and have an established record in peadophilia, homophobia and anti-Semitism.
The applicants would be judged based on the following criteria:
• How good they are at making homophobic remarks and not getting caught with a male prostitute
• Their level of skill at scaring children with peaceful and loving doctrines of eternal damnation and suffering
• Their ability to rape choir boys and not getting caught (experience with deaf ones is highly regarded)
• Condemnation of greedy and god killing Jews while kissing the arse of Islamic fanatics, especially when these Islamic whackos are mad because of a cartoon
This role would especially suit ex-Nazis, maniacs, psychopaths and charlatans. There also would be discounted male prostitutes for the right applicant as the part of the remuneration package.
Advertisements
With the possibility of a snap election looming, the governing Liberals are launching a new $100-million fund to build roads and bridges in small, rural and northern municipalities. The initiative will be formally introduced in next Thursday's provincial budget.
Premier Kathleen Wynne is joined by Finance Minister Charles Sousa in Barrie Friday, where she announced a new $100-million fund to build roads and bridges in small, rural and northern municipalities. ( Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“Across the province, Ontario's infrastructure challenges require tailored solutions,” Premier Kathleen Wynne said Friday at a highway rest stop under construction in Barrie. “This fund would help small, rural and northern communities build the infrastructure they need while creating jobs and building our economic prosperity,” said Wynne. Eligible municipalities could tap into the fund as of Oct. 1 “if it all goes well the next few days,” she said, mindful that her minority government could soon be toppled.
Article Continued Below
The Liberals under then-premier Dalton McGuinty were virtually wiped out in rural Ontario in the October 2011 election that saw them reduced to a minority after two terms of majority government. Since succeeding McGuinty in February, Wynne, who also serves as agriculture minister, has been trying to woo voters in regions now dominated by the Progressive Conservatives and New Democrats. Finance Minister Charles Sousa's budget will be a critical test for her fledgling administration. If the spending plan is defeated in the legislature, Ontarians could face a $92-million election as early as June 6. “We do not believe that an election is necessary. I don't think anyone in the province wants an unnecessary election,” said Wynne.
“I am in this job to govern, to work in the minority parliament and to make it work.” Local Tory MPP Rod Jackson mocked Wynne's “curious” announcement, noting Barrie “may not even qualify for extra funding.”
Article Continued Below
“Today demonstrated that the Liberal party of Toronto doesn't have a solid grasp of rural or northern Ontario,” said Jackson. Tory Leader Tim Hudak has said his party will vote against the budget, but NDP Leader Andrea Horwath has served Wynne with a list of demands. The Liberals plan to appease Horwath by agreeing to her conditions — including improvements to home-care services, lowering auto insurance rates, closing corporate tax loopholes, and boosting youth employment. Still, the New Democratic leader has said she wants to read the fine print in the budget before determining what her party will do. NDP MPP Gilles Bisson (Timmins—James Bay) said Wynne's infrastructure announcement was “good news . . . in the sense that this is at least a step in the right direction.” “But time will tell.” The Association of Municipalities of Ontario welcomed the extra funding. “Permanent and predictable funding for roads and bridges has been a top municipal priority,” AMO president Russ Powers said in a news release. With files From Richard J. Brennan
Read more about:
essential services in limited manner +
Urjit Patel has sacrificed RBI's autonomy: Congress Alleging that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was kept in the dark by the government about its surprise demonetisation move, the Congress on Saturday said the central bank's governor Urjit Patel has sacrificed its autonomy.
Rs 500 and Rs 1000 out of legal tender +
NEW DELHI: Law and IT minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Saturday said the decision to scrap Rs 500/1000 notes was taken by the government on the recommendation of the Reserve Bank of India."It is not demonetisation. It is a wrong expression. Our government has only taken decision upon recommendation of Reserve bank of India who is authority to take decisions that notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 will not be a legal tender. It is not demonetisation in classical economic sense," Prasad said.Government scrapped acceptance of old Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes from November 9 onward but allowed their payment for someListing out steps taken by the NDA government to deal with menace of unaccounted money at an event of PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry , Prasad said Prime Minister Narendra Modi created SIT on black money in the very first Cabinet meeting.The government re-negotiated double taxation treaties with Mauritius and Cyprus, and bankruptcy code was brought in. India also entered into an agreement with the US under FATCA."Then, provision under Income Tax was made to disclose black money and pay penalty, then voluntary disclosure income scheme was brought, then benami transaction rule was brought in. The decision of puttingwas last of these," Prasad said.He said that country's economy has 12-13% cash component out of which Rs 500 and Rs 1000 account for 86%."Now this country is moving towards honesty and transparency let it move in that direction. Now it is our duty to bring India out of corruption taint," Prasad said.The minister further said due to economic reforms government has saved Rs 36,000 crore by digitalising economic activities such as payment of subsidies and MGNREGA wages through direct cash benefit facilities on to the accounts of intended beneficiaries through Aadhaar.
Every once in a while, Southridge High School physics teacher Bradford Hill strays off topic during a lesson.
He tells his students they can check out for a couple of minutes if they want while he tells a story, but instead, all heads turn toward him.
His tangents are interesting. The students don't realize it, but the stories serve an educational purpose. It gives the freshmen a mental break during the long 90-minute class and it helps seal the lesson in their minds because the tangents have a physics connection.
The students, all freshmen, walked away last week knowing that dolphins are speedy because of tiny hairs on their bodies that sense inefficient water movement and form goose bumps that make them more hydrodynamic. Hill worked on a project in college that would allow submarines to use a similar strategy to improve their hydrodynamics.
Hill, 37, loves physics and he especially loves teaching it. His work has made Beaverton a model for other districts in the state.
Hill can't recall any Newtonian moment from his childhood in Minnesota that sparked the physics bug.
"Apparently, I was a curious kid and I was always asking how things work," he said. "I find it compelling to understand the world and to try to make the world a better place. You can harness your efforts better by knowing how things work."
He imparts that knowledge to his students, but in a much different way than he did earlier in his career.
"Before, I was teaching the facts of science instead of teaching the practice of science," he said.
Now, he teaches students to use inductive reasoning to pursue their answers. In other words, the students take data, find patterns (inverse, quadratic or linear), talk with others to support their conclusions and make an informed prediction about what will happen.
But first he gets them thinking.
Why would a speedy eight-year-old today be able to run the 100-yard dash fast enough to win a bronze medal at the Athens Olympics in 1896? He doesn't call on raised hands. Hill carries a stack of cards with names and calls on students who might not be expecting it.
The answer? Better nutrition has made people stronger and faster, tracks are rubberized, not dirt, adding to speed. If the youngster were a U.S. Olympic runner, he would live in a dome that helped his body increase red blood cells to better absorb oxygen. The Greeks didn't have that.
Then, Hill gets them started on a project to determine the speed of a Frisbee thrown from a moving bus. It's a lesson that requires them to hone their data processing skills with Excel as well as ensure they have a grasp on basic algebra. They're going to need the skills to bungee-jump Barbie dolls in a few months.
The freshmen say they like Hill, "He's cool" and respect his knowledge of physics. They also appreciate his willingness to walk the room and make sure they understand the lesson. He follows a teaching routine of I do it, we do it and you do it.
Freshman Bailey Cook said Hill "is very understanding of what we need. I like when teachers come around. Mainly, I'm too shy to ask questions during class."
"We call him Hill Nye the science guy," said freshman Abbi Wilbur. "He's way too smart to be teaching us. He should be teaching college."
Those in college, however, are thankful they had Hill in high school.
"He really encourages students to get right in, doing experiments and recording data and looking for patterns," said Lacey Jacoby, who graduated as valedictorian in 2013. "He encouraged us to find our own conclusions, which is more satisfying. You're making your own discoveries instead of doing labs that have already been done."
Jacoby, who took a two-year International Baccalaureate physics class from Hill, is on the pre-med path at Lewis & Clark College, double majoring in biology and anthropology.
She said she has discovered that the skills she learned in Hill's class have placed her among a select few in her college science classes who have done original research. It has made school a little easier for her and those lessons of learning how to look at data and making your own hypothesis easily transfer to the medical field she said.
During his nine years at Southridge, Hill has won a slew of awards and titles, including the 2014 Paul Zitzewitz Excellence in Pre-College Physic Teaching
Award from the American Association of Physics Teachers. In 2013, he was named Outstanding Classroom Science Teacher by the Oregon Science Teachers Association.
Then, there are the grants and fellowships. From 2012-14, he performed original physics research at Portland State University funded by the M.J. Murdock Charitable Trust. From 2003-08, he was a Knowles Science Teaching Mentor. This school year, he is president of the Oregon Science Teachers Association.
Hill isn't keeping it to himself; in fact, he's a master teacher who teaches other educators in the district.
Hill was the leading force behind the district's science sequence swap two years ago. Freshmen take physics first instead of waiting until their junior year. Previously, most students started with biology as freshmen.
"Bradford was a bright spot," said Susan Holveck, district science specialist for secondary schools. Hill and teaching partner David Holtz had already been teaching a 12-week freshman physics course.
Hill took what he learned during his Knowles Fellowship and further developed the freshman curriculum, expanding it beyond the 12 weeks, working with Beaverton teachers along the way, Holveck said.
"We couldn't do it without him," she said. "His ideas are a blend of all of the best of what's happening out there."
Since then, Beaverton has become a model for other school districts. Forest Grove and Gresham-Barlow have adopted the physics approach. Others have visited the district to get ideas, Holveck said.
As for Hill, he wants to make physics fun.
"One of the biggest goals is for the students to have a positive relationship with science," he said.
Hill is a legend at Southridge, Jacoby said, referring to her former teacher's traditional flannel attire.
Students dress up like him at Halloween, said Southridge Principal Todd Corsetti, describing the look as like a lumberjack. Flannel shirts, short sleeved in the summer, and boots.
Hill laughed and said he wasn't really trying for the lumberjack look, saying simply, "I do like flannel."
-- Wendy Owen
September is off to a busy start for many Java developers, and no busier than right here at JetBrains. Sweeping the chimney and stacking the wood, patching the roofs and packing the goods, we're making our lists and checking them twice. Each month, we collect the best Java recipes, and each month we find new ingredients to use. Food for thought, from our kitchen to yours – compliments of developers like you.
Java
For a language over twenty years old, the Java community has seen a flurry of recent activity and is still growing, with sweeping changes surrounding proposed rollout of Java 9. Thanks to an early emphasis on programming education, millions of young developers are graduating schools with Java language experience, and will continue to fuel the Java ecosystem with talent for many years to come.
The State of the Module System – Premiering in Java 9, the Java Module System sets the stage for a new kind of dependency system, one where modules are the primary unit of organization. True dependency resolution is a notoriously difficult task, but given the scope and timeline of the JSR, certain compromises are expected. Mark Reinhold outlines some of the technical and strategic decisions around the proposed solution.
A Post-Apocalyptic sun.misc.Unsafe World – Another major part of the Jigsaw puzzle is JDK modularization, an ambitious and longstanding goal of Project Jigsaw. One of the casualties of that restructuring process is the removal of sun.misc.Unsafe . Despite stalwart opposition to this change, there are a number of options for those planning to adopt Java 9. Christoph Engelbert at HazelCast describes a number of those alternatives.
JVM
The real magic of Java happens behind the scenes. Some of the most innovative new language features are not found in conventional Java, but thanks to the JVM, new and coming-of-age developers seeking more powerful languages have a variety of excellent choices to express their ideas, and deploy them to billions of potential devices. JVM-based technologies will be around long after we forget what the “J” was ever for.
Kotlin M13 is here – Kotlin M13 brings dozens of new features to a rapidly maturing language. This includes a host of new language features, Java interop adjustments, a new reflection library and compiler tools, and IDE improvements across the board. M13 is one of the largest releases to date, and we're extremely excited to introduce these features and hear your feedback.
JVM Language Summit 2015 – For language enthusiasts, the annual JVM Language Summit has a wealth of valuable information from language implementors to JVM engineers. You can learn about Flexible Types in Kotlin or LINQ-style Queries in Java, understand the history and fate of sun.misc.Unsafe, and preview upcoming changes to the bytecode architecture.
Mobile
Android runs a forked version of the Java language, and represents Java's only significant presence on consumer mobile devices. It is unclear how long that presence will last, and given the nature of the relationship between the two camps, the Java API stands on shifting ground. With Java 8 now live and pending further changes in 9 and 10, Java SE is quickly diverging from its Android counterpart with little sign of a happy reunion.
Supercharging Your Android Testing – Navigating the Android testing landscape can be a challenging prospect, with unit tests, instrumentation tests, functional UI tests, devices, IDEs and emulators. Ellen Shapiro, mobile engineer at Vokal gives a great introduction to Android testing with the new JUnit runner and Espresso, a framework for simulating user interactions and programmatically testing the results.
Offensive and Defensive Android Reverse Engineering – One topic that does not receive enough attention in Android development is reverse engineering. In order to properly secure Android applications, developers must be aware of the risks and methods used by malicious adversaries, and for many developers, that experience will only come from learning their vulnerabilities and collaborating with security professionals.
qark – For security conscious Android developers, qark is a static analysis tool for APKs that detects a wide variety of common vulnerabilities when developing Android applications, from private keys embedded in source code, to improper certificate validation, to unintentional data leaks and more. Built by LinkedIn, qark has tools for decompiling source code and providing automatic diagnoses for these issues.
Frameworks
Last month, we looked at the Spring framework, and how it can help you build enterprise class web applications. This month, we'll take a closer look at Akka, a framework that uses actor-based concurrency to help build distributed applications on the JVM. With the rise of the Reactive Manifesto, actor frameworks are a common pattern today, but as one of the earliest to arrive on the JVM, Akka is also one of the most mature.
Designed for the Scala language, Akka can also be used in pure Java and Kotlin, albeit with a slightly different syntax. The premise is simple enough: in procedural programming the primary means of executing code is by calling a function. In Akka, actors (which are basically just POJOs with a callback) send and receive messages asynchronously. There is no synchronization or shared state, actors encapsulate data and reactions. For a good introduction, this article will help you get started.
If you are familiar with microservices this should start sounding very familiar. For a good example of how to build an HTTP microservice with Akka, have a look at this example. Akka also has a number of components for communicating over a network, persisting data, and clustering nodes over a P2P protocol. More recently, Akka has been working on a reactive streams implementation and improving type safety. For more examples and the latest features in Akka, head over to the Typesafe blog.
Community
With Java's enormous popularity, it is not surprising how much innovation happens in the Java community. It would be impossible to feature all the great content that Java developers create each month, but there is a common thread. Either thanks to Java's conventions or in spite of them, these developers find some incredible ways to bend the rules. Some take it as a challenge. Others, a chore. But their creativity is indisputable.
Common SQL Clauses and Their Equivalents in Java 8 Streams – The use of fluent interfaces for modeling state-machinery seems to be an emerging pattern recently, made further possible with the help of Java's new functional approach. There are a lot of parallels between functional programming and relational databases, and this is evident in the number of LINQ-related tools for Java, like DKO, Jinq, jOOQ and QueryDSL. Lukas Eder, creator of jOOQ and jOOλ, discusses the uncanny similarity between SQL operations and their Java Stream equivalents.
HTML in Java – A little-known compiler flag introduced in Java 8 now allows Java code to read parameter names through runtime reflection. This feature lets developers use the additional metadata for things like writing inline HTML. Benji Weber implements a proof of concept for this idea to generate HTML, and by leveraging Java's type system, gets compile-time HTML validation in the process. How cool is that?
Unrolling loops at runtime with Byte Buddy – When writing an unsafe version of ArrayList, Andrew Brampton had an interesting observation. He noticed that copying objects into off-heap memory from a loop was about two times slower than unrolling the same loop before compilation. In this article, he discusses how to use ByteBuddy, a runtime bytecode generator, and JMH to speed up an unsafe ArrayList and benchmark the results.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Editors' note: Mac is spending a month in her home state of Ohio, reporting on the Wisconsin-style showdown involving Republican Governor John Kasich, public employees, unions, teachers, students, and struggling middle-class families.
Let's just dispense with the most disheartening things I heard yesterday from a career adviser: It's much harder to find a job now than it was when I graduated from Ohio State University 10 years ago. Several years ago, most of the people coming to this Continuing Education Department were alumni who had careers but wanted new ones; now it's mostly people who got laid off. Because the job market is so saturated with applicants, employers can be more demanding and picky. It's important to find a job that you're happy in because you'll spend most of your life doing that, though admittedly everyone, even people who love their jobs, would prefer to not work.
I met Jeff Robek the other day at career-exploration workshop, one of many programs the Columbus Metropolitan Library has been offering since its librarians started getting overwhelmed with requests for job-search assistance in 2008. I made an appointment to talk with Robek, and while I was at it, I got myself job-counseled.
After all, it would be statistically surprising to no one if I got laid off. In that event, Robek would be a good person to talk to, because I'd probably have to move back to Ohio from San Francisco. I'd need the cost of living decrease, since I'd probably stay unemployed for a while: Before the econapocalypse, the general rule was that it took one month of job searching for every $10,000 in annual salary earned. Nobody's crunched a new stat for the new order yet, but Robek says that, anecdotally, what used to take three to six months often now takes six to twelve. He adds, “Or even longer sometimes!”
And um, I was an English major. “Overall, it's harder to find students employment in their field” in the last couple of years, says Stephanie Ford, director of OSU's College of Arts and Sciences Career Services. Not as many employers are participating in job fairs; those that do consistently cancel. The 64,000-student OSU graduates many, many people with the same academic qualifications as me every year. Now that so many people from the skilled workforce are getting laid off or downsized, new grads have to compete with them. “It's a double whammy” for graduating seniors, Ford says. “They're competing with a more talented applicant pool, and there are fewer jobs to compete for.”
OSU students are therefore being advised to step up their game by doing internships, building rock-solid resumes before graduation, and mastering professional communications so they can email and interview like pros right out of the gate. Ford agrees with Robek that it is “more of a challenge” to find jobs now than when I graduated, no matter how crazy your qualifications. I invite anyone who doubts this to browse the resumes of Mother Jones‘ most recent crop of interns, who between the seven of them speak Russian, Farsi, Dari, Arabic, Italian, French, Spanish, and Hebrew and have worked at places like PBS' Frontline (two of them), NPR, NBC, New York Press, the Miami Herald, Washington Monthly, The Nation, Sierra, the ACLU, the FTC, and the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction.
Fairly recently, Robek advised a local alum who was a journalist about my age. He had worked in the field for years, but had lost his job due to cutbacks. He searched and searched for work. Committed to staying a reporter, in the end he moved to DC and took an unpaid internship. “If the field you're working in has no opportunities, it might be time to find something else you're passionate about,” Robek said.
“My…'skills' as a journalist are awfully…specific,” I told him. “It's hard for me to imagine how they might transfer over to a different and lucrative career.”
He nodded and said, “Yeah.”
Alright, fuck it. After reading my editors' special report on the “do more, earn less” economy, I announced that I'm moving to France anyway. I should probably get a complementary career for my impending new life. “I want to be a farmer and make cheese,” I told Robek. (A career-compatibility test names skills I do not have—like mechanical competence—as good fits for this. But I'm totally a match for the corresponding values: Tradition. Practicality. Common sense!)
In the case of a career switch, the first thing Robek counseled me to do is gather a lot of information: What do farmers really do? What's it really like? I'd need to interview some. When I told Robek I'm way ahead of him—I worked on farms for several months in my early 20s—he said I should still get an update on the state of the field, then figure out what to do to break into it. Look on Monster, stalk LinkedIn, try to get in on the ground level. In this employer's market, where bosses know what they want and can demand exactly that, I have to be able to give it to them. Which in this instance—and in many of Robek's clients' instances—will probably involve going back to school, so it's a good thing I bothered getting a master's degree. In writing.
By the time I'm done with all that, perhaps the economy will have turned around. Robek is starting to see signs of progress. In the last six months, some of those people who already have careers but are just looking to switch are feeling secure enough to come back to his office. A year ago, he was lucky to have 80 job postings on the Buckeye Job Board. “Right now, there are 200.”
Speaking of Buckeyes, my temporary landlord/roommate Anthony, was one, too, and he has just been informed that he's lost his job. “Rejected by the Ohio State University!” he said when he opened his laptop after getting home from work tonight. “They just sent me a letter.” He'd applied for a position that he has years of direct experience with, but clearly a lot of other people did, too. He didn't make it to the interview phase at his alma mater.
Plus: For much more on our “work more, earn less” economy, including the jobless recovery, see our current package on The Great Speedup.
At the beginning of this year, I set a goal for myself to go through The Artist's Way by Julia Cameron.
For those who aren't familiar with The Artist's Way, the book is structured as a 12-week program to free your inner creativity, boost your creative output, and get past any blocks in your life that may be holding you back. The process is that you read one chapter a week, work through some questions at the end of each chapter, have a daily writing task called morning pages, and try one new experience a week.
While the book is focused on artists, in today's day and age where most work is knowledge work, the book applies to any type of work or part of your life that requires deep thought and skill.
In essence, the book is a process to be your most creative self in knowledge work and get through blocks.
A block is an unconscious response to internalized negative beliefs that manifests itself through self-limiting beliefs, fear, self-sabotage, envy, guilt, addictions, and other inhibiting forces.
Julia Cameron explains, “Very often a creative block manifests itself as an addiction to fantasy… this is where you spend more time dreaming about art than doing art. Or watching TV shows about cooking rather than cooking.” For writers, this often manifests itself as an addiction to reading.
After nearly 4 months I completed The Artist's Way in April and am thrilled that I did. It took me longer than 12-weeks as I took two weeks for one chapter, and 3 weeks for another, but I can actually say I got through it.
My 5 Biggest Learnings from The Artist's Way
1) Morning page(s)
The biggest practice in the book is the idea of doing morning pages. Every morning, the first thing you are supposed to do is sit down and write 750 words in a stream of consciousness. It doesn't matter what you write just that you get through them. Julia Cameron describes doing morning pages as an active form of meditation and I think it is an apt description.
You don't realize how many things are floating around in your subconscious. By writing down whatever you are thinking about, no matter how trivial, you are able to get your thoughts out of your mind and onto the page. This lets you start the day with a fresh slate. In some sense, you can think of it as a warm up or mental stretch before a day's work of thinking. Like most things, these are easiest to complete when you have no other distractions: No browsers open, nothing on your screen open, phone away, etc.
It is super important to not take a shortcut and just stop at 300 words or wherever. Some of the most meaningful reflections came on the days when I was struggling to get though the page and in the last few hundred I would push through some thought that was holding me back.
I did morning pages throughout, only missed 3 days, and have kept up with them since completing The Artist's Way. It generally takes me about 15 to 25 minutes and I do my morning page in Word where it is essentially one page single-spaced. You can also handwrite them, which is about 3 pages, or use something like 750words.com which has analytics tools built in to nudge you to keep up with doing them.
2) Artist's Date
The second main practice in the book is the Artist's Date. This is where you set aside time once a week, of at least two hours, to go and see or try something new and fun. The idea is to get yourself out of your day-to-day and out of your serious/self-judging zone to give yourself some space where you can just experience, experiment, and play.
This can range from going to a place you have never been, writing poetry, building something, flying a drone, seeing a concert, playing with Legos, going for a bike ride, cooking a new recipe, or some other creative pursuits where you can just have fun and not worry about it being “good.” For my Artist's Dates, I created an NYC Bucket List and would pick one thing a week from it to go and explore. I'll write more about this soon.
3) Reviewing morning pages quarterly
9 weeks in your task for the week is going back through your morning pages and tallying up what you have been writing about. It is fascinating to see what has been occupying your mind.
This was one of my favorite parts. You may think that that thought in your mind is not really a big deal but by doing this task you find out that you wrote about it for 45 of the past 63 days (true story). It was really useful to see what I constantly came back to, what I had fixed, and what I had changed. I now do this quarterly.
4) Getting past blocks
It is interesting to see all the things that subconsciously bother you or hold you back from projects you otherwise would like to do. The book does a good job of finding, defining, and getting past any blocks you may have.
Doing the morning pages and the weekly tasks are the biggest ways these surface. For myself, completing The Artist's Way gave me the confidence to drop a writing client that had been holding me back and focus my time on other projects that would have a bigger impact. This includes a book project which I will begin sharing info on soon.
5) The Artist's Way boosts creative output
The science of creativity shows that in any creative pursuit, whether its science, rap, writing, or what have you, quality of output comes from quantity of output.
The Artist's Way is a process to jumpstart your output of work to open the door to you doing your best work.
I would say going through the process of the book certainly boosts your creative output.
In 2014, I tried The Artist's Way but only made it 5 weeks through. Even with just those five weeks, doing the morning pages I noticed an increase in my creative output. For example, I wrote a short story in an afternoon one day because it was bursting out of me.
This time while doing The Artist's Way I finally responded to a long letter I received 6 years ago from one of my friends continuing some conversations we had on life. I had been hesitating for years to start it because I knew it was going to be an undertaking. Inspired by daily writing I was doing I finally put the time forward to write it and finish it. It turned out to be a mini-memoir, 24 pages long, and is one of the things that I am most proud of having written.
The Artist's Way Overall
I would highly recommend The Artist's Way to anyone who is feeling stuck in their life, career, work, etc. as a good process to get yourself unstuck.
If you want still are curious, you can read hrough my best friend Rahaf Harfoush's week-by-week takeaways for when she did The Artist's Way.
Image copyright Reuters
"It's always difficult to play 11 against 10 away from home," said Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger last month after his team beat Newcastle United 1-0. But managers and pundits often go further, saying "it's harder to play against 10 men". Can this really be true?
The thought is that a team with 10 men retreats back and focuses on defending its goal, making it harder for the team with an extra man to win.
Although Newcastle lost after Aleksandar Mitrovic's 16th-minute dismissal, some teams have famously triumphed with 10 men.
One notable example was Chelsea's dramatic win in the 2012 Champions League semi-final, despite having captain John Terry sent off in the 37th minute of the second leg, playing away against all-conquering Barcelona.
But this is the exception rather than the rule, according to new research carried out by Adam Greenberg, a recent graduate of economics and econometrics at the University of Nottingham, whose study of 1,520 Premier Leagues matches between 2009 and 2013 was first published in Significance magazine.
He found that a team scores significantly fewer goals and gets fewer points after having a player sent off.
"The research shows that the difference in points between a team playing with 11 men and 10 men is maybe as much as half a point on average," he says.
Greenberg's research was the first of its kind to focus on the English Premier League, where three points are awarded for a win and one for a draw. Other studies focusing on international football have also found no basis for the red card cliche.
But Greenberg also found that the effect of having a man sent off differed, depending on whether the team was playing at home or away.
"The home team will actually suffer a lot more from having a player sent off than they would gain if the away team had a player sent off," Greenberg says "It's actually over twice as big an effect."
Home teams won an average of 1.69 points per game across the four seasons Greenberg analysed when a match was 11 versus 11.
When the away team went down to 10 men, home teams won an average of 2.05 points per game - a difference of 0.36 points.
However, when the home team had a player sent off the average number of points they won was 0.83 - a difference of 0.86 points.
Greenberg thinks a home team suffers badly when it has a player sent off because the pressure not to lose in front of its own fans is so great.
The away team, on the other hand, is not expected to win - so when it gains an extra player it is emboldened to attack and try to win the game.
The position of the player a home team has sent off also makes a difference. Having a defender sent off resulted in an average loss of about 1 point, while an attacker resulted in an average loss of about 0.9 points. Most dispensable were midfielders - when they got a red card, the average loss was only 0.6 points.
So next time you hear the cliche that it's harder to play against 10 men, bear in mind that it's not actually true.
Greenberg has now set his sights on two other well-worn phrases: "Two-nil is the most dangerous score line in football," and "You are more vulnerable when you've just scored."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Arsenal also get red cards - against Chelsea last week they got two
More or Less is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 and the World Service
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst Trump is the worst
With reporting by Interfax, ITAR-TASS, AFP, dpa, and Reuters
Armenian President Serzh Sarkisian says his country will join the Customs Union of Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Russia..Sarkisian made the surprise announcement after talks with his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, in Moscow on September 3.He said Armenia was also ready to take part in the establishment of a Eurasian economic union."I confirmed Armenia's intention to join the customs union and the process of the formation of the Eurasian union," he told reporters. "It is a rational decision stemming from the national interests of Armenia. This decision does not constitute a refusal to continue our dialogue with European structures. We intend to continue these reforms in the future."In remarks posted on his website, Sarkisian pointed to Armenia's membership of the Collective Security Treaty Organization, a Russian-led military alliance, as part of the reasoning behind his decision,."When you are part of one system of military security it is impossible and ineffective to isolate yourself from a corresponding economic space," he said.Sarkisian also vowed to continue communicating with "European structures," adding that his government remains committed to institutional reforms sought by those bodies.Sarkisian made no mention of a planned Association Agreement with the European Union.Putin hailed Sarkisian's announcement, saying Yerevan's decision to join the "Eurasian integration process" will boost bilateral and mutually profitable ties between the two countries."We will be doing our utmost to facilitate this process," he said. "I am confident that Yerevan's membership in the structures of Eurasian integration will become a powerful impulse for mutually beneficial economic cooperation."Yerevan's membership of the customs union must still be approved by the other union members, Belarus and Kazakhstan.Armenia is heavily economically dependent upon Russia, which is home to a million-strong Armenian diaspora. Moscow is Yerevan's largest trading partner and Russia is the biggest foreign investor in Armenia.Armenian opposition deputy Aleksandr Arzumanian, who is also a former foreign minister, called Sarkisian's announcement a "totally unacceptable development."He told RFE/RL that any cooperation with the Eurasian Customs Union must be consistent with Armenia's path toward European integration.Armenia had been poised to initiate an association and free-trade agreement with the EU at a November summit in Vilnius.But EU officials have repeatedly made it clear that the agreement is "not compatible" with possible Armenian membership of the Russian-led trade bloc.Meanwhile, the prospect of such a deal has triggered growing Russian pressure on Yerevan over the past year.Reacting to Sarkisian's announcement, EU Enlargement Commissioner Stefan Fuele's spokesman Peter Stano told RFE/RL that he was "currently consulting our Armenian partners on the latest developments" and that the "potential implications" would be examined when "all the necessary details" were to hand.Russia, Belarus, and Kazakhstan founded the customs union in 2010 as a counterweight to the EU's economic sphere.Its three member states launched the so-called Common Economic Space last year.They said the goal is to set up a Eurasian economic union modeled after the EU by 2015.Moscow has been pushing several former Soviet republics to join the process.
New York, NY JP Morgan Chase has admitted in a report aired by NBC News, that they have "overcharged several thousand military families for their JP Morgan Chase has admitted in a report aired by, that they have "overcharged several thousand military families for their mortgages, including families of troops fighting in Afghanistan." Furthermore, the bank actually foreclosed, improperly, on the homes of several military families.
A law passed in 2003 makes it illegal for members of the active military to be charged interest rates on mortgages that are higher than 6 percent. It was designed to "ensure that service members protecting our country do not suffer the added burden of worrying about the loss of a home," the Department of Housing and Urban Development's website states.One homeowner, Marine Captain Jonathan Rowles and his wife, sued the bank after being overcharged on their mortgage for several years. Rowles was overcharged by 3 or 4 percentage points on his mortgage, which caused his family to wrongly accumulate thousands of dollars in late fees.Rowles toldthat he would receive several phone calls a day from the bank's debt collectors, sometimes in the small hours of the morning and while he was on active duty. "It's been a nightmare. It's been my living nightmare," Julia Rowles told NBC. "Saturday, Sundays, middle of the night. It did not matter if it was a holiday."A spokesperson for JP Morgan Chase told NBC News that "we feel particularly badly about the mistakes we made" referring to 4000 mortgages for troops and foreclosures on 14 military families. The bank is reportedly going to issue refunds totaling more than $2 million. And most of the families who had been foreclosed either will be or have been restored to their homes.
One of the rookies I am quickly falling in love with is the newest Saints receiver, Michael Thomas. Drafted out of Ohio State, he seems to be in the perfect spot to take full advantage of his abilities. With prototypical size and impressive hands, Thomas looks like he could be a major contributor. With one of the best quarterback sin the league throwing him passes, he should be getting better passes then he was from Cardale Jones and J.T. Barrett at Ohio State.
Route Running
This is one spot where I was left wanting a bit with Thomas, as he didn't posses the elite skills to get open against top corners. He was not terrible, just not excellent in this regard. It did not hinder him in college, as he could out muscle corners and use his bigger frame to get where he needed to go. However when he gets to the NFL he will have trouble when he finds out that the corners are bigger and stronger. Thomas impressed with his hands at the line of scrimmage while beating the press. His cuts will need to get sharper but his physicality at the line of scrimmage and when making his cuts served him well in college and should help ease the transition. A lot of rookies have trouble with route running and Thomas will be no different.
Size and Mesurables
Thomas stands six foot three and weighs about 210 pounds, already big enough for the NFL. His size was one of his greatest strengths at OSU and he should continue to man handle smaller corners. His combine scores are another place where Thomas doesn't blow away the competition. He ran a 4.57 during his 40-yard dash and won't be blowing by corners. This however is okay as you'll find out in the next section.
Catching
What an amazing catch by Michael Thomas, and this is only one clip of multiple highlight reel catches. He has some of the best hands in college football, and catches almost every ball thrown his way. This is probably Thomas' greatest asset and means even when he doesn't burn by the DB he can still make contested catches and pick up yards. His jumping ability and his ability to high point the ball while it is in the air helps him destroy DBs on highly thrown balls. This should also help turn him into a dangerous red zone threat.
NFL Outlook
Thomas should be drafted in the first round of all rookie drafts, somewhere in between the fifth pick and the eighth pick. His strong hands and tall frame make him a big target to throw to and Drew Brees has a history with big wideouts, making Marques Colton and Jimmy Graham into top tier NFL pass catchers. Thomas will usually be facing number two corners or the nickel corners as teams try to lock on Brandin Cooks and occasionally Willie Snead. Some of the concerns with Thomas are his lack of top end speed and elite athleticism. However with his big body and excellent ball skills Thomas should put all doubters to shame within a few seasons.
Advertisements
One of San Diego best and biggest cultural attractions is about to get a whole lot beerier. Eater has word that Lee Chase, Jenniffer Chase, Jeff Motch and Clea Hantman, the owners of Blind Lady Ale House and Tiger!Tiger! have successfully won a bid to take over the Sculpture Garden Court Cafe adjacent to the San Diego Museum of Art and will open their third eatery in the space this summer.
The four proprietors, whose existing spots have won numerous bar and restaurant awards, reportedly beat out other popular local businesses for dibs on the outdoor space, situated in the heart of Balboa Park in the May S. Marcy Sculpture Garden, which houses the impressive work of 20th century artists including Louise Nevelson, Claire Falkenstein and Henry Moore. Their plans for the cafe include a re-design of the bar , plus new tables and seating.
Though the name of their third spot is yet-undecided, the owners told Eater that you can expect the well-curated beer selection and seasonally-driven menu they've become know for, plus a small craft cocktail program and wine list. The cafe will serve lunch, offer picnic boxes for eating in the park, and do a weekend brunch inspired by Tiger!Tiger!'s Sunday brunch; Tiger!Tiger!'s talented chef, Sharon Wilson, will help oversee the menu.
· Blind Lady Ale House [Official Site]
· All Beer Coverage on Eater [~ESD~]
With Congress reconvening after the August recess, the investigations into Russia's election interference will soon pick up the pace as members of the Trump campaign prepare for closed-door interviews before both intelligence committees. Even congressional officials suspect that leaks and news about the investigations will intensify.
It will be a busy fall on the Hill, CNN reported, with three congressional committees vying for information and witnesses. Despite their determination to uncover what happened during the 2016 elections, there has been little synergy and communication between three relevant committees. The committees have become annoyed when their counterparts have scheduled interviews that they themselves were trying to arrange, Politico reported.
Advertisement:
"They're doing their thing and we're doing our thing," a Senate aide told the site.
The special counsel's probe into the matter, headed by Robert Mueller, has only added to Congress' complications. After Paul Manafort met privately with the Senate intelligence committee in July, Mueller struggled to see the transcript because Manafort's attorneys said that he was not authorized to obtain them. According to CNN, Mueller's team pulled a roundabout by telling a committee staffer that they were allowed to see the transcript, which later enraged Manafort's attorneys and resulted in a standoff between the special counsel and the committee that has temporarily frozen any transfer of information and documents.
Mueller's team, for their part, has not exactly been forthcoming with information it has obtained, CNN reported. While Mueller has allowed congressional investigators to look at memos, he has forbidden them from taking notes or getting copies.
The three congressional committees have their own documents they have to pour through. The Trump campaign has produced over 20,000 pages of documents about Russia, CNN reported, which the committees have read over the August recess. One area of interest, according to CNN, involves Trump attorney Michael Cohen and Trump business partner Felix Sater.
"It's A-level interest," one House source told CNN, referring to the Trump Tower project in Moscow.
Why didn't we listen? The fourth season of The Rockford Files, arguably the greatest television show of all time, features a "futuristic" storyline about a terrible threat. What if a private corporation used computers to gather personal information on hundreds of millions of Americans? Could we trust them with that data?
I know, it's hard to imagine such a thing ever happening — a private company, collecting private and personal data on ordinary Americans and other people around the world. It sounds far-fetched, right? But Jim Rockford, the toughest and most incorruptible P.I. ever to live in a trailer with his dad, teams up with a younger detective to investigate the suspicious death of an old friend, a private detective named Tooley, in the episode "The House on Willis Avenue." (This episode is written by the show's co-creator, Stephen J. Cannell, who also gave us The Greatest American Hero.)
Advertisement
And what Rockford finds in his investigation is baffling — a mysterious set of real estate developments, with lots of suspiciously huge air-conditioning units attached. What's going on? Turns out that a corporate scumbag, amusingly played by Jackie Cooper, is creating a secret computer system to spy on ordinary Americans and sell the info — or ruin your reputation — for profit. It should be illegal for corporations to spy on ordinary Americans, Rockford protests. You can see the highlights above.
It all leads up to this solemn cue card at the very end of the episode:
Advertisement
The Rockford Files really wants you to know that corporations should not use computers to collect your personal information. Those final words, "Our liberty may well be the price we pay," seem especially prophetic nowadays.
The other amazing part of the episode is all the parts where Rockford and his temporary sidekick pretend to be computer experts, and spout ridiculously made-up computer jargon, to try and fool people in the facilities they're sneaking into. Here are the two best examples of that:
Donald Trump and Janet Yellen will have a delicate balance to strike — the president-elect trying to promote growth and the Federal Reserve chair looking to make sure it is managed properly.
There's bound to be conflict.
Already Trump, on the campaign trail a couple months before the election, accused Yellen of manipulating monetary policy to favor President Barack Obama and pave the way for Hillary Clinton, who nonetheless lost the election. For her part, Yellen has refused to be drawn into a public battle, rebuffing any and all efforts to get her to criticize Trump.
Where they go from here, now that the Yellen Fed has approved a rate hike in the central bank's first post-election meeting, will be something investors must watch closely.
"I'm sure that the president-elect would like to have his pro-growth agenda not be killed in the cradle by the Federal Reserve," said Ed Keon, portfolio manager and managing director at investment research firm QMA. "He's fortunate to have a chair at the Federal Reserve who shares a similar set of ideas about how the U.S. economy should perform to reach a greater percentage of people in the next couple of years."
At the root of Trump's fiscal plan is a rollback in tax rates and increased domestic infrastructure spending in the neighborhood of $1 trillion. Many evaluations of the plan figure that will tag on another $5 trillion or so to the $19.9 trillion national debt.
Whether that gaudy figure is manageable is fully dependent on the cost of debt service. In other words, low rates are going to be pivotal to make aggressive fiscal policy work.
Yellen has been unflinchingly dovish when it comes to her view on rates, though the Fed appears to be on the path back to policy that at least strives for normalization if not actual tightening.
Share Pinterest
Email
NASCAR driver Jennifer Jo Cobb has asked the Rowan (N.C.) County district attorney not to pursue criminal charges against fellow Camping World Truck Series driver Mike Harmon and former business partner David Novak. Cobb knows she won't necessarily have any influence on what happens but nevertheless hopes the prosecutor will drop the charges.
Thieves took vehicles and equipment from her shop twice in the past 11 months. Police charged Harmon and Novak, and the dispute has grown to involve jurisdictions in North Carolina and Kansas. Cobb sued Novak in civil court Kansas, where her race team was formed. His suit against her in state court in North Carolina was recently dismissed for lack of subject-matter jurisdiction. Cobb has won a judgment against him in Kansas, leading to a Nov. 20 hearing over damages. Novak and Harmon were to have their criminal case heard next week in North Carolina, a hearing Cobb now hopes will be dismissed.
“After much discussion with my legal counsel, I have decided that, upon the conclusion of the civil matters, I would like to be finished with any further connections to these parties and events,” Cobb said in a statement released on Thursday. “To endure an ongoing criminal case would simply be counterproductive to my moving on and the 2014 race season.”
According to court documents, Novak and Cobb were in a business and romantic relationship until they separated in 2012. Since then, they've argued in various courts over ownership of the race team's equipment and how $237,618 of team funds were spent. The dispute became public in May, when Cobb reported her hauler stolen from her shop in Rowan County, N.C.
Novak contends he spent $1 million-plus on Cobb's racing during their time as a couple. In February, a judge denied Novak's request to keep the equipment and funds until the ownership conflict was resolved. Harmon worked for Novak to manage the race team, and both were implicated in the December and May thefts from Cobb's shop. In turn, Novak accused her of stealing property that belonged to the team in January.
Police arrested Harmon after finding five race trucks and two Nationwide Series cars in garages on his property. He was charged with larceny, breaking and entering and obstruction of justice. Novak was charged with larceny, breaking and entering, conspiring to commit larceny and obstruction of justice.
The Hunt
Meg never ceases to amaze me.
I continually get asked the question: ‘Can habituate captive lions hunt on their own?' I've always known the answer; however, on this particular winter's day I could never in my wildest dreams imagine what was going to unfold and be captured on camera from a lion's perspective, probably for the first time ever.
My relationship with Meg the lioness spans eleven years. We have done tons of stuff together including swimming in rivers, something that lions don't willingly partake in normally. We have an unimaginable bond, which allows us to do things most earthly beings would think impossible. Meg enjoys long walks with her sister Amy in the vast wilderness where my sanctuary is situated.
I've always wondered what it would be like to see a lion kill from a lion's perspective, so I decided to start strapping a modified GoPro chest mount onto Meg's back every time we went on our walks just in case something happened.
Just getting a lion to keep a camera and harness on is an achievement on its. Most try to pull it off and then chew it up, but not Meg. She's the perfect camera platform.
On this particular day, Meg had a different demeanor about her. When we started the walk she was continually sniffing the air picking up the scent of some antelope on the horizon. Thinking nothing of it at first, I followed Meg as she stealthily made her way through the long wheat colored grass, which blended perfectly with her tawny coat. I could not keep up as she picked up the pace.
Eventually after some time and from some distance away now, I saw Meg burst from cover and give chase. Then chaos and then stillness apart from the odd groan of an animal clearly in distress. Then quiet. I rushed over with my heart racing and in my throat, eventually finding Meg in the long grass with her jaws wrapped firmly around the wind pipe of a sub-adult water buck, suffocating it like she had been doing this exact thing for the past eleven years.
She had made a kill and I couldn't wait to review the footage from her perspective. I checked the camera and it was still rolling. What a moment and privilege to have been part of such an experience.
You can watch the video of the hunt here.
Disclaimer: We do not advise interacting with wild animals. Kevin Richardson is a trained professional.
Rahul Dravid and Ajit Agarkar offer their thoughts on India's squad for the West Indies tour and the chances of Rishabh Pant and Kuldeep Yadav being slotted in the playing XI (4:12)
Wicketkeeper-batsman Rishabh Pant and left-arm wristspinner Kuldeep Yadav have been picked for India's limited-overs tour of West Indies, which comprises five ODIs and a T20 international soon after the Champions Trophy ends in England. Opener Rohit Sharma and fast bowler Jasprit Bumrah are the only members from the Champions Trophy squad who won't be making the trip to the Caribbean.
It is understood that Anil Kumble will remain India's coach for the West Indies tour. Kumble's one-year contract ends with the Champions Trophy but he has accepted the BCCI's offer to stay on until the board decides on the next coach. Kumble is one of the candidates in contention, after the BCCI invited applications for the job amid reports that Virat Kohli and some senior players were unhappy with Kumble's methods.
When India announced the squad for the Champions Trophy, the selectors had said they had discussed both Pant and Kuldeep, but went with experience for the big tournament. The two were part of the five players kept on standby should there be need for an injury replacement. The chairman of selectors, MSK Prasad, had called them players for the future.
Pant has had the cricket community excited with his aggressive batting, which included a 326-ball 308 in the Ranji Trophy last season. Kuldeep made his Test debut in the same season, and took crucial wickets on day one of the Dharamsala Test and helped India win the series against Australia.
The BCCI did not state why Rohit and Bumrah had been left out of the squad. Rohit had only returned to the India squad for the Champions Trophy, after missing the majority of the 2016-17 home season because of injury. ESPNcricinfo learned there are plans to introduce Bumrah to Test cricket on the tour of Sri Lanka in July-August and so wanted to rest him for a bit.
Squad Virat Kohli (capt), Shikhar Dhawan, Rishabh Pant, Ajinkya Rahane, MS Dhoni (wk), Yuvraj Singh, Kedar Jadhav, Hardik Pandya, R Ashwin, R Jadeja, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Kuldeep Yadav and Dinesh Karthik
GRAND RAPIDS, MI – In a moment, the home that a 77-year-old woman lived in for 53 years – where she raised a family, outlived her husband and then lived alone with her cluttered possessions -- became a house of horror. The Southeast Side home became the scene of a brutal beating and sexual assault on Sept. 19. The woman said she has not been able to return home since. “I felt like everything had been ripped away from me,” the woman now says. “I felt like a homeless person.” In Kent County Circuit Court on Thursday, May 22, the now 78-year-old woman described the night of the attack. She fell asleep on the couch of her home in the 1100 block of Worden Street SE and then awoke to a man savagely beating her. “I felt like I was on the wrong side of a street brawl,” the woman told a jury. “I felt like I was being used as a punching bag.” The woman said she tried to get her assailant to at least speak to her, but he remained silent. The beating did not end until she lapsed into unconsciousness. The woman awoke to find her underpants were gone and she was in pain from the beating to her face and neck area, but she also was in pain in her private areas. It was then determined by police and medical personnel that she had been raped. This week, a jury is hearing from Kent County Assistant Kent County Prosecutor Kevin Bramble who says 31-year-old Shane Swindall Chambers is the person who broke into the home and attacked and raped the woman.
Related:
Chambers faces a sentence of at least 25 years to life in prison if convicted of first-degree criminal sexual assault, first degree home invasion and assault with intent to do great bodily harm. Chambers is charged as a fourth-felony offender. Bramble says Chambers was found with the victim's credit cards, which he allegedly used to buy crack cocaine from a variety of Grand Rapids crack houses. At one of those crack houses, the victim's purse was discovered. This is not the first time Chambers has sexually assaulted an older woman, according to Bramble. He was convicted in 2004 of the rape of a 63-year-old woman on the east side of the state. That woman is expected to testify in the trial, which is expected to last into next week. Defense attorney Valarie Foster says the decade-old conviction of her client is the only reason he is charged now. She said there is no physical evidence tying him to the alleged crimes. Foster says there is doubt that the woman was even raped because of other health issues which could explain the pain and alleged trauma to her private areas. Foster said other people were also in possession of the stolen items and that there was a lack of fingerprints and DNA evidence. “He likes to rape old ladies so it has to be him,” Foster said summarizing the prosecution case. “I find that offensive. Please don't convict (Chambers) based on the evidence of the old crime.” In her testimony on Thursday, the victim said she could not identify her attacker because it was dark. She wept as she looked at photos of herself taken after she awoke from her attack, showing her bloodied and bruised face. They were presented to her by Bramble. “It was horrible,” she said. “I was brutalized. There is no other way to put it.” She said her left eye socket was damaged and her nose was broken in three places. She had lacerations on her head requiring staples. But as devastating as the physical assault, the woman mourned the loss of her home. Police described the house as being a "disaster," piled several feet high with refuse. The victim said she now resides in an assisted living facility and has never returned to the Worden Street house. “My children did not want me to go back there,” she said. “I felt like I had no home to go back to.” Testimony continues Friday before Judge George Buth.
E-mail Barton Deiters: bdeiters@mlive.com and follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/GRPBarton or Facebook at facebook.com/bartondeiters.5
A bill introduced in the Senate, in the US state of Louisiana will block gay, and unmarried couples from being able to become parents by using surrogates, by requiring that all parents using such a process, are married.
Senate Bill 162, which is sponsored by Democrat Gary Smith, intends to set up provisions blocking gay and unmarried couples from becoming parent using a surrogate, is to head to a conference committee, where it will come under further scrutiny by six lawmakers.
Supporters of the bill have argued that the state lacks laws giving clear guidelines on the governing of such births, and have asserted that current gaps in guidelines could lead to legal problems for surrogate mothers, their spouses, and the intended parents of a child.
The bill includes a clause, which specifies that the “intended parents” of a child must be married, under laws recognised by the state. The Louisiana Constitution specifies that marriage “shall consist only of the union of one man and one woman.”
Smith said on Monday that he is against the amendment added in the House by Republican Representative Frank Hoffman, which would cause the bill to become void in the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), is overturned by the Supreme Court in a decision expected by the end of June.
He went on to say that even after the conference committee “rewords”, the bill, that he intended it to “still keep [marriage] defined as what Louisiana believes,” he said, referring to the state Constitution which specifies marriage as between “one man and one woman”.
The bill has already proven to be divisive, and is opposed by both conservative religious, and more left-leaning groups, meaning it is backed by a mix of proponents, however it has been widely supported so far.
The National Organisation for Women has said the bill discriminates against same-sex and unmarried couples, however on the other end of the spectrum, the conservative Louisiana Family Forum, is against surrogacy full stop.
The bill was passed in the House last week with overwhelming support, however it will be reworded by the committee, before returning to both chambers for final debate.
Prosecutors have decided not to lay charges against an off-duty Montreal police officer who had been accused of road rage, CBC News has learned.
Jeffery Pokora, the man who says he was the victim in the case, received a letter last week from police informing him that Crown prosecutors had reviewed the file and decided not to lay charges against the officer.
Pokora said he was "dumbfounded" when he got the news, saying that "the evidence is there, on video, in black and white — vehicular assault."
Jean-Pascal Boucher, a spokesperson for Quebec's Director of Criminal and Penal Prosecutions, said the decision not to lay charges against the police officer was made after "after a complete analysis by our proscutors of all the evidence.
"I can't talk about the evidence," he said.
Pokora is still facing charges of his own for harassment and intimidation.
​Part of the incident last January was captured on surveillance video and Pokora shared his story with CBC last fall. None of the allegations have been proven in court.
Video shows SUV backing into car
A Montreal man describes an alleged road rage incident involving a driver he didn't know was an off-duty cop. 1:20
Pokora told CBC he was driving in Lasalle on a snowy night in January 2015 when an SUV rolled through a stop sign and passed him on the left.
Pokora was worried the driver might be drunk, so he followed the vehicle to a house and had words with the driver.
He didn't realize at the time the man was an off-duty police officer. Pokora eventually pulled up his car to block the SUV in the driveway.
Surveillance video obtained by CBC then shows the SUV backing up and smashing Pokora's car twice. Pokora fled the scene and he says the SUV chased him.
Police eventually stopped the two vehicles and Pokora was arrested at gunpoint.
Life 'turned upside down'
Pokora filed a criminal complaint against the off-duty officer, as well as a complaint with the police ethics commission.
Police investigated the case and told CBC last fall that the surveillance video didn't tell the whole story.
At he time, Pokora said he decided to come forward after his life was turned "upside down" by the incident.
"After 10 months of therapy, I started realizing I need to start holding people accountable. Just like our politicians, everybody is accountable," he said.
Ethics commission won't proceed with complaint
Pokora also received a letter from the police ethics commission, saying it couldn't proceed with his complaint because the officer was off-duty at the time.
The letter said the commission only handles complaints involving officers who are in the course of performing their duties.
Pokora is scheduled to appear in court in March.
The front room of Aristocrat Tattoo Studio steadily filled and spilled into other rooms on Sunday as members of the community gathered to raise funds and show support for the families of two friends who died Friday.
Joe Angel Martinez Jr., 38, and Monica Barrientos, 29, were found dead in the 500 block of Southeast 13th Avenue. Amarillo police said Martinez shot and killed Barrientos, and then shot and killed himself.
Details about the final moments of their lives have not been released by police, but friends and family said they are focusing on the life the two had before their deaths, and on the futures of their three children and Martinez's two children from a previous marriage.
"My brother and sister-in-law were the most caring and giving people that you could ever meet," said Mercedes Mendoza, Martinez's sister.
Her brother was the oldest, Mendoza said, and as they grew up in Hereford, he acted as a father figure to the four siblings who grew up with him.
"He would always make sure we didn't feel sorry for ourselves, always make sure we were doing right." Mendoza said. "He always wanted the best for us."
Barrientos also grew up in Hereford, and though there was a gap in their ages, she and Martinez fell in love and were together for the past 15 years, Mendoza said.
"She was amazing, she was funny, she was caring, she was loving," Mendoza said. "She got along with everyone. She was just a big-hearted person. She had the biggest heart I had known."
Mendoza said she and her family are at a loss as to what might have prompted the killing.
"I think that's the question we're all wondering, and it hasn't been answered," she said. "I don't think it ever will be answered. It's easier to not try to understand it."
Martinez was well known in the tattoo communities of Amarillo and Hereford and Barrientos stayed by his side, booking appointments and prepping customers when they arrived at Addiction Tattoo Studio, 211 N. Buchanan St., Suite A, or Aristocrat Tattoo Studio, 804 S.W. 10th Ave.
"She did so much for him, as a mom, as a wife," Mendoza said.
The couple was preparing to attend the Ink Life Tour at the end of this month and had already begun booking appointments, said Teddi Calahorra, who owns Aristocrats. Robert Lancon, another friend, said he remembered when Martinez was invited to the tour last year.
"It was his Super Bowl," Lancon said, adding Martinez had been tattooing for at least 20 of the 30 years they had known each other.
Lancon said he considered Martinez his best friend. His daughters even called Martinez their uncle.
"We grew up together," he said. "He helped me out when I was locked up and looked after my parents."
Another friend, Mary Cardenas, who lost both of her legs in an August 2013 Interstate 27 accident, said the couple helped her beat the depression she felt after the wreck.
"We were always calling each other, every day," Cardenas said. "I miss them so much."
The love and help they gave to those around them, regardless of how little they had or if they themselves were struggling, will always be remembered, Lancon said. He said the tattoo studios will continue to sell raffle tickets and food to raise funds for funeral expenses and for the couple's children.
"I want for everyone to come out and help," Cardenas said. "That's what they would do for them."
A sporting gesture from Borussia Monchengladbach did not go unnoticed by Barcelona star Lionel Messi.
Injured Barcelona star Lionel Messi has taken to Facebook to thank Champions League opponent Borussia Monchengladbach for its gesture of goodwill.
Messi was ruled out for three weeks with a groin injury picked up in Barça's 1-1 draw against Atletico Madrid at Camp Nou on Wednesday.
The Argentina superstar's absence may be a boost to Gladbach's hopes of causing an upset in next Wednesday's encounter at Borussia Park.
However, the Bundesliga side is disappointed Messi will not be gracing its turf, posting on Twitter: "What a pity! We would have liked to have seen you on Wednesday with @FCBarcelona at Borussia Park. Get well, Lionel Messi."
The club's English Twitter account added: "It's a shame we won't get to see Leo #Messi at BORUSSIA-PARK when @FCBarcelona visit."
And Messi took the time to thank Barça's opponents, while vowing to come back stronger from his injury.
He wrote: "Many thanks to Borussia Monchengladbach for their message of support! A really nice gesture from the club.
"Of course I would also like to thank everyone who has sent me their best wishes. I now have to rest for a few days before coming back even stronger. Hugs to everyone."
A note from directors Bruce Straley and Neil Druckmann
Since we showed you our first gameplay reveal of Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, more of the game and story have come together, and it's become clear to us that this game is much more ambitious than we originally envisioned.
After spending so many years with Nathan Drake, he means a lot to the team, and telling the climactic chapter of his adventures is a task we don't take lightly – this game deserves every bit of the attention to detail, precise pacing, and nuanced storytelling Naughty Dog is known for.
So we've made the difficult choice of pushing the game's release date. Giving us a few extra months will make certain that Uncharted 4: A Thief's End not only meets the team's high standards but the high standards that gamers have come to expect from a Naughty Dog title.
Thank you for your patience – we know the extra wait will be excruciating, but you'll see it will be worth it as we reveal more about Uncharted 4 over the next year. The team at Naughty Dog will be heads down working through 2015 making sure that Nathan Drake's story gets the closure it deserves. Come Spring 2016, you and Nate are in for one thrilling, emotional ride.
This jam is now over. It ran from to . View results
Hi everyone, We are running another jam right away this time but this one is a big one!
7 days for this Jam.
The usual stuff applies, Normal rules as below and prizes are listed.
Themes
These themes are all about doing something fun and wacky. So the themes are Aliens and Abduction.... Make the best game you can use one or both of the themes..lets see what you guys can come up with!
Rules
Contestants will have 7 Days of development time. (Saturday 1st October 2016 12:00am => Friday 7th October 2016 23:59pm) UTC Time (This is +0, Check the current time here > What is UTC TIME
All Game engines are welcome!
Teams are allowed (prize will be split)
You have full creative freedom to make what you wish, However the spirit of the jam is to follow the theme and make the best game you can, If you don't you probably won't get disqualified but people tend to vote for the best game true to the theme.
You can use any artwork or audio that is open source and free for all to use.. Free assets, open source art is ok, Previous projects are not..
Voting is handled by Itch on a 1-5 star scale in 4 categories. (Fun, Creativity, Polish, Theme)
Submissions
Submit your game to Itch.io and to the submission page and be sure to fill in all fields.
Submissions must be made available to Violent Crumble (verification) before prizes will be awarded.
Submissions must be either playable online eg. WebGL(Preferred) or downloaded via a zip file.
Once top 3 winners have been chosen, they will submit their source files to @Violent Crumble for verification
Please be sure to link your Discord Username as that is where i will pm you!
Prizes
Top 3 places will be rewarded awesome special roles in the Discord Server! As well as:
If there are more than 20 Submissions Prizes are:
1st – Steam Game (Valued up to $20) + Official Certificate from GDL + Special Role!
2nd – Steam Game (Valued up to $10) + Official Certificate from GDL + Special Role!
3rd – Steam Game (Valued up to $5) + Official Certificate from GDL + Special Role!
How Do I Enter This Amazing Jam?
Simple!, Join the discord and get hyped!
#gamejam-chat is where you are able to ask any questions, or talk with other participants.
type !gamejam register in chat to register for gamejam notifications
How do i begin?
When the GameJam starts, Tiny rick (The discord server bot) will change his message to let people know the theme, and i will update the details on the Itch page (Here). I will try to update the Facebook Twitter too!
How do I win it?
All submissions will be posted to Itch and open to public vote for up to a week and the top 3 || 4 will be chosen.
Good luck!
"May the odds be ever in your favor"
Note:
The game jams are self funded, If you would like to donate and help out, You can do so below.
Donate
Some observers are starting to zero in on 2009 as Romney's problem year, a year in which he may have done a couple of different things.
Matt Yglesias's theory posited in Slate is that Romney was forced, under threat of prosecution, to shut down a secret Swiss bank account that year. Switzerland's largest bank cracked down on secret accounts, and the IRS followed suit, although it allowed holders of such accounts to avoid prosecution by coming clean on their tax-free accounts and paying what they owed.
Josh Green of Bloomberg BusinessWeek speculates that Romney took a big hit in financial meltdown of 2008, maybe a large-enough hit that his losses left him paying no tax for 2009:
As a member of the ultra-rich, Romney probably wasn't spared major losses. And it's possible he suffered a large enough capital loss that, carried forward and coupled with his various offshore tax havens, he wound up paying no U.S. federal taxes at all in 2009.
Green notes, intriguingly, that 2009 is the gap year. Romney released his 2010 returns and a summary of his 2011 returns. Before that, he gave the McCain campaign 20 years' worth of returns, and Steve Schmidt said yesterday that as far as he knows there was nothing disqualifying in them. (Although Romney couldn't have given the McCain team his 2008 returns eithers, which would have been filed in spring 2009, so it seems logical that 2008 could be a problem year as well.)
The Swiss idea doesn't necessarily strike me as a nuclear bomb. Pretty bad, all right--he had to pay up in order to avoid prosecution over non-payment of U.S. taxes. But at least he paid what he owed in the end. My sense of how that plays on Main Street is that it's bad but it's the kinds of shenanigans these people get up to all the time and not that shocking.
No taxes, however, would be another matter entirely. Josh Barro of Bloomberg View thinks it's unlikely for reasons he walks through here.
The bottom line, as everyone is saying, is that there must be something deeply unflattering in there. But the tax returns are only one leg of the stool. Let's not lose sight of the other leg--the I-was-CEO-I-wasn't-in-charge-I-retired-retroactively-but-I-still-got-paid leg.
Check out this devastating Obama ad on that point, with regular citizens reading verbatim Romney's explanation. It's terrific. It's gratifying to see the Democrats be better at hardball than the Republicans for a change.
Romney is going to have to release his returns eventually. They must know this in Boston. But oddly, the more speculation builds, the more people will expect there's something really terrible in there, so if there's only something moderately terrible, it might not be such a mortal blow. But then again--it might be.
And finally, there is no better way--no better way--to dramatize the fact that what's legal for rich people to do is not what's right or fair for them to do. We can't get traction talking about these issues during a normal time. So if this is what it takes to have that conversation, fine with me.
BRATISLAVA, Feb 13 (Reuters) - Slovakia should take advantage of negative yields on its sovereign debt to invest in major public infrastructure projects, Prime Minister Robert Fico said on Saturday as campaigning for next month's general election heats up.
Yields in primary auctions of short-dated Slovak government bonds and secondary market yields on short- to mid-term maturities have been in negative territory during the last 11 months.
“If we enjoy such tremendous trust in the financial markets, why not gather huge financial means and start carrying out the tasks that await us?” said Fico, whose leftist party looks set to win on March 5 though it might lose its outright majority. [ID:
In a pre-election speech at his Smer party's convention, Fico said that if re-elected he would seek agreement with opposition parties to amend a constitutional law on budget responsibility that limits the public debt to 60 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) and imposes sanctions when it exceeds 50 percent of GDP.
The finance ministry expects the central European country's public debt to fall to 52.1 percent of GDP this year from last year's 52.8 percent before falling to 51.3 percent in 2017 and 48.9 percent in 2018.
If those targets are reached, it would represent one of the lowest national debt burdens in the euro zone.
Following estimated growth of 3.6 percent last year, Slovakia's economy is expected to expand by 3.2 percent in 2016 before accelerating to 3.6 percent in 2017 and then by more than 4.0 percent as new assembly lines at automotive plants begin operations in 2018/19.
The nation of 5.4 million is home to three car plants and is expecting a fourth to come online in 2018 after the government signed a deal with Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) last year for a 1.4 billion euro ($1.6 billion) factory.
Still, foreign investment has not benefitted the whole country equally, with western and central regions faring better that worse-off southern and eastern regions affected by high unemployment and inadequate highways.
Opinion polls show Smer well ahead of the next closest party, the newcomer centrist party Siet, but it may lack the votes to rule alone due to a shrinking double-digit lead.
Fico has highlighted the health of the economy during campaigning and his government has boosted welfare spending while sticking to EU budget deficit rules. (Reporting by Tatiana Jancarikova; Editing by Helen Popper)
With the advent of 16-bit consoles, RPGs really began to take off in Japan and began to garner cult support in the western world. Sadly, this cult status meant that Western fans wouldn't get most of the RPGs that came out on those systems. One of the few that came through the rift of translation was Breath of Fire. The first Breath of Fire game wasn't a vast improvement over the already established RPG formula, and its story was nowhere near as developed as that of Final Fantasy IV, which had already aged considerably by then. It did, however, establish a flavor all of its own that would be carried over for the entire series to some extent, and some very enjoyable gameplay elements.
Breath of Fire takes place during the waning years of a great civil war between the White Dragons and the Black Dragons. The White Dragons are dwindling, and their last hope rests in a young boy named Ryu, who sets out on an adventure to save his people. Along the way, he meets many colorful companions, who have undergone some drastic name changes due to the 4-character text limitation for menu entries, but some of it is just plain bad translation. Indeed, Breath of Fire's strongest point is its characters. They are far more interesting than their counterparts in more typical Final Fantasy-style RPGs, and each has their own unique skill they can use either on the world map or in battle.
Characters
Ryu The main hero of the game. He's mute, spunky, a bit rugged, and has all the qualities of your average RPG hero, aside from the not so common ability to morph into a dragon. He can also fish. Fishing for actual fish isn't rewarding at all, but when used in certain secret spots, his ability nabs him some of the best items in the game. Nina The first companion Ryu meets. A young, winged princess who's introduced in quite an original fashion. Instead of simply joining the party, the story actually diverts from the hero's quest for quite a while and centers on Nina's mission to save her father from illness. The player follows her without really knowing who she is, and when she runs into trouble, the player must retrace her steps as Ryu and rescue her. Later on, she becomes a crucial element to the story and gains the ability to turn into a giant bird. Bo / Gilliam Bo (Gilliam in Japan) is a wolf person from a small village in the west. After Ryu helps him save his village, he joins the party. Other than that, he remains rather quiet. His initial bit of backstory is all the backstory you'll ever get for him. While on the overworld map, Bo can "hunt" by firing arrows at wild animals. He's not very good at this and frankly, it's quite useless even if you get the hang of it. In battle, however, he's one of the better characters throughout the game, learning a host of useful magic and boasting the highest amount of HP until Ox comes along. Karn / Danc Karn is a thief the party meets while heading through some less-than-savory criminal territory. You need his lockpicking skills to get through certain areas in the game, meaning he's going to be in the party quite a bit. Aside from being pretty fast, he later on gains the ability to fuse himself to Bo, Ox, and Gobi, transforming into various hideous, but extremely powerful mutant creatures, making him one of the best characters in the game. Gobi / Manillo Gobi is a fish man, identical to all those merchants met along the quest. He allows the party to travel underwater to the city where all of the fish merchants originate. This is one of the cooler and more original parts of the game. Gobi is pretty useless in battle, but thanks to his money-grubbing, fast-talking demeanor, he's a really likable character. A bit later he can transform into a giant fish, enabling him to reach all sorts of new areas. Ox / Builder Ox is the big, tough, muscle-bound guy that every RPG seems to have, and as his name implies, he looks like a cross between a man and an ox. Like almost every character in the game, he has an issue, and when Ryu helps him resolve it, he joins the party. Ox's crucial skill is his ability to smash through cracked walls by punching them. It can also be used to knock fruit out of trees, something that's required to trigger a certain story event much later on in the game. In battle, he's got tons of HP and does heavy damage, but he's rather slow. Bleu / Deis Bleu is an amusing character. Aside from having the upper torso of a busty woman and the lower torso of a snake, she's some sort of all-powerful deity (later on revealed to be a Goddess in Breath of Fire III). However, she's also complete slacker and a pervert. Her status as Goddess is implied with her magic selection, consisting of the most powerful magic in the game. Unlike all the other characters, she has no unique skill. Mogu Like Nina, the final member of the party is introduced in a very original way. Before you even know who this mole-man is, you must travel inside of his mind and rid his subconcious of his own fears and demons by litterally killing them. Afterwards, he joins your party, and then all kinds of neat stuff happens. Mogu's ability to burrow into certain patches of dirt is one of the most rewarding abilities in the game. If you have a good enough memory to recall where you've encountered strange symbols on the ground throughout the world map, you can find some of the most powerful weapons and spells in the entire game underneath.
Despite this incredible cast of characters, playing Breath of Fire isn't always fun. What really drags the game down is the battle system. There's no variety at all, and it's very traditional. The odds are always stacked against you as well. It seems every little minor battle in a new area or dungeon requires massive amounts of recovery spells and items afterwards. Since you have a limited number of spaces in your inventory, it's not uncommon to have your supplies nearly exhausted by the time you reach the boss of a long dungeon. And the dungeons in Breath of Fire are LONG. The boss battles in the game can also be a bit frustrating. They're not so much hard (many bosses are less dangerous than the lackeys who inhabit their lairs) as they are extremely well protected. They seem to live forever. It's almost depressing to watch their health meter deplete at barely noticable rates. Even when they die, they're not dead. They inexplicably regain their composure after they lose all their HP and stick around for a few more rounds before they finally depart from this world. In addition, many bosses have the ability to heal themselves.
The true fun of Breath of Fire lies outside of the battles. The dungeons in this game are huge. Not content to merely be places where enemy encounters occur as Final Fantasy's are, the dungeons in Breath of Fire are complex labyrinths full of traps, puzzles, and all sorts of treasures. Some of the puzzles in this game will inspire nostalgic feelings of playing Zelda. Also, as you venture through the dungeons of Breath of Fire, you may notice areas that can't be reached. You may see an unattainable treasure chest behind a cracked wall or a locked door. If you remember these locations later on when you meet new characters with abilities that can overcome those obstacles, you can backtrack and get yourself some amazing items. This adds a whole new level of depth to RPG dungeon crawling previously unseen. If it weren't for all the random encounters, dungeon crawling in this game would be an adventure all on its own.
Outside of the huge dungeons is an even larger world map, one of the largest for that era. Once again, Breath of Fire goes beyond the simple Final Fantasy aproach and adds a level of interactivity with the world map that hadn't really been seen in those days. The world map in Breath of Fire isn't just a flat, scrolling surface where your gargantuan character stomps around and enters towns merely the size of his face. It has wildlife, varied terrain, dozens of secrets, and even a night and day engine that has a real-time effect on the activity of monsters and NPCs in towns.
In the visual and audio departments, Breath of Fire stands up fairly well. The graphics are decent. At their worst, they're a bit too colorful. It is, however, one of the earlier SNES RPGs that had fully animated enemies, and the characters in battle were proportionate in comparison to most RPGs where they remain super deformed in almost every instance. Breath of Fire sports a pretty catchy soundtrack of synthesized orchestral tunes with a heavy emphasis on flute, a bit reminiscent of the Ghosts 'n Goblin games (also developed by Capcom). The best of these is a particularly haunting piece that usually plays in forests. The two later world map themes are also very nice.
Capcom, who developed the first Breath of Fire for Super Famicom in 1993, had never attempted to translate a game with dialogue of this density before, and even their attempts at translating games with very little dialogue had infamously poor results. Not only this, but Capcom had already begun work on Breath of Fire II. So, they decided to have Square, already known for the most massive dialogue translation at that time, bring the game over to US audiences. Despite Square working on the title, Breath of Fire still wasn't translated very well. Square obviously didn't put much effort into it, and understandably so, as development of their next big Final Fantasy title was already well under way. Breath of Fire didn't make it to US store shelves until 1994, making it even less impressive now that huge games like Secret of Mana and Final Fantasy III (AKA VI) were making a name for themselves. However, RPGs were still few and far between in America, so gamers jumped at every opportunity to experience them. This made Breath of Fire a cult hit in America, ensuring that it would not be a one-trick pony.
Overall, Breath of Fire is a pretty good RPG, but I'd recommend it more to a fan of Zelda than a fan of Final Fantasy, because the emphasis clearly isn't on story. It is, however, just the beginning of a great series of RPGs. It's there to set the groundwork and for the most part, nothing more.
In 2001, Capcom decided to port their cult RPG hit to Nintendo's powerful little handheld shortly after it was released. Sadly, it doesn't seem that Capcom utilized that power too well. It's very much the same game, with the only visual improvement being some spiffy new artwork and character portraits displayed during dialogue. Unfortunately, they didn't bother to retranslate any of the text, so the writing is still pretty lame. However, the gold and experience gained after battle has been increased, so the game's a bit less difficult. As with most SNES-to-GBA ports, the soundtrack in Breath of Fire suffers dramatically, as it now sounds scratchy and muffled.
Cameos, References, Easter Eggs and other Nonsense
Street Fighter II - Yes, the kenpo-using, street-fighting babe Chun Li makes an infamous cameo appearance in Breath of Fire. This takes place in the Town of Thieves. There's a small house in the corner of the town where a man will ask you if you want to see something cool. If you say yes, you'll peep through and see Chun Li practicing her Hanretsu Kyaku.
Ghosts 'n Goblins - If you look closely at all the portraits hanging on the walls of houses in this game, you'll see that they are in fact of Arthur, the heart-patterned boxer shorts-wearing hero of the Makai Mura games. It actually seems to be the face of his sprite from Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts.
Mega Man V - One of the bosses, Goda, has an uncanny resemblance to Stone Man from Mega Man V. It's not simply that they're both made of similar brick-pattern stone, but he even has the very distinct Wilybot style eyes that all Wilybots have.
George Romero - Earlier in the game, there is a town called Romero. Considering that if you go to the town during the evening, there are zombies all over the place, it's quite obvious that this is a reference to George Romero, director of legendary zombie thrillers such as Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, and many others. This is the same in both the English and Japanese versions - apparently, one of the staff members was a fan.
The Adrian Peterson era in New Orleans has already come to an end, after just four games, totaling 85 yards and no touchdowns. He was traded to the Arizona Cardinals today. Arizona is without David Johnson and already got Chris Johnson to come out of retirement, Johnson and Kerwynn Williams have both averaged under 2.5 yards per carry and Andre Ellington is a receiving back so I don't think Arizona makes this move unless Peterson will fill the short-yardage/goal-line/between-the-tackles role and get at least 12 carries a game.
Peterson's short-lived stint in a different locale, though, isn't unique. Here's a list of some other names that went to places you have probably forgotten. I'm not talking Emmitt Smith or Edgerrin James to the Cardinals here. Those guys were starters for multiple years. These are the truly forgettable cameos.
Each of these running backs had at least three different seasons with 1400 yards from scrimmage in their NFL careers, and had a “cup of coffee” with another franchise at the end of the their careers, where they totaled less than 300 yards from scrimmage. [all research via Pro Football Reference.]
Eric Dickerson: Best known for playing with the Rams and Colts, Dickerson also played one year with the Raiders. But most people forget that he ended his career with the Atlanta Falcons. He had 91 rushing yards in 4 games in 1993 in Atlanta.
Thurman Thomas: After 12 years in Buffalo, Thomas went to Miami for one season and had 253 yards from scrimmage in 9 games.
Shaun Alexander: After injuries in Seattle in 2005 and 2006, Alexander played a few games in Washington at age 31, managing 24 rushing yards on 11 carries in 4 games.
Steven Jackson: Congratulations if you remember that Jackson played two games with the Patriots in 2015, totaling 70 yards from scrimmage and a touchdown.
Stephen Davis: Davis actually ended his career as a backup with the Rams for one season, with 267 yards from scrimmage in 15 games.
Arian Foster: This one was recent enough that we will remember Foster lasting 4 games before suffering another injury with the Dolphins in 2016. He had 133 yards in those games.
Charlie Garner: Garner signed with old coach Jon Gruden in Tampa Bay in 2004 and made it through 3 games, totaling 173 yards.
Terry Allen: Allen showed up on the Patriots and provided a replacement for Robert Edwards in 1999. Like Peterson, he then signed with the Saints at age 32, playing only 4 games as Ricky Williams' backup and finishing with 186 yards. He returned again the next year to play for Baltimore when Jamal Lewis suffered a preseason knee injury and had 700 yards in his final season.
James Brooks: Brooks played for both Cleveland and Tampa Bay in 1992, adding only 43 yards in 6 games combined with the two franchises.
Joe Cribbs: The former Buffalo great played two more seasons with San Francisco, then ended his career in 1988 by playing with both the Colts and Dolphins, primarily as a kick returner while adding 21 yards from scrimmage.
Chuck Foreman: Foreman, the Vikings' star of the 1970's, finished his career in New England in 1980 wearing #22, and finishing with 162 yards.
Maurice Jones-Drew: Jones-Drew went to Oakland for one ill-fated year, finishing with 167 yards.
Lawrence McCutcheon: McCutcheon made 5 straight pro bowls for the Los Angeles Rams from 1973 to 1977. He actually holds the distinction of having less than 300 yards with three other franchises, as between the 1980 and 1981 seasons he spent time with Denver (6 games-64 yards), Seattle (8 games-266 yards), and Buffalo (6 games-177 yards).
Lydell Mitchell: One of the premiere receiving backs of his era (5 straight seasons of 500+ receiving yards), Mitchell closed his career with two games with the Rams in 1980, finishing with 37 total yards.
Mike Pruitt: In a sign of hope for Peterson (sort of), Pruitt signed with Buffalo in 1985 and only had 24 yards in 4 games. He was then traded to Kansas City where he put up over 900 yards in two seasons as a platoon back.
Curt Warner: The Seattle star played 7 games with the Los Angeles Rams in 1990, finishing with 139 yards.
You know that awkward feeling you get when you see someone you know, but definitely aren't attracted to, on Tinder or Bumble? Like a coworker or a friend of a friend or the somewhat decent but definitely not your type barista who is always working when you walk into Starbucks. Or you match with someone only to find out that the two of you make an awkward pair? Well, this couple totally got their “happily ever after” from online dating…30 years after they were preschool crushes. I know, I'm jealous too.
Amy Giberson and Justin Pounders, both 34 and from St. Petersburg, Florida, matched with each other on Match.com back in 2014. It seemed pretty standard at first; the two ended up having a successful first date at a restaurant in December of that year. After dating for a few months later, “Justin casually mentioned he always liked my name because his first crush was a girl named Amy in preschool,” Giberson explained to Cosmopolitan. “I joked and said ‘Well it wasn't me, so I don't want to hear about this Amy.'”
But here's the kicker: she was that Amy. Turns out that Giberson and Pounders attended the same preschool. They found this out a month later when Pounders was describing how he was injured in preschool and mentioned the school's name, Sunshine Pre-K. Cue the WTF moment. They had lived in the same city for years, but never crossed paths between preschool days and online dating. Pounders' mother even found an old photo from their days at Sunshine Pre-K, sitting knee-to-knee, as cute as can be.
Ugh, it's almost too cute.
To say that they were ecstatic is definitely an understatement. Both of them believed it a true sign of fate that they ended up together, and honestly, we don't blame them. They even got engaged on The View during an interview about their unusual story. The happy couple officially became Mr. and Mrs. Pounders this past weekend, sealing the deal on their magical relationship. “I was hopeful that those love stories Nicholas Sparks wrote about were actually real and that I'd have a great loved one day,” Giberson explained to Cosmo. “But I never expected this!”
Let's just hope that Nicholas Sparks doesn't catch wind of this, because this is definitely romance story-worthy.
President Barack Obama, Commander-in-Chief of the United States Armed Forces, democratically elected leader of the free world, is “concerned” about Russian war planes buzzing a US warship in the Baltic Sea earlier this week. On Wednesday, the Russians flew their fighter jets just 30 feet above an American Navy vessel unprovoked, without notifying US officials. The sailors aboard the USS Donald Cook were shocked at such a brazen act of hostility.
The Kremlin knows full well that the Obama administration will not aggressively enforce admiralty law. The White House's doddering reaction to Russian hostilities only confirmed Moscow's suspicions. Hours after Russian jets hovered over our sailors, White House press secretary Josh Earnest took the bully pulpit and unleashed a series of weasel words, downplaying the incident entirely. Earnest stated that Russia's actions were “entirely inconsistent with the professional norms of militaries operating in close proximity to each other,” while citing “repeated incidents in the past year.” Forget the past year. This week alone, the US navy has endured a slight after slight by Russian military forces. As The Daily Wire's Ben Shapiro reported, “The Donald Cook was subjected to overflight by a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 combat aircraft about 20 times on Monday. Then, on Tuesday, a Russian Ka-27 Helix helicopter made seven overflights and took photographs of the Donald Cook. Then another Su-24 began doing 'simulated attacks.' Eleven times.”
Notably, Earnest failed to specify what exactly the United States would do to defend the freedom of the seas. Casually, he expressed discontent about Russia's perpetual inability to follow international norms. “We continue to be concerned about this behavior,” he mock-heroically declared. Well, case closed. Vladimir Putin probably trembled in fear and spilled his vodka after he heard Earnest's roaring words.
Granted, the Russians have turned Syria into their personal playground, running a scorched-earth campaign against any and all enemies of Putin-ally and Syrian dictator Bashar al Assad. And of course there's the curious case of Crimea. There, Russian soldiers covering their official insignia casually waltzed into Ukraine's sovereign territory and essentially established a Soviet-style satellite state, all to create a buffer zone around its massive Black Sea naval fleet in Sevastopol.
It's cool, though; the Russian bear will abruptly cease its imperial expansionism all because Obama's weaselly spokesman is “concerned.”
By Layne
Layne is a stay-at-home mother of four, a Mormon, an agritainer/gentleman farmer, aficionado of good writing,good food, boots and purses. She would describe her religious beliefs as fairly mainstream with a hint of mysticism. She's a big fan of people behaving responsibly and ethically.
I am an advisor in our ward's Young Women program. Last night we took the girls to the temple to do baptisms and were treated to a bizarre demonstration of what felt to me like passive-aggressive unrighteous dominion, but I may be overreacting. We waited over an hour after our appointment time to start, while one of the confirmation rooms sat empty and the men in the font stood around waiting for people to baptize, and the towel lady behind the desk chewed me out when I asked for more towels because we had given our towels (“They were already GIVEN towels. They only GET ONE TOWEL!”) to the people whose appointment was a half hour after ours and yet were all confirmed and baptized before our girls started. But the strangest exchange happened right when we got there. The woman at the desk asked if we had any girls who were only being confirmed, and we confusedly answered no. She asked again, more loudly, I guess in case we didn't speak English, and we said no again. Then she explained to our Young Women's leader that girls who were menstruating were not allowed into the font, and could therefore only be confirmed. So Terri asked the girls if any of them were on their periods, and two scarlet-faced Mia Maids admitted that they were, but both had brought tampons. No, said the woman, they would still not be allowed to be baptized. When Terri asked why, the woman answered, “Well, if you think about it . . .”
If you think about what? If you think about the miniscule amount of blood that might get past the tampon? An amount that would not mar the white jumpsuit that they were required to wear for confirmation, but would apparently render an entire baptismal font's worth of highly chlorinated water unusable? If you think about how dirty blood is, and therefore how dirty women are because they bleed once a month? If you think about the good old days of Leviticus when women were considered unclean while menstruating and postpartum?
I have never encountered this policy before (because I'm pretty sure it's policy being treated as doctrine) and wondered if others had. In asking around, I found a few women who have experienced it, and one who thought it was no big deal. Internet-anecdotally it actually seems fairly common. I am flummoxed. It's not a laundry issue, or they wouldn't have them suit up for confirmation. Are we really depriving these young women—many of whom are desperately in need of positive experiences tied to the temple and the Gospel—of the opportunity to perform saving ordinances because they might drip blood in the water? For the sake of ick?
If so, that is not just ridiculous, but reprehensible.
After Layoffs of 175 Workers, J.Crew Exec Instagrams His Night Celebrating, Making Hunger Games Joke
J.Crew exec Alejandro Rhett's boozy, post-layoff celebrations were documented on Instagram with jokey hashtags referencing The Hunger Games. (New York Post)
After telling members of his team they had lost their jobs, a J.Crew executive went drinking and celebrating with other employees at a bar, posting goofy photos and The Hunger Games jokes on Instagram.
The New York Post reported that Alejandro Rhett, vice president of men's merchandising at the struggling clothing company, delivered the news Wednesday to some of the 175 workers affected by the layoffs at the company's New York City headquarters. He then went drinking with other employees at the Linen Hall bar, their celebrations documented—and extensively hashtagged—on Instagram.
One photo depicting Rhett and a female friend jumping for joy used the hashtags #hungergames and #maytheoddsbeeverinyourfavor, ostensibly comparing the bloody battles royale of the young adult dystopian novel to the layoffs. J.Crew employee Julie Stamos posted another photo where she and Rhett pose for a "casual photo shoot" outside Linen Hall, complete with hashtags #forthewin and #damnitfeelsgoodtobeagangster.
The photos have since been taken down, and a J.Crew spokesman said the company "does not condone" the behavior of Rhett and the other employees. “As soon as we were made aware, the appropriate actions took place,” said the spokesman without elaboration.
A J.Crew insider, the Post reported, criticized Rhett's "poor judgment" and "inappropriate" behavior. “J.Crew has serious issues right now, and no one in the office had a smile on their face that day.” The layoffs came after J.Crew reported mounting losses in its first quarter, with sales dropping by 5 percent compared to the same period in 2014 and an operating loss of nearly $521 million.
Company executives have blamed J.Crew's poor performance on various fashion faux pas in their catalog, such as the "Tilly," a crop-top women's sweater that bombed and ended up in the sale pile.
At long last, Apple has landed in Williamsburg.
Ending years of speculation, the tech-products powerhouse has signed a long-term lease for a 20,000-square-foot store at 247 Bedford Ave. at the corner of North 3rd Street, brokerage community sources definitively revealed. It will be Apple's long-awaited first Brooklyn location.
No one involved would comment. The landlords, Red Sky Capital and Waterbridge, were represented by Lee NYC managing principal Peter Braus and his Brooklyn retail leasing team.
Apple was repped by Chris DeCrosta of Crown Retail Services and Open Realty.
The two-story brick structure, a few blocks from the Bedford Avenue L station, is getting a whole new look, featuring dramatic, arched windows, to be completed in April 2015.
There was no word on how soon Apple will move in or what it will pay. In 2012, Braus told the Real Deal that asking rents for 247 Bedford's redesigned retail space would run from $185 to $200 per square foot.
The Commercial Observer once wrote that precisely where Apple would make its Brooklyn retail debut “has been a commercial real-estate industry parlor game for at least five years” — and that story ran more than a year ago. One possible location after another buzzed through the rumor mill.
Meanwhile, Apple, under Tim Cook and powered by frenzied demand for its iPhone 6, saw its stock price target upped by Citigroup on Monday to $135, versus previous expectations of $120.
The company closed at $112.40 a share on Monday.
We didn't quite believe that last week's “final” meeting of the Seaport Working Group would really be the last one before Howard Hughes Corp.'s South Street Seaport redevelopment enters the city's formal, seven-month review trial — and we know you didn't, either.
Unsurprisingly, the jolly crew of city officials, Hughes reps, community board members and other “stakeholders” will be at it again Tuesday night.
The city sanctioned the SWG in hopes that issues related to the $1.5 billion Seaport project could be settled before it faces the daunting Uniform Land Use Review Procedure (ULURP).
But thanks to complaints by Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer, Council Member Margaret Chin and activists calling themselves “Save Our Seaport,” the closed-to-the-public sessions seem to have no end in sight — like a back-room ULURP before real ULURP.
Hughes and a pro-project group called “Friends of the Seaport” are expected to show results of a poll that found 84 percent of Lower Manhattan residents in favor.
Meanwhile, the project will receive a first, open-to-all airing on Wednesday night at 6 p.m. at St. Paul's Chapel on Broadway. The CB1 public session will focus just on landmarks-related aspects of the plan.
When Property Group Partners' and Romanoff Equities' glass-clad, 10-story 860 Washington St. opens late next year, it will catch the wave of the Meatpacking District's soaring commercial market.
And its cultural scene as well: The relocated Whitney Museum will soon open nearby to PGP's office-and-retail address rising at the corner of West 13th Street.
PGP founder/president Jeffrey I. Sussman told us asking rents will likely be $100-plus for 100,000 square feet of offices. The ask on the ground-floor portion of 21,000 square feet of retail will be $500 a square foot.
Second-floor store space, while not as pricey, will still be “very expensive,” Sussman said — noting that its unobstructed windows will serve as a “billboard” to High Line Park strollers who will pass by at eye level.
Asked whether the goal is to lease the whole building to a single tenant, Sussman chuckled, “Well, our friends at Taconic leased their whole building to Samsung” — nearby 837 Washington St. But he's also open to having several tenants.
PGP and the Romanoffs tapped James Carpenter and AAI Architects to design the glamorous 10-story boutique tower. It will have column-free windows affording expansive views, slab-to-slab floor heights of over 11 feet and ultra-modern systems.
Sussman said office tenants might be drawn from the creative/media/tech ranks, but smaller financial services firms could also be in the mix. A Cushman & Wakefield team led by Stuart Romanoff is the leasing agent.
Prominent architectural firm Snohetta, which designed the Sept. 11 Memorial Museum Pavilion, has chosen a new headquarters: the Rudin Family's 80 Pine St., where it signed for a 10-year, 19,321-square-foot lease on the 10th floor.
Snohetta will move from 25 Broadway in 2015. Mrofficespace.com lists the asking rent as $40 per square foot.
Cushman & Wakefield's Richard Kennedy repped the tenant and Tom Keating repped Rudin in-house.
A woman has survived after being attacked and buried by a bear in Siberia
GRAPHIC CONTENT: A Russian woman has survived being buried alive in a savage bear attack.
Mother of two Natalya Pasternak, 55, was walking in a forest near Tynda, in the far-east Amur Region of Russia earlier this week. The bear attacked her and her dog, but a companion who was walking with Pasternak managed to escape and fetch help.
The rescuers, including a wildlife protection specialist, were also attacked by the bear, a four year old female. They shot the bear dead before noticing Pasternak's hand jutting out of the ground.
Pasternak was alive and conscious, but badly injured, buried under a pile of leaves. According to local paper The Siberian Times, the bear was saving her to eat later.
"Have you killed the bear?" she asked her rescuers.
SIBERIAN TIMES When found by rescuers, the woman's first question was, "Have you killed the bear?".
Pastermak was taken to hospital in state of shock. She remains there with severe injuries. Graphic images show her covered in blood and leaves at the scene, with claw wounds on her arms.
Sergei Ivanov, the wildlife specialist, told the Siberian Times that the rescue team did not feature any policeman or doctors. He describes the scene as the rescuers approached.
"I walked softly. The predator at this time was guarding its prey and, not wanting to share it with competitors, it jumped out of the trees to the noise. I waited until it came closer and shot from six metres - four shots, with the fifth to the head," he said.
"Only underwear remained on the woman. Her clothes were torn."
The second woman was also attacked by the bear, and suffered scratches on her back.
Another wildlife specialist has speculated that Pasternak's dog may have provoked the attack.
"Seeing a wild animal, a dog begins to bark at it," Nikolai Stephanov said to The Siberian Times.
"The majority of dogs then get frightened and run to their owner. As a result, your pet can lead an angry bear straight to you."
No information on the fate of her dog is currently available.
Take Charge Plus
Take Charge Plus provides health coverage for family planning and family planning related services.
What does Take Charge Plus Cover?
(Services, prescriptions and supplies must be related to family planning.)
7 office visits (per calendar year) including a well visit and care related to family planning
Prescriptions and lab work related to family planning or family planning related services
Birth control (including pills, patches, implants, injections, condoms, diaphragms and IUDs)
Cervical cancer screening and treatment for cervical dysplasia
Contraceptive counseling and education
Testing and treatment for sexually transmitted infections (STIs other than HIV/AIDS and hepatitis)
Voluntary sterilization for males and females (over age 21)
Vaccines for males and females for the prevention of HPV (the virus that causes cervical cancer in women)
Transportation for family planning appointments
Who can get coverage?
Males and females with income equal to or below these limits
Family Size Monthly Income Limit 1 $1,387 2 $1,868 3 $2,349 4 $2,829 5 $3,310 6 $3,791 7 $4,272 8 $4,752 For each extra person, add $481
How do I apply?
You can apply online, through the mail or over the telephone. For more information about how to apply, click here to visit the Self-Service Portal.
TAKE CHARGE plus Resources
Jewel-Osco no longer sells Essential Everyday Parmesan Cheese. The U.S. supermarket chain took the product known as Essential Everyday 100% Parmesan Cheese off the shelves as one independent investigation conducted by Bloomberg found it contains 8.8 percent cellulose or wood pulp.
The Bloomberg investigation was published on February 16th and covered parmesan cheese from several brands and producers. According to the experts in the industry, the results of the Bloomberg investigation mirror concerns voiced nationwide. It's possible that 20 percent of the parmesan cheese produced in the U.S. is mislabeled as it contains various percentages of cellulose. None of the parmesan cheese labels mentioned the wood pulp.
Cellulose is an additive commonly used in foods such as parmesan cheese to prevent it from clotting. The wood pulp derived additive is used predominantly in grated parmesan cheese such as the Essential Everyday 100% Parmesan Cheese. As a result of the Bloomberg investigation, Jewel-Osco no longer sells Essential Everyday Parmesan Cheese.
According to Dean Sommer who is a cheese technologist with the Center for Dairy Research (Madison, Wisconsin), it is sufficient to use 2 to 4 percent cellulose to prevent grated parmesan cheese from clumping. However, more than enough producers use well above 4 percent cellulose in an unjustified manner. Moreover, cellulose doesn't appear on the products' labels.
Jewel-Osco no longer sells Essential Everyday Parmesan Cheese with the supermarket chain recalling the product from all the 185 stores nationwide this Wednesday. Mary Frances Trucco with Jewel-Osco declared for Bloomberg that:
“Our supplier of the parmesan cheese is aware of the issue, and we look forward to learning more about their investigation”.
Meanwhile, the U.S. supermarket chain is replacing the Essential Everyday 100% Parmesan Cheese with the company's Signature Brand. The Bloomberg investigation was sparked by concerns of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The federal regulator looked into Castle Cheese for similarly high levels of cellulose or wood pulp.
The Bloomberg investigation conducted independent tests on other grated parmesan cheese as well. Among them, Walmart's Great Value Brand, Whole Foods 365 and Kraft's grated parmesan cheese were under scrutiny.
The independent lab results showed that Walmart's Great Value 100% Grated Parmesan Cheese contained 7.8 percent cellulose. Kraft's product contained 3.8 percent cellulose, while Whole Foods contained 0.3 percent cellulose.
Photo Credits: Flickr
The Broncos' practice facility (left) is next door to the Arapahoe County Jail (the pink building). There are some other close ties, as well. (Photo: Gregg Doyel)
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. – He's in there, and I'm wondering if he can hear the music.
It's not a silly question. I'm standing outside the Arapahoe County jail, and I can hear the music. It's coming from the Denver Broncos' practice facility next door, and that's a literal description. The practice field is next to the jail, so close that I can read the Broncos' jersey numbers – there's Peyton – as I'm touching the chain-link fence that surrounds the jail. There's razor wire at the top of the fence. I'm not touching that.
But I'm listening to whistles blowing and players yelling and then all of that stops and the loudspeakers start blaring rap. Can he hear it? You know, him?
He's in there somewhere, inside the Arapahoe County Sheriff's Office Detention Facility. His hair is no longer dyed orange, but in every picture taken of him, his eyes are wide-open spheres of insanity – and his alleged number of victims is 12. Those are the fatalities. He also allegedly wounded 70 people on July 20, 2012, when police say he walked into the Century Aurora (Colo.) 16 movie theater and set off smoke canisters before opening fire on moviegoers with two rifles and a handgun.
That was 2½ years ago. After a series of postponements, he is set to go to trial this month. Jury selection is scheduled to begin Jan. 20 at the Arapahoe County courthouse.
The courthouse is next to the jail. Which is next to the Broncos training facility.
The music is blaring, and I wonder if it brings him any sense of pleasure. I wonder if James Holmes is listening.
Four years ago, the Broncos had to evacuate their practice facility. Someone had left a car outside the jail for too long, and sheriff's deputies called the bomb squad, and the surrounding areas were cleared out. It was October 2010. Football season. And the Broncos had to evacuate their building.
That's one of the unintended, unforeseeable consequences of building a state-of-the-art practice facility in 1990 – and the Broncos' practice digs are beautiful and enormous, with multiple outdoor fields and an indoor facility and a team gift shop – next to a county jail. The 300,000 square-foot Arapahoe jail had opened three years earlier, in 1987, capable of handling 17,000 arrestees every year and at any one time accommodating 1,490 inmates.
James Holmes, the man suspected of killing 12 people at a Colorado movie theater, appeared in court on June 4, 2013. (Photo: Andy Cross / AP)
Along with the NFL training facility on Broncos Parkway, the Dove Valley Business Park in Englewood has the jail, the courthouse and the Arapahoe County Coroner's Office. One building over – from the coroner's office, you'd head toward the Broncos facility and then make a left; you can't miss it – is where they're keeping a man accused of sending 12 bodies to the Arapahoe County coroner.
These are the thoughts I'm having as I walk inside the jail, under the sign that reads, "Inmate Visitation." Through the bulletproof glass window are 12 visible meeting rooms, each room outfitted with a phone and a video screen. How it works is, the visitor picks up a phone and the screen turns on. On the other end, an inmate is staring into the screen and holding a phone. How I know this is the woman who entered the building before me. She has a toddler in her arms, a phone against her ear, and a screen coming to life. A man inside is waiting to talk to her. Is the prisoner the woman's husband? Is the toddler his kid?
Can they hear the Broncos? Can they hear the music?
I walk outside, and I hear a man's laughter. It could be coming from the Broncos. But this being the wide open plains of Colorado, noise travels and echoes and comes back. Hard to pinpoint where it's coming from. I hear a single man laughing, and I hope to God it's coming from football practice.
The theater where the shootings occurred. (Photo: Alex Brandon / AP)
The movie theater still stands. More than that, it's been renovated, reopened, recycled. On Thursday, people were walking inside at noon to watch "It Ends Here" and "Unbroken."
Walk inside, and if you didn't know, you wouldn't know. So harmless does this place seem, so … inviting, that I figured I was in the wrong place. A kid selling popcorn – his name tag identified him as Dewaun – told me that this was in fact the theater where James Holmes allegedly opened fire.
"It's been remodeled," he said.
There's not a single sign that something despicable happened here. Should there be a sign? Seems like it. Something to remember the dead, note the horror, show the strength of a community that refused to let a madman dictate where it would and would not go to enjoy life.
The theater is 10 miles from the jail where James Holmes is held. The jail is a couple of football fields from the Broncos' practice facility. And the two – the jail, the Broncos – have been linked over the years.
Hey, it happens. This is not a value judgment of the Broncos. NFL players are people just like you and me, and people like you and me get arrested from time to time. So it is with a handful of Broncos over the years, getting arrested in Arapahoe County and being admitted as an inmate at the jail right next to their football facility.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Imagine being Broncos executive Matt Russell, sentenced in May 2014 to six months of work release at the Arapahoe County jail, waking up every morning behind bars and then walking a quarter mile to the Broncos facility, then walking back to spend another night in jail.
Or imagine being Broncos star linebacker Von Miller and being arrested in August 2013 for missing a court appearance at that courthouse next to the practice facility. And being Miller and almost missing another court appearance in October 2013, before showing up two hours late. Less than two minutes from the locker room.
Or imagine three Broncos players – practice-squad safety John Boyett in 2014, tight end Richard Quinn in 2009 and tight end Byron Chamberlain in 1997 – being jailed next to the practice fields. Former Broncos offensive lineman Gerald Perry was jailed twice at the nearby facility, in 1990 and '91, and was transported by luxury sedan to the airport after his release in 1991 because he had been picked up by the Los Angeles Rams. Ex-Broncos tight end Clarence Kay, who caught 193 passes for 2,136 yards and 13 touchdowns from 1984-92, spent time in the jail in 2004 on charges of burglary and assault.
Just one of those things. The jail, right next to the football facility.
James Holmes in the jail now.
Music playing. A man laughing.
Don't ask me who's laughing. Or why. At this moment, I can't imagine finding anything funny at all.
Please find Star columnist Gregg Doyel on Twitter at @GreggDoyelStar or at www.facebook.com/gregg.doyel
Marcin Gortat is awesome. It's just that simple. This year we've learned that he wants more Facebook likes than your dog, and that the best selfies are taken "butt naked" -- now he's telling the Washington Post about his soul.
"Sometimes, I think it's the way I carry myself, talk, make jokes. I think I have something from African American inside me. There is some kind of black soul inside me that is fooling around with these guys and doing the same stuff they're doing. Maybe they see some of that."
Let's hear from teammate Bradley Beal before everyone gets all riled up about what the Polish Hammer is saying.
"He's black in my eyes," Beal said last week after practice. "He has every character of a black guy. He's just a jokester. He's down to earth, humorous. That's how he is. He's just a natural comedian."
Need more proof that Gortat is pretty much the most awesome player ever and someone I totally want to get a beer with?
When longtime Wizards employee Dolph Sand asked Gortat to fulfill a media request earlier this season, he responded: "What do you want me to do? I will do anything for you for paying me this much money." "Listen, you get paid $12 million a year, there is no way you can have a bad day," Gortat said. "You can't have a bad day. There is so many people having problems in the world. What it is your problem? Coming to practice and work out for two, three hours? Is this your problem?"
Swoon. Heart U Gortat.
★★★
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Despite rumors that his luck with woman has changed, Mitt Romney has continued to fail at closing the sizable gender gap among voters with only a week to go until the election. The Huffington Post's poll wizard Mark Blumenthal and politics reporter Sabrina Siddiqui crunched a whole host of the most recent numbers and found that Romney's fortune among women voters has changed little since his post debate surge at the beginning of October, despite rumors that he'd finally made a breakthrough with the demographic.
That first debate did give Romney a bump among women voters, but that bump has disappeared. "That poll we conducted right after the first debate suggested that his debate performance did have an impact on the race, and that impact was probably more substantial among women than it was among men," Michael Dimock, associate director at the Pew Research Center told The Huffington Post. "The entirety of the polling over the course of this year suggests to me that the gender gap is likely to look very similar to the last few election cycles, with women somewhere between 6 and 8 points to favor Obama, and fairly consistent with where we've been since 1980."
President Trump appears to have had second thoughts about investigating mass voter fraud in the election he won. But that news may in the end be a side note in an era of pitched battles over whether voting in America is too easy or too hard.
A week after Mr. Trump vowed an investigation into his unsubstantiated claim that up to 5 million non-citizens voted in the November election, the White House told CNN it is no longer a priority. One likely reason: Previous investigations have found little evidence of any, let alone mass, instances of in-person voter fraud. Indeed, the bulk of peer-reviewed studies suggest that a potentially bigger problem is legal American voters discouraged, or even barred, from voting because of new restrictions. Another possible reason: Polls show that only 1 in 4 Americans agree that voter fraud is a serious issue.
Whether Trump ultimately orders an investigation, it's clear that, as liberals push to make voting easier, conservatives continue to advocate for stronger fraud defenses.
Ultimately, federal courts will decide, as states faced 13 major voting rights lawsuits going into the 2016 election.
“Voting litigation is increasing, not decreasing,” says Ned Foley, an election law professor at The Ohio State University, in Columbus. Judging by judicial outcomes so far, he says, “The main impression … is that when a law looks like it's engaging in outright disenfranchisement of a valid voter, even conservative judges have been stopping that. [But] the judiciary is more tolerant with state legislatures adjusting issues of convenience and accessibility, if the adjustment is not outright disenfranchisement.”
Even without a federal investigation, the US is bracing for a new wave of legal and political skirmishes around the sanctity of voter rolls, the need for ID, impacts of redistricting, and, perhaps most critically, where, when, and how Americans can exercise their most fundamental right.
Across the US, there is a growing raft of voting rights cases. They seem likely to increase after new voting restrictions were passed in Michigan in a lame duck session and after Arkansas reintroduced a voter ID bill with language similar to one the state Supreme Court struck down two years ago as unconstitutional.
Some conservatives argue that such steps are legitimate, even necessary. To them, shoring up election procedures is less about fraud than fairness to conservative voters. J. Christian Adams, a former Department of Justice attorney, writes in The Hill that it's Democrats who have used civil rights law to create legal "black-brown" coalitions that "bolster Democratic power." He adds that, when it comes to voting rights, “race, power, federalism, state sovereignty and more race … is the battlespace.”
Views of immigrants play into perceptions of fraud
While just 1 in 4 Americans believes there is widespread voter fraud, research shows that belief is tied directly into negative views of immigrants. A study released this week found that “resenting immigrants is the strongest predictor of believing in rampant voter fraud, even after controlling for conventional political dispositions and socioeconomic characteristics."
The voter fraud push is part of “arousing sentiments against some illegal others who are ‘stealing our country from us,' ” as Michael Halberstam, a professor at the University at Buffalo Law School, notes in an interview.
Electoral experts say the reality on the ground is very different. Repeated investigations – including by the Bush administration in the wake of the 2000 election – have not yielded anything more than what University of California, Irvine, law professor Rick Hasen has called “isolated, small-scale activities that often have not shown any kind of criminal intent.”
For their part, Democrats say that voter suppression, especially of minorities, is far more prevalent than fraud in the US.
Voting restrictions can sway voting decisions both directly and indirectly. In 2014, a study of a Texas congressional district found that 34,000 people chose not to vote because they didn't think they had the right credentials under new and stricter voting rules.
"This is all about small percentages of voters,” says Neil Bradley, the former associate director of the ACLU's Voting Rights Project. “But we're a divided country, and small percentages of voters can determine an election.”
Voter ID trend
Until the most recent spate of voting restrictions were passed at the state level, much of the voting rights debate had taken place in Washington. President Clinton, for example, had to fight hard against Republicans before Congress passed the National Voter Registration Act of 1993, which made it easier for millions of Americans to register. Republicans gained the upper hand by ensuring the passage of the 2002 Help America Vote Act, which, after the contested Bush v. Gore election in 2000, created minimum election administration standards but also introduced voter ID requirements for the first time, opening the door, Democrats said, to disenfranchisement.
More recently, states began to experiment with strengthening voting rules, often with partisan overtones. Arizona and Ohio began the voter ID trend in 2006, followed by Georgia and Indiana, and now another five states. Five of those laws have been at least partially struck down by courts for being too onerous.
The 2013 Supreme Court case, Shelby County v. Holder, in which the court reduced federal oversight of primarily Southern states, also unleashed laws in North Carolina and Texas that sought to add new requirements to the vote. Appellate courts struck parts of those laws down, as well. This week, the city of Pasadena, Texas, became the first to earn federal oversight since that ruling, after city officials drew district lines in ways that disadvantaged Latinos.
A federal judge concluded that new Texas voter ID rules risk excluding some 600,000 legal voters from exercising their right. Though the Supreme Court declined to take that case in January, Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts signaled that the court may take the case as early as next fall.
Voter restrictions were put into place in 17 Republican-led states after the 2012 election, including cutbacks on early voting, which is utilized more often by Democrats, studies have found.
The Supreme Court's role
For all the challenge to the right to vote, there are countervailing protections. For one, more states – such as Oregon and Colorado – have passed laws expanding ease of voting rather than constricting it. Another key protector, in fact, could be Trump's nominee to the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, who, according to colleagues, holds “fairness” as a key judicial barometer. Judges are less prone to be swayed by "alternative facts" than the public, critics note.
By all evidence, “[Judge] Gorsuch will … conceive of his job as to be controlled by the law and the facts,” says Ohio State's Mr. Foley, author of “Ballot Battles: The History of Disputed Elections in the United States.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
As voting rights skirmishes in the state build to a Supreme Court resolution, election law experts suggest that the underlying issue may in the end have little to do with partisan bickering.
“The question ultimately … should be: Does the state have the ability to make it harder to vote without a good reason for it?” says Professor Hasen, author of “The Voting Wars,” in an interview.
This story originally appeared on CityLab and is part of the Climate Desk collaboration.
Super-high king tides hammered homes and roads in Marin County, California this past winter, and residents can expect worse than rising seas threaten to super-soak their lives. If nothing is done to adapt, highways and utility connections eight miles inland in the mostly rural Bay Area county could get doused within 15 years, on top of hundreds of buildings inundated closer to shore. Tens of thousands of residents could be affected.
So when Marin County wanted to invite the public into the process of planning for that hazardous future two years ago, officials decided to try something different. Enter “The Game of Floods,” a choose-your-own-hazard-mitigation romp created by a team of local public works engineers and planners. Climate change may have its winners and losers, but this game—which earned Marin County a national award for public outreach by the American Planning Association on Wednesday—focuses on the value of collaboration and small steps in the face of a huge challenge.
Designed to be played at a community meeting or workshop, the Game of Floods invites residents to play the role of planning commissioners weighing adaptation strategies against the very wet future of a hypothetical “Marin Island.” It's a resource-management game, in the style of Settlers of Catan: There's a hexagonal playing board with colorfully mapped flood zones; players choose community “assets” that they commit to protecting, such as a seabird colony, a parking lot, or an electrical sub-station.
A facilitator reads aloud a gloomy synopsis of sea-level rise's impact on the island by 2050. Players think through strategies to accommodate, defend, or retreat from their chosen parcels, signaling their choices with some sweet stickers—a flood wall there, a zoning change there. A guide that outlines the costs, environmental trade-offs, and human impacts teaches them about the outcomes of their decisions. There aren't individual victory points; the game is “won” after every player presents their visions to the rest of the group, which deliberates to choose the best overall strategy to protect the island. (Sorry, no “Longest Flood Wall” here.)
Team deliberation can be tough, says Alex Westhoff, a planner with the Marin County Community Development Agency, but it helps residents grasp what planners are tasked with when weighing decisions themselves. “It's the first adaptation game I'm aware of,” he says. “People definitely appreciate a fun and engaging approach to learning about this.”
“Fun” may not be the first word that comes to mind when planning for climate-change devastation. But Westhoff says the game succeeds in capturing players' attention, because it transforms what can feel like an overwhelming reality—planet-wide sea-level rise—into a series of specific bite-sized actions.
After presenting it to West Marin workshop participants in 2015, county staffers took the game to a handful of conferences around California. It caught the attention of planners, universities, and preservation societies. Agencies in other flood-vulnerable states, as well as the EPA and FEMA, requested copies, too. By now, Westhoff estimates some 1,500 people have now played the game in workshops and classrooms around the U.S. With grant funding, the county is turning the game's print-it-yourself materials into a formal box set available for purchase by libraries and schools.
Not only has the game helped expand awareness of community planning, feedback from players in Marin County may prove valuable as seeds of real-world adaptations. Westhoff says that many locals have showed their support through the game for nourishing eroded beaches with fresh sand and oyster habitats.
“It all boils down to getting a conversation started about a very important topic,” says Roberta Rewers, a senior communications coordinator for the APA. “It visualizes what could happen in a community, and it gets people thinking about how choices have impacts.”
The Bombay High Court on Friday dismissed a petition filed by one Gopal Shetye, whose rape conviction was overturned in appeal. He was seeking Rs 200 crore in damages from the state machinery.
A bench of Justice SC Dharmadhikari and Justice PD Naik passed the 88-page judgment after reserving it on March 20.
Case Background
According to the prosecution, Gopal Shetye was arrested on July 29, 2009, following an FIR filed by the complainant, who said in her statement that the accused's name was “Gopi” and he raped her while she was sleeping over a bridge near Ghatkopar Railway Station.
She identified the petitioner (accused) during the identification parade.
On May 31, 2010, Shetye was convicted of rape and sentenced to seven years in jail.
Although Shetye filed an appeal against his acquittal in 2010, it was finally allowed on June 10, 2015. By this time, Shetye had already spent seven years in jail.
The state filed an SLP in the Supreme Court against Shetye's acquittal, which was dismissed in October 2016.
Submissions and Observations
Petitioner's counsel Nilesh Ojha submitted that his client had to undergo mental agony on account of his wrongful detention in custody and his family life was completely ruined during the pendency of trial.
His wife married another man, his daughters were kept in an orphanage, he lost a respectable job and suffered an irreparable loss of reputation. Hence, the prayer for compensation.
The bench observed that the trial court had primarily relied on the statement of the rape victim who filed the complaint in order to convict Shetye.
While the appellate court had stated that there was “indeed a real substantial doubt” about the identity of the appellant as the culprit, so the trail court should have given him the benefit of doubt and acquitted him.
The court also noted that the acquittal was on account of infirmities in the evidence or inaction on the part of investigating agency and that the defence had not established that there was no sexual assault.
The bench observed: “When orders of acquittal in criminal cases are passed based on which claims for compensation and damages are instituted, then, it would have to be decided whether the acquittal is clear and doubtless. Acquittal by giving benefit of doubt is not an honourable acquittal.”
Thus, the petition was dismissed.
Read the Judgment here.
Scroll down for video
Fact or fiction? Mary Seacole was never a nurse
Across the river from the Houses of Parliament in London, a small yet significant ceremony took place last month.
As a few dignitaries looked on in the gardens of St Thomas' Hospital, a Church of England chaplain blessed the ground where a 10ft statue is to be erected next summer.
While few public artworks are treated with quite such reverence, all the great and good who gathered for the event were conscious that the £500,000 bronze will be the first public memorial to celebrate the ‘black pioneer nurse' Mary Seacole.
As actress Suzanne Packer, of the TV hospital drama Casualty, unveiled a plaque to mark the spot where the statue will stand, she warmly declared: ‘It makes me proud, as a black woman, to have such a powerful and courageous role model.'
Sceptics, however, have been quick to point out another, more controversial, reason why the actress's involvement in the ceremony may have been fitting.
Packer's TV role, as nurse Tess Bateman, is of course fictional - and so, too, I am afraid to say, are most of the claims made for Mary Seacole.
Indeed, the planned statue might better be viewed not as a monument to a giant of nursing, but as a symbol to the way in which history is being twisted, even falsified, to fit a political agenda.
In the case of Mary Seacole, the cause is to promote her as an early black heroine who lovingly tended British troops in the Crimean War.
Indeed, Seacole's supporters, including the BBC, the Royal College of Nursing (RCN), reputable publishers and school exam boards, seem determined to elevate this Victorian businesswoman and adventurer almost to the status of a modern-day saint. But the truth is that she was never a nurse.
Although school history books now treat her as an equal to Florence Nightingale, Seacole never nursed in a hospital, did not start a nursing school, never wrote books or articles on nursing. Indeed, she never did anything to rival Nightingale's truly pioneering work to improve healthcare.
Yet while her modern cheerleaders champion Seacole as ‘the real angel of the Crimean War', and the RCN parades her as a role model, Florence Nightingale, who founded the nursing profession, is being increasingly undervalued and even denigrated.
As an academic who has edited Nightingale's writings, I have been left baffled, frustrated and wearied by the refusal of the pro-Seacole lobby to recognise historical facts.
It was Nightingale who reformed hospital practice and went on to save countless millions of lives with her bold reforms.
Contemporary: A cartoon above from 1857 shows Seacole - who was a merchant more than a nurse - selling magazines to wounded soldiers in Crimea. The term vivandière - used at the top - was used to describe women who sold food, drink and other items to warring soldiers
But in the name of political correctness, nursing's greatest figure is depicted as a stick-in-the-mud and even a racist, while Seacole's undoubted qualities of kindness and compassion are over-praised.
And woe betide those who dare to raise the question of accuracy.
When, as Education Secretary, Michael Gove tried to have Seacole removed from the curriculum last year, he came under concentrated fire from opponents who accused him of wanting more ‘white British males' in the syllabus.
So, who was Mary Seacole?
Born in 1805, she came from a fairly privileged background. Though she is now described as a black Jamaican, she was three-quarters white, the daughter of a Scottish soldier and a mixed-race Jamaican woman who ran Blundell Hall, one of the more salubrious hotels in the Caribbean island's capital, Kingston.
Smeared: Florence Nightingale, the real pioneer of nursing, has been depicted in television programmes shoving and snubbing Mary Seacole in the Crimea, when in fact she did the opposite
Video courtesy of Brigham Young University
Despite efforts to portray her as an early black heroine, she had a white husband, a white business partner and white clientele.
As for her ‘nursing' prowess, the young Seacole learnt herbal healing from her mother, who worked as a ‘doctress' (healer), and gleaned informal tips from doctors staying with her family.
Her expertise in this area, however, can only be taken on faith. There is no hard evidence.
As for the herbal ‘remedies' she used for cholera, for instance, she described in her memoirs how she added lead acetate and mercury chloride. Both are highly toxic, cause dehydration and produce the opposite effect to the treatments used by doctors today.
Widespread:
Misinformation: A BBC learning site aimed at children, above, states as fact that Seacole went to the Crimea to help soldiers, rather than as a business venture
Mary married a merchant, Edwin Seacole, and after she became a young widow, opened the grandly-titled British Hotel in Panama - actually a ramshackle building with a large dining room, one bedroom and a barber's shop.
Much of her custom came from Americans heading for the Gold Rush and crossing the Panama isthmus as a quick route from the east coast of the U.S. to the goldfields of California.
An enterprising woman, Seacole put some of her profits into gold stocks and, when these started to fail, decided to go to London to investigate why.
It was only after two months without success in the gold business that she decided to try for a job as an army nurse - motivated by an impulse to help and to become, as she put it, a ‘heroine'.
But it was too late to join Nightingale and her team of nurses or even attach herself to the second group that went out to the Crimea.
She then hit upon a scheme for a ‘British Hotel' near Balaclava in Crimea, well-situated to serve British officers involved in the siege of Russian-held Sevastopol as the Crimean War raged.
Building: The above sketch shows the construction Seacole had built in Crimea - intended mainly for officers
Instead of gold prospectors, her clients would now be army officers.
A friend quickly dissuaded her from actually offering beds, and she decided to concentrate on the much more lucrative business of selling food and wine, and catering for dinner parties.
It was while travelling to Crimea that she met a doctor who knew Florence Nightingale and gave her a letter of introduction.
Soon after arriving in Scutari, where the British nurse was at work, Seacole put this to use. Why she sought out Nightingale is not clear but, like many, she was an admirer of her work.
As she recorded in her memoirs, The Wonderful Adventures Of Mrs Seacole In Many Lands, Nightingale asked her warmly: ‘What do you want, Mrs Seacole? Anything we can do for you? If it lies in my power, I shall be very happy.'
Lady with the lamp: Florence Nightingale - who cared for soldiers professionally, massively reformed standards of care and set up her own nursing school - is being increasingly forced aside in favour of Seacole
Although the Scutari Barrack Hospital was overcrowded and the nurses badly overworked, Seacole was found a bed for the night.
The next day, after breakfast was brought to her, she continued on her voyage to Balaclava.
However, this is not how today's equality activists prefer to tell the story about their heroine.
Just look, for example, at the version presented by Horrible Histories, the BBC's supposedly educational children's show. It depicts Nightingale elbowing Seacole out of the way, and has the Jamaican woman complain that she was turned down four times to join her staff.
This is complete nonsense.
Seacole had, in fact, gone to Crimea to start her business and didn't ask once for a job.
Worse is the racist dialogue that the BBC programme falsely puts in Nightingale's mouth. ‘The nursing corps is for British girls!' cries this TV version. ‘You're from Jamaica!'
What's more, Horrible Histories claims that Seacole went on to build a ‘hostel' with her own money to care for British soldiers.
The less heroic reality is that she went to Crimea in the spring of 1855 to set up a provisions store that sold luxury items (such as tinned lobster) to officers, and a restaurant and bar where they could dine and drink champagne.
It was hardly fare for rank and file soldiers.
Rather than ministering to the sick and wounded, Seacole's main work by day was food preparation.
Mythical: Seacole was an exciting woman, but it is dishonest to describe her as a nurse, and myths about her life are being taught in schools as fact
To be fair to her, it is true that on three occasions during the nearly year-long siege of Sevastapol, she did visit the battlefield, where she sewed the wounds of injured men - and sold ham sandwiches and bottles of wine to spectators.
I don't wish to be critical of what this exciting woman did, but it is dishonest to pretend she had anything to do with real nursing.
The further travesty is that British children are not just being fed these historical lies at school, but forced to recite them to pass exams.
One recent GCSE paper, for instance, set by the Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examination Board (OCR) required students to ‘briefly describe the career of Mary Seacole'.
In the outline of an ideal answer provided for markers, eight ‘facts' are highlighted. Five of these are incorrect and three have minor inaccuracies. One of the more egregious is that her ‘British Hotel' is promoted into a fully fledged hospital, the ‘British Hospital', by the exam board.
This is far from an isolated case.
A children's exercise book published by Cambridge University Press states that Seacole ‘worked as a nurse and saved many lives'. Indeed, I have found 14 books published for schoolchildren which offer false information and misleading pictures.
Some depict Seacole in the blue dress and white apron that was later the nurses' uniform at Nightingale's nursing school. In fact shee never wore those clothes, any more than she was a ‘doctor' or a ‘midwife', as some books claim. These are wild fictions, which have no place in any education system.
The irony is that Britain does boast the greatest pioneer nurse of all - the woman who founded the first nursing school, who revolutionised hospital architecture to bring light and clean air into the wards, and even reformed military catering by getting the Army to start cooking schools.
But Florence Nightingale, of course, was born into the white English upper class.
Little does it matter to the equality zealots that Nightingale actually deserves to be hailed as a multicultural heroine. For it was she who exposed high death rates in colonial schools and hospitals, and for years promoted healthcare in India.
Of course, nurses from ethnic minorities should have historical role models and there are plenty of suitable figures. But Mary Seacole is not one of them.
A wonderful example is Kofoworola Abeni Pratt, probably the first black nurse in the NHS when it began in 1948.
She trained at the Nightingale school, went on to be appointed vice-president of the International Council of Nurses and eventually became the first Nigerian to be chief nurse in her own country.
With justification, Kofo Pratt is known as ‘Africa's Florence Nightingale' - and she developed her skills in Britain. Surely that is something to celebrate.
Her story may not be as thrilling as the daredevil tales of the Crimean battlefield. But history has a duty to be honest, to relate the facts as they happened, not to celebrate fictional exploits that suit the political point which campaigners want to make.
So let's have a statue to Mary Seacole, by all means. But let it be one without the ‘pioneer nurse' claim - and not at the hospital where Florence Nightingale really did pioneer nursing.
It's no secret that public transit in the US is struggling to grow. There are, however, a few cities, including Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, that are managing to slow the downward trend relative and provide strong rider experience that is keeping more riders with the service.
What is this Pennsylvanian city doing to keep people riding at a rate that's 92 per cent higher than the national average? It is continuing to implement new solutions and not shying away from the challenges that transit agencies face. This is where Pittsburgh's Port Authority and city government excels, and their success provides key lessons that other cities and transit agencies should heed.
With the 26th largest public transit system in America – largely reliant on buses – Pittsburgh is a bit of an unlikely candidate for such a high rate of ridership. When looking closer, it becomes apparent that the city and Port Authority's continued commitment to address issues and develop new strategies and services makes this transit system stand out.
Ride-hailing apps, like Uber and Lyft, have varying impacts on transit ridership around the country. The effects differ depending on location and mode – with bus networks seeing more of a negative impact than rail due in part to their first/last mile focus that directly competes with the ride hailing model. Pittsburgh has been lucky, because studies have found that the apps are having negligible impacts on transit in the city – except late night-buses and a bus route to the airport, which have seen declines.
Rather than accept that riders will continue to choose TNC's over public transit, the Port Authority is actively working on ways to bring riders back and is evaluating better ways to co-exist with ride-sharing companies. One such example is adding luggage racks on buses that travel to and from the airport, to improve the experience for riders who might be lured by the ease of taking an Uber to the airport rather than dealing with where to store suitcases on a bus.
The city also recently appointed a mobility & infrastructure director , Karina Ricks - to work with residents and transit agencies to figure out the best way to improve transportation throughout Pittsburgh. The city's mayor Bill Peduto created the Department of Mobility & Infrastructure and appointed Ricks as the Department's director, after a study found that none of the city's government agencies had direct oversight of transportation issues. This willingness to find solutions and restructure government agencies to better serve transportation needs is a great example of what makes the city excel.
Innovative new services are also integral to Pittsburgh's success. The Port Authority recently rolled-out a bus-to-bike option for commuters that will allow them to switch directly from a bus to a bike offered through the city's bike share, for a free ride to their final destination. Seamlessly combining different transportation options directly benefits riders by providing a better overall experience. The simpler an agency can make the journey for riders, the more inclined riders will be to use the service – especially when it's often a much more economical option than alternatives like ride-sharing.
This innovation isn't limited to the Port Authority. Mayor Peduto's office also hasn't hesitated to implement new ideas that might improve rider experience. One such initiative involves a partnership between the mayor's Office and the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership that will rearrange traffic flow for vehicles, buses and pedestrians on the city's busy Liberty Avenue. The project will add a dedicated bus lane for outbound buses – minimising delays – and add a sidewalk extension that separates pedestrians from those waiting for a bus, reducing sidewalk bottlenecks.
The end result should provide a much-needed reduction in congestion for the thousands of Pittsburgh commuters that walk or ride along the street each day. The mayor's willingness to invest in new ideas and take calculated risks to improve traffic flow is the type of initiative that other cities should replicate to solve their own transportation dilemmas.
Pittsburgh has managed to become a top city for public transit use due to the willingness of city officials to collaborate, experiment and face challenges directly. It's a sentiment that cities around the country should replicate as they combat the downward trend that plagues many transit systems. Recent budget cuts to the Port Authority threaten Pittsburgh's success due to imminent service cuts, but the city's proven track record of innovating in response to challenges positions it well to find cost-saving ways to mitigate issues and continue to improve service for riders.
Brian Zanghi is chief executive of the transport ticketing company Masabi.
Frying Pan Lightship and Light Tower
The Frying Pan Shoals are a long, shifting area of shoals off the coast of Cape Fear in North Carolina, United States. The shoals have been a hazard to ships in the area since the beginning of European exploration of the area; the area is littered with shipwrecks. The southern edge of the shoals have been marked by a lightship, a light tower and a buoy. From May 1994 to August 2008, over 130 new shipwreck locations have been discovered in the area encompassing Frying Pan Shoals. The area is also a great fishing destination.[vague][citation needed]
In May 2010, the United States government sold the Frying Pan Shoals Light Station through a sealed bid auction.{{cn{{ The winning bidder (Richard Neal, a private US citizen) stated that he plans to renovate and return the light station to use as a private rental property. The tower as it is known by locals[who?] is significant not only for its longevity but also since when out of sight of land, it is a commonly referenced location[according to whom?] and as such is marked on many navigation charts with its GPS coordinates (33° 29' N 77° 35.5' W).
In August 2011, the Frying Pan Tower was directly hit[citation needed] by Hurricane Irene with measured winds of 67 MPH and waves of 28 ft. An observational flight the day after the storm, August 28, 2011, showed that the tower had no visible damage from the impact. [1] It was listed in an article in Time Magazine on light houses that have been restored to bed and breakfast facilities.
In November 2012, Hurricane Sandy went within a few dozen miles of the Frying Pan Tower but due to its being a [low-category|Saffir–Simpson_scale] storm at the time, the only issue was a few disturbed ceiling tiles due to a window being left open[citation needed]. Since 2010, the Frying Pan Tower (light station) has been privately owned by Richard Neal and has been re-opened as a functioning but "rustic" bed and breakfast that has volunteers, guests and news crews coming out to experience the beauty of the ocean, a near perfect[vague] "dark sky" for viewing the Milky Way and large and varied fish species and turtles. Frying Pan Shoals Light Station is one of 15 light stations off the United States coastline most of which have been dismantled or destroyed by weather and time[citation needed].
In September 2018, the Shoals were in the path of Hurricane Florence. Media coverage in the hours before the storms landfall noted the American flag on Frying Pan Tower being torn to shreds by the extreme conditions as the hurricane approached. This could be seen live from an Explore.org camera io the tower.[2][3][4]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Alex Marshall is a marketeer, web developer and designer and enjoys being creative and has a keen interest in technology, and is fascinated by both new hardware and software. He also likes retro technology, classic cars and in his spare time enjoys traveling. He is immersed in the world of Java, PDF and HTML5 but loves to explore other areas in the world of tech.
At IDR Solutions we are big Raspberry Pi fans and when we have some spare time we like to create side projects to use with the Raspberry Pi. When I first heard that the Raspberry Pi Zero had been released I was surprised that the Raspberry Pi Foundation could have released such a wonderful piece of hardware and at such a low price.
Seeing as it was so cheap, I thought that this was a perfect gift to get myself and some of my friends for Christmas.
When I get my new Pi I want to start programming straight away. To help me get started I decided to research some of the different kinds of projects that you can create on an entry level Raspberry Pi. I was looking for projects that are easy for beginners (maybe with a little help) as they are a really great way of learning more about programming and the different programming languages.
Gaming on the Pi
One of the coolest things that you can do with your Raspberry Pi is to turn it into a Gaming Console. This will especially be fun if you are a fan of the older consoles such as the: nes, Nes, Sega Master System, ZX Spectrum…the list goes on.
The RetroPie Project is an excellent project whose main goal is to turn the Raspberry Pi into a dedicated retro-gaming console. The project uses Raspbian as the Operating System and integrates emulators, to simulate different computer systems from a variety of different eras.
You can learn how to set up the Retro Pi from the Github page.
This expands upon the Retro Pi. This is a graphical and theme-able emulator front-end that allows you to access all your favorite games in one place. EmulationStation conveniently offers installers that you can use or you can build one yourself.
Music on the Pi
If you are like me, then you love listening to music whilst working and in your spare time. I also enjoy listening to podcasts, but did you know that you can easily play Spotify, SoundCloud, Google Music, Podcasts, Web radio and Subsonic using the Raspberry Pi if your tunes are on the cloud.
The Pi MusicBox, allows you to create a cheap standalone streaming music player for Spotify, Google Music, SoundCloud, Webradio, Podcasts and other music from the cloud. You can also get your music from your own devices in your own network. Best thing is that this application is feature rich. You can control the music from your couch using a phone, tablet, laptop or PC. You can learn more at Pi Musicbox homepage and follow this handy tutorial on getting started.
Media on the Pi
Some days you just want to watch movies at home; did you know that the Raspberry Pi can easily play media including music (which we covered with the Pi MusicBox), movies, TV shows, view pictures, watch live TV and much, much more.
Kodi is a free and open source (licensed under a GPL License) software media center for playing videos, music, pictures, games, etc. Kodi runs on the Pi and features a 10-foot user interface for use with televisions and remote controls. Using Kodi you can view most videos, music, podcasts, and other digital media files from local and network storage media and the internet.
You can learn more about how to get it set up on your Raspberry Pi on the Kodi Wiki.
Cloud Storage on the Pi
Have you ever wanted your own Cloud Storage at home, but do not want to pay for any expensive hardware or have to rely on Cloud Storage firms? Then have no fear because you can do that with the Pi too.
OwnCloud
OwnCloud is a self hosted Cloud storage solution that provides access to your data through a web interface and gives you a platform which you can use to to view, sync and share across multiple devices easily. It is easily implemented on the Pi.
Pi My Life had a useful guide on how to set one up on your Pi.
Pictures on the Pi (with a Twist)
If you are a fan of digital photo frames and the convenience it offers then you might like to know that you can use the Raspberry Pi in a similar fashion.
Cameron Wiebe did an interesting project previously with the Pi in which a few bash scripts were used to create a Raspberry Pi powered picture viewer. This project drew the images from DeviantArt on a regular basis. If your interested you can learn more on Camerons Wiebe website.
Star Wars on the Pi
With all the talk about Star Wars lately, I thought it might be worth mentioning that you can recreate the Star Wars Universe on your Raspberry Pi.
Martin O'Hanlon who is the co-author of Adventures in Minecraft did a talk on ‘Hacking Minecraft' for the Raspberry Pi's 3rd birthday party. He featured a really cool section which recreated the key scenes from Star Wars Episode 4: A New Hope in the Minecraft Pi Edition.
If you want to try it yourself you can get the code of Github and follow the instructions on Martins Blog.
Other Things to do with the Raspberry Pi
If you are looking for some associated articles on the Raspberry Pi why not check out some of the articles which I previously wrote:
Top 8 IDEs for Programmers, Coders and Beginners on the Raspberry Pi
6 Cool things to do with a Raspberry Pi over Christmas
6 Cooler things to do with a Raspberry Pi in the Spring
We also covered some articles on the blog relating to the Raspberry Pi:
Remotely deploy projects to the Raspberry Pi using NetBeans IDE
Other Raspberry Pi articles
The share of English speakers in Quebec has decreased — not increased — since 2011, according to figures released by Statistics Canada on Thursday after an error in how the 2016 census responses were counted was discovered.
The new numbers show the share of Quebecers with English as their only mother tongue decreased to 7.5 per cent from 7.7 per cent in 2011, rather than the increase to 8.1 per cent that was first indicated when the language results from the 2016 census were released earlier this month.
A shrinking share of Quebecers say English is the language they speak most often at home, decreasing to 9.7 per cent from 9.8 per cent. The initial figures had shown this number had increased to 10.4 per cent.
The figures were recalculated after it was discovered that a computer error caused roughly 61,000 Canadians who reported their mother tongue as French to instead be counted as English speakers.
The error was primarily limited to French speakers in Quebec who submitted incomplete census filings.
Boxes for language were placed in a different order on the French and English forms, but the computer program counting these forms did not take this into account.
Questions raised about numbers
Statistics Canada found the mistake after questions were raised by English-language groups in Quebec that could not explain the explosion in the number of anglophones in several predominantly francophone communities in the province.
For example, it had initially been indicated that the number of anglophones in Quebec City had increased by 5,700 — growth that has now been corrected to just 100. In Rimouski, the growth of the number of English speakers was cut in half.
The order of language was flipped depending on whether the form was filled out in French or English, leading to the computer's counting error. (CBC)
But concerns that the census had similarly shown an erroneous decrease in francophones outside Quebec in certain communities, such as Sudbury, Ont., proved unfounded. The errors were limited almost entirely to Quebec.
While the share of anglophones in Quebec has declined since 2011, the absolute number grew — but by a much smaller amount. Rather than a growth of nearly 57,000 Quebecers who reported English as their only mother tongue, the number grew by only about 2,000.
As a result of the corrections, the national numbers shifted only marginally as well. The share of Canadians who are bilingual is 17.9 per cent, rather than 18 per cent. The numbers also showed slightly more francophones outside Quebec than had been the case in the initial release.
Errors are 'very rare'
In Quebec, the number who speak French most often at home was corrected to 79 per cent from the 78.3 per cent first reported. But that is still a decrease from the 80 per cent recorded in 2011.
"Errors are very rare, but they can happen," said Marc Hamel, director general of the census population program, at a technical briefing Thursday morning. "We will do a review and validation process to make sure that these processes can catch a system error down the line.
"We know that the information from the census is used for decision making and planning at all levels, says Hamel. "So we want to make sure that people can rely on these results."
Gone uncovered, the error could have had real world consequences as government funding decisions can be influenced by the census — particularly for funding related to minority languages.
And in Quebec, where language has been a delicate political issue, the initial findings reporting an increase in the use of English had some immediate political repercussions. Both the Parti Québécois and Bloc Québécois used the figures to argue for strengthened laws to protect the French language.
While the surprising numbers might have contributed to their urgency, those calls are unlikely to decrease now that the corrected numbers still indicate French is in decline in Quebec.
Earlier this week, clinical-stage drug developer Zogenix (NASDAQ:ZGNX) updated results from studies evaluating the use of low-dose fenfluramine in patients with a rare form of epilepsy called Dravet syndrome. The company's results may demonstrate that this drug, which was once the "fen" part of the failed obesity drug fen-phen, controls seizures in patients better than GW Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:GWPH) marijuana-based drug, Epidiolex.
First, a bit of background
Dravet syndrome is a rare and tough-to-treat form of epilepsy. It's typically diagnosed within a child's first year of life following frequent fever-related seizures. Typically, Dravet syndrome patients lag in language and motor skills development, and it's resistant to commonly used anti-seizure medications.
The frequency of seizures in Dravet syndrome patients and the associated developmental conditions are chronic, and therefore, Dravet syndrome patients require considerable care, and the prognosis for them is poor. An estimated 16,000 people are diagnosed with Dravet syndrome in the U.S. and Europe.
Marijuana's benefit
GW Pharmaceuticals has spent years evaluating Epidiolex, a purified formulation of CBD, the second most common chemical cannabinoid found in marijuana.
Epidiolex is thought to help reduce the number of seizures epileptics experience by having an effect on the nervous system that is yet to be fully understood.
Nevertheless, GW Pharmaceuticals reported data from a late-stage study of Epidiolex in 120 Dravet syndrome patients earlier this year showing that using Epidiolex reduced monthly seizures by 39%. The percentage decline in monthly seizures for patients receiving a placebo was only 13%.
That's a remarkable finding, and if another study that is expected to read out data in June confirms Epidiolex's efficacy, then GW Pharmaceuticals could be in position to file this drug for FDA approval within the coming year.
And, even better
Epidiolex could conceivably become available to patients sooner, but Zogenix said this week that Dravet syndrome patients receiving its low-dose fenfluramine liquid, ZX008, saw the number of their major motor seizures drop by 75% per month.
As a refresher, fenfluramine is a serotonin releasing drug that gained widespread notoriety in the 1990s, when it was combined with phentermine and sold as a drug for weight loss. Patients treated with the fen-phen combination were found to have a far greater risk of developing heart problems, including pulmonary hypertension. After the FDA determined that deaths in patients taking fen-phen were related to the drug, it pulled the drug from the market in 1997.
Despite that ominous track record, Zogenix's findings for fenfluramine's use in Dravet syndrome patients is compelling.
Specifically, ZX008 was dosed as an add-on therapy in nine subjects who started treatment at various times between 2010 and 2016. The median duration of ZX008 taken by these patients is 1.5 years, and in the 90 days before beginning ZX008 therapy, the median number of monthly seizures these patients reported was 15. After ZX008 was added to their therapy, however, the median seizure rate fell to 1.5 per month. Six of the nine patients participating in this study saw their seizures decline by at least 70%.
Zogenix also reports that quality of life for ZX008 patients, as recorded by caregivers on a scale of 0 (extremely bad) to 10 (very good), was 7.4.
Most importantly, Zogenix says that there weren't any cardiovascular issues experienced by these patients, something that's critical given the fen-phen disaster.
Looking forward
Both Epidiolex and ZX008 may prove to be effective, but only Epidiolex has proved itself in large, late-stage studies that could serve as a basis for a FDA approval. A large, late-stage study of ZX008, however, is currently enrolling 130 patients, and results from it could be available in the next 12 months.
Assuming that ongoing Epidiolex and ZX008 studies confirm findings so far, Dravet syndrome patients may have new treatment options available to them for the first time that offer significant benefit, and that's something worth cheering.
Aaron reviews the Nokia Lumia 1520, the first phablet device to land on Microsoft's mobile platform. Featuring a 2.2 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 800 CPU, the Lumia 1520 packs a 6-inch 1080p HD display, 20-megapixel camera with 1080p HD recording, 2 GB of RAM, 32 GB of internal storage, Windows Phone 8, and 4G LTE connectivity. It's available in yellow, black, white, and red at AT&T for $199.99 with a two-year contract.
The Lumia 1520 is a force to be reckoned with in the Windows Phone space. The battery life is quite solid and the display is gorgeous - but in comparison to other large smartphones on the market, it lacks software features that take advantage of the larger display. Can update internals and a beautiful display bring people to the platform? Part 1 of 2.
The health care crowd in the Beltway is abuzz this morning with press reports that president-elect Donald Trump has named Georgia Congressman Tom Price, M.D. as Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. In a related move, he will name longtime Mike Pence aide Seema Verma to the critical role of administrator of the Center for Medicare and Medicaid services. As a result, there's a raft of interest in how Obamacare "repeal and replace" will now proceed.
It's important to not get ahead of ourselves here and reflect on what a huge pro-taxpayer accomplishment Obamacare repeal will be. By all accounts, Obamacare will be off the books early in 2017, perhaps before the Patriots win their fifth Super Bowl in NRG Stadium in Houston on the first Sunday in February. Understandably, most of the attention has been focused on the health care aspects of this. But this action will be an enormous tax cut for the American people, with implications for tax reform later in the year.
There are about 20 new or higher taxes in Obamacare. All of them get repealed when Obamacare gets repealed. To review the major ones by group:
Mandate taxes. Famously, there is a tax for not complying with Obamacare's individual mandate. For most taxpayers, this tax is equal to 2.5 percent of adjusted gross income, or $2500 for a family of four making $100,000. There is also a tax for employers not complying with the employer mandate to provide care, but it's never really been implemented.
Marginal tax increase on savings and earnings. Obamacare has a twin pair of taxes on savings and earnings. The tax impacts married taxpayers making at least $250,000 ($200,000 for all others), without any inflation indexing. The first tax is a 3.8 percentage point surtax on savings, resulting in an actual capital gains and dividends rate of 23.8 percent. The second is an additional bracket in the Medicare payroll and self-employment tax (it was a flat 2.9 percent, but now all such earnings over the threshold are subject to a 3.8 percent rate).
In a post-Obamacare world, the capital gains and dividends top rate will decline overnight to 20 percent, and the payroll tax for Medicare will once again be a flat 2.9 percent of earnings.
"Cadillac plan" tax and medical device tax. Obamacare imposes a 40 percent excise tax on health insurance plans to the extent they exceed a statutory premium and other cost limit. The idea was to incentivize employers and individuals to choose less expensive plans. Congress delayed implementation of this tax as part of the permanent tax extenders bill at the end of 2015. Similarly, they delayed implementation of a tax on medical device manufacturers. Most policy wags believe that these taxes were never going to go into effect, but it's good to remove a tax increase Sword of Damocles from the body politic.
Tax hikes on tax advantaged healthcare savings accounts. There are a series of tax hikes on health savings accounts (HSAs) and flexible spending accounts (FSAs) in Obamacare. First, salary deferrals to FSAs are limited to $2500 per employee (after repeal there will be no IRS limit). Second, these pre-tax health accounts cannot be used to purchase non-prescription, over-the-counter medicines (after repeal you can once again use your health debit card at CVS). Finally, Obamacare imposes a 20 percent non-medical early withdrawal surtax on HSA distributions (up from the 10 percent level there before). After repeal, all reverts to the status quo ante here.
High medical bills tax. Before Obamacare, those itemizing deductions on their taxes could deduct out-of-pocket medical expenses to the extent they exceeded 7.5 percent of income. Obamacare raised that to 10 percent of income. For various and sundry mathematical reasons, this tax increase falls squarely on sicker/older families making less than $100,000 annually. No Obamacare tax repeal is as much a direct help to the middle class as this one.
Tanning tax. Perhaps the most infamous Obamacare tax of all, the excise tax on indoor tanning sales has been a total flop, collecting far less in money than Congressional scorekeepers anticipated. This tax, which falls disproportionately on women-owned small businesses in economically modest areas, has been the butt of jokes on late night talk shows since 2009. Thankfully, the jokes end when Obamacare is repealed.
What will the impact of all this tax relief be? Congress has already passed a full repeal of Obamacare through reconciliation instructions (the process they will use in January 2017) once, back just a year ago. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) scored the net tax cut from full repeal at over $1 trillion over a decade, so it should be a little higher now.
To put that in context, CBO projects that tax revenues in total will bring in just under $42 trillion over that period, so the tax cut is pretty substantial even in the grand scheme of things.
More importantly, this net tax cut will reduce the revenue baseline for tax reform. When policymakers turn to tax reform later in the year, their revenue target (assuming revenue neutrality) won't be just under $42 trillion, but more like $40 trillion or $41 trillion. That makes it far easier to pursue pro-growth tax policy changes without running into scoring problems.
After repeal comes replace, which is of course the hard part. That's where soon to be Secretary Price will really earn his money. But it's worth pausing to consider the very exciting victory for taxpayers that Obamacare repeal alone will deliver.
A 58-year-old man with a 10-year history of idiopathic Parkinson's disease presented with an incapacitating freezing of gait (Panel A, ). The patient had severe difficulties initiating gait and was able to take only a few shuffling steps when provided with a visual cue (the examiner's foot placed in front of the patient). Attempts to walk evolved rapidly into forward festination and ultimately a fall to the ground. Axial turning was impossible. However, the patient's ability to ride a bicycle was remarkably preserved (Panel B, ). Gait freezing recurred instantaneously after he dismounted the bicycle. This striking kinesia paradoxica may be explained by the bicycle's rotating pedals, which may act as an external pacing cue. Alternatively, the motor-control mechanisms involved in gait as compared with other activities engaging the legs, such as cycling, could be affected differentially in Parkinson's disease. Cycling may offer a useful approach for exercise training in patients with Parkinson's who are “grounded” by severe freezing of gait. (Editor's note: In Video 2, the patient is not wearing a safety helmet because in the Netherlands, unlike the United States, wearing a safety helmet is neither required by law nor customary.)
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's said on Wednesday it welcomed a proposal by the incoming Philippine government for bilateral talks on the disputed South China Sea.
Members of Philippine Marines is pictured at BRP Sierra Madre, a dilapidated Philippine Navy ship that has been aground since 1999 and became a Philippine military detachment on the disputed Second Thomas Shoal, part of the Spratly Islands, in the South China Sea March 29, 2014. Picture taken March 29, 2014. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
China claims almost the whole of the South China Sea while the Philippines, Brunei, Vietnam, Malaysia and Taiwan have overlapping claims. The sea is rich in oil, gas and fish, and trade worth trillions of dollars passes through it each year.
Tension between the Philippines and China has risen as an international tribunal in the Hague prepares to deliver a ruling in the next few months in a case about the South China Sea lodged by Manila in 2013.
The Philippines is seeking a clarification of U.N. maritime laws that could undermine China's claims to 90 percent of the South China Sea. China has rejected the court's authority.
Philippines President-elect Rodrigo Duterte has backed multilateral talks to settle rows over the South China Sea that would include the United States, Japan and Australia as well as claimant nations.
He has also called on China to respect the 200 nautical mile Exclusive Economic Zone granted to coastal states under international law.
But he also said on Tuesday his country would not rely on long-term security ally the United States, signaling greater independence from Washington in dealing with China.
Duterte picks for foreign secretary, Perfecto Yasay, sounded a conciliatory note this week, saying he would like to resume bilateral talks with China.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said she welcomed the comments and hoped the new Philippines government could return to a track of bilateral talks, appropriately handle disputes and work hard for the healthy development of ties.
China hopes to get relations with the Philippines back on track, President Xi Jinping told Duterte this week.
To put it simply, doubt is the essence of knowledge. You have to have doubt in order to understand and discover. But the default position of conservatism is to accept and preserve rather than question, challenge or seek change. This means conservatives often misread the critical, questioning approach taken by good journalism and research-based education, seeing it in simplistic terms as ''left-wing'' bias.
There are important connections between the two spheres of journalism and scholarship. Both share the same broad mandate - to discover, to know - and both take much the same approach to achieving that through critical questioning, research and contrasting and checking sources.
Many people in conservative-held electorates, including in rural and regional Australia, rely upon and prefer the ABC. Research conducted by Newspoll last year found that about 80 per cent of Australians believe the ABC does a ''good job'' covering country and regional issues, compared with only 45 per cent for commercial media.
Although numerous internal and external studies of ABC content have found there is no systematic bias, conservative critics won't be convinced because they perceive bias in a more intangible way - as something that underlies the whole approach used at the ABC, rather than what is measurable (such as equal time or a right of reply).
Good journalism and good scholarship require a sceptical approach - to never take anything at face value or give anyone the benefit of the doubt. Always question, critique and look for problems because therein lies the potential for improvement and solutions.
Conservatives don't seem to understand the paradox: that the things they dislike about the ABC (and universities) are also the same things that make them value those institutions. That make them want to go to Oxford or Yale or to watch Four Corners instead of The Biggest Loser. If conservative critics got the changes they wanted, they wouldn't frequent those institutions as much as they do now because if those institutions were uncritical, deferential, celebratory of society as it is, they would no longer be prestigious universities or highly trusted public broadcasters. Their reputations and quality are based upon doing the intellectual hard work of doubting.
Politicians say they defer to popular will - ''the Australian people always get it right'' - except for when popular will don't suit their political agenda. In this case, the Australian public's support for both institutions is strong and clear. More Australians are attending university, while the ABC is the most trusted news organisation in the country.
Forty years ago, less than 5 per cent of Australians had a degree. If enrolments stay on trend, soon 40 per cent of the working-age population will have a bachelor's degree. Research by Universities Australia last year found that 88 per cent of people want their children to obtain a university education.
The $21.5k Ultimate Workstation
Meet the ultimate workstation. It's called the MWE Labs Emperor 1510LX and it'll set you back $21,500. It'll also set you back. Literally. As in, the chair reclines. Plus it's got tons of other features like a movable thigh rest, 5-monitor stand, Bose sound system, AND a cupholder. Cool, but for $21,500 this contraption should be doing all the work for me! You know, so I can focus on other more important things, like beating my highscore on Gauntlet, watching re-runs of Frasier, and online shopping for dog beds. I want to get one that looks like a couch! And then I'm going to situate it right next to my human-sized couch. It's gonna be hilarious! Trust me, I've thought about this one long and hard.
Via: arstechnica.com
(Image: S. Feeney and colleagues)
Update on 16 August 2011: The researchers ran additional statistical checks on the CMB data, looking at the probability that the bubbles would appear anywhere on the sky. Lead author Stephen Feeney says: “The current data favour no bubble collisions. However, a non-zero number of bubble collisions is still allowed, and there are four patches in the WMAP data where [signals of possible bubble universes] are higher than anything we expect from systematic errors due to instrumental effects, foreground-removal artefacts etc. With data from Planck we expect our pipeline to be sensitive to much weaker collision signals, so we should be able to test whether there is something there or whether they're just weird patches of CMB.” The updated analysis appears in Physical Review Letters (DOI: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.107.071301).
Original story published 17 December 2010:
Collisions between our cosmos and other universes may have left round “bruises” in a map of ancient cosmic radiation.
Advertisement
Our universe is thought to have expanded rapidly in a process called inflation in the first moments after the big bang. Some physicists suspect inflation is still happening, starting up in some regions while stopping in others, such as the part of the universe we live in. In this picture, called eternal inflation, new universes are continually popping into existence like bubbles in a vast, expanding sea of space-time.
Many of these universes should be carried away from one another as soon as they form. But universes born close together could collide if they are expanding faster than the space between them.
If our universe was hit by another bubble universe, the impact would release colossal bursts of energy. If this occurred before inflation ended in our patch of the universe, it could leave an imprint that might still be detectable today. Now Stephen Feeney of University College London and colleagues say they may have spotted such imprints in the cosmic microwave background (CMB), the all-sky glow that comes from photons emitted when the universe was less than 400,000 years old.
Hot and cold
A collision would alter how long inflation lasted in the impact zone. If the expansion continued for longer than it otherwise would, the density of matter in the impact zone would be lower than in surrounding regions. This would show up as a cold spot in the CMB. Conversely, a shorter period of inflation would create a warm spot in the CMB.
The team calculated the likely temperature profiles for such impacts and searched for them in CMB data from NASA's Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe.
The search turned up four circular patches, each spanning an area of sky equivalent to at least eight full moons (arxiv.org/abs/1012.1995 and arxiv.org/abs/1012.3667). One is a cold spot that had already been cited as evidence of another universe interacting with our own.
“There's no obvious, boring explanation for the features,” says team member Matthew Johnson of the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo, Canada.
Calling cards
If collisions with other universes did indeed create these patches, they should have left other calling cards in the CMB, such as a telltale signature in the orientation, or polarisation, of CMB photons. The European Space Agency's Planck satellite, which launched in 2009, should be able to detect these signs. Its first full maps of the sky are expected in 2012.
Even if just one of these spots turns out to be a bubble collision, it would be “a discovery of the first magnitude”, says Thomas Levi of the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada. The finding would bolster theories – such as string theory – that call for a vast number of universes with different properties.
“It is encouraging they found some candidates,” says Alexander Vilenkin of Tufts University in Medford, Massachusetts. But he adds that even if bubble universes exist, they might not form at a rate that would guarantee one would have collided with our universe.
In the history of the PGA Tour, there has been only one hole-in-one to date on a par-4 hole. It happened at TPC Scottsdale, home of the Phoenix Open (then called the FBR Open). And it happened in an amazing way.
We'll tell that story, plus list some of the other par-4 aces in professional golf. That includes the perhaps even-more-amazing story of back-to-back aces that included a par-4 hole-in-one.
Andrew Magee Made PGA Tour's Only Par-4 Ace So Far
The only hole-in-one on a par-4 hole so far in PGA Tour history? The hole was No. 17 at TPC Scottsdale, the year was 2001, the tournament was the Phoenix Open and the golfer was Andrew Magee. But the circumstances were anything but normal.
Magee, just an average driver of the ball, didn't think he'd be able to reach the green on the hole, which that day measured 332 yards from tee to green. So he didn't wait for the group ahead to clear the green. Instead, he teed up, and, steaming over a double bogey one hole earlier, muscled up. He let loose with the driver, and his golf ball went farther than he expected.
The ball went so far that it ran up onto the green while the group of Steve Pate, Gary Nicklaus (yes, Jack Nicklaus' son) and Tom Byrum were still putting. Magee's ball bounded onto the green and caught Pate by surprise, who jumped out of the way and warned Nicklaus a golf ball was coming. But Byrum was squatting down studying the line of his putt and failed to notice.
Magee's ball ran between Byrum's feet and struck Byrum's putter. The ball ricocheted off Byrum's putter, caromed about eight feet, and dropped right into the cup. Hole-in-one. Ace. And still the only par-4 ace on the PGA Tour, and surely one of the more unusual aces of any kind in tour history.
The incident also produced a fantastic quip from Nicklaus' caddie, Rusty Uresti, who said afterward, "It was the first putt Tom (Byrum) made all day."
Alas, no video exists of Magee's par-4 hole-in-one hitting Byrum's putter or dropping into the cup.
A couple other golfers have come very close to a par-4 ace on the PGA Tour:
In 2013, Jason Kokrak aced a 409-yard, par-4 hole at the PGA Tour's McGladrey Classic—but not in the tournament itself, rather in the pro-am that preceded the tournament.
At the 2015 Valero Texas Open, Aaron Baddeley did hole-out with driver from the tee on the par-4 17th hole. Ace, right? No! It was Baddeley's second drive on the hole. He hit his first one out of bounds. So that hole-out with the second drive gave him a score of 3 on the hole.
The First LPGA Tour Par-4 Hole-in-One
The first par-4 ace in LPGA history happened in 2016. At the Pure Silk Bahamas LPGA Classic, the eighth hole typically played 310 yards. But tournament organizers moved the tees way up one day so golfers could fire at the par-4 green. And they did, given that the hole played only 218 yards. And Ha Na Jang rolled her drive into the cup.
It took around 65 years for the first LPGA par-4 ace, but only a couple months for the second. Two months later, at the 2016 Kia Classic, Minjee Lee aced the 276-yard par-4 16th hole.
Other Tours' First Par-4 Holes-in-One (And a Bonus Ace)
The first par-4 ace on the Japan Tour happened in 1978. Tommy Nakajima holed-out his drive on the 341-yard, No. 1 hole in The Crowns tournament during the second round.
The first on the Web.com Tour was Chip Beck's in the 2003 Omaha Classic, on the 315-yard No. 9 hole during the first round.
The first on the European Tour was Javier Colomo's on the 329-yard No. 9 hole during the 2015 AfrAsia Bank Mauritius Open.
The first on the European Senior Tour was Guillermo Encina's in the 2003 Tunisian Seniors Open, on the 354-yard, No. 11 hole during the second round.
There has not yet been a par-4 hole-in-one on the Champions Tour.
Here's a bonus one worth mentioning: At the 2015 U.S. Mid-Amateur Championship, Sammy Schmitz aced the 290-yard, par-4 33rd hole to go dormie in the championship match. When he won it a hole later, it earned him a place in The Masters.
That Time a Tour Player Made Back-to-Back Aces—One of Them on Par-4
We said that the top that we'd share a story that is perhaps even more amazing's than Magee's PGA Tour par-4 hole-in-one.
That's because this story is about a tour golfer who made back-to-back aces on a consecutive hole, one of which was a par-4!
It was 1971 and the event happened on the precursor to the European Tour (which was founded a year later in 1972). The tournament was the Martini International, an event that existed from 1961-83 and was part of the European Tour from the beginning in 1972. Its winners included Peter Thomson, Christy O'Connor Sr., Peter Alliss, Greg Norman, Seve Ballesteros and Nick Faldo. It was legit, in other words.
The golfer was John Hudson, a journeyman English player who spent parts of several years on the Euro Tour and later played the European Senior Tour for several seasons.
So: John Hudson is playing the 1971 Martini International. It's the second round and Hudson reaches the 12th hole at Royal Norwich Golf Club in Norwich, England. It's a par-3, 195 yards. He chooses his 4-iron. And boom—hole-in-one.
Hudson proceeds to the next hole, the 13th, where he takes out driver because it's a par-4 (311 yards, downhill from an elevated tee box). And boom—that one rolls into the hole, too! Back-to-back aces, including one on a par-4. Amazing. I imagine Hudson felt both shaken and stirred.
Kim Jong-un has turned his back on the French wine and has acquired a taste instead for Vladimir Putin's vodka.
The North Korean dictator imported a total of $1million (£800,000) worth of alcohol in 2016 and appears to have a penchant for spirits, according to figures revealed exclusively to MailOnline.
Alcohol from other countries landing in North Korea is on the rise, but it appears Kim is hitting harder stuff than before with 10 times more rum arriving in 2016 compared to 2015.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un (centre) sifts through imports with his officials
Kim Jong-un makes a speech to the sycophantic crowd at the 7th Workers' Party Congress in Pyongyang this week. His chubby features are thought to be due to his love for cheese, chocolate and fine wine
Official statistics revealed he spent £139,000 on vodka last year, up $32,000 on 2015.
Half of the money he spends on booze is blown on regular wine, but the growth in his spirit imports suggest he is changing his ways.
Last year, the leader claimed to have downed 10 bottles of Bordeaux during one meal last year, but the figures show he has not imported a drop of French wine in four years.
The staggering statistics also show Kim Jong-un spent £2.7million last year on racy underwear for his band of groupies who are plucked as virgins to entertain him and his cronies.
The dictator imported suspenders and corsets among his huge haul from China, which is more than double the figure he spent last year.
They are said to have been ordered for his infamous Pleasure Squad, who are plucked from classrooms - some as young as 13 - and subjected to medical tests to check they are virgins before being forced into a life of sexual servitude.
Kim Jong-un reportedly blew £2.7million last year on sexy underwear for his Pleasure Squad
Defectors have spoken about attending drunken sex parties where women would have their pubic hair shaved as a forfeit if they lost games.
The figures come from the Trade Map and follows a report showing detailing how Kim Jong-un is also squandering millions on Champagne, horses and make-up while his people are struggling to make ends meet.
The UN says two million people are struggling to survive on meagre hand-outs from the state.
It says the daily allowance is 650 grams of maize, rice and meat.
But the despot is spending fortunes on Champagne, fines wines, chocolate and Swiss cheese.
Last year, Kim also blew £33million on vain statues of himself, his father Kim Jong-il and grandfather Kim il-Sung.
Kim signed off imports worth £5.5m from German firms in 2015, including £235,000 on spirits, £113,000 on wines and Champagne and £56,500 on German beer.
Kim Jong-un is reportedly obsessed with Emmenthal (pictured), which is specially imported from Switzerland
There were also orders for £123,442 worth of perfumes, deodorants, make-up and hair care products from Germany.
Another £57,229 went on watches from Switzerland, £66,882 on imported cheeses, £251,726 on fishing rods from China and £132,452 on horses from Russia.
The bizarre list of imports included £1.65m worth of umbrellas from China, £8.03m on pepper and £2.34m on gym equipment.
The figures are from an International Trade Centre Map.
Kim is reported to have developed a craving for Emmental cheese and fine wines while studying in Switzerland.
In 2014 it was reported that he was suffering gout, a form of arthritis which is linked to debauchery and an over-indulgent lifestyle.
North Korea's ruling party is holding its first congress since 1980, amid speculation Kim will conduct a fifth nuclear test.
Kim took over the leadership in Pyongyang in 2011 and is expected to be 'crowned' with a formal title like his father and grandfather.
Kim il-Sung, founder of the Democratic Republic of Korea, created his own personality cult and was known as the Great Leader.
His son Kim Jong-il was known as the Dear Leader during his 1994-2011 reign.
It remains to be seen what title Kim Jong-un will give himself but there seems no end in sight to the personality cult or dynastic communism.
Liberal campaign against Anne Aly backfired, WA Premier Colin Barnett admits
Updated
Federal Liberal Party criticism of counter-terrorism expert and Labor candidate Anne Aly was inappropriate and backfired during the federal election campaign, West Australian Premier Colin Barnett has said.
The State Opposition used Parliamentary debate on a counter-terrorism bill to demand an apology from WA federal MPs Michael Keenan and Julie Bishop, and WA Senator Mathias Cormann, for their criticism of Dr Aly during her ultimately successful campaign for the federal seat of Cowan.
A pioneer of anti-radicalisation programs in Australia, Dr Aly was accused by the Liberal MPs of lending support to extreme Islamic preacher Junaid Thorne.
The Liberal criticisms centred on Dr Aly's decision to write a submission to a New South Wales court ahead of the sentencing of Thorne for taking flight under a false name.
Dr Aly suggested Thorne could be a candidate for her deradicalisation program, which is funded by the federal Attorney-General's department.
Mr Keenan described Ms Aly's submission as "poor judgement".
WA Opposition defence spokesman Paul Papalia said the criticism of Dr Aly was "cowardly" and "disgraceful."
Mr Papalia also criticised Mr Barnett for not speaking out against the criticism, claiming Mr Barnett was aware of Dr Aly's extensive work in developing a program to discourage radicalisation of young Muslims in Australia.
Speaking to reporters today, Mr Barnett said he had not met and did not personally know Dr Aly but said "she strikes me as a very decent person".
Mr Barnett said he did not agree with the tactics used against Dr Aly in her campaign against the sitting Liberal member Luke Simpkins.
"I don't think that campaign tactic was the right thing to do, but it's a federal campaign and I have had no involvement in it at all," he said.
"It didn't work. If anything it backfired."
Mr Barnett did not believe the federal Liberal MPs involved owed her an apology.
He said having won the election for the seat of Cowan, she could pursue the matter if she wished.
"She's now a federal member of Parliament. If she feels aggrieved she can raise it herself."
Topics: federal-election, government-and-politics, wa
First posted
For the 2001 biography of Theodore Roosevelt, see Theodore Rex (book)
Theodore Rex, also known as T. Rex,[4][5] is a 1995[6] buddy cop science-fiction family film written and directed by Jonathan Betuel and starring Whoopi Goldberg. Though originally intended for theatrical release, the film went direct-to-video, and consequently became the most expensive direct-to-video film ever made at the time of its release.[7][8][9]
The film was not well-received,[5][10] and saw Whoopi Goldberg being nominated for Worst Actress at the 1996 Golden Raspberry Awards.[11] It is the first, and so far only, direct-to-video movie to receive any sort of Razzie nomination.[12]
Plot [ edit ]
In an alternate futuristic society where humans and anthropomorphic dinosaurs co-exist, a tough police detective named Katie Coltraine (Whoopi Goldberg) is paired with a Tyrannosaurus named Theodore Rex (George Newbern) to find the killer of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals leading them to a ruthless billionaire bent on killing off mankind by creating a new ice age.
Cast [ edit ]
Puppeteers [ edit ]
Voices [ edit ]
George Newbern – Theodore Rex (voice)
Carol Kane – Molly Rex (voice)
Hayward O. Coleman – Oliver Rex, Tina the Waitress (voices)
Jan Rabson – Tina Rex (voice)
Additional Voices provided by Billy Bowles, Rodger Bumpass, Jennifer Darling, Denise Dowse, Bill Farmer, Anne Lockhart, Sherry Lynn, Mickie McGowan, Patrick Pinney, and Philip Proctor.
Reception [ edit ]
Theodore Rex received negative reviews from critics and audiences. Reviewer Luke Baldock called it "a horrific mess of a movie. It starts with an opening crawl and narration that tells us 'Once upon a time in the future...' already it's losing me."
In a 2015 interview with the Brazilian newspaper Folha de S.Paulo, Goldberg stated that this is the only film she regrets ever having done: "Don't ask me why I did it, I didn't want to", she said.[13]
Goldberg lawsuit [ edit ]
Though Whoopi Goldberg had made a verbal agreement to star in the film in October 1992, she attempted to back out. Abramson filed a US$20 million lawsuit against Goldberg, which was settled quickly. Goldberg agreed to star in the film for $7 million,[2] $2 million more than the amount originally agreed upon.[7]
One of the attorneys on the case described this as being similar to the legal battle of Kim Basinger when she backed out of the film Boxing Helena.[7]
Distribution [ edit ]
The film was originally intended for theatrical release in North America; New Line Cinema initially wanted to release it to coincide with Goldberg's hosting stint at the Academy Awards that year. New Line ultimately decided that it was in their best interests to release the film direct-to-video. This decision came as a result of failed test screenings in Las Vegas, Memphis, Portland, Maine and Providence.[7][15] The film's $33.5 million budget made it the most expensive direct-to-video release at that time.[7]
The international distributors to whom New Line had pre-sold the rights to the film adopted a different release strategy by distributing theatrically in every country except the United States and Italy.
As Gamblers Gather, Thailand's Child Boxers Slug It Out
Enlarge this image toggle caption Morgan Hartley for NPR Morgan Hartley for NPR
Under the fluorescent lights of the boxing ring, the boy can barely see out beyond the elastic ropes that surround the fighting stage. The crowd and the festival that press in around him are shadowy outlines. But the boy can hear them.
"Chai Lorlam, 9 years old, 22.9 kilograms [just under 50 pounds]," the announcer says.
Chai can hear his trainer shouting last-minute reminders about the basics of technique. He can hear the excited laughter of other kids his age, who have squeezed their way to the front of the spectators after ditching carnival rides and balloon dart-throwing games and fried rice-cake stands to watch his fight. And he can hear the gamblers — the gamblers who shouted "Two to one — blue!" "Three to one — red!" They are betting on the odds he'll win the fight.
Chai knows he has to win the fight.
There's the reputation of his gym to uphold, and all the fighters and trainers who have become like family to him — there's the pride of his community to defend — many of whom he knows to be in the crowd.
Child boxing in Thailand is a tradition that has a long history. The child boxers bring prize money back to their families. And Chai's village and trainers, yelling advice and pushing up against the barricades of the ring, don't come just to cheer for him. They come to bet on him.
A Way Of Life
Child boxing has brought Thailand the ire of human rights activists, who see it as dangerous. But in Isaan, the northeastern and poorest region of Thailand, child boxing is a way of life.
It provides income to families that would otherwise have to rely on their rice paddies, athletic discipline in a place where drugs and gangs are rampant, and a way out of poverty for some children with few options.
This style of fighting, known as muay thai and sometimes called the "art of eight limbs," uses the knees, elbows, fists and feet as striking points. It has been practiced as an art form and fighting technique in Thailand since the 12th century.
As the noise multiplies around him, Chai bows obediently toward his trainer and turns toward his opponent. They already know each other. It's the third time the 9-year-olds have met in the ring, and this match is the tiebreaker.
toggle caption Morgan Hartley for NPR
The Training
On a 6-mile morning run at dawn, Chai struggles to keep pace with the older fighters. He sees the dark outlines of Phetsiam, his older cousin, and Taro, the owner's son, pull away from him down the side of the highway.
The plains are flat as pancakes and extend to the horizon line in every direction. The world seems an endless expanse of rice paddies.
The business of rice is all some villagers near Ban Ka know. It is humble work, and for a long time agriculture was the only work available in Isaan. That was a time when many saw boxing as the only way out. As the Thai economy has boomed, more opportunity has come. More kids are going to universities, or moving to Bangkok, or getting grants to go abroad or start businesses.
But Chai is training because the boom has yet to trickle down to Thailand's poorest. If Chai were not training, he would be in the rice paddies.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Morgan Hartley for NPR Morgan Hartley for NPR
After a quick breakfast of soft-boiled eggs, stirred and chugged Rocky style out of a clear glass cup, Chai joins the other boys at the punching bags. More have arrived since he returned from his morning run. Even without a chaperone, the fighters are training themselves.
Every rural fight and temple festival might have the ticket to a Bangkok invitational somewhere in the crowds — and that's where a young fighter can start making real money. The promoters are watching. It's only one step from the invitationals to Lumphini, the acropolis of muay thai, where the teeming masses of the capital start putting big money on the table, and the crowd roars with real fervor, and the television cameras roll. Competition is stiff, but a pro fighter can make as much as $40,000 a year.
The kids at Chan's Gym balance the pressure with fraternity. They are a family. As Phetsiam stops his drilling to help hoist Chai onto the pullup bar, he gives his cousin an encouraging grin.
At an afternoon training session, Chai's parents are absent — and always have been. They divorced around the time of his birth and sent him to live with his grandparents in Phetsiam's village. At the recommendation of the cousin's family, the grandfather sent Chai to live with Chan at age 7 and begin his training as a muay thai fighter. In some ways, the stakes are higher for Chai than for either of his brethren in the muay thai family, though he himself may not realize it. The gym gives him everything: food, shelter, a path to success. It is an unspoken truth that he must support it with victories. It is also the only way he can help his grandfather, who is 75 and will not be able to labor in the rice paddies much longer.
The Betting
In a sport that's more about the gambling than the show, inside knowledge on fighters means better odds and more money. Even for the matches between the youngest fighters — 7- and 8-year-olds — huge amounts of cash can trade hands. While some bets are as low as 100 baht ($3.50), they can soar to 50,000 ($1,700) baht or more.
The betting is a chaotic and unorganized process. There are no official bookies setting odds and taking money. Instead, individuals bet against each other, setting the odds with a system of complicated hand signals that are exchanged from opposite sides of the ring.
The fighters' trainers, and the fighters' families, are among the high-stakes bettors in the crowd. The betting is how the families and the trainers support themselves. In tightknit communities, neighbors, relatives and friends will all come out and support their hometown fighters. That's the case with Chai and Phetsiam, who've attracted half their village to the fight.
Fight Night
The referee slices the air with his hand, and the bell rings with a single tap. The two boys bounce around for 30 seconds, getting the feel of each other with jabs and forward toe kicks. Neither throws anything with power. Then Chai decides to charge. A jab and a missed punch. A lean in for the clinch. The two fighters are flailing about the ring, bodies twisting around each other as they try to open up the other's abdomen for the knee.
Chai lands a few, his opponent lands a few. The crowd roars — the fight is active and the fighters well-matched. The gamblers in the neutral corners are shouting, hand signals are flashing, and the bet volume starts to go up.
Ding! The round is over.
The trainers are in the ring almost before the bell stops vibrating. They put down a big metal pan with a stool on top of it. Two take care of Chai. They pour ice water on him, massage his legs, stretch his arms. A third yells strategy. Chai is calm and passive, nodding at his trainer.
Round 2. This time there is no hesitation. The boys go straight for each other. Chai's opponent goes in hard for some punches, but Chai dodges them. It's his opportunity; he comes in with his own attack. A left. A hard right. His opponent reels, drops his guard. Chai swings his right shin into his jaw.
The kid is out cold, dropping like a sack of produce. Trainers swarm the ring. The ref raises Chai's arm and swings him around victoriously, and half the crowd goes wild with cheers. But only a few bother to watch long enough to see the small boy being led away from the ring. Most are already busy looking to collect on their bets.
Chris Walker and Morgan Hartley are freelance journalists traveling through Asia by bike. You can follow their journey at www.postulateone.com.
PhoneSat Flight Demonstrations
NASA's PhoneSat project will demonstrate the ability to launch the lowest-cost and easiest to build satellites ever flown in space – capabilities enabled by using off-the-shelf consumer smartphones to build spacecraft.A small team of engineers working on NASA's PhoneSat at the agency's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field, Calif., aim to rapidly evolve satellite architecture and incorporate the Silicon Valley approach of "release early, release often" to small spacecraft.To achieve this, NASA's PhoneSat design makes extensive use of commercial-off-the-shelf components, including an unmodified, consumer-grade smartphone. Out of the box smartphones already offer a wealth of capabilities needed for satellite systems, including fast processors, versatile operating systems, multiple miniature sensors, high-resolution cameras, GPS receivers, and several radios.NASA engineers kept the total cost of the components to build each of the three prototype satellites in the PhoneSat project to $3,500 by using only commercial-off-the-shelf hardware and keeping the design and mission objectives to a minimum for the first flight.NASA PhoneSat engineers also are changing the way missions are designed by rapidly prototyping and incorporating existing commercial technologies and hardware. This approach allows engineers to see what capabilities commercial technologies can provide, rather than trying to custom-design technology solutions to meet set requirements. Engineers can rapidly upgrade the entire satellite's capabilities and add new features for each future generation of PhoneSats.Each NASA PhoneSat nanosatellite is one standard CubeSat unit in size and weighs less than four pounds. A CubeSat is a miniaturized satellite in the shape of a cube that measures approximately 4 inches (10 cm).NASA's prototype smartphone satellite, known as PhoneSat 1.0, is built around the Nexus One smartphone made by HTC Corp., running Google's Android operating system. The Nexus One acts as the spacecraft onboard computer. Sensors determine the orientation of the spacecraft while the smartphone's camera can be used for Earth observations. Commercial-off-the-shelf parts include a watchdog circuit that monitors the systems and reboots the phone if it stops sending radio signals.NASA's PhoneSat 1.0 satellite has a basic mission goal–to stay alive in space for a short period of time, sending back digital imagery of Earth and space via its camera, while also sending back information about the satellite's health.To prepare for such a mission, NASA has successfully tested PhoneSat 1.0 in various extreme environments, including thermal-vacuum chambers, vibration and shock tables, sub-orbital rocket flights and high-altitude balloons.NASA's PhoneSat 2.0 will equip a newer Nexus S smartphone made by Samsung Electronics running Google's Android operating system to provide a faster core processor, avionics and gyroscopes.PhoneSat 2.0 also will supplement the capabilities of PhoneSat 1.0 by adding a two-way S-band radio to allow engineers to command the satellite from Earth, solar panels to enable longer-duration missions, and a GPS receiver. In addition, PhoneSat 2.0 will add magnetorquer coils – electro-magnets that interact with Earth's magnetic field – and reaction wheels to actively control the satellite's orientation in space.NASA's PhoneSat 2.0 will lay the foundation for new capabilities for small-sized satellites while advancing breakthrough technologies and decreasing costs of future small spacecraft.By building on NASA's PhoneSat 2.0 architecture, mission designers could more affordably accomplish the following kinds of future missions:Using distributed sensors to conduct Heliophysics missions.Expected to launch in 2013, NASA's upcoming Edison Demonstration of Small Satellite Networks mission-part of the Small Spacecraft Technology Program-will demonstrate the possibility of conducting heliophysics measurements using small spacecraft.Qualifying new technologies and components for space flightConducting low-cost Earth observationsExploring the moon and beyondThree NASA PhoneSats systems (two PhoneSat 1.0's and one PhoneSat 2.0) are scheduled to launch aboard the maiden flight of Orbital Sciences Corporation's Antares rocket from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility at Wallops Island, Va., later this year.The PhoneSat project is a small spacecraft technology demonstration mission funded by NASA's Space Technology Program which is managed by the Office of the Chief Technologist. The Space Technology Program develops and matures broadly applicable technology essential for scientific, robotic, and human exploration beyond low Earth orbit, ensures the agency's technology portfolio contains both the near-term mission-driven and long-range transformative technology required to meet our nation's exploration and science goals, and advances revolutionary concepts and capabilities, lowering development costs and reducing risk for NASA missions by engaging NASA Centers, small businesses, academia, industry, other Government agencies and international partners.
Find The Right Divorce Lawyer In Singapore
Getting a divorce in Singapore is undoubtedly one of the hardest decisions you will have to make in your adult life. If you've already made the step to know you need to hire a divorce attorney, you're already on the right track. However, as with anything else, getting the right SG attorney is important. There are so many professionals available online and offline, it can be very hard to find the right representation. Below, are a few tips to help you get started.
We aren't going to focus on how to find your attorney, but more importantly, what to look for in one. There are so many articles talking about asking for referrals and looking at the surface details, but never the important things.
For example, are you even able to contact your divorce lawyer? A lot of attorneys have secretaries that take care of most of the filings. Is there any way you can get in touch with the actual representation? If an attorney needs to resort to having a secretary, it means that have a heavy workload.
In all honesty, it may seem like a good thing to pick the most popular lawyer, but mistakes are often made when there are too many people filing for divorce. Another thing people don't consider is whether or not the attorney is on the same page as you.
Divorce Lawyer Who Care
You're hiring someone to represent you, as in your needs and feelings. There are moments when attorneys have to break bad news to you, but it is important that in the midst of it all, you can retain an amicable relationship that doesn't make you feel like you're selling out. Some attorneys only care about the number of clients they have and not whether or not they successfully file your case.
Is The Lawyer Ready For Your Divorce Case?
You need to know upfront what approach your attorney wants to take with your case. After you've told him or her what you want out of your divorce, they should already have a game plan in mind. If not, walk away because the attorney is clearly not a very good one.
Lastly, you should feel comfortable talking to your attorney about personal issues. If the attorney you picked is too intimidating, it can be good in the courtroom, but it can make you feel even more anxious about your own case. The best way to handle such things is to find an attorney that is the balance between the good and the bad.
Divorce Case In Singapore
It is important to confirm where the divorce proceeding is heard. If you got married in New York, then your case should be heard in New York. If you are living in Singapore, then you should get the divorce lawyers in Singapore to help you with the proceedings. Country such as Singapore, and other commonwealth countries tend to favor woman more in divorce legal proceedings. The law tends to protect woman more given that woman has been the “weaker sex” for the last century. Strangely, men and women are equal now but the legal system is still stagnant in the previous era. Well, I am not complaining given I myself is also a woman. But the point is that different country has different law regarding divorce legal case. Regardless, here is the list of law firms in Singapore that can help provide you with the legal assistance you need.
China's top Internet search company is engaging in a rare display of soul searching following the death of a student who used it to look for cancer treatments.
In a letter to employees, Baidu (BIDU) founder Robin Li said the company's "values have been squeezed out of shape" by the pursuit of higher revenues.
"In the middle of the night, I often think, 'Why do so many daily Baidu users no longer love us? Why do we no longer feel a sense of pride in our own products?' " he wrote.
Baidu is at the center of a controversy over how accountable Internet firms are for the search results they provide.
The debate was spurred by the story of Wei Zexi, a young man in his early twenties who was suffering a rare form of cancer.
In a desperate move to save him, Wei's parents borrowed money and sought an experimental treatment at a military hospital in Beijing they found using Baidu search. The treatment failed, and Wei died less than two months later.
As the story spread, scathing attacks on the company multiplied, first across Chinese social networks and then in traditional media.
After an investigation, Chinese officials told Baidu to change the way it displays search results, saying they are not clearly labeled, lack objectivity and heavily favor advertisers.
Baidu said it would implement the changes recommended by regulators, and change its algorithm to rank results based on credibility.
In addition, the company has set aside 1 billion yuan ($153 million) to compensate victims of fraudulent marketing information.
Related: Baidu ordered cleaning up search results after student's death
Making amends is vital: Li said in his letter that Baidu would go bankrupt within 30 days without the support of its online users and customers.
Baidu doesn't disclose ad revenues by sector, but has said that health care was one of its "top revenue verticals" last year. Shares in the company have lost more than 10% over the past five trading sessions.
The military hospital involved in the case has also been reprimanded: A separate investigation conducted by health authorities and the military found it misled the public by illegally outsourcing services and publishing fake medical ads.
-- Steven Jiang and Yazhou Sun contributed reporting.
On May 31, Ross Ulbricht lost his appeal with the Second Circuit appellate court. He will serve out the remainder of his life sentence, a sentence passed down in part due to allegations that he commissioned multiple murders-for-hire. Whether or not Ulbricht ordered these hits, his case illustrates how, by criminalizing drugs, the United States government has created an institution that incentives violence.
Ulbricht did not begin with violent intentions. He was an Eagle Scout who founded The Silk Road as a beacon of freedom. He agonized over the idea of a hit: As Wired reports, “He had talked to Inigo [an employee] about how he just wishes the best for people, and loves them in the libertarian spirit—even Green [Ulbricht's first alleged target], in flagrante delicto.” But for Ulbricht and others involved in the drug industry, violence was in his self interest.
Opponents of drug prohibition argue that the drug industry is by nature violent. However, buying and selling drugs isn't inherently more violent than is buying and selling alcohol. Rather, it's black markets that create incentives for violence.
Black markets naturally attract criminals, in part because it's difficult for convicted felons to find a career aboveboard. The black market for drugs offers lucrative opportunities that are especially attractive to those who have already committed violent crimes and are thus unlikely to find legal work.
Black markets also attract violent individuals because the crimes associated with selling drugs are proportionately less costly for those who already have a rap sheet. Legitimate businessmen are unlikely to sell drugs, because if they are caught they could face decades in prison. But for hardened criminals, the primary danger is in being caught, not in one more charge being added to an existing long list.
Additionally, black markets incentivize criminals to protect their secrecy. For many drug sellers, the most effective way to do so is to silence potential leaks. This was the context for Ulbricht's first alleged hit: He feared that if his victim (an employee of The Silk Road) weren't silenced, the employee might report Ulbricht's crimes to the FBI. The difference between serving 10 years for drug trafficking and serving life for murder was a relatively small one compared to the difference between going to prison or remaining free.
Finally, black markets require violent dispute resolution. As Attorney General Jeff Sessions correctly argues, “You can't sue somebody for drug debt; the only way to get your money is through strong-arm tactics, and violence tends to follow that.” Faced with employees he suspected were cheating him, Ulbricht resorted to a seemingly violent resolution.
Ulbricht wasn't attracted to illicit sales by his background, but once in the industry, his incentives pointed towards violence.
Violence is inherent in black markets, not theoretical: History makes a strong case that prohibition encourages aggression. When the 18th Amendment was passed, alcohol transitioned from a legitimate business to a funding source for organized crime. Violent crime increased dramatically as sellers went to extreme lengths to protect themselves and their stake. The 18th Amendment was passed in 1919, and homicides rose steadily from 1920 to 1933. Writing in American Law and Economics Review, Harvard Professor of Economics Jeffrey Miron argues that “drug and alcohol prohibition have substantially raised the homicide rate in the U.S. over much of the past 100 years.”
By contrast, when goods are legalized, crime declines. Legitimate businessmen replace Mafia gangsters, and entrepreneurs lose their incentive to kill in order to protect themselves. After the 21st Amendment ended Prohibition in 1933, homicides diminished for 11 years straight. Part of this was due to improving economic conditions, but part was likely also due to the fact that legal markets discourage violence.
The same trend can be seen with regards to medical marijuana. Writing in the Journal of Drug Issues, researchers analyzed violent and property crime in 11 Western states and found, “Significant drops in rates of violent crime associated with state MMLs [medical marijuana laws].” When drugs are legalized, violent crime declines.
Prohibition advocates argue that legalizing drugs might increase violent crime, as criminals move from the drug market into other illicit enterprises. This movement is plausible, but the net effect is still likely to be less crime. Prohibited substances fund criminal enterprises, and strangling this funding also strangles the organizations' other activities.
Ulbricht began The Silk Road as a beacon of freedom and non-violence, but if reports about his activities are true, then he eventually embodied the violence of prohibition. Prohibition creates an incentive structure that encourages aggression. Black markets attract violent individuals, and move even decent people to brutality. If we want a safer and more peaceful world, we should learn a lesson from Ross Ulbricht and end the war on drugs.
Julian Adorney is a Young Voices Advocate and a FEE 2016 Thorpe Fellow. He currently works at Colorado SEO Pros. He's written for a number of outlets, including National Review, the Federalist, the Hill, FEE, and Lawrence Reed's latest anthology Excuse Me, Professor.
Some snow is on the ground at the highest elevations of the Big Island of Hawaii.
Snow covers at least part of every state in the USA except for Florida. (Photo: NOAA) Story Highlights Weather map shows the amounts of snow across the U.S.
Snow is quite sparse in the Southwest
Texas will likely soon lose the little bit of snow that's on the ground
Snow is on the ground in 49 out of the 50 states — only the Sunshine State of Florida is completely snow-free, according to a map produced Thursday morning by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
(This doesn't mean that those 49 states are snow-covered, of course, only that some part of each state has snow.)
Although this map doesn't show it, there is snow in Hawaii, where webcams are showing snow on the high peaks of the mountain volcanoes of Mauna Loa and Mauna Kea.
HAWAII SNOW: Webcam from peak of volcano
The map also doesn't include Alaska, but it's a given that most of that state is snow-covered this time of year. A quick check with the National Weather Service forecast office in Fairbanks found 19 inches of snow on the ground there.
CLOSE What's the safest way to walk and drive in the snow storm? USA NOW host Carly Mallenbaum USA TODAY graphics editor Jeff Dionise show you how to avoid slipping on ice, if you need to leave the house. (USA TODAY, USA NOW)
There doesn't appear to be much snow on the ground in Texas or Louisiana, and with the forecast of mild temperatures, it doesn't figure to last much longer there, if it even makes it through the day Thursday.
The map shows how sparse the snow is in parts of the West, as only small parts of Nevada, Arizona and New Mexico are showing snow because of the ongoing drought and warmth.
YOUR TAKE: Your storm photos shared with the nation
YOUR TAKE: Share your snow photos
How dry and warm has it been in the Southwest so far this winter? January 2014 was the driest January ever recorded in New Mexico, while Arizona had its second-driest January on record, according to data released Thursday by the National Climatic Data Center.
As for warmth, both Arizona and New Mexico, along with California, had a top-10 warm January.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ew9E0R
An Abbott-era push to remove racial discrimination protections could be back on the table in the new Parliament, with several incoming senators determined to strike off section 18c of the Racial Discrimination Act.
Derryn Hinch, Senator-elect for Victoria, said he supported unwinding the law "1000 per cent" and had discussed the issue with Liberal Senator Cory Bernardi and re-elected Family First Senator Bob Day.
"Watch out for 18c because that is going to be really right back on the table," he told ABC radio on Friday. "I want to scrap it. I'm offended and insulted by any legislation that says 'offend and insult' anybody."
The team of four One Nation senators will also push to have section 18c repealed. Malcolm Roberts, who was elected alongside Pauline Hanson to represent Queensland, raised the issue at his debut press conference on Thursday.
Runescape developer Jagex will jump into the collectible card game scene next year with a new game called Chronicle: Runescape Legends. Set in the Runescape world of Gielinor, the game is played out on the pages of a "living book," which the studio says will allow players to "craft their own miniature RPGs" against computer-controlled enemies before striking out into PvP combat against other players.
The single screenshot released thus far has echoes of Blizzard's hit Hearthstone, a market that Jagex would no doubt like to tap into, but the promised focus on quest building and the appearance of virtual miniatures on the game board suggests it will have at least a few unique elements of its own.
"We've been quietly developing Chronicle: Runescape Legends since the start of the year to ensure that it's not only a fun and compelling player experience, but one still very much interwoven into the rich lore of Runescape," Lead Designer James Sweatman said following the game's public reveal at RuneFest on October 11.
Chronicle: Runescape Legends is being developed for the PC, Mac, tablets, and mobiles, and is expected to be out sometime in 2015. Sweatman said more information about the game will be revealed "over the coming months."
Universal Cable Productions has signed an overall development deal with the Alfred Hitchcock estate to bring a re-imagining of his classic tales back to the small screen.
UCP is teaming on the project with Vermilion Entertainment, the newly formed TV production company from the founders of Cross Creek Pictures, along with Oscar-nominated producer Chris Columbus' 1492 Pictures/Ocean Blue Entertainment. This marks Vermilion's first project for scripted television.
In the works is Welcome to Hitchcock, described as an inspired take on the master filmmaker's unique brand of storytelling that encompassed such iconic stories as The Birds, Psycho and the popular television series Alfred Hitchcock Presents. The new anthology series will focus on a single season-long mystery or crime in the spirit of the classic Hitchcock style and legacy. The studio plans to continue collaborating with the Hitchcock estate to design a series “that will entertain Hitchcock enthusiasts and entice an entirely new generation of fans.”
Columbus, Oscar-nominated producer Michael Barnathan, Timmy Thompson and Todd Thompson will serve as executive producers along with the Hitchcock family. Columbus will direct the pilot. Emmy winner Casey Tebo will serve as co-producer.
“Long after his death, Alfred Hitchcock continues to be one of the most celebrated directors and visionaries in the world, a master manipulator of the macabre,” said Dawn Olmstead, EVP Development at Universal Cable Productions. “We're honored that the Hitchcock estate has put its trust in our studio to pay homage to his work.”
“Our grandfather always collaborated with the best and the brightest to help shape his vision,” said Katie O'Connell-Fiala on behalf of the Hitchcock Trust and MTK Corporation, which was founded by O'Connell-Fiala and her sisters, Mary O'Connell-Stone and Tere O'Connell-Carrubba. “We're confident that Universal Cable Productions will take great care in helping us to continue preserving his legacy.”
Just as the original series utilized prominent directors from Hitchcock himself to George Stevens Jr., Arthur Hiller, Stuart Rosenberg, Robert Stevenson and Robert Altman, the new anthology series will seek out premiere filmmakers and talent to pay homage to the spirit of Hitchcock's style and legacy.
Dunn wants to send out analog computers and mechanisms to rendezvous with asteroids and turn them into autonomous spacecraft. They could then be used to get rid of objects that could collide with our planet, among other possible missions. Another project aims to create autonomous underwater drones that can dive to the center of icy moons through their volcanoes, just like in Jules Verne's classic. Yet another wants to use microbes to recycle old spacecraft parts to make new ones. There's also one that wants to send out a thin, kite-like spacecraft to clear out all the debris in Low Earth Orbit.
All these Phase I projects are getting a $100,000 grant from NASA to fund their feasibility studies for the next nine months. Those that can prove that their wild ideas aren't just sci-fi fodder could get $500,000 more to develop their concepts for the next two years. In 2015, NASA awarded seven projects with half a million, including one that plans to send solar-powered robots to work on the surface of the moon. The agency invests money in these seemingly unattainable concepts to "push boundaries and explore new approaches" for the future of space exploration.
Alexis Wineman always knew she was different.
“Socializing with my classmates, even when I wanted to, was awkward to say the least. I wouldn't get their jokes half the time. I took everything so literally,” said the Cut Bank, Mont. resident.
When Wineman was diagnosed with autism at age 11, she finally had a name to put to her experience. Rather than use her diagnosis as an excuse and give up, she took the bull by the horns.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Today, Wineman, now 18, may very well be the next Miss America. She was crowned Miss Montana in June, becoming the first person on the autism spectrum to claim the sash. In January, she will travel to Las Vegas where she could become the first with the developmental disorder to capture the national title.
It's been a long road for the self-described “oddball out” whose best friend as a girl was a Winnie the Pooh doll, which she still holds onto.
“He showed me that being different was okay and there was nothing wrong with pacing or sitting in one place for hours just thinking,” Wineman said. “I say why fit in when you were born to stand out.”
Encouraged by her family, Wineman began to break out of her shell after she was diagnosed and engage in school activities. Performing became a way for her to face her fears and learn to cope. Wineman joined the cheerleading squad, ultimately becoming team captain and appearing in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
Now less than four months into her term as Miss Montana, Wineman and her mother have already put 7,000 miles on their car traversing the state to present her platform — “Normal is Just a Dryer Setting‚ Living with Autism” — at schools, hospitals, conferences and parades.
“It's amazing how people don't accept other people just because they're different. Being different is not something to look down on, but to be embraced,” Wineman said. “People need to understand. I want to talk to kids with autism too and share with them that it's nothing to be ashamed of.”
Adjusting to the unpredictability of life as Miss Montana has been a challenge, says Wineman's mother, Kimberley Butterworth.
“She has at times struggled,” Butterworth said. “There isn't a set schedule, which can be very hard.”
When things get tough, Wineman relies on coping skills she's developed through the years like listening to Celtic music on her iPod.
“With her iPod, she has been able to disengage for a minute, and plug herself into it and regroup,” Butterworth said.
When Wineman is not on the road she's focused on preparing for the Miss America pageant by brushing up on the comedy monologue she will perform in the talent competition, exercising and eating healthy, and more often than not, walking in heels.
“I was never a girl to walk in heels, and I did not prepare. That was the hardest part,” she said.
Jan Holden, executive director of the Miss Montana Scholarship Program, thinks Wineman will have no problem at the national level.
“She's a pretty special girl. She's very intelligent. That girl's got grace and poise, and she did phenomenal in her interview,” said Holden. “She's come a long way, and it's her doing.”
Two people are missing and foul play is suspected in their disappearance according to Deer Lodge authorities. Police said they believe 79-year old Beverly Giannonatti and her son 57-year old Gregory Giannonatti have been missing for about a week. They say both mother and son appeared to have left their homes with intentions of returning.
Police report when they searched the two homes both had dogs without food and appeared to be unattended to for several days. They also say Gregory's TV was left on and a roast in the crock pot was still cooking and badly burned. Police are now scrambling to figure out what happened.
Powell County Sheriff Scott Howard said, "With the amount of time that's passed and everything here, you know the outcome to me appears that it's not going to be a good one. So we're going to do it with search warrants and hopefully if something horrible happened to these people at the hands of someone else that we can put that together.”
Deer Lodge Chief of Police Rick Thompson said Gregory's home was burglarized after police initially searched it.
Police said all vehicles have been accounted for. They say Beverly was last seen at a local restaurant with an unknown male on October 28. Her son Gregory was seen that same day driving away in a hurry from his home by neighbors.
Anyone with information is asked to call deer lodge police or the Powell county sheriff's office. A Facebook page where people can send messages has also been set up to help find Beverly and Gregory Giannonatti.
Isabel Sherrel, an alumna of Oberlin College, recently did something courageous. She decided to treat her alma mater's assistant professor of rhetoric and composition, Dr. Joy Karega, like a human being and actually reach out. She wanted to dialogue over the anti-Semitic conspiracy theories that Karega had reportedly been posting about on Facebook.
Karega has shared a series of posts alleging that Jews or Israelis were behind 9/11, ISIS, Charlie Hebdo and the Paris attacks, The Tower reported. The posts suggest she believes that Jews control the U.S. government and that Mossad engineered the downing of a Malaysian airliner over Ukraine in 2014, and that she agrees with aspects of Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan's beliefs.
In Sherrel's own words on her Facebook page: “I sent this professor an honest, respectful, and open-hearted response to her anti-Semitic Facebook page. Good to know that I was operating on a false assumption: that she is a good-hearted person who is not educated on the history of anti-Semitism and thus via ignorance has fallen into the trap of perpetuating classic Jew hatred. Nope, nope, nope.”
Karega's recent response on Facebook to the multiple letters, tweets, phone calls and messages she has received offer further insight into her beliefs. Karega views letters like Sherrel's and others as fodder for her theories: “My Oberlin email, my Facebook message inbox, my office phone voicemail, and my Twitter account are the gifts that keep on giving. Honestly, I've been having these moments (very brief moments, haha) where I want to say to those of you who are emailing, calling, and surveilling my social media accounts for malicious, intimidation, and/or silencing purposes: ‘Folks, you all are making my work too easy; handing my research right to me.'”
What research is that? “My second book project, which I have made significant progress on in terms of research, planning, and the drafting of chapter templates, is entitled Conspiratorial Political Literacies: Rhetorical Practice, Contested Knowledge, and Subversive Politics… It's downright lazy, uncritical, apolitical, homogenizing, and reductionist to frame conspiracy theories — and the rhetors, writers, and theorists who espouse such theories — in the way that much of the general public, governments, and the academy do. (I won't lay out that argument here. But it'll be CLEARLY articulated in one of the chapters of the book).”
In his book “The Open Society and Its Enemies,” Karl Popper famously argued that “conspiracy theories” draw on imaginary plots driven by paranoid scenarios predicated on tribalism, chauvinism or racism. In Karega's upside down world, anyone who presents evidence that a “conspiracy theory” is a “conspiracy theory” as Popper defined it is merely asserting his or her power in service of the conspiracy. In other words, those who demand evidence for the conspiracy theory are the racists.
Karega continues: “(1) How has the term “conspiracy theory” been used (is being used) to control the parameters of inquiry and research in the academy?; (2) How has the uncomplicated tying of conspiracy theories to accusations of anti-Semitism been used (is being used) to control the parameters of inquiry and research in the academy?; (3) What are we dealing with when we're witnessing accusations of anti-Semitism being directed at scholars and researchers who explore, espouse, and even defend conspiracy theories? Rhetorically, are we looking at silencing techniques, intimidation tactics, etc.?”
The disturbing argument at work behind all the impressive academic verbiage is that a conspiracy theory, and more specifically an anti-Semitic conspiracy theory, is a legitimate social discourse that should not be silenced or controlled by “relations of power” that authorize accusations of anti-Semitism. In other words, Karega wants to study how Jews silence anti-Semites.
For those dulled to such language, how would it sound if we substituted “how Muslims silence Islamophobes” or “how African Americans silence White Supremacists”? And of course the question here is not whether Karega should be “silenced,” but rather whether she should be funded as a professor at one of the leading liberal arts colleges in the U.S.
Here's Karega again: “Also worth investigating and exploring, I can generate articles for days on what I can describe as ‘anti-Semitism call-out culture' and some of its accompanying practices. I don't have to tell some of you that these recent activities in my own professional life have handed me a LARGE body of data (emails, voicemail messages, tweets, Facebook inbox messages, etc.) that will shed light on and provide insight into how and to what extent anti-Blackness rhetorics show up in anti-Semitic call-out culture and practices.”
“Anti-Semitism call-out culture” (which, despite its flaws, other people might think of as “social justice culture” or “human rights culture”) contains “anti-Blackness rhetorics,” according to Karega. So when Jews defend themselves against racism and hate speech they are 1) engaging in a kind of rhetoric based not in morality but in power dynamics, and 2) they are themselves guilty, in an as yet undisclosed manner, of anti-black rhetoric. Elsewhere Karega has argued that it is common “for Black women, who are early in their career on the tenure track as part of the professoriate, to be prime targets for these kinds of activities and practices.”
Meanwhile, Karega's rhetorical practices are having real-world consequences on campus. As Sherrel wrote in response to Karega's Facebook post: “Apparently, this professor is intent on demeaning and belittling Jewish students and alumni concerns about her anti-Jewish ideology and how much of it spills into her classroom lectures. She doesn't care that people are deeply hurt, sad, scared, not going to class, or feeling physically ill because her posts are so violent against us. Apparently, this professor sees us as objects to be scrutinized, we are sources for her research, we aren't real people who deserve a response let alone an apology, we are mere specimens under her microscope!!!”
Oberlin president Marvin Krislov, who is Jewish, has refused to discipline Karega, and defended her right to free speech, stating, “Acknowledgement of this right does not signal institutional support for, or endorsement of, any specific position. The statements posted on social media by Dr. Joy Karega, assistant professor of rhetoric and composition, are hers alone and do not represent the views of Oberlin College.”
But that's cold comfort for an alumna like Sherrel. “These are not just ideas,” she told me on the phone. “These are ideas which have been used to kill Jews.”
Matthew Gindin is a freelance writer and journalist located in Vancouver. He blogs on spirituality and social justice at “seeking her voice” and writes for the Jewish Independent. He has also been published in Tikkun, Elephant Journal, Wisdom Pills and elsewhere.
This story "Inside the Twisted Anti-Semitic Mind of Oberlin Professor Joy Karega" was written by Matthew Gindin.
(CNN) Investigators do not currently see a direct ISIS hand in last week's attack in London, a British counterterrorism official told CNN on Saturday.
Khalid Masood was active on the encryption messaging service WhatsApp two minutes before he started his attack Wednesday on Westminster Bridge, but no evidence has emerged to show he was communicating with ISIS at any point, the official told CNN.
Khalid Masood had previous convictions but none for terrorism.
Investigators are looking into communications he had with individuals leading up to the attack that left four dead, including a police officer , the official added.
ISIS has used encryption apps such as WhatsApp and Telegram to communicate with and provide direction to extremists in recent plots and attacks in Europe, including a July bombing at a music festival in Ansbach, Germany
But investigators currently believe Masood was more likely inspired by ISIS rather than directed by the terrorist group, the official told CNN.
A factor in this early assessment, the official said, is that ISIS has not posted a video showing a pledge of allegiance from the attacker. In contrast, ISIS posted a video from the Berlin truck attack suspect shortly after Italian police killed him near Milan, the official said.
British officials suspect ISIS likely claimed credit for the London attack after learning about it in the news.
The official cautioned that much is still unknown about the case and new information may change investigators' understanding of it.
Investigators are still assessing whether the attacker plotted alone or acted as part of a broader conspiracy. They're continuing to probe his contacts in radical circles in Birmingham, Luton and London, the official told CNN.
Two released, one still in custody
A 12th arrest was made Sunday in the investigation of the attack, in which Masood ran over pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and then crashed in front of the Houses of Parliament, where he stabbed an officer to death.
A 30-year-old man was arrested at an address in Birmingham "on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts, Metropolitan Police said. The statement said he was detained under TACT, Terrorism Act 2000, and remains in police custody.
A 58-year-old man who was arrested Thursday in Birmingham also remains in custody.
Two people were released Saturday "with no further action," London's Metropolitan Police said. They were a man, 27, arrested in Birmingham and a woman, 39, arrested in east London.
A woman, 32, arrested in Manchester is out on bail pending further inquiries.
The other seven arrested in connection with the attack were all released "with no further action."
All but one of those were detained on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
82 seconds that will last 'forever'
Saturday, authorities released a timeline of the attack, saying it lasted 82 seconds and started at 2:40 p.m. local time when the car Masood was driving over Westminster Bridge first mounted the sidewalk.
The car continued along the footpath and the road before crashing into the perimeter fence of the Palace of Westminster, the statement from the London Metropolitan Police said. Masood left the vehicle and was shot by a police officer.
"Whilst the attack lasted only 82 seconds it will remain in the memories of many forever," said Deputy Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu, who is the senior national coordinator for UK Counterterrorism Policing.
Police also issued a statement from the family of police officer Keith Palmer, one of the four people killed in the attack.
They thanked people who have supported them and said, "We care about him being remembered for his selfless bravery and loving nature. We miss him so much, but we are also incredibly proud of Keith."
Investigation underway
Friday, Britain's most senior counterterrorism police officer, Mark Rowley, said authorities are working to establish whether Masood, 52, "acted totally alone inspired by terrorist propaganda or, if others have encouraged, supported or directed him."
Rowley said 16 searches at various locations have finished but that five others were ongoing. Officers have seized 2,700 items, including "massive amounts" of computer data, and have had contact with 3,500 witnesses to the attack, many of them of different nationalities, he added.
Authorities are investigating how the perpetrator, who used multiple aliases, became radicalized. He was born Adrian Russell Ajao but also used the name Adrian Elms, police said Friday.
Rowley said: "Clearly that's the main line of our investigation -- is what led him to be radicalized. Was it through influences in a community, influences from overseas or through online propaganda?"
He appealed for anyone who knew Masood well or was aware of his recent movements to get in touch with authorities.
Born in Kent, Masood had previous convictions, including some for violent offenses, but none for terrorism, police said. His most recent conviction was in 2003 for possession of a knife.
JUST WATCHED London Attack: An animated map Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH London Attack: An animated map 00:55
The Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia issued a statement Saturday saying Masood visited Saudi Arabia from November 2005 to November 2006 and from April 2008 to April 2009, when he worked as an English teacher. He also obtained a visa and visited Saudi Arabia from March 3 to 8, 2015, the statement said.
He wasn't on the radar of security services, the statement said.
Masood didn't teach in any English-language school in the UK, Britain's Department for Education previously said, citing its records. His criminal record would have prevented him for passing the necessary checks to become a qualified teacher.
Queen bestows honors
Meanwhile, Queen Elizabeth II honored two members of the UK Parliament for their heroics in the aftermath of the attack, Downing Street announced Friday.
Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament A car is seen crashed into a fence outside the Parliament building in London on Wednesday, March 22. Police have launched a "full counter-terrorism investigation" after an attacker rammed a car into crowds of people and stabbed a police officer on Parliament grounds. Hide Caption 1 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament An armed police officer stands over the attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, outside Parliament. "It appeared that a car was coming towards the House of Commons mowing down pedestrians on the way," Member of Parliament Gerald Howarth told CNN. "The driver then got access to the parliamentary estate, stabbed a police officer and was shot." Hide Caption 2 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Masood is treated by emergency services as police look on at the scene outside the Houses of Parliament. The Metropolitan Police say he was born in Kent, but is believed to have been living in the West Midlands recently. Police say Masood was also known by a number of aliases. "Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack," Met Police said in a statement. Hide Caption 3 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Member of Parliament Tobias Ellwood, in the glasses, tends to one of the injured people amid the chaos. The man the politician was trying to save was a police officer who died, a witness on the scene told CNN. Authorities identified the deceased officer as Keith Palmer, 48. Hide Caption 4 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Emergency workers attend to injured people at the scene. Hide Caption 5 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Medics treat a victim on Westminster Bridge. Hide Caption 6 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament People leave the Parliament building after the incident. Lawmakers were forced to remain in the main debating chamber of the House of Commons as police responded to the incident outside. Hide Caption 7 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament A person is treated at the scene. Hide Caption 8 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Medical aid is provided outside Parliament. Hide Caption 9 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Tourists were trapped for a time in cars on the London Eye Ferris wheel, which was stopped in the immediate aftermath of the attack. Hide Caption 10 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament A police officer stands guard near Westminster Bridge and the Houses of Parliament. Hide Caption 11 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament A person receives medical treatment at the scene. Hide Caption 12 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament At right, the car of British Prime Minister Theresa May is driven away from Parliament. Hide Caption 13 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament An air ambulance arrives at the scene. Hide Caption 14 of 15 Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Armed police enter the Houses of Parliament. Hide Caption 15 of 15
Foreign Office minister Tobias Ellwood , who tried to save Palmer , and Security Minister Ben Wallace, who helped coordinate the government's response to the attack, have been approved as members of the Queen's Privy Council.
The pair will now be entitled to be referred to as "right honorable" as members of the group of advisers to the monarchy that includes present or former members of the House of Commons or House of Lords.
Attack victims
Victims, from left, American tourist Kurt Cochran, teacher Aysha Frade and police Officer Keith Palmer.
In addition to four deaths, this week's attack wounded at least 50 others, 31 of whom needed hospital treatment, Rowley said. Two people are in critical condition, and another has life-threatening injuries.
Two police officers also remain hospitalized with significant injuries, Rowley said. They were injured as the attacker plowed through crowds walking across Westminster Bridge.
American tourist Kurt Cochran and college administrator Aysha Frade, a British citizen with Spanish roots, as well as Palmer died Wednesday. A fourth victim, Leslie Rhodes, 75, from Streatham in south London, died Thursday night after his life support was withdrawn, according to the Metropolitan Police.
Romania's Foreign Ministry said a Romanian woman hurt in the attack was in critical condition after surgery.
Thanks to a build-up of signs and reports over several months indicating The Homie Dario would be headed stateside after this season, capped off by a fairly assuring one from David Pick, Sixers fans are in "just-show-me-the-damn-contract-or-bust mode," and reasonably so. But due to Euroleague basketball's 8-month-plus long season, we haven't heard a peep about Dario Saric's future in Philadelphia lately, with the addition of the No. 1 pick in the draft looming on the horizon. So, with Bryan Colangelo and Brett Brown set to pay a visit to Istanbul next week, let's talk shop. How's Dario been playing since the end of the Sixers season sucked the life out of all of us (and my will to write about Turkish basketball)?
He's still good, folks. Efes has been steamrolling its way through the playoffs, disposing of the terrifying Andy Rautins-Julyan Stone Royal Hali squad before imposing its will on a Darussafaka team so attractive that David Blatt appears to have turned down NBA coaching opportunities just to get his hands on that Wilbekin-Harangody-Aldemir attack. (Note: Furkan's played in just 13 games this season. Sigh.) But seriously - Efes just lost its first game of the postseason in Game One of the finals yesterday to Fenerbahce, and Saric has been killing it.
Through six games of postseason play, he's shooting 54 percent from the field (28-of-52), including 11-of-14 from long range (!), good for 13.5 points in just under 24 minutes per game with 3.8 rebounds and over a steal to boot. And of course, he's still out-hustling fools by the skin of however many teeth he has left.
Dario Saric lead Efes to the playoff win (team high 21 points). And this hustle will make him a #Sixers favourite. pic.twitter.com/ZGERLwwQ2x — CroSports (@CroSports_) May 17, 2016
There've been a bunch of bright spots throughout this late season run, but one of the brighter ones is the exclamation point Saric has put on his improvement at the charity stripe this season. He's gradually improved year by year, shooting 71 percent with Cibona in 2014, before converting on 76 percent in 2015 with Efes and finally just over 85 percent this season (114-of-134). That includes 27-of-28 in Top 16 Euroleague play, which, sure, it's a sample size of 28, but it's night-and-day with when he first burst onto the pro scene in 2011 with Zagreb as a 60 percent free throw shooter.
So, Colangelo, Brown and Co. now head to Istanbul, likely at the conclusion of the TBSL finals to make their pitch to Saric. It's hard to tell what works in their favor and what doesn't, especially when Saric's motives to come over as soon as possible seem to have transcended any desire to maximize his earning power by evading the rookie scale one year from now. Perhaps adding Ben Simmons, a point forward slotting into the glut of front-court players on the roster right where Dario would need to play, is a minus.
But that feels like an oversimplification. There's no such thing, after all, as having too many plus decision-makers at any position, and running an offense tailored to a playmaking four could ease the transition for a player who similarly can do quite a bit of damage when given the freedom to crash the glass, run a break and initiate offense himself. Playing devil's advocate, Saric hasn't at any point in his career consistently held a starting role for a full season. When he transitions to the highest level of competition and the game speeds up for him, it'd be surprising if he were to demand major shot-creation duty right off the bat. We have no idea what he wants or is willing to buy into.
Depth is good, and depth of playmakers at that position is a unique luxury most teams don't have. If he wants to challenge himself at the highest level of competition in the world as badly as he says he does right now, he and Simmons could provide the Sixers with quite a bit of freedom to experiment with a really fascinating offense. This could be really, really fun.
In other news: Vasilije Micic did a thing!
Why you need to avoid Billy Joel, arguing over drifters and not drinking in the car in Mississippi.
I can never pass up a good road trip.
I can't count how many road trips I've been on — it must be approaching triple digits — and I'm happy to say that the number just keeps increasing. On Friday, I'll be driving to Las Vegas with some friends — a road trip path I've chronicled before in my 11 Highlights of the Los Angeles-Las Vegas Drive, yet one that never gets old.
Over the course of my dozens and dozens of road trips, I've seen it all — the good, the bad, Nebraska. I've seen what makes a road trip succeed… and I've seen what makes a road trip end with everyone leaving the car and not talking for several hours, days or years. And now, I've coalesced that life experience into a list of 11 things that will absolutely murder your road trip. Read. Learn. Nebraska.
In no particular order (so numbered 1-11 instead of 11-1, for those that keep up on the day-to-day decisions of why I number lists the way I do)…
1 | Video games and iPods
Road trips are communal experiences. Each person in the car is an absolutely crucial element. To have an ideal road trip, your individual personalities need to combine, like Voltron.
As soon as someone in the backseat goes rogue and starts listening to their own iPod or playing the new, cool Nintendo DS game (which, I'm sure, is something like The Pokémon Meet The Jetsons)… you're done. All of a sudden the communal experience is shattered and, before you know it, the other person in the backseat is asleep and the two people in the front seat are having a two-hour heart-to-heart about how good of friends they are.
2 | Getting a ticket
Getting a speeding ticket during a road trip is brutal for so many reasons. (1) Instantly destroys the good mood. (2) Makes you go the speed limit from that point on, therefore kills the fun of bragging about what good time you guys are making. (3) Leads to the awkward discussion of whether the driver is going to cover the cost of the ticket or if you're all going to split it because, odds are, you didn't do the equivalent of a road trip pre-nup regarding costs.
There are ways around this of course… besides going the speed limit. You can either go just a lil bit over the speed limit (like nine miles-per-hour or less), so at least the ticket won't hit thousands of dollars/felony level… you can only take road trips through rural Montana where there are no speed limits… or you can invest in some form of ticket prevention technology.
That stuff really can work, too. One time back in college, my friend Adam and I went on a mini road trip — from school in Chicago up to his family's place in Detroit, down to my family's place in Cleveland, back to Chicago. We had one of those radar detectors and were shocked that it did, in fact, work. We began to praise it as a deity, but that's a story for another day.
3 | Billy Joel
It goes without saying that you have to prepare music for the road trip. And it really doesn't matter what that music is — whatever you guys like, whatever will keep everyone happy, that works.
As long as it's not Billy Joel. Because I can say from empirical evidence that Billy Joel kills road trips.
Just try it once and you'll learn the hard way. As soon as your first few mixes are done and someone suggests you guys switch to Billy Joel, people will start falling asleep, rampantly texting, staring out the window as if drugged.
My friend (also named) Sam and I have theorized endlessly as to why Billy Joel is such a road trip killer and, ultimately, we agreed on a principle. Billy Joel has a decent number of songs that everyone knows (a good 12-15 of these)… and your average person likes Billy Joel. (Including me, by the way — this point is not an indictment of Billy Joel.)
But, outside of the dozen-or-so known tracks, his music is pretty droning and depressing. And some mix of his melodies, his voice and his lyrics that always seem to spin folklore-ish tales have this badly hypnotic quality. You can't sing along to him, you can't bounce to him… you have to just sit there and listen like you're being sung to by a professor reading from his mostly boring memoirs.
With each song it gets worse, until the point where you go to sleep, because his songs and stories have kinda made you want to set yourself on fire. (And, of course, if you do, Billy Joel has already gone on record to absolve himself of blame.)
4 | Supersizing
I'm not sure why it happens — there are few things we do in life that expend fewer calories than sitting virtually motionless in a car for hours and hours on end — but people tend to want to eat huge meals during road trip food stops.
You need to fight that instinct. Going for the super size (whether it's Biggie Sizing or King Sizing or whatever) will guarantee only two results, both of which are road trip poison: (1) Indigestion/illness/even vomiting (2) The need for many momentum-killing bathroom stops.
Just get the smaller fries, the smaller soda, the burritos that don't weigh half a pound. It will benefit you in every single possible way.
5 | Spontaneous arguments over whether or not to pick up drifters
So you're on a road trip and you pass a hitchhiker. This inevitably leads to a debate. “What if he's a deranged murderer?” “But what if he's not?” “I say we pick him up and see what happens.” “I already own a copy of 7-Minute Abs.”
I'm not going to tell you whether or not to pick up that drifter. But I will say this: Before you embark, the car should decide on its drifter policy… because you don't want to have a huge fight that leads to you turning around to pick him up after all.
6 | Drinking more than three Red Bulls or cups of coffee
Staying awake during a road trip is crucial — otherwise, ya know, you miss the road trip. But you need to dig down and find some of your energy from within.
When you cross that magic line from well-caffeinated into hallucinating, you've got a problem. Suddenly the car feels very small. Suddenly you think everyone in the car is trying to kill you (especially that drifter you all agreed to pick up a few points back). Suddenly your heart is beating a little too fast and not even the soothing strains of She's Always a Woman can slow its pace.
And at that moment, you're officially on a bad road trip. It's like a bad acid trip, but with more farting.
7 | Making a schedule that's too rigid or too loose
Yes, a road trip is officially about getting from one place to another. But, really, it's just as much about the time in the car.
You want to have a schedule. You need to have a schedule. It gives you a goal, a constraint, a mission. (i.e., “We have to get to California for the Nintendo World Video Game Championships by tomorrow or that a-hole with the Power Glove will win!”)
But you don't want your schedule to be too rigid. (i.e., “If we don't get there in an hour Amy Smart will have to call in a bomb threat.”)
A different friend Adam and I did a California road trip a few years back. We had places to be, but no hard-and-fast schedule. This allowed us to stop wherever we wanted. Detour to UC Santa Cruz? Sure! Stop at every miniature golf course we see off the freeways? Sure!
On your road trip, you may spot something off the side of the road — and you should have the freedom and flexibility to do it. Whether it's a water slide park, a blueberry festival (?), or a farmhouse where the generous and hospitable farmer serves amazing food but only has one rule and that's not to touch his blond virginal daughter… stop.
Just give yourself some form of a deadline, to keep your goal-oriented momentum up. (Plus, once his daughter comes on to you and he chases you out of the house with a double-barrelled shotgun and you and your friends jump in the car and peel out screaming, “Whoooooa!” you'll make it on time anyway.)
8 | Traffic leaving your hometown
It's a terrible start to a road trip when everyone gets in the car, all excited, you pull on to the freeway… and you're instantly met with a wall of traffic and a two-hour delay.
This is almost a guarantee in L.A. (or when leaving Vegas on a Sunday to return to L.A.) — but it's a possibility anywhere if you leave during a rush hour zone. So plan your trip around a weird departure time. Ten in the morning, 11 at night or the ever popular three in the morning — those will all make sure that, within two hours, you're no longer getting your hometown radio stations or passing cities whose names you recognize.
9 | Sleeping in the passenger seat
It's not ideal, but people fall asleep on road trips. It happens. (I've certainly done it — on a road trip my senior year of college I almost managed to sleep from Denver to Lincoln, Nebraska… and then from Lincoln to Chicago the next day. Don't know how that happened.)
But it's not OK for the person in the front seat to fall asleep. They serve as the front seat-back seat conversation liaison, play DJ AND make the arm pumping motion at truck drivers. And, more importantly, if everyone else falls asleep, they're in charge of keeping the driver engaged and awake… so you don't ever have to find out if your car has the Navitron Autodrive System like Reliable Red Barclay's truck.
10 | Not taking advantage of cool laws in other states
A little research can change everything. Example: In Arkansas, Connecticut, Delaware, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia and West Virginia all the passengers are legally allowed to crack open alcoholic beverages. And in Mississippi, even the driver can join in on the drinking (as long as his blood alcohol level stays below the legal limit. (This would be perfect for playing It's Always Sunny state name drinking game. I recommend North Virginia.)
Whatever does it for you — legal brothels, the counties that ban ATM fees, cities with no sales tax, states where you're required to pump your gas, legal marijuana dispensaries, gay marriages, marrying your first cousin — it's all out there for you on your road trip, you've just got to do a little research first.
11 | Sharting
Because no matter what else happens on your road trip — you steal a bus from a school for the blind and crash a black fraternity party, you inadvertently wind up driving into a Smash Mouth concert, you destroy the sun sphere from the World's Fair in Knoxville — all anyone's ever going to remember is the shart. And your trip doesn't deserve that.
—
You may also like…
11 Amazing Bits of Trivia on America's Roads to Briefly Wow Your Friends
11 Driving Rules That Americans Actually Seem to Follow
11 Random Observations From My Trip To the Oscars
11 Most Popular Excuses to Try to Get Out of a Ticket (With Odds of Success)
11 Public Bathroom Options, Ranked From Least To Most Rank
The new combination of Ken Whisenhunt and the Tennessee Titans doesn't make a lot of sense for either side. I can't speak for what the Titans were thinking as part of their hiring process, and I think Whisenhunt is a talented coach who can be an asset under the right circumstances, but as currently constructed, the Titans and Whisenhunt seem to play more to each other's weaknesses than they do to each other's respective strengths.
Whisenhunt was 45-51 during his time in Arizona, with a 4-0 start to his final season at the helm going for naught when his team lost 11 of its final 12 games, resulting in his dismissal. He then went to San Diego, where he performed admirably alongside head coach Mike McCoy in rebuilding the Chargers' offense overnight into one of the league's most devastating attacks. After one year as the San Diego offensive coordinator, Whisenhunt was sought for a number of head coaching jobs, eventually landing in Tennessee.
While he spent only six years in Arizona, it felt like Whisenhunt ran through the same issues over and over again. For the advantages he offers schematically, as a play caller, and as a coach who can mold his offense to his team's strengths, the former Steelers offensive coordinator seemed to flip-flop back and forth between personnel on a week-to-week basis, destroying his players' confidence and failing to develop young talent in the process.
Nowhere was that more clearly felt than at quarterback. When Whisenhunt arrived in Arizona, he inherited a team with rookie first-round pick Matt Leinart playing ahead of veteran Kurt Warner, then five years removed from his last full season as a starter. While expected to win, it was also clear that Whisenhunt was brought in to help develop the young Leinart. That didn't happen. Whisenhunt benched Leinart several games into the coach's debut season with the team for Warner, then brought him back, only for Leinart to fracture his collarbone and miss the remainder of the season. Warner played admirably in Leinart's absence, and the following year Whisenhunt wisely chose to stick with the grizzled Warner over the inexperienced Leinart. The Cardinals made an improbable run to the Super Bowl, with Warner playing one more season afterward before retiring.
That's when the trouble started. With Leinart still on the roster, the Cardinals brought in big-armed passer Derek Anderson as a free agent to compete with their former first-round pick. Anderson was coming off a season in which he completed just 44.5 percent of his 182 passes while throwing three touchdowns against 10 interceptions. He won the job over Leinart, whom the Cardinals then released. Leinart wasn't good, but neither was Anderson. Whisenhunt quickly soured on Anderson, but without a viable option, he just cycled through his available quarterbacks, starting rookie fifth-rounder John Skelton before turning things over to undrafted rookie Max Hall. The group combined to complete just 50.8 percent of its passes and throw 19 picks against 10 touchdowns.
One bad year quickly became a bad three years. The Cardinals traded for Kevin Kolb, but even when Kolb was healthy, Whisenhunt managed to find a way to bench him for Skelton. The Cardinals split the season with the pair in 2011 before managing to work their way through four starting passers in 2012, beginning with Kolb before transitioning to Ryan Lindley and then free agent Brian Hoyer for the final game of the season.
The Cardinals changed their quarterbacks more than any other team in football over Whisenhunt's final three years with the organization, and it wasn't logical. Take one November 2012 example. With Kolb injured, the Cardinals had turned to Skelton, who was struggling mightily with his duties. Arizona hit its bye week and chose to keep Skelton in the lineup despite his issues, ensuring he would get two weeks of reps with the first team in practice. Then, in its first game after the bye against Atlanta, Skelton started the game 2-for-7 and was benched for rookie sixth-rounder Ryan Lindley, who was as awful as you might expect. If Skelton's leash was seven passes short, why did he get two weeks of practice reps? Why not just install Lindley as the starter and give him those much-needed practice plays with the first team? And why would Skelton — or the subsequently benched Lindley — have any confidence he could play through a bad series?
Through that entire three-year run, Whisenhunt repeatedly found the virtues in tall, big-armed quarterbacks who lacked the accuracy required to succeed in the NFL. Virtually every quarterback Arizona brought in, Kolb aside, fit that description to a T. And, of course, Whisenhunt's now arriving in Tennessee to help develop a tall, big-armed quarterback who has perennially lacked the accuracy required to succeed in the NFL. Jake Locker has a bigger pedigree and way more athleticism than the guys Whisenhunt had in his latter years in Arizona, but he remains a raw talent who doesn't put the ball where it needs to go on a consistent basis. With Locker in the final year of his rookie contract, can Whisenhunt really change gears and get his quarterback to complete a meaningful percentage of his passes? Or will he go back and forth between Locker and Ryan Fitzpatrick all season?
Whisenhunt's arrival also likely spells the end of Chris Johnson's time in Tennessee, as if that weren't already clear. Whisenhunt went through the same issues in picking a starting running back in Arizona, benching inherited big-money starter Edgerrin James during Arizona's Super Bowl season before cycling through James, Tim Hightower, first-round pick Beanie Wells, and second-rounder Ryan Williams.
It seems pretty clear at this point that Whisenhunt can succeed if you provide him with an accurate quarterback. Ben Roethlisberger was more accurate than Locker during his time at school. Warner's completion percentage was in the mid-60s throughout his career. And Philip Rivers was an extremely accurate passer at North Carolina State, only ever slipping because Norv Turner's downfield passing attack sacrificed accuracy for big plays, to Rivers's detriment.
With that in mind, it seems like Detroit would have been a much better fit for Whisenhunt. The Lions were certainly interested in him, but they're now backtracking from their interest in the way that you do when the object of your affection chooses somebody else. With Matthew Stafford entrenched as the starter in Detroit for the next several seasons on sheer salary alone, Whisenhunt wouldn't have been able to bench his starter and would instead have been forced to stick with developing Stafford into a better player. While Stafford is renowned for his arm strength, he's been a more accurate thrower than Locker over a much larger sample of plays.
Instead, Whisenhunt chose the Titans for reasons yet unknown. It's possible the Lions might not have offered him the same level of control. Detroit's roster is also basically locked in financially by virtue of the huge contracts given to Stafford, Calvin Johnson, and Ndamukong Suh, meaning that Whisenhunt wouldn't be able to reshape the team into his liking the same way he can in Tennessee. The Titans were rumored to be interested in Seattle defensive coordinator Dan Quinn to the extent that they were described as “smitten,” but Quinn's unavailability by virtue of Seattle's playoff run might have pressed Tennessee to opt for its second choice before he went somewhere else.
The jilted Lions, meanwhile, have reportedly set their sights on Ravens offensive coordinator Jim Caldwell and, in the way that jilted partners often find their way to exes, former Titans head coach Mike Munchak. Neither coach seems like a particularly exciting option. Munchak's relatively anonymous tenure in Tennessee was built around clichés and platitudes with little backing when Munchak actually needed his team to act like those talking points. Caldwell is a better candidate in some ways, but his career seems to offer little suggestion that he's a viable head coach.
Caldwell has received glowing endorsements from former Colts colleagues Tony Dungy and Peyton Manning, but he was their handpicked choice to take over for Dungy in 2009, and while the Colts went 14-2 and made it to the Super Bowl during his first year at the helm, things fell apart quickly. Caldwell was a horrific in-game coach, infamously taking a timeout in the following year's playoff loss to the Jets that beggared belief. The next year, with Manning injured, the Colts fell to 2-14 behind a dismal season from Curtis Painter, leading to Caldwell's firing after the season. He took over as Baltimore's offensive coordinator late in the 2012 season and helped lead it to a shocking Super Bowl victory, with the offense — notably, Joe Flacco — taking a huge step forward in the process.
In his first full year at the helm for the Ravens, Caldwell's offense fell apart; the Ravens were 25th in points scored, 30th in DVOA, and nearly became one of the few teams since the merger to average fewer than 3.0 yards per carry. Flacco, who had put together an astounding 11-touchdown, zero-interception Super Bowl run, threw 22 interceptions in his worst season as a pro. The basis for hiring Caldwell comes down to his two seasons as a head coach with the greatest quarterback in the history of football under center. In a way, he's not that much different from Whisenhunt, who looked great with Warner and exhibited little else without him. Sure seems like the path to a great head coach travels through finding a great quarterback first.
In a popular viral video from last week, men appeared to aggressively try to take advantage of a "drunk" woman on Hollywood Boulevard. Although it was presented as a real "social experiment," the men in the video were paid actors who thought they were doing a comedy skit. And now the model who played the fake drunk girl says she was tricked the same way.
Jennifer Box posted a YouTube video to apologize for participating in the deceitful prank, and to clarify that all the guys in the video were "perfect gentlemen." She claims she was told it the shoot was for "a lighthearted prank show."
One of the men told Inside Edition Sunday that Box was the one who approached him and asked him to be in the video. "The actress came up to me and said 'I've seen you around before, seen you in a couple things. Would you mind acting out a role?'" he said.
The directors, Stephen Zhang, 20, and Seth Leach, 22, are viral marketers. Leach has deleted his Twitter and Facebook accounts since the hoax was exposed. Zhang's channel, where the video was posted, has been wiped clean and renamed "video productions," and the original video is now private. It had been viewed 11.5 million times.
Leach initially tried to do damage control after the men in the video complained. "We are going to be huge and you are a part of it. Just go with it dude, you are in our team now and we will take care of you," he told one of them, according to The Smoking Gun.
[h/t Reddit]
The Navy has filed criminal charges against an officer in the “Fat Leonard” scandal, setting the stage for the first military trial in a corruption investigation that has consumed the service for the past four years, documents show.
Navy officials have kept the officer's name a secret since he was charged in March with conspiring with Leonard Glenn Francis, a rotund Malaysian defense contractor, to recruit and bribe other Navy officials to join a massive scheme to defraud the Navy.
On Monday, the Navy released charging documents that deleted the officer's name but listed his rank as an active-duty commander and said he allegedly accepted prostitutes, travel and other gifts worth about $5,000 from Francis in 2012 and 2013.
Among the alleged bribes were a gift of four “suckling pigs,” as well as tickets to a Julio Iglesias concert and a Gucci fashion show for the officer and his wife, according to the charging documents.
Navy officials said the commander's name would be made public at a preliminary hearing next week in Norfolk. If the case proceeds to trial, it would mark the first time the Navy has court-martialed anyone in the scandal.
Francis was arrested by federal agents in 2013 in a sting operation in San Diego and has since pleaded guilty to bribing scores of Navy officials in a decades-long scam to overcharge the Navy at least $35 million for resupplying its ships in Asia.
Since then, the Justice Department has filed federal criminal charges against 21 current and former Navy officials, as well as Francis and five of his employees.
In court filings, the federal investigation has exposed an extensive level of corruption in the Navy's 7th Fleet, which covers maritime operations throughout Asia. Francis ingratiated himself with senior officers and contracting personnel by throwing extravagant parties with prostitutes and, in some cases, bribing Navy officials with envelopes of cash.
[The Navy officials ‘Fat Leonard' took down]
In addition to those facing federal criminal charges, the Justice Department has referred 200 cases involving Navy personnel to the Pentagon for possible discipline or prosecution under military law.
The Navy, however, has been secretive about its investigations and has said little publicly about one of the most embarrassing episodes in its history.
Records show that four admirals have been reprimanded or disciplined for their ties to Francis since 2015, but Navy officials have declined to say how many other personnel have been punished or fined.
Two defense lawyers familiar with the Navy's investigations said that charges have been filed against at least three other Navy officials and that more potential courts-martial are expected in the coming weeks.
In addition to conspiracy, the Navy commander who faces a military court hearing next week has been charged with graft, bribery, making a false official statement, violation of lawful orders and adultery, which is illegal under military law. He is currently assigned to the Naval Air Force Atlantic.
According to the charging documents, the commander accepted bribes from Francis in Singapore, Thailand, South Korea and Hawaii between March 2012 and September 2013.
The last specific offense described in the documents occurred in August 2013, when the commander allegedly sent a message to Francis asking him for a bottle of Cristal Champagne.
Francis was arrested about a month later in San Diego, along with several other defendants in the case.
The face of a skeptic.
Warcraft, the film adaptation of Blizzard's MMO behemoth, has been screened for critics, and reviews now are rolling in quicker than a murloc mob's respawn timer. The consensus? Not great. It seems that Warcraft isn't going to be the sweeping success that finally breaks the videogame movie curse. That said, we'll be reserving judgement until we see it ourselves. Who knows? Maybe Warcraft is a film purely for the fans. But for the average viewer, the accusation so far is that it's an overly earnest, character-driven blockbuster that collapses under the weight of its own ambition.
At the more positive end of the spectrum, The Hollywood Reporter praised its elegant storytelling methods despite the expensive CGI sheen and blockbuster presentation: “Jones and cinematographer Simon Duggan strip things down in a few scenes that have the primal eloquence of classic Westerns: A trip on horseback over mountains becomes an occasion for campsite confessions; a secret meeting in a desolate canyon brings mutual suspicions and unilateral betrayals into the open.”
Variety appreciated the grounded story at the heart of Warcraft, but didn't feel the high fantasy premise was self-aware enough to take seriously: “It's an unwaveringly earnest film that never owns up to exactly how campy every character, every conflict and every new realm truly is.” As for the abundant CGI, “[it] aims for fresh and eye-popping and yet ends up shopworn and rather tacky.”
The usually reliable Foster is reduced to gadding about like a prog-rock Jesus in a series of robes that make him look like he's posing for the side of someone's van. Warcraft movie review, The Wrap
Coming in with the most negative take so far is The Wrap, who critiqued the performances and costume with more verve than a frustrated raid leader, “The cast seems mostly adrift, with only Schnetzer giving what might be considered an actual performance. The usually reliable Foster is reduced to gadding about like a prog-rock Jesus in a series of robes that make him look like he's posing for the side of someone's van, and poor Paula Patton gets saddled with a sad pair of novelty-store fangs.”
Welcome to Rogue Squadron, pilot! In this series, we will be looking at different squadrons you can fly in Fantasy Flight Games X-Wing miniatures game. We give you the squad, what expansion packs all of the upgrades come from and then give you the low down on how best to fly it. Strap in and get ready to fly.
All Wings Report In
Scurrg H-6 Bomber “Captain Nym” (Scurrg H-6 Bomber Expansion) (47 pts) (PS 10)
Once per round, you may prevent a friendly bomb from detonating.
Bomb- Bomblet Generator (Scurrg H-6 Bomber Expansion): When you reveal your maneuver, you may drop 1 Bomblet token. This token detonates at the end of the Activation phase. Bomblet Token: When this token detonates, each ship at Range 1 rolls 2 attack dice and suffers all damage () and critical damage () rolled. Then discard this token.
Bomblet Generator (Scurrg H-6 Bomber Expansion): When you reveal your maneuver, you may drop 1 Bomblet token. This token at the end of the Activation phase. Elite Pilot Talent- Veteran Instincts (Millenium Falcon/Slave-1/Sabine's TIE/Shadowcaster Expansions): Increase your pilot skill value by 2.
Veteran Instincts (Millenium Falcon/Slave-1/Sabine's TIE/Shadowcaster Expansions): Increase your pilot skill value by 2. Salvaged Astromech- Genius (Most Wanted): If you are equipped with a bomb that can be dropped when you reveal your maneuver, you may drop the bomb after you execute your maneuver instead.
Genius (Most Wanted): If you are equipped with a bomb that can be dropped when you reveal your maneuver, you may drop the bomb you execute your maneuver instead. System- Advanced Sensors (E-Wing/Lambda Shuttle): Immediately before you reveal your maneuver, you may perform 1 free action. If you use this ability, you must skip your “Perform Action” step during this round.
Advanced Sensors (E-Wing/Lambda Shuttle): Immediately before you reveal your maneuver, you may perform 1 free action. If you use this ability, you must skip your “Perform Action” step during this round. Title- Havoc (Scurrg H-6 BomberExpansion): Your upgrade bar gains the Salvaged Astromech and System icons and loses the Crew upgrade icon. You cannot equip non-unique Salvaged Astromech Upgrade cards.
Havoc (Scurrg H-6 BomberExpansion): Your upgrade bar gains the Salvaged Astromech and System icons and loses the Crew upgrade icon. You cannot equip non-unique Salvaged Astromech Upgrade cards. Turret – Twin Laser Turret (K-Wing/TIE Aggressor Expansions): Attack (3, range 2-3): Perform this attack twice (even against a ship outside your firing arc). Each time this attack hits, the defender suffers 1 damage. Then cancel all dice results.
– Twin Laser Turret (K-Wing/TIE Aggressor Expansions): Perform this attack (even against a ship outside your firing arc). Each time this attack hits, the defender suffers 1 damage. Then cancel dice results. Modification- Engine Upgrade (Hound's Tooth/Millenium Falcon): Your action bar gains the Boost action icon.
K-Wing “Miranda Doni” (K-Wing Expansion) (50 pts) (PS 8)
Once per round when attacking, you may either spend 1 shield to roll 1 additional attack die or roll 1 fewer attack die to recover 1 shield.
Bomb- Cluster Mines (Ghost/Imperial Veterans/TIE Punisher Expansions): Action: Discard this card to drop 3 cluster mine tokens. When a ship's base or maneuver template overlaps a cluster mine token, that token detonates . Cluster Mines Tokens: When one of these bomb tokens detonates, the ship that moved through or overlapped this token rolls 2 attack dice and suffers 1 damage for each and rolled. Then discard that token.
Cluster Mines (Ghost/Imperial Veterans/TIE Punisher Expansions): Discard this card to 3 cluster mine tokens. When a ship's base or maneuver template overlaps a cluster mine token, that token . Bomb- Ion Bombs (K-Wing/TIE Punisher Expansions): When you reveal your maneuver dial, you may discard this card to drop 1 ion bomb token. This token detonates at the end of the Activation phase. Ion Bombs Token: When this bomb token detonates, each ship at Range 1 of the token receives 2 ion tokens. Then discard this token.
Ion Bombs (K-Wing/TIE Punisher Expansions): When you reveal your maneuver dial, you may discard this card to 1 ion bomb token. This token at the end of the Activation phase. Bomb- Thermal Detonator (Ghost/Quadjumper): When you reveal your maneuver dial, you may discard this card to drop 1 thermal detonator token. This token detonates at the end of the Activation phase. Thermal Detonator Token: When this bomb token detonates, each ship at Range 1 of the token suffers 1 damage and receives 1 stress token. Then discard this token.
Thermal Detonator (Ghost/Quadjumper): When you reveal your maneuver dial, you may discard this card to 1 thermal detonator token. This token at the end of the Activation phase. Crew- Sabine Wren (Ghost Expansion): Your upgrade bar gains the Bomb upgrade icon. Once per round, before a friendly bomb token is removed, choose 1 enemy ship at Range 1 of that token. That ship suffers 1 damage.
Sabine Wren (Ghost Expansion): Your upgrade bar gains the Bomb upgrade icon. Once per round, before a friendly bomb token is removed, choose 1 enemy ship at Range 1 of that token. That ship suffers 1 damage. Torpedo- Extra Munitions (K-Wing/TIE Punisher Expansions): When you equip this card, place 1 ordnance token on each equipped Bomb, Missile , and Torpedo Upgrade card. When you are instructed to discard an Upgrade card, you may discard 1 ordnance token on that card instead.
Extra Munitions (K-Wing/TIE Punisher Expansions): When you equip this card, place 1 ordnance token on each equipped Bomb, Missile , and Torpedo Upgrade card. When you are instructed to discard an Upgrade card, you may discard 1 ordnance token on that card instead. Turret- Twin Laser Turret (K-Wing/TIE Aggressor Expansions): Attack (3, range 2-3): Perform this attack twice (even against a ship outside your firing arc). Each time this attack hits, the defender suffers 1 damage. Then cancel all dice results.
Twin Laser Turret (K-Wing/TIE Aggressor Expansions): Perform this attack (even against a ship outside your firing arc). Each time this attack hits, the defender suffers 1 damage. Then cancel dice results. Modification- Advanced SLAM (K-Wing Expansion): After performing a SLAM action, if you did not overlap an obstacle or another ship, you may perform a free action.
Lock S-Foils in Attack Position
Do you like bombs? Do you like feeling the hatred of your opponent? Then this list might be for you. I had a lot of fun flying this list, some of my opponents did not have a particularly good time flying against it. But for the first time after several years of playing X-wing I won a store championship (against a Fur Ship Rebels list no less).
This list is all about board control. With Nym's ability to delay bomb detonation you can drop a bomb in your opponent's path and then just keep it from going off until they fly into it. Thanks to Bomblet you can do this every round without worry about running out of bombs. This can really mess with your opponents flight plan, forcing them to take a bomb, run away or fly through the rocks. With your TLT's you like to stay at range 3 anyways so you have a lot of options on where to put yourself and still get shots off.
Over the course of two store championships, I lost three games; twice to triple jumps and once to a five unguided rocket/LWG bomber swarm. Those two lists put out good damage and a crap ton of health. That is your main weakness; damage output is pretty poor. If you have to chew through 30pts of health in 75min you might be in trouble. You also can't tank worth a damn so spike damage, like torpedoes, will mess you up. And while bombs are good, they are one to two damage at a time. Or none if your bomblet rolls are terrible. I once dropped a bomblet onto three ships and did zero damage (Sabine was already dead).
Miranda is pretty standard. She wants to pick at ships from long range, dropping bombs behind her to keep anyone from flying too close. Thanks to Nym, she can make great use of her bombs for board control as well. Using Thermals and Ion bombs you can set up a “no-go” zone where if your opponent decides to eat the bomb damage, they then have to deal with being stressed or ioned in a position that is hard to escape from.
Nym is your wildcard. Unlike Miranda, he does not have regen so will die pretty fast when he starts taking damage. However, with Advanced Sensors, innate barrel roll and Engine Upgrade for Boost, he can be incredibly slippery to pin down. Adding Genius on top of that means you can drop a bomb in so many places it is almost impossible for your opponent to avoid. One fun combo is to use Genius to drop your bomb after moving, hold it with Nym and the next round drop another bomblet on top of it. Thanks to being PS10 you will know that both bombs will go off on the same target(s).
Variations
There are a lot of ways to build this list. There are so many good upgrade slots. I originally took this list with Autoblaster/Accuracy Corrector combo on Nym. He's a real danger to ships at close range. But I decided the TLT serves him better because he also dies really quickly at close range. Still made second in a store championship.
What bombs you take are really dealer's choice. They are all good in the right circumstances. The first version I flew had Conner Net instead of Cluster Mines. Comboed with Ion bombs I ioned an almost full health Jumpmaster off the board. Fun times.
Advanced SLAM is probably something you want to switch out. The leaked FAQ indicates it won't allow you to drop bombs after SLAMing anymore so what's the point of it? Fortunately, I only really used ASLAM once to good effect in my games so you won't miss it. Long Range Sensors would make a great option so Miranda can be a little more accurate. Or giving Miranda Vectored Thrusters to get some barrel rolls. Those would have come in handy a few times in my games.
Having an initiative bid is pretty important. You want Nym to move last so you can make full use of your maneuvering shenanigans to get the bomb in the perfect spot. With things like Poe/Rey being a thing 10/8 is pretty common. First time I flew this I did not have the three point initiative and lost the roll vs a Poe/Rey which made things tough.
Comments
comments
UFC Strawweight Champion Joanna Jedrzejczyk, who will compete against Rose Namajunas at the UFC 217 on November 4 at Madison Square Garden, opened up to Us Weekly exclusively with 25 fun tidbits you may not know about her ahead of the big fight.
1. My fans always pump me up before a fight, so I like to see them right before I go out and I fight for them.
2. I love old-school hip-hop like Tupac. If he was still alive, he would be the Michael Jackson of hip-hop.
Most Shocking Celebrity Deaths of All Time
3. I would be the emoji with the tongue sticking out on the side. I think it represents people who like to eat and I'm always looking for good food.
4. I love Buffalo Wild Wings' Mango Habanero and I'm always eating spicy food. I remember Ronda Rousey used to say, “Now it's time for the wings and beer” after every press conference and I couldn't understand why she loved wings so much, but I tried them and became obsessed.
5. My celebrity crush is Justin Timberlake and I've been starstruck by him!
Most Shocking Live TV Moments of All Time
6. If I could have a superpower, I would want the ability to make people happy.
7. When I eat pizza, I like to have it with thick crust and a lot of meat.
8. I am addicted to coffee. I only remember two Christmas presents – a camera that my parents gave me when I was younger and a Jura coffee maker from Switzerland.
9. I like to wear fuzzy slippers around the house.
11 Faux Fur Coats to Keep Cozy in This Winter
10. My nickname when I was younger was Bubba. I chewed Hubba Bubba chewing gum every day, so everyone called me Bubba.
11. I've always been a big fan of Mercedes-Benz, but the first car I was able to buy myself was a Hyundai Elantra.
12. Thailand is the best place that I have ever traveled to. It stole my heart and it's so beautiful.
13. I would tell my younger self to enjoy the ride a little more. I had a lot of good times and bad times, and both helped me grow as a person. I wish I appreciated everything as much as I do now.
Celebrity Kids on the Red Carpet: Then and Now
14. Besides English and Polish, I don't speak any other languages. After I retire, I plan to learn Spanish and I've always wanted to study in Spain.
15. I live by the motto, “Per aspera ad astra,” which means “through hardships to the stars.”
16. “Santa Claus Is Coming to Town” is my favorite song to sing in the shower or car and that's it! I cannot sing!
17. My guilty pleasure is buying a lot of sneakers. I am a big sneaker head and I have way too many pairs!
These Are The Shoes You'll Want to Update Your Fall Wardrobe
18. I love Instagram because I'm very close with my family and friends, and it allows me to share my life with them from all over the world.
19. I would bring my UFC belt, my coffee machine with a solar energy panel and baby oil if I was stuck on a desert island.
20. I have very sensitive senses, so I'm always smelling myself to make sure I don't have an odor. I also smell clothing before I buy it. Not in a weird way – I just don't want to be smelly!
Karlie Kloss' Stylist Reveals Her Must-Try Fall Trends
21. My favorite athletes are Ronda Rousey and Conor McGregor. Ronda is a badass and she has done so much for female athletes and the sport of MMA. I love Conor because we are similar in that we believe what we say and we make our words come true.
22. I love wearing skinny jeans and cannot live without them!
23. I look up to Adriana Lima because she's my friend and a badass. She showed me how challenging it can be to be a model. She works just as hard as professional athlete and I have so much respect for her and other models around the world.
Supermodels: Then and Now
24. I'm always active, so a bike ride helps me chill out.
25. My biggest fear is to lose. I want to retire with an undefeated record. It's my dream, and I will do everything in my power to make that happen.
Be sure to get tickets to see Jedrzejczyk compete against Namajunas here!
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
THR tallied 48 acceptance speeches so far to see who's getting the most praise this Oscar season.
Directors (at 24 mentions) received the most thanks from their accolades-winning actors (among the thanked helmers: Tom Hooper, Ben Affleck and David O. Russell), followed by cast (18), producer (13), writer and crew (12), fellow nominees and spouses (10) and family (nine). Below are some of the most memorable anecdotes and interesting figures The Hollywood Reporter pulled from the 48 acceptance speeches tallied.
Harvey Weinstein was thanked five times more than God
Nine-year-old Beasts of the Southern Wild star Quvenzhane Wallis was the only person to thank God this year. When reading the acceptance speech for her best young actor/actress win at the Critics' Choice Awards off her iPhone, the youngest best actress Oscar nominee in history said: "Thanks. Hello. First I would like to thank God for all my blessings."
On the flip side, Jennifer Lawrence appeared onstage three times accepting awards for Silver Linings Playbook the best actress wins. All three times she gave a personal shout-out to Harvey Weinstein, calling him a rascal twice. Upon her Golden Globe win, she thanked him for "killing whoever you had to kill to get me up here today." The other Weinstein acknowledgments came from Lawrence's Silver Linings co-star Bradley Cooper at the Critics' Choice and Christoph Waltz for his Django Unchained best supporting actor win at the Golden Globes.
PHOTOS: Oscars 2013: 16 Icons Come Together for THR's Oscar Issue
Directors received most thanks
With a total of 24, directors were the most-thanked group this awards season. Anne Hathaway and Lawrence alone thanked their directors four times each. Speaking of director, Affleck appeared onstage a total of 11 times accepting on behalf of Argo.
The Academy got "thanked" once
In a joking aside during his best director win at the Critics' Choice Awards, the Oscar-snubbed Affleck began his speech with: "I would thank the Academy. I'm kidding, I'm kidding. This is the one that counts." The jab came on the same day the Argo helmer was left out of the best director race for the Academy Awards on nominations morning.
STORY: THR's Oscar Icons Portfolio: Naomi Watts, Steven Spielberg, Michael Moore
Universal and Warner Bros. tied for most-thanked studio
Thank-yous abounded for Universal's Les Miserables (Hathaway and Hugh Jackman both won for the film this awards season) and Warner Bros.' Argo (Affleck and producer Grant Heslov were the speech-givers), with the studios receiving five thanks each. Next was Fox with four thanks, represented by speeches from Life of Pi director Ang Lee at the DGAs and best score winner Mychael Danna at the Golden Globes. Disney was the least-thanked studio, receiving a sole mention during an acceptance speech for Brave's best animated feature win at the Globes.
MTV received a shout-out
Upon receiving her best actress win at the SAG Awards, Lawrence said: "I want to thank MTV. I earned my SAG card when I was 14. I did an MTV promo for My Super Sweet 16. And I remember getting it in the mail and it being the best day of my entire life because it officially made me a professional actor, which put me in the category with all of you."
Medicaid enrollment under Obamacare is skyrocketing past expectations, giving some GOP governors who oppose the program's expansion under the health law an “I told you so” moment.
More than 12 million people have signed up for Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act since January 2014, and in some states that embraced that piece of the law, enrollment is hundreds of thousands beyond initial projections. Seven states have seen particularly big surges, with their overruns totaling nearly 1.4 million low-income adults.
Story Continued Below
The federal government is picking up 100 percent of the expansion costs through 2016, and then will gradually cut back to 90 percent. But some conservatives say the costs that will fall on the states are just too big a burden, and they see vindication in the signup numbers, proof that costs will be more than projected as they have warned all along.
Obamacare originally expanded Medicaid — which traditionally served poor children, pregnant women and the disabled — to all childless low-income adults with incomes up to 138 percent of the federal poverty level (about $16,250 for an individual) across the country. But the Supreme Court made expansion optional in 2012. And 21 states, mostly with GOP governors, have resisted.
“The expansion of Obamacare will cost our state taxpayers $5 billion,” Florida Gov. Rick Scott said in an interview with POLITICO last week, referring to the 10-year cost. “Name the health care program — I think the only one is Medicare Part D — that cost less than what they initially anticipated…Historically, if you look at the numbers, with the growth in Medicare costs, Medicaid costs, it's always multiples.” A bitter critic of Obamacare, Scott at one point surprisingly backed expansion, but withdrew his support earlier this year. His state legislature is deeply split on Medicaid policy.
In some states that did expand, the take-up has been startling — the result, officials say, of significant pent-up demand for coverage. In Illinois, nearly 541,000 people had signed up as of December, far beyond the 199,000 adults the state had estimated would enroll in 2014. The numbers increased to nearly 634,000 as of April.
In Washington, 535,000 people had signed up as of March — already beating the state's January 2018 goal. Officials' projection for March had been just 190,365 newly eligible enrollees.
In Michigan, where the first-year enrollment projection was 323,000 people, sign-ups hit 605,000 before falling back to 582,000 earlier this month. Kentucky signed up nearly 311,000 new adults by the end of its 2014 fiscal year , more than double its initial projection of 148,000. And in February 2014, Minnesota forecast that 147,000 newly eligible adults would enroll by December, but actual enrollment that month was at nearly 194,000.
Supporters of Obamacare say the enrollment surge might lead to some budget bumps down the road, but that the historic decline in the uninsured is a major achievement. In addition, they say the expansion is providing significant health and economic benefits to states that more than offset costs.
States — and hospitals and doctors — are getting billions of dollars from the federal government to cover low-income people, letting them save money on other programs that had been fully or partly funded through state dollars.
“Can we afford not to do this?” asked Audrey Haynes, secretary of Kentucky's Cabinet for Health and Family Services under Democratic Gov. Steve Beshear. Kentucky under Beshear has fully implemented Obamacare, and it's seen the second largest decline in its uninsured rate, after Arkansas.
But the money remains a concern not just for foes of expansion like Scott, but for GOP governors like Utah's Gary Herbert who are trying to come up with some way for their states to expand. Herbert met with HHS Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell in late April and later voiced worries that any form of expansion could mean Medicaid consumes an even bigger chunk of the state budget starting in 2017.
“We're trying to cover as many people as we can afford,” said Herbert, a Republican who supports expansion but has not yet managed to find the right mix of ACA expansion and conservative variants to bring his legislature on board. “Is it 90,000 or 110,000 people? I don't know what that's going to work out to be right now.”
The enrollment surge underscores those fiscal fears.
“If you're spending twice as much on this program than expected, that's twice as much money that's being added to the national debt,” said Nicholas Horton with the Foundation for Government Accountability, a conservative think tank that has sought to highlight how much expansion enrollment has gone beyond expectations. Even if the states don't pay nearly as much as the federal government for Medicaid expansion, he said, “You're still going to spend more money overall. That's still taxpayer money.”
Colorado has repeatedly revised its average enrollment estimates to account for increases. Early on, officials had projected that for the fiscal year ending June 30, about 144,000 new adults would be covered in any given month. In November, they bumped the number to nearly 205,000. It currently stands at about 234,000.
Beyond the low-income adults that became newly eligible for Medicaid because of the health care law, states have long feared the budget impacts of the “woodwork effect” — people previously eligible for Medicaid who are only enrolling now because of the broader outreach surrounding Obamacare. Generally, even the states that have shunned Obamacare Medicaid expansion are seeing enrollment growth. The federal government does not cover as much of traditional Medicaid costs; on average, the feds' share is 57 percent and the states pay the rest.
That “woodwork” phenomenon could create budget concerns for states if enrollment is significantly higher than projections, acknowledged Matt Salo, executive director of the National Association of Medicaid Directors. But even that outcome, he stressed, “still solves a health care problem.” These people are now insured, and that could lead to less cost-shifting and crisis care that was also a fiscal strain on states.
And for states that expanded under the ACA, he said, “you don't do an expansion and hope no one comes.”
“Everything's got to make sense in a budgetary environment,” Salo said. “But you balance that with, isn't this what you were trying to accomplish?”
In California, a spokesperson for the Department of Health Care Services said enrollment for new low-income adults has been on par with projections, but as of March enrollment of those previously eligible for Medicaid was about 200,000 people higher than expected. Kentucky similarly had expected about 17,000 of the previously-eligible population to sign up, but enrolled nearly 37,000.
But Haynes points to a Deloitte report that shows the substantial economic benefits Kentucky has gained from expanding Medicaid. In 2014, 12,000 jobs were created, the report said. And had the state not expanded, it would have incurred nearly $100 million in costs between 2014 and 2021.
Some state officials say that even though enrollment ballooned in the first year, the trend may be leveling off. Michigan says while enrollment to date has exceeded estimates, the numbers have started to decline as it begins annual redeterminations to make sure beneficiaries are still eligible for coverage.
In Ohio, where John Kasich was among the first GOP governors to embrace the ACA expansion, officials expected 366,000 people to enroll in the first year; more than 485,000 did. The numbers as of March stood at nearly 528,000.
Ohio Medicaid spokesman Sam Rossi says in spite of the higher expansion enrollment, overall Medicaid enrollment remains below projections by roughly 27,000 people because the state hasn't seen as much “woodwork effect” as it anticipated. He adds that total Medicaid general revenue spending as of March was below estimates by $330 million.
Nathan Johnson, the chief policy officer for Washington state's Health Care Authority, said that in some ways the booming Medicaid enrollment growth isn't surprising. But the exact reasons as to why projections were so off have yet to be identified.
“We still assume that it'll more than break even in terms of the financial component, even after higher than expected enrollment,” he said. A recent report funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation seeks to quantify the state's savings from expansion, but it assumes Washington will only have 480,000 newly eligible enrollees in the current fiscal year — a figure that has already been exceeded.
Haynes, of Kentucky, has strong words for the states that are shying away from enacting the Obamacare coverage expansion. Every state is tight on money, and people who say they can't give health care to the poorest individuals either don't understand the issue or it's “political fodder.”
“It is usually a political decision, not a policy and economic decision,” she adds. “[Expansion foes] can make up whatever they want, to dispute those facts. But it's made up. These are the facts.”
Follow @politico
Franklin Graham: ‘In Bible, Rain Is Sign Of God's Blessing', Rain Begins To Pour Down As Trump Takes Stage (Video)
A Sign Delivered From God
President Donald J. Trump was named the 45th President of the United States of America on Friday in Washington D.C.
During his inauguration there were many special moments, but perhaps none more special than this than the message from Franklin Graham.
From CBS Philly:
Trump also touched on religion in his speech, saying, “We will be protected by God.” Following Trump's first address as president, Rev. Franklin Graham referenced that it started to rain when Trump stepped to the podium and that rain is a sign of God's blessing. “In the Bible, rain is the sign of God's blessing, and it started to rain, Mr. President, when you came to the platform,” Graham said.
Video
Redskins wide receivers DeSean Jackson, left, and Pierre Garcon are free agents. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
The Kirk Cousins-Redskins contract watch has dominated the offseason conversation, but uncertainty — and a degree of uneasiness — also has loomed over Washington's other impending free agents.
To date, the team hasn't engaged in talks with any of its players with expiring contracts. The list includes wide receivers Pierre Garcon, DeSean Jackson, tight end Vernon Davis, defensive end Chris Baker and restricted free agents like Chris Thompson, linebacker Will Compton and tackle Ty Nsekhe.
Thus far, Washington has only re-signed one of its players with expiring contracts: long-snapper Nick Sundberg.
[Jenkins: Cousins will make the Redskins pay no matter where he ends up]
But a lack of activity doesn't reflect a lack of interest, or that the Redskins are content to let all of those players test the free agent market.
Multiple people close to the situation said that Redskins officials plan to meet with the representatives of their impending free agents next week when the league takes over Indianapolis for the NFL Scouting Combine.
Draft prospect evaluations and interviews will consume much of the time, but team officials and agents also carve out time for meetings to discuss their players' contracts.
[Jameis Winston would love to have DeSean Jackson on the Bucs]
Next week will make for a busy time, because Wednesday, March 1, not only kicks off the combine, but it also marks the deadline for teams to use their franchise player tags. Redskins officials and their counterparts will get a better idea of what opposing players will hit the free agent market the following week.
Washington followed the same approach to free agency last season, when the team remained quiet rather than working throughout the winter to re-sign its own players with expiring contracts. Team officials held talks with agents at the combine, and then just before the start of the league's free agency negotiating window, the Redskins made a flurry of re-signings.
Washington's most notable free agents (aside from Cousins) are Garcon and Jackson, who both are expected to draw a good deal of interest on the open market if the Redskins haven't re-signed them before the March 7 negotiation window opens. The Redskins are believed to have a stronger desire to retain Garcon's services, people familiar with the situation have said. However, team officials seem lukewarm on Jackson, and aren't expected to be able to afford to re-sign both because they're each expected to command contracts that will pay them in the neighborhood of $9 million to $11 million per year.
Loading ... Loading ...
In Somalia, a U.S.-led “war on terror” has led to a rise in extremism that has exacerbated the country's famine, while in Yemen, a Saudi blockade has prevented much-needed food from reaching its people. And yet, many in the West remain unaware of their plight.
In a part of the world where little attention is given beyond the briefest of news flashes, there is an ongoing famine impacting countless lives. Spurred in part by both drought and war, a famine is now casting its long shadow over millions of people across the Middle East and many parts of Africa.
Foreign interventionism, U.S. arms manufacturing and humanitarian aid that often comes too little and too late have helped twist a knife in wounds made by war and colonialism. This endless, man-made cycle continues to unleash devastating consequences.
Somalia, where the U.S. has been waging a covert drone war, is no stranger to famine. Between 2011 and 2012, over 260,000 died, half of them children under the age of 5, making it the worst famine in the last 25 years. Data from Somalia's Food Security and Nutrition Analysis Unit (FSNAU) shows that 4.6 percent of the total population and 10 percent of children under 5 died in southern and central Somalia alone during that time.
The report argues that a combination of events led to the devastating famine, starting with weather conditions, which were the driest seen in the eastern Horn of Africa in 60 years. The organization found that “the result was widespread livestock deaths, the smallest cereal harvest since the 1991-94 civil war, and a major drop in labor demand, which reduced household income.”
In addition, the amount of humanitarian aid delivered to southern Somalia in 2010 and 2011 was exceptionally low, “especially compared to 2008-2009, when food aid accounted for a significant proportion of national cereal supply.” Not mentioned in FSNAU's report is the U.S.-led “war on terror” and wider counter-terrorism policies, which have brought about the rise of extremist groups like al-Shabaab.
These groups have used humanitarian aid as tools in their arsenal, largely due to not being able to trust Western aid. Madeleine Bunting, the associate editor for The Guardian, argues that “al-Shabaab's suspicion is rooted in the experience of a decade of devious U.S. manipulation. Somalia has been the war on terror's sideshow.”
The theft of resources and the wider impact of British colonialism in Somalia have left a mark on the country. In recent times, the United States has continued to pillage Somalia for resources while clamping down with military might. In 1993, during the Clinton presidency, images of famine and war were used by the administration to convince Americans that their support of U.S. military efforts was necessary – a kind of “humanitarian imperialism” that continues today.
“We went [to Somalia] because only the United States could help stop one of the great human tragedies of this time,” Clinton said. “In a sense, we came to Somalia to rescue innocent people in a burning house.” What Bill Clinton didn't disclose was that the United States was one of the primary reasons why the house was on fire to begin with, and military efforts would not be putting out the flames.
In 2014, Somalia's petroleum ministry accused the Norwegian oil company DNO of exploiting Somalia. In an official statement, the ministry argued that small [oil] companies “are destabilizing the country and destroying the international community's effort to build the peace and the security of the country.” The ministry went on to accuse DNO of “introducing armed militiamen in areas already in conflict and thereby stoking old feuds which resulted in internal displacement and harming the innocent and the most vulnerable people.”
25-year-old Liban Adam, a Minnesota resident, and community organizer, told MintPress that the last two years have been especially difficult on the people of Somalia, compelling Adam, and other community members to start donation campaigns for famine relief. They managed to raise $200,000 in March.
“This last famine affected half of the population of Somalia, and this includes many families living in rural and urban settings. The impact from the lack of rain and emergency planning led to livestock not having enough food, and people not seeing crop output. It was a ripple effect and it touched many families in a personal way,” Adam said.
The reaction from the Somali diaspora has been swift and energized, with their mobilization efforts in Minnesota helping to provide aid to thousands by way of food distribution, water programs and medical emergency kits. Through organizations like The Somali Care Foundation, Adam and other members of his community are helping many victims of famine and hunger. “We aim to teach families to be sustainable and show them how they can move forward by themselves. We will continue to the find the best solutions to help and fight poverty in any country that needs help,” he said.
Adam explained that members of Somalia's diaspora community are mobilizing in any way that they can, “from collecting funds from events to spreading the message to popular singers and talking about the issues with those around them. In that moment there was a genuine sense of unity to fight against the famine, despite our differences,” he said.
Yemenis feeling brunt of Saudi blockade of food aid
In Yemen, Saudi coalition forces have killed entire families in bombing raids, right at the tail end of a war that is in its third year. Fuad Rajeh, a resident of Yemen's city of Sana'a, told MintPress that what he's witnessed in Yemen can only be described as the world's largest humanitarian crisis.
“People are dying from hunger or committing suicide because of it. In Sana'a, families are living in harsh conditions: many have one meal a day, and some can't find a meal for days,” he said. The overall situation in Yemen is “catastrophic” in Rajeh's words, and it is impacting everyone “without exception.”
According to Rajeh, nearly 21 million people across the country, or more than two-thirds of the population, are in desperate need of some kind of assistance. The United Nations has found that some 9.8 million Yemenis currently require immediate assistance in order to stay alive, while 10.8 million require humanitarian assistance “to stabilize their situation and to prevent them from slipping into acute need.”
In Taiz and Hodeidah, two of Yemen's most densely-populated cities, the situation is steadily worsening. Due to the ongoing war and Saudi-led blockade, these cities are not receiving enough aid, including food and medical supplies. In Hodeidah, which is home to Yemen's main port, war threatens to disrupt food access, as the port is the point of entry for almost 80 percent of the country's food imports. Residents are now forced to starve to death, with little chance of escape.
Rajeh, a 39-year-old journalist and translator, has seen the impact of the war and famine first-hand. “My family is struggling like other families,” he admitted. “The war has affected everyone and every family in Yemen without exception. Everyone is suffering.”
Rajeh added that basic services in Yemen are collapsing, with many places having lacked food, water, medicine, electricity and security since April 2015. The country's agricultural industry has also been heavily impacted by the war, as airstrikes that have targeted farms and wells have further compounded the nation's suffering.
In regards to medicine, there are acute shortages of many pharmaceutical products, especially for those with chronic illnesses. The cost of medicine and other related products has increased dramatically. “Yemen's health care system is collapsing,” Rajeh said.
“Less than 45 percent of the country's hospitals are operational at the moment and are coping with huge challenges on top of which is a lack of medicine and other medical requirements and staff.” But despite warnings from relief agencies, Saudi Arabia and its allies, including the U.S., have continued to assist in the blockade and bombing of Yemen, with the U.S. providing arms. By blocking vital naval ports, Saudi Arabia is facilitating a famine that is unlike any other in recent memory.
Author and investigative journalist Gareth Porter argues that Saudi Arabia has been intentionally “choking off access to food and fuel for most of Yemen's population” so as to increase pressure on the local resistance. Saudi Arabia's tactics have included targeting emergency services, such as hospitals, and agricultural infrastructure that is already under pressure.
“The consequences of the blockade on the nutrition and health of the civilian population were bound to be devastating,” he writes. All the while, the previous U.S. administration was well aware of Saudi Arabia's tactics and the current administration has renewed arms deals with the Kingdom. Despite Saudi Arabia's flagrant human rights violations, they've managed to gain a 3-year seat at the United Nation's Human Rights Council, giving the Kingdom a chance to influence the self-described “principle human rights body.”
The sinister mix of warfare and drought has led to fast-spreading crop destruction, which has produced long-term agricultural impacts, including food shortages and starvation. All of this has resulted in the deaths of countless people who, for much of the outside world, do not exist. But as Rajeh and others explained, the impact this has had on these people has been immediate and unmeasurable.
The consequences of arms dealing and global warfare in Somalia, Yemen and other oft-forgotten countries serves as a prescient warning – should this continue, as many aid organizations believe it will, the results will be far more catastrophic for those most in need.
Written by Roqayah Chamseddine
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
Undaunted by the poor receptions for Allen Gregory and Napoleon Dynamite, Fox is still pushing to develop more animated comedies, given that The Simpsons only has approximately 15 or so seasons left, and the 30 Koreans chained up in a basement known collectively as “Seth MacFarlane” can only produce so much. To that end they've ordered a potential new series from American Dad co-creator Mike Barker titled Working Class Hero, which would star the voice of Patton Oswalt as a superhero in a world where “superhero” is just another low-paying government job, and having superpowers doesn't make you any more equipped to deal with co-workers or your family. Except, you could probably crush them or throw them into the sun or something, but then you wouldn't have the conflict that is so crucial to situation comedy, and thus here we are.
Advertisement
With the Islamic State's stronghold over areas in Syria and Iraq quickly slipping, ISIS is now boasting that Muslims born in the United States will become an army of conquest and are “getting ready for the battle in their homeland”.
According to an article in the Spectator by BBC world affairs correspondent Paul Wood, “A document is circulating among Isis members through text messages and Twitter. Titled ‘The caliphate will not perish,' it is a series of morale-boosting declarations by Isis leaders, living and dead.”
The document makes it clear that when ISIS loses its territory, which could happen in just weeks or months, a “virtual caliphate” will replace the physical one, with a new generation of jihadis inspired to continue the fight.
In the document, a member of the Isis Shura Council “boasts that Muslims born in the US will become an army of conquest,” according to Wood.
“They are getting ready for the battle in their homeland. Today the caliphate is in Iraq and Syria. Tomorrow, it will be in the White House,” asserts the ISIS council member.
Wood also spoke to Rolf Holmboe, a former Danish ambassador to Syria, who told him that nine out of ten Danish ISIS fighters (ethnic Danes and immigrants) have made it back into Denmark and that some “were being instructed to smuggle themselves back for operations”.
“There could obviously be an upsurge in terror attacks in Europe and in the western world as revenge for the fall of the caliphate,” Holmboe told Wood.
This clearly exonerates Donald Trump and his supporters who are concerned about jihadists using the refugee red carpet to smuggle themselves into the west to carry out deadly attacks.
As we reported back in 2015, an ISIS manifesto bragged about how the terror organization brags has exploited the refugee program to send jihadist sleeper cells to Europe since 2012
“No doubt, some of these refugees were undercover fighters of Al Qa'idah and the Islamic State,” the ISIS manifesto stated. “They were quick to take the opportunity of entering into the different countries of Europe (most probably as early as 2012).”
“All this was happening under the nose of the European intelligence services whose job during this time (2012) was only to prevent European Muslims from entering Syria. (This shows how quick the Islamic groups were in planning ahead. Years before Europe even knew where its Muslim citizens were going – experienced Islamic fighters had already found safety in Europe.)”
The document also revealed how Muslims were being radicalized inside Islamic ghettos that the left still refuses to acknowledge even exist despite ongoing riots and violent unrest in cities like Stockholm, Malmo and Paris.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
Not many security experts like the term 'cyberwar', and Mikko Hyppönen used to be one of them. But in the wake of recent attacks on critical infrastructure in Ukraine and a rise in the sophistication of nation-state hacking, something changed along the way.
"I have changed my opinion about cyberwar," Hyppönen told IBTimes UK. "I used to hate the word and I would always explain to people that whenever you hear or see headlines about cyberwar it's never war – it's typically spying or espionage – which is not war. Even if its nation states doing it, that's not war."
Hyppönen, who has been the chief research officer at Helsinki-based security firm F-Secure since the early 1990s, is well known in security circles for both his knowledge of malware and programming, and his straight-talking attitude when it comes to issues relating to state-sponsored spying, hacktivism and cybercrime.
He told IBTimes UK it was the hacking incident in Ukraine last year that changed his mind on the nuances of the much-criticised term. "When you look what happened in Ukraine, when you have two countries that are at war and you have an attack on critical infrastructure that is not stealing anything, but [instead] shutting down power for 200,000 people, that's not espionage, that's not spying – in my book that's cyberwar," he says.
To this end, Hyppönen believes we are now "at the very beginning of the next arms race". This – he argues – will bring clear advantages for the governments large enough to conduct cyber-operations, although it could mean trouble for the citizens caught in the middle.
"We have just got out of the last arms race, which was the nuclear arms race, and now we are entering the next one and it's in the very beginning," he says. "The benefits for governments are very clear. It's cheaper, it's more effective and it's easier to target than traditional attacks. Traditional attacks are not going to go away, they are just going to be additional – just like we saw in Ukraine, it's now part of the picture."
This stance on cyber-operations bolstering traditional wartime techniques is evidenced by the evolving public position of the US military. Most recently, officials admitted to deploying cyberattacks against the so-called Islamic State to disrupt the communications of those planning terrorism. The UK, meanwhile, is rapidly pouring money into cybersecurity schemes.
"One of the reasons governments like [cyber-ops] is because they are deniable," said Hyppönen. Referencing the legendary 'Stuxnet' virus that was deployed in an Israeli-American operation and used to sabotage Iranian nuclear ambitions, the F-Secure expert said that attribution is always a problem – even if the culprit can sometimes seem obvious. "With Stuxnet, I mean, everybody knows it was the Americans but we can't actually prove that," he said. "And that's exactly what they want – it's deniable all the way to the end."
"We are not supposed to f**k with those people"
The evolution of cyberwarfare has a number of key differences to the nuclear capabilities that came to define the Cold War era, Hyppönen believes.
"The biggest difference between this arms race and the previous arms race is that the power of nuclear weapons was in deterrent. You knew who had the nuclear weapons. There are still today countries that have nuclear weapons, including the UK. You know who they are because the countries that do have them conduct nuclear testing. So then you know 'we are not supposed to f**k with those people'. It's a deterrent. In this arms race, that doesn't work at all," he says.
As such, this new landscape is constantly shifting and unpredictable. "What is the cyber arms capability of, say, Argentina or Vietnam? We have no idea," he warns. "We are in the dark, so the power of cyber arms is not in deterrent, it's in actual use of the weapons."
Indeed, some nations, such as North Korea or Iran, have continued to ramp up use of cyberattacks in recent years. The hack at Sony Pictures in 2014 or the breach of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) last year are only two examples of the sheer devastation a successful cyberattack can cause.
Looking forward, Hyppönen believes we will eventually need a cyber version of the 'Geneva Convention' to regulate the use of technical warfare – and even rules around cyber-disarmament. "One day we will have things like 'when you use cyber arms to attack an enemy the malicious software attacks must not work forever' or rules like when you are in the real-world saying 'you must wear the uniform and wear your flag'."
For now though, things are likely to get worse before they get better. Hyppönen warns, "All these things are way in the future."
In JavaScript, a regular expression is simply a type of object that is used to match character combinations in strings.
Make your first Regular Expression
There are two ways to construct a regular expression, by using a regular expression literal, or by using the regular expression constructor. Below, you'll see an example of each of the methods. Each represent the same pattern — the character ‘c' followed by ‘a' followed by ‘t'.
// Regular Expression Literal - Uses slashes ( / ) to enclose
var option1 = /cat/;
// Regular Expression Constructor
var option2 = new RegExp("cat");
As a general rule, if your regular expression will remain constant, i.e. your expression will not be changing, it is best to use a regex literal. If your regular expression will be changing, or relying on other variables, it is better to use the constructor method.
RegExp.prototype.test()
Remember when I said a regular expression is an object? This means they have a number of methods we can use. The most basic method is tested, which returns a Boolean:
True: the string contains a match of the regex pattern
False: no match found
console.log(/cat/.test(“the cat says meow”));
// true
console.log(/cat/.test(“the dog says bark”));
// false
Basic Regex Cheat Sheet
Honestly, the trick to learning regular expressions is memorizing the common character groups and symbols. I strongly encourage you to take a few hours and memorize the table below, then come back and we'll continue learning. If you prefer to learn as you read, I'll still introduce everything as we go, you just may have to refer back here from time to time.
Symbols
. — (period) Matches any single character, except for line breaks.
— (period) Matches any single character, except for line breaks. * — Matches the preceding expression 0 or more times.
— Matches the preceding expression 0 or more times. + — Matches the preceding expression 1 or more times.
— Matches the preceding expression 1 or more times. ? — Preceding expression is optional (Matches 0 or 1 times).
— Preceding expression is optional (Matches 0 or 1 times). ^ — Matches the beginning of the string.
— Matches the beginning of the string. $ — Matches the end of the string.
Character groups
\d — Matches any single digit character.
— Matches any single digit character. \w — Matches any word character (alphanumeric & underscore).
— Matches any word character (alphanumeric & underscore). [XYZ] — Character Set: Matches any single character from the character within the brackets. You can also do a range such as [A-Z]
— Character Set: Matches any single character from the character within the brackets. You can also do a range such as [XYZ]+ — Matches one or more of any of the characters in the set.
— Matches one or more of any of the characters in the set. [^A-Z] — Inside a character set, the ^ is used for negation. In this example, match anything that is NOT an uppercase letter.
Flags:
There are five optional flags. They can be used separately or together and are placed after the closing slash. Example: /[A-Z]/ g I'll only be introducing 2 here.
I'll only be introducing 2 here. g — Global search
— Global search i — case insensitive search
Advanced
(x) — Capturing Parenthesis: Matches x and remembers it so we can use it later.
— Capturing Parenthesis: Matches x and remembers it so we can use it later. (?:x) — Non-capturing Parenthesis: Matches x and does not remember it.
— Non-capturing Parenthesis: Matches x and does not remember it. x(?=y) — Lookahead: Matches x only if it is followed by y.
Test()-ing our Learning:
Before jumping into the projects below, lets test some of the above concepts out. Say we want to test a string for any numeric digits. We can use \d to accomplish this.
console.log(/\d/.test('12-34'));
// true
The above returns true as long as there is at least one numeric digit in the string. What if we want to match the format though? We can use multiple \d characters to define a format:
console.log(/\d\d-\d\d/.test('12-34'));
// true
console.log(/\d\d-\d\d/.test('1234'));
// false
What happens if we don't care how may digits are before and after the ‘ - ' so long as there is at least one? We can use the + to match the \d one or more times:
console.log(/\d+-\d+/.test('12-34'));
// true
console.log(/\d+-\d+/.test('1-234'));
// true
console.log(/\d+-\d+/.test('-34'));
// false
To simplify things, we can use parenthesis to group expressions together. Lets say we have a cat meowing and we want to match against that meow:
console.log(/me+(ow)+w/.test('meeeeowowoww'));
// true
Woah. OK. Lets break that down. There's a lot going on up here.
/me+(ow)+w/
m => matching a single letter 'm'
e+ => matching the letter 'e' one or more times
(ow)+ => matching the letters 'ow' one or more times
w => matching the letter 'w' once
'm' + 'eeee' +'owowow' + 'w'
As you can see above, when operators like + are used immediately after parenthesis, they affect the entire contents of this parenthesis.
Last thing we'll go over before going into the projects. The ? operator. This makes the preceding character optional. As you'll see below, both test cases return true because the ‘s's have been deemed optional.
console.log(/cats? says?/i.test('the Cat says meow'));
// true
console.log(/cats? says?/i.test('the Cats say meow'));
// true
I've also thrown in the /i flag above. This makes our search case-insensitive which is why ‘cats' will still match with ‘Cats'
Considerations & Tips
Because regular expressions are wrapped in slashes, if you ever want to search for a slash, you need to escape it with a backslash. The same is true for characters such as question marks which have special meaning. Here's an example of how to search for each of these:
var slashSearch = /\//;
var questionSearch = /\?/;
\d is the same as [0-9] : Each match a digit character
is the same as : Each match a digit character \w is the same as [A-Za-z0-9_] : Each matches any single alphanumeric character or underscore
Project: Add spaces in CamelCase:
In this example we're growing really, really tired of camelCase and need a way to add spaces between words. Here's the example:
removeCc('camelCase') // => should return 'camel Case'
With Regex, there's a very easy solution. First, we need to search for all capital letters. We can easily do this with a Character set search and a global modifier:
This will match the C in 'camelCase'
/[A-Z]/g
But now, how do we add a space prior to the C ?
We need to use Capturing Parenthesis! Capturing parenthesis allow us to match a value, and remember it, so that we can use it later!
Use capturing parenthesis to remember our matched capital letter
/([A-Z])/
Access the captured value later with
$1
Above, you'll see we use $1 to access the captured value. As an aside, if we had two sets of capturing parenthesis, we would use $1 and $2 to reference the captured values, and so on for the number of capturing parethesis.
Note, if you need to use parenthesis, but don't need to capture the value, you can use non-capturing parenthesis: (?:x) In this example, the x is matched, but is not remembered.
Alright, back to the task at hand. How do we implement the capturing parenthesis? With the .replace() String method! As the second argument, we insert '$1' It's important to use quotes here.
function removeCc(str){
return str.replace(/([A-Z])/g, '$1');
}
Hmmm, but wait, it doesn't work? Lets look at the code again. We're capturing our capital letter, then simply replacing it with the same captured letter! We need to add in our space still! Inside our quotes we insert a space followed by our $1 variable The result is a space after each capital letter
function removeCc(str){
return str.replace(/([A-Z])/g, ' $1');
}
removeCc('camelCase') // 'camel Case'
removeCc('helloWorldItIsMe') // 'hello World It Is Me'
Project: Remove Capital Letters:
Now we have a string with a bunch of funky capital letters. Can you figure out how to remove them? This one is similar, but a little trickier than the last project. Take a minute and try and figure it out, then read on..
First, we need to select all of the capital letters. This is similar to above, a character set search with the global modifier:
/[A-Z]/g
We'll be using the replace method again, but this time how to we make a character lower case?
function lowerCase(str){
return str.replace(/[A-Z]/g, ???);
}
Here's a hint: With replace() you can specify a function as the second parameter.
We're going to use an arrow function to un-capitalize the matched value. When using a function with replace() the function will be invoked after the match has been performed, and the function's result will be used as the replacement string. Better yet, if the match is global and multiple matches are found, the function will be invoked for each match that is found.
function lowerCase(str){
return str.replace(/[A-Z]/g, (u) => u.toLowerCase());
}
lowerCase('camel Case') // 'camel case'
lowerCase('hello World It Is Me') // 'hello world it is me'
Project: Capitalize First Letter:
Alright, you have all the knowledge to do this. Look at the below code snippet and try to solve it yourself before reading on:
capitalize('camel case') // => should return 'Camel case'
Did you get it? If not, that's OK! I'll show you how…
Once again we're going to use an arrow function in our replace() method. This time however, we only need to search for the very first character in our string. Recall that this is what ^ is used for.
Let's look at ^ in depth for a second. Recall this example from earlier:
console.log(/cat/.test('the cat says meow'));
// true
When we add in the ^ the function no longer returns true due to the fact that ‘cat' is not at the beginning of the string:
console.log(/^cat/.test('the cat says meow'));
// false
We want our ^ to apply to any lowercase character at the beginning of our string, so we'll add it directly before our character set [a-z] . This will target only the first character if it is a lowercase letter.
/^[a-z]/
Notice that we're no longer using the global modifier as we only want one match. Now, we can plug our regular expression into our replace method and add in an arrow function as the second argument:
function capitalize(str){
return str.replace(/^[a-z]/, (u) => u.toUpperCase());
}
capitalize('camel case') // 'Camel case'
capitalize('hello world it is me') // 'Hello world it is me'
Project: Keep Learning
That's the end of this article, but keep learning. Some project ideas:
Can you combine the prior three functions into one function that turns a camelCase string into a regular sentence? Can you add a period at the end of the string? Reverse everything! Turn a string into a camelCase Hashtag
Post your projects and solutions in the comments! And don't forget, this is merely the beginning of Regular Expressions, there's so much more you can do with them!
By Haxel Ruben Murillo, notifight.com
WBC flyweight champion Roman "Chocolatito" Gonzalez (43-0, 37 KOs) is more than ready to face former beltholder Brian Viloria on October 17th, as part of the Gennady Golovkin vs. David Lemieux HBO pay-per-view undercard from New York's Madison Square Garden.
Viloria has stetted that he's been chasing Gonzalez for two years and claims the dangerous puncher is running from the fight.
Top Rank's CEO Bob Arum had previously mentioned Gonzalez for a fight with Viloria in Mexico. Gonzalez passed on the opportunity because he had little interest in fighting in Mexico and more importantly HBO was not interested in televising that card.
To face Viloria in the United States, as part of a major pay-per-view on HBO, Gonzalez is all ears on an offer.
"In America I'd fight Viloria. I know he wants to fight me. Actually I'd like to fight on the undercard of Golovkin, but that's not been confirmed. Supposedly my opponent is between Giovanni Segura and Brian Viloria, because there is the possibility that fight in November against Naoya Inoue for the fourth title. In boxing things change," Gonzalez said at a press conference organized by his promoter Nica Boxing.
"I want to fight with Viloria, but the issue is getting paid well, because I will not fight just to fight. I'm not running from anyone, I am ready to face anyone, but all I want is a good purse. The people of HBO were not interested in seeing me fight in Mexico, so that's why the fight with Viloria was not presented in that country."
"We are in negotiations this week so I will update you. It is a fact that I will fight again in October in the US. I want to fight with Viloria. Segura would be a good fight but would pay me less."
ESPN slapped Jemele Hill with a two week suspension after calling for the boycott of Jerry Jones and his sponsors following his comments about the anthem protesters. Hill had already been warned for her social media posts after previously calling President Trump a “white supremacist“. The move to suspend Hill was met with backlash from some supporters of the Black Lives Matter movement as well as calls to boycott ESPN.
Of course, ESPN has always been known to keep their personalities on a short leash. The fact that Jemele Hill even has a job shows that the company has a double standard. For example, the network fired Curt Schilling for his political statements which were much less inflammatory than calling the President of the United States a racist.
Still, ESPN kept Hill on board after she received plenty of support. Plenty of those that came to her aid were straight black men. While some in the BLM community were quick to defend Hill this time around, others were less than willing to come to her defense.
A couple weeks ago, Hill retweeted an article titled “Straight Black Men Are The White People Of Black People”. By doing this, she drew the ire of plenty of people who would normally agree with her. Plenty of BLM supporters, mostly straight black men, felt offended by this article (gee, I wonder why?). Hill gave a giant middle finger to people who have held her up for the duration of her career, and they sure let her know about it.
@jemelehill, leave us straight Black Men out of your mouth, please? — Scottie Keith Barnet (@ScottieBarnet) September 26, 2017
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/P36GXRMwLh 9-23-2017: Jemele Hill Attacks Straight Black Men Who Defended Her Against Trump — Dakem Daniels (@BromanClash) September 24, 2017
It was straight black men that fought off the mob when you said Trump was a white supremacist and you throw us under the bus — gerald west (@freddgee1963) September 24, 2017
When Hill got suspended from ESPN, the consensus was similar. Many straight black men had no interest in defending a person who sold them out.
Without unpacking how stupid that headline is on multiple levels, the lesson here is that identity politics is stupid. The goal of identity politics is to divide the public into smaller and smaller groups until everybody hates everybody. This way, people are easier to control and make money off of.
When Jemele Hill insults masculine, straight black men for no reason at all, it simply highlights the fact that this cycle knows no boundaries. I found myself up-voting videos on YouTube from creators that I typically find racist and off-putting because we 100% agree on this issue. We can label white people as privileged, but the same people who do that will eventually label straight black men as privileged. The cycle will go on and on until a gay, transgender, Latina, disabled, Muslim woman with autism is crowned chief victim.
The lesson from Jemele Hill is that if everybody thought about it for a second, we would see how silly this tribalism truly is. When Jemele Hill retweeted that fringe article to her thousands of followers, straight black men felt the same way that white people feel when they are constantly lectured on their “privilege”. At the end of the day, all this stuff is BS meant to keep us divided. Don't fall for it and judge people as individuals, not on group identity.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Supercomputer simulations reveal mysteries of specific microwave effect
Ali Yilmaz and Kai Yang created simulations of microwave-assisted thin-film growth. The images in the back show the results of their virtual experiments for differently shaped substrates. The colors indicate that up to 100 times more energy is deposited to the edges of the substrate than its middle. Laboratory experiments showed remarkable agreement with these predictions.
The microwave oven has brought the same conveniences to chemists that it has brought to cooks, increasing the rate of chemical reactions and using less energy compared to traditional convection heating methods.
Some microwave chemistry experiments, however, yield results that are very different from those obtained by convection heating. These ‘specific microwave effects' are often unexpected, unwanted, and difficult to explain, and include selective and superheating of materials. In an interdisciplinary collaboration, researchers at The University of Texas at Austin's Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences (ICES) teamed up with material scientists to understand, explain, and exploit a specific microwave effect. The team's results were recently published in Scientific Reports.
First Attempts & Mysterious Thin-Film Growth
In early 2011, researchers at UT's Texas Materials Institute and the Department of Mechanical Engineering were attempting to use microwaves to make thin films of semiconductor oxides. Such films are needed for a large variety of electronics, from solar cells to photodetectors. But growing them in conventional furnaces is a slow, high energy and high temperature process that restricts growth substrates to materials that can take the heat, like glass and metal. Flexible and light-weight substrates would melt away by the time the films could be grown in conventional furnaces.
However, If successful, microwave chemistry could accelerate the thin-film growth process, make it more energy efficient, and enable temperature-sensitive materials, such as plastics, to be used as growth substrates. This chemistry advancement could potentially enable the creation of plastic-based electronics.
Initial experiments with titanium oxide, performed in mechanical engineering professor Arumugam Manthiram's lab by then graduate students B. Reeja Jayan and Katharine Harrison, were promising: Instead of two hours of baking at 450oC in a furnace, the researchers were able to make thin films in 15 minutes to one hour at temperatures as low as 150oC—lower than the norm for baking cookies. The process included coating a glass or PET plastic substrate with a very thin (about 150 nanometers thick) conductor layer, placing it in a solution containing titanium, and heating the solution in a microwave oven.
The experimenters were puzzled, however, to find that the titanium-oxide film clumped up at the edges of the coating used to promote the growth, leaving the center of the substrate nearly uncovered and unsuitable for use.
It was at this point that the material scientists approached Ali Yilmaz, an ICES core faculty member and an associate professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering. Yilmaz's research group had recently made headlines with the advances they made in modeling and computation of electromagnetic power absorption by human tissues with an anatomical model called AustinMan. The experimenters were hoping that similar simulations could help inform their procedure and make the titanium oxide grow into uniform thin films.
Modeling, Computation, and Virtual Experiments
Over the next year, Yilmaz and Kai Yang, an electrical and computer engineering graduate student, modeled the main components of the experimental setup and developed formulas, algorithms, and software to analyze the problem.
“There was a lot of detective work to figure out the critical parts of the experiment that had to be modeled. Of course, all of us wanted to have the simplest model possible and get answers immediately, but we quickly found out that simple models failed to agree with the experiments,” Yilmaz said.
This led the computational engineers to gradually increase the complexity of their models as they kept comparing the results of the simulations with the experiments. Eventually, they were able to perform simulations whose results not only agreed with the observations in the lab but also could predict the outcome of new experiments.
“Out of necessity, the final model we developed turned out to be very detailed,” Yang said, “in addition to the coated substrate and the solution containing the titanium, we had to model the quartz vessel holding the solution, the metallic rotor holding the vessel, the movement of the rotor, and the microwave oven.”
As the complexity of the model increased, however, computations became increasingly more challenging.
“Simulations became impossible with classical computational methods as the complexity of the model increased” Yang said.
The researchers developed an advanced algorithm, parallelized it so different parts could be computed simultaneously, and used hundreds of processors on the supercomputer Lonestar at the Texas Advanced Computing Center to be able to solve the equations governing the field distribution in their model. In a forthcoming paper, Yang and Yilmaz show that on Lonestar they can perform these simulations, which would take an estimated ten years with a classical method on a modern desktop computer, in less than one day and still obtain sufficiently accurate results.
The simulations showed that the electric field was congregating at the edges of the thin conductive layer, depositing much more energy to its edges than its center. This clued the researchers in that the conductivity of the coating was a key factor; so they started performing virtual experiments to explore what modifying the conductivity would do.
They found that they could deposit the energy much more uniformly—and as a result grow more uniform films—if they lowered the conductivity of the thin coating layer by a factor of 100 instead of increasing it as the material scientists initially expected. Despite their doubts, the material scientists reduced the conductivity of the coating layer, repeated the experiment, and found out that they were able to obtain the more uniform thin films that they were after from the start. The dramatic results helped the researchers establish the role of the conductive layer in the outcome with a lot fewer experiments than usual. Instead, a host of virtual experiments and a few physical ones proved that there is an optimal range of conductivity values for obtaining uniform films.
“We could do the [conductivity] experiments in just two trials based on what the model predicted, as opposed to say another 50–100 experiments we would normally do,” Jayan said.
Explaining Microwave ‘Magic'
While the ultimate goal of the simulations was to find a way to improve the film uniformity, the researchers were also trying to confirm the presence of specific microwave effect.
“[Specific microwave effects] are kind of like a magic that happens only if you use a microwave” Jayan said. “It is very difficult to prove what is happening.”
When Jayan presented their initial experimental results at a conference, skeptical audience members attributed them to simply rapid heating rather than a specific microwave effect and recommended re-running the experiments in a furnace. The film did not grow at all in this case.
“What we effectively found is that if you repeat our experiments and replace the microwaves [with another heat source] they won't work,” Jayan said.
And while they suspected that the thin coating layer had something to do with the specific microwave effect, they didn't know why this was the case or how they could control the effect. Once again, the simulations turned out to be valuable.
“One of the biggest advantages of computational science and engineering is that you can observe quantities that are not accessible in experiments. In the simulations, we were able to observe where the microwave energy was deposited—an input of the reaction—whereas in the experiments we could only see the film growth—an output of the reaction,” Yilmaz said.
The simulations showed why the reaction could only occur in the microwave oven: The “selective heating” of the thin coating layer by the microwave fields made the coating absorb almost as much energy as the titanium-containing solution that organized into the film. This special selectivity of the microwaves between the different materials is a specific microwave effect that can't be created by convection heating.
“Specific microwave effects can be controversial because it is difficult to explain exactly how they work,” Yilmaz said. “Once we started doing our simulations, the experimental results started to make sense. We showed that the film growth was not an anomaly, that this is actual physics in the microwave oven, and that we can exploit it to engineer materials in new ways. It was a big accomplishment for predictive computing.”
More Films, Substrates, and Simulations
The results with titanium oxide films are encouraging; the experimental films were tested in photo-detectors, hybrid solar cells, and lithium-ion batteries with the devices functioning in each case. The researchers are also investigating whether the selective heating effect can be exploited to grow other materials into different shapes and sizes of thin films and on different substrates.
The research will likely influence industrial semiconductor oxide film growth and may enable a whole new set of low-temperature growth substrates, from plastics to textiles.
“Our experimental demonstration to grow highly crystalline thin films of titanium oxide at such low temperatures with microwave-assisted solvothermal processes opens up a new arena,” Manthiram said.
It could also impact how microwave chemistry is performed in the future as predictions from virtual experiments supplement the ones in the lab. The U.S. Army Research Lab has already expressed interest in using similar computational models to improve the microwave-assisted growth of ferroelectric materials.
“Some materials will be very difficult to grow experimentally, but if the model can predict the possibilities then the experiment will have at least a chance of getting some success,” Jayan said. “So going forward, the model and its predictive nature are going to be hugely important.”
At last night's GOP presidential debate, after the candidates all took turns blaming the Bush Administration big gubmint for the financial crisis, John Harwood asked Newt what he did to earn $300,000 from Freddie & Fannie in 2006.
I have never done any lobbying, every contract that was written during the period when I was out of the office specifically said I would do no lobbying, and I offered advice. And my advice as a historian, when they walked in and said to me, we are now making loans to people who have no credit history and have no record of paying back anything, but that's what the government wants us to do, is I said — I said to them at the time: This is a bubble. This insane. This is impossible.
Liar, liar.
Internal Freddie Mac budget records show $11.7 million was paid to 52 outside lobbyists and consultants in 2006. Power brokers such as former House Speaker Newt Gingrich were recruited with six-figure contracts. Freddie Mac paid the following amounts to the firms of former Republican lawmakers or ex-GOP staffers in 2006… Pushing back, Freddie Mac enlisted prominent conservatives, including Gingrich and former Justice Department official Viet Dinh, paying each $300,000 in 2006, according to internal records. Gingrich talked and wrote about what he saw as the benefits of the Freddie Mac business model.
Newt wasn't paid over a quarter of a million dollars as a “historian.” But to be fair, he needed the money — that Tiffany bling ain't cheap.
All was not quiet on the Western front in September of 1918. Cannons thundered and shook the night.
Flares darting into the sky making it daylight for a moment. Men shouting. Machine guns chattering like evil sewing machines.
Another deadly assault on a well-entrenched enemy.
The Germans and the Americans both had elaborate trench and dugout systems protected from assault by barbed wire, mines, and other obstacles.
As the months turned to years, the once small improvised trenches grew deeper and more complex, gradually becoming vast areas of interlocking defensive works that went on for untold miles. They resisted both artillery bombardment and mass infantry assault.
Yet here they were, preparing to give it another try.
The American Expeditionary Forces (AEF) had joined up with the French at the Aisne Offensive (at Château-Thierry and Belleau Wood) in June 1918. The repeated frontal attacks against the well-entrenched German machine gun crews took a deadly toll every time, with little or nothing to show for it.
William “Billy” Stewart was a private in the AEF and managed to stay alive the past three months by sheer luck and determination. He kept a daily diary to pass the long hours of waiting for something bad to happen.
Attack. Or, repel an attack. Today it was attack at 0500. Over the top. Charging through barbed wire and craters from bombs and mortars. Decaying bodies. The wounded screaming for help and their mothers.
The deadly chatter of the machine guns never stopped.
Then the whistle blew three times, and it was time to retreat back over the horrific landscape of death to return to the trenches. Thunder overhead. Cannons. And then the gray skies opened and the rain came down like bullets.
That's when Billy saw him. He was bent over a body and was eating the exposed soft organs. He was wrapped in a thick black trench coat, and was so busy eating he didn't see Billy.
The horror of what he saw eclipsed everything in the past three months. He was so stunned he didn't know what to do. A minute passed, and the thing in the trench coat looked up and saw him.
Instinctively, Billy raised his M-1 Garand and pointed it in the ghouls direction. It let out a high hissing sound and spun around, disappearing into the maze of tunnels. When Billy told his best friend Alan he laughed at him.
“Oh c'mon country boy, you were seeing things,” Alan said.
That night, in his candlelit muddy hovel under the ground, Billy made an entry in his Diary.
“Saw something horrific today. I almost wonder if I was hallucinating as Alan suggested. Some “thing” was eating corpses in the trench lines! It ran when it saw me. Before it disappeared, I got a good look at the pasty white face and bloody lips.
It resembled a man, and was wearing a dark trench coat. I hope it was my imagination. You can't imagine the horror of that thing making loud chewing noises while consuming a string of intestines. Time to sign off.”
Two nights later, still troubled by what he saw, Billy was on guard duty. His unit fought off a particulary powerful assault that day. The Germans the biggest thus far.
This time he saw two of the ghoulish figures dragging a body down into one of the many tunnel openings. Despite his shock he went after them. The first 50 yards were lite up by gaslights in little shelves on the wall. Then darkness descended.
Billy pulled out his flashlight and pointed it straight ahead. He soon got lost in the twisting maze of tunnels that seem to spider out forever. The air was dank and the smell of wet earth assailed his nostrils.
Unit designation signs were posted on some tunnel entrances. He noticed that they were all French regular Army units. He came to a dead-end. Go right, or left? Or, turn around and try to find his way back?
As he puzzled over what to do, he heard faint noises coming from the tunnel on the right. He fixed his bayonet onto his rifle, took a deep breath, and slowly followed the source of the noise.
He came to an opening with a sign above it – “9e Régiment d'Infanterie de Marine.”
Inside he heard animal-like grunts and growls and the unmistakable sound of feasting. He pulled out his MK2 Pineapple Fragmentation grenade. Rifle in his left hand, and the grenade in the right, Billy stepped into the room.
It was worse than he could have imagined! Nine pale skeletal things dressed in regular French Army clothes that were rotting off their bodies. One was wearing a filthy officers hat, and appeared to be the leader.
“Oh look!” the thing hissed, “We are saved by our American friend. What took you so long?” the thing asked Billy, who was looking at the body it was carving up. He could still recognize the face. Alan!
The gernade's concussion knocked Billy down as he was backing up.
When Billy was able to return to his diary two days later, he made a short entry; “I wrote a letter to Alans parents and told them he died, fighting bravely to the end.”
As It Stands, years of trench warfare drove a lot of people crazy on both sides of WW I. No one knows about all the bad things that happened in those miles of terrible trenches.
Share this: Google
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Pocket
LinkedIn
Telegram
Skype
Tumblr
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
MONTE CARLO, Monaco -- Kimi Raikkonen was unable to explain the thinking behind his pit stop strategy at the Monaco Grand Prix, saying he had to trust in the Ferrari strategists' decision to change tyres when he did.
After securing pole position on Saturday, Raikkonen led Sunday's race until he was called into the pits on lap 34. The stop delivered him straight into backmarker traffic and he lost significant time while teammate Sebastian Vettel continued in clear air at the front of the field. Ferrari kept Vettel out in front until he had a big enough margin over Raikkonen to pit and resume in the lead, which he successfully managed on lap 39.
With Vettel leading the championship and Raikkonen struggling for performance at the first five races, the suspicion after the race was that Ferrari had always intended to switch their drivers if Raikkonen was leading at the end of the first lap. When it was put to Raikkonen that he could have stayed out longer and ignored the pit call, he said he had to have faith in the team's decision.
ANDREJ ISAKOVIC/AFP/Getty Images
"I'm a driver, I can do whatever I want, I can stop the car if I want to, but we work as a team and if you don't believe in how they work then it's very complicated," he said. "We always try to work as best as we can.
"As a team we wanted a one-two, we got it, but for my side it could have been better. We'll talk about it, I'm sure there are reasons, as there are for everything in life. As a driver I can do what I want but we work as a team -- as simple as that."
When he was asked directly if he thought Ferrari's strategy had cost him victory, he added: "I haven't seen what happened, I only know what happened when I was in the car but I haven't seen the bigger piucture.
"I only know that I came second, Seb won. The result is great for the team, the rest, until we have our meeting tomorrow and see the graphs, I don't know"
Has Mercy on Me: FCPX Workflows for Breakneck Music Video Deadlines Brian King Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 18, 2016 I love being able to obsess over a music video. There's a lot of luxury behind getting an advance of a song, rolling ideas over and taking the time to execute in a way that's precise and methodical. That kind of luxury isn't always part of the deal, though. Cut to: Monday (three days ago). We had five hours in the studio to knock out a performance-based music video with Island Records' Citizen Føur. Following that shoot, I had 24 hours to provide Version 1 for review, and another half-day to make client-requested changes in time for a couple hours of color. Despite the rush, I had to make sure to get the best performance takes, as there was almost no b-roll to hide behind. This is a breakdown of the workflow I used to make that happen.
Setting up the first shot for “Mercy”. That's me on the left, and DoP Sean O'Brien on the right.
On set: In a perfect world, we'd be using timecode jam-synced from a playback device. There'd probably be an operator sitting behind a laptop with some big speakers. In real-life, we were shooting on cameras without timecode-in (Sony's A7S II with Canon Cine lenses), and had gotten our final version of the song about two hours before cameras rolled. There is something espcially painful about sitting on-set while a PA tries to finger-scrub to the desired section of a song in iTunes. Naming each section of the song and then marking them up in MovieSlate for iOS eliminates this. Rolling with MovieSlate gave me a flash of the song's time-stamp on each slate. Our PA also announced which part of the song was cued on top of each take, allowing me to name clips inside Final Cut by only listening to the first few seconds of each one. Runthroughs of the song with the whole gang were only slated on the top of each take. FCPX's keyword regions were the MVP here. Logging: Logging music video footage is the least glamorous part of the job, but you get the benefit of feeling like a savant when you're on the 25th take, playing the song at 8x speed and not touching your mouse or trackpad. The temptation to skip this part of the process is strong, but editing time “lost” by not building a timeline right away gets made up quickly after the footage is organized. The short sections of song that we slated on set are easy. Name it whatever the person with the slate called it, the shot type, and who's in it. Check. For the full runthroughs, keyword ranges are your best friend. Find the top of the chorus on a clip and mark it in (I). Mash play forward (L) a few times to fast-forward until you hear the end of the chorus. Mark it out (O), and then apply your keyword (⌘K or ⌃number). Repeat this for every single section of the song in every single take, marking favorites (F) on sections that stand out. The Keyword Pane The (⌃number) shortcut is a good one. In your keyword pane (⌘K to hide and reveal), you get to set keyboard shortcuts for oft-used keywords. When you start your project, name each one of these guys for the different sections of your song, preferably in order. Here, I have control+1 set for the intro, control+2 set for the first verse, and so on. With this in place and embedded into your brain, you‘ll be able to quickly mark your keyword ranges without typing letters or even opening the keyword pane. Play back the clip, mark in and out, hit your shortcut, repeat.
The result of keyword ranges
You'll end up with each section of the song divided up. I numbered those sections in chronological order to make them easier to find in the Events browser, and added a couple more keywords for non-musical things like location atmosphere and the boys “vibing”, which is always something that comes up in revision notes. Edit: With all of your axe-sharpening complete, it's time to actually make a cut. Set up a new project and lay down the song as your primary storyline. With the help of magnetic timelines, you'll be linking all of your clips to the song itself. This saves you from potentially day-ruining sync issues. You might want to drop some markers (M) for different sections of the song or opportunities for particular cuts, but you can always do that later in the process.
The actual editing is the part you should already know how to do. Take the shot that looks best for the piece of the song you're listening to, and drop it on top of the song. Find some alternate options and try those out. If nothing looks good, find one of those “vibing” shots and drop it in. Repeat for three minutes and thirty seconds of song. Thanks to our handy keyword ranges, you'll be able to easily find clips from each section of the song. If you did a good job naming your clips, you can always search your whole project or any keyword range for a specific shot or musician. Team Josh all day. Sync Sync is important. The last thing anybody wants is shoddy to lip-sync during a music video. Viewers are willing to forget that the song playing was not actually recorded by the cameras' microphones, but only if the editor makes damn sure nobody's mouth is flapping around when it shouldn't be. Remember how we didn't have the budget for a fancy slate, or cameras with timecode in? This is the part where you make up for that oversight with your raw musical and keyboard-mashing talent. In the process of logging and editing the video, you'll know the song ridiculously well, possibly better than the band itself. With a little bit of foot-tapping and singing along, you'll be able to nail the timing on your preview clip and drop it onto the correct spot of the song. Remember your nudge keys (< and >) if you're off by a few frames either way. My favorite trick for music video sync is backtiming. Backtime allows you to drop a clip from the out point, stretching back over the section of the song that just played back. This is useful because it's much easier to time things you just heard instead of things you're about to hear. Backtiming. When I hit ⇧+Q, the clip dropped on the playhead from the OUT point This workflow is difficult to explain, but makes sense in process. Listen to the section of the song you want to add a clip to. In this case, it's the lyrics “I fall when I'm around you”. In your preview pane, find those same lyrics in your reference audio. Mark out (O) after them, using the same timing. Rather than trying to hit exactly on the “ou” of “you”, use the rhythm of the song. It might be on the beat after a word. This is an intuition thing. Try dancing. Backtime your clip to the timeline. Your playhead should still be where you left it, just after “around you”. Use shift with your “connect” shortcut (⇧+Q by default) to drop the clip at the out-point. Trim the beginning of the clip, then play back and adjust your sync as needed.
Version 1 of “Mercy”
This is what my timeline looked like after version 1. You can see all of the places where I auditioned clips and then disabled them (v) in favor of something else. Blue markers on the song are for sections of the music, and for some glitchy cut opportunities. The secondary storylines (highlight clips, then ⌘+G) allow me to use transitions, and keep sections from the same shot linked to each other. All of the disabled clips and buried clips in lower levels of the timeline are still there because they work to some capacity, but aren't my first choices. If a revision note asked me to replace the shot at a particular time, I'd be able to jump into the timeline and see exactly what my other options are. These alternate shots and clips were ultimately cleaned up for picture lock:
“Mercy” Version 2
The Final Cut All client review was done via Frame.io, which allowed everybody involved to collaborate on notes that were pinned to the appropriate parts of the timeline. This saved us from the time-suck of messy email chains, and people who might not know how to deal with services like Dropbox. Effect Presets for Citizen Føur In the interest of a very fast color session, coloring was done directly in Final Cut, using effect presets I built for each shot setup. Those effects had to be modified a little bit on most of the clips, but the presets offered me an extremely solid starting point. In order to set up these presets, build out a shot with the effects and settings you want, and then use the “Save Effects Preset” on the bottom of the inspector window. It's a big dumb button that's strangely easy to overlook. The Final Cut
The completed video.
I had a pretty profound dream last night that has left a lasting effect on me. It has been a particularly emotional weekend for myself, one where I thought really long and hard on whether I am making the right decision to be on HRT. I had basically decided I needed to continue down this path. I didn't think I could really be happy in life if I didn't.
In my dream, I was on a vacation with my family. My breasts had grown pretty noticeably big by this point. I had mistakenly forgotten to wear a loose shirt to try to cover them, and my mother freaked out. She took me in to a room and asked me what was going on. This is when I dropped the bombshell on her. She was very unhappy and we had a long conversation about it. Afterwards, I was getting ready to head out with my family to a science museum. I put on this light, yellow summer dress with white spaghetti straps and a small, cute, purple floral print. My breasts were just large enough to start giving me some cleavage. My mother looked at me and asked “what are you going to say when someone asks why you are wearing a dress?” I looked back at her and said “Nothing. I'll just smile.”
When I woke up this morning, I sat with a hot cup of tea and thought about my dream. At the end of the dream, I felt so good about myself. When I was wearing that dress, I felt like nothing could ruin my good mood. It solidified in my mind that I can not go back to living the way I have been. If I were to give up now, all I would think about is how happy I was in that dream, and how that could have become reality. There is no way I can live with that knowledge. Regret doesn't even begin to describe the way I would feel. It would be a living nightmare. The doubt in my mind that I am making the wrong decision has all but disappeared. Sure, there are going to be some really tough moments to come. It's not going to be easy and I'm going to have times where I can't believe I chose this path. At the end of it all, though, I know it will be the best decision I have ever made. That moment when I do put on that yellow summer dress with the purple floral print and the white spaghetti straps will be the moment when I finally feel complete. That moment will be the moment when I look back at all I've been through and whisper to myself “It was worth it.” And if anyone does ask why I am wearing a dress, I'll just look at them and smile.
Advertisements
Photo: AP
On Monday, Montgomery Blair Sibley, a former attorney for the so-called D.C. Madam, Deborah Jeane Palfrey, filed an application asking the U.S. Supreme Court to allow him to release records pertaining to her escort service, because those records “could be relevant” to the 2016 presidential election.
In April 2008, Palfrey, who ran the escort service Pamela Martin and Associates, was convicted of racketeering, using the mail for illegal purposes, and money laundering. Two weeks later, she hanged herself. A number of Beltway insiders were named in the scandal, including Deputy Secretary of State Randall Tobias and Senator David Vitter.
Sibley, one of her attorneys, claims to have been sitting on a number of documents, including 815 client names, for the better part of a decade, in cooperation with a 2007 restraining order. In February, when he first started making public noise about trying to get the order lifted, he could not explain to the Washington Post in detail what the records contained. “This is where I walk a fine line,” Sibley said. “I don't want to say something that would violate the order.”
On a Gofundme Sibley started to help pay for his legal fees, he explains the provenance and contents of the records he claims to have in his possession:
In 2007, I issued an ex parte subpoena to Verizon Wireless, Inc. which required them to reveal account holder information for 5,902 phone numbers taken directly from the Pamela Martin & Associates phone record “Blackbook”. Verizon Wireless responded with a Compact Disk containing 815 names, addresses, social security numbers, and home and business telephone numbers of Verizon users who were known to have called the escort service in question, and were likely clients of the service. Additionally, Verizon Wireless provided to me the account information for some forty (40) other escort agency telephone numbers listed in the 2007 Verizon Yellow Pages as operating in the Metro D.C. area.
Early this year, Sibley filed a motion to modify the court order prohibiting him from releasing the records. In February, D.C.'s U.S. district court rejected (rather testily) his motion to have the order lifted, making note of the fact that Sibley's license had been suspended. (According to the Post, it was a temporary suspension: Three years, in 2008, for being a “vexatious litigant.”)
Former Chief Judge Richard Roberts also noted that Sibley was replaced as Palfrey's attorney in January 2008: “Why Sibley would have possession of subpoenaed records in a case from which he has been terminated and why he would not instead have turned all copies of them over to the defendant's continuing counsel of record is not set forth in the motion.” In fact, Roberts did not permit Sibley's motion to be filed at all.
So, now Sibley is taking his case to the Supreme Court—although, not before suing Judge Roberts and the clerk of the court for $1 million each, accusing them of violating his Fourth and Fifth Amendment rights. (Roberts retired this month, one day after being accused of sexual abuse.)
“Time is of the essence,” Sibley's filing to the Supreme Court, submitted Monday, reads. Given the significance of the primary season and the upcoming caucuses, he argues, “expedited resolution of this Application is incumbent upon this court.” (Emphasis his.) What is more, he writes, keeping the information sealed from public view “deprives the People of the information they may deem material to the exercise of their electoral franchise.”
Sibley goes on to threaten, not subtly, that if the Supreme Court doesn't rule that he should be allowed to simply file the motion to modify the restraining order, allowing him to release the subpoenaed information, that this will “appear to many to intentionally favor one Presidential candidate over others.”
“Such a result will further erode the faith of the People in a fair and impartial judiciary,” he continues. Plus, he'll just release the records “containing the names and addresses of eight hundred fifteen (815) Washington D.C. clients of the D.C. Madam's escort service,” to the public anyway.
Incidentally, Sibley is a Birther, and has sued the Supreme Court for treason—twice. DCist reported in 2012, when he nominated himself as a write-in candidate for president, that he had been disbarred from 13 federal courts and three state bars. His Gofundme is at $390 of the necessary $25,000.
English [ edit ]
canvas English Wikipedia has an article on: Wikipedia
Etymology [ edit ]
From Middle English canevas, from Anglo-Norman, from Old Northern French canevas (compare Old French chanevas, chenevas) from a root derived from Latin cannabis, from Ancient Greek κάνναβις (kánnabis). Compare French canevas, resulting from a blend of the Old French and a Picard dialect word, itself from Old Northern French.
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
canvas (plural canvasses or canvases) (see usage notes)
A type of coarse cloth, woven from hemp, useful for making sails and tents or as a surface for paintings. 1882, James Edwin Thorold Rogers, A History of Agriculture and Prices in England, Volume 4, p. 556. The term canvas is very widely used, as well to denote the coarse fabrics employed for kitchen use, as for strainers, and wraps for meat, as for the best quality of ordinary table and shirting linen. A piece of canvas cloth stretched across a frame on which one may paint. A basis for creative work. The author takes rural midwestern life as a canvas for a series of tightly woven character studies. ( computer graphics ) A region on which graphics can be rendered. ( nautical ) Sails in general. A tent. He spent the night under canvas. A painting, or a picture on canvas. (Can we find and add a quotation of Goldsmith to this entry?) Macaulay Light, rich as that which glows on the canvas of Claude. A rough draft or model of a song, air, or other literary or musical composition; especially one to show a poet the measure of the verses he is to make. (Can we find and add a quotation of Grabb to this entry?) canvass Alternative spelling of
Usage notes [ edit ]
The plural canvases are used primarily in the US, while the plural canvasses is used in the UK and most UK-influenced areas.
Translations [ edit ]
a type of coarse cloth Arabic: please add this translation if you can
Armenian: կտավ (hy) ( ktav ) , քաթան (hy) ( kʿatʿan ) , պարուսին (hy) ( parusin )
, , Bulgarian: платнище n ( platnište ) , брезент m ( brezent )
, Catalan: lona (ca) f
Chinese: Mandarin: 帆布 (zh) ( fānbù )
Czech: plátno (cs) n
Danish: lærred n , sejldug c
, Dutch: canvas (nl) n
Esperanto: kanvaso
Finnish: purjekangas (fi)
French: toile (fr) f
Friulian: tele f
Georgian: please add this translation if you can
German: Leinen (de) n , Segeltuch (de) n ; ( specialist also ) Canvas m
, ; Greek: καραβόπανο (el) n ( karavópano ) , λινάτσα (el) f ( linátsa ) , καναβάτσο (el) n ( kanavátso )
, , Hebrew: please add this translation if you can
Hungarian: kanavász vitorlavászon (hu)
Irish: anairt f , canbhás m
, Italian: canovaccio (it) tela (it)
Japanese: 帆布 ( はんぷ, hanpu ) , キャンバス (ja) ( kyanbasu ) , ズック (ja) ( zukku ) Korean: 타프 (ko) ( tapeu ) , 범포 ( beompo )
, Lithuanian: drobė f
Malay: kanvas
Maori: kānawehi
Mongolian: please add this translation if you can
Navajo: níbaal
Norwegian: Bokmål: lerret n Nynorsk: lerret n
Polish: płótno (pl) n
Portuguese: lona (pt) f
Romanian: canava (ro) f
Russian: холст (ru) m ( xolst ) , паруси́на (ru) f ( parusína ) , ( tarpaulin ) брезе́нт (ru) m ( brezént )
, , Slovene: platno (sl) n
Sorbian: Lower Sorbian: płotno n
Spanish: lona (es) f
Tagalog: lona
Thai: ผ้าใบ (th) ( pâa-bai )
Verb [ edit ]
canvas (third-person singular simple present canvases, present participle canvasing, simple past and past participle canvased)
To cover an area or object with canvas. canvass Alternative spelling of
Translations [ edit ]
To cover an area or object with canvas French: toiler (fr) entoiler (fr) Italian: intelare
Spanish [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
canvas
Following the recent spurt in prices to well over $50 a barrel, state-run Corp (IOC) hiked prices of petrol by 42 paise a litre, and of diesel by Rs 1.03, both in and effective from Monday, with corresponding increases in other states.
"The current level of international product prices of petrol and diesel and the INR-USD exchange rate warrant increase in selling price of petrol and diesel, the impact of which is being passed on to the consumers with this price revision," said in a release here late Sunday.
Petrol per litre now costs Rs 71.14 in Delhi, Rs 73.66 in Kolkata, Rs 77.96 in Mumbai and Rs 70.61 in Chennai.
Similarly, the new is Rs 59.02 in Delhi, Rs 61.27 in Kolkata, Rs 64.89 in Mumbai and Rs 60.73 in Chennai.
Rates were last hiked on January 1, petrol by Rs 1.29 a litre, and diesel by Rs 97 paise, both in Delhi, with corresponding changes in other states.
With producers outside the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), led by Russia, agreeing to reduce output by 558,000 barrels per day (bpd) last month, global oil prices surged to an 18-month high.
This came in the wake of the 13-nation OPEC cartel's November 30 decision to cut output by 1.2 million bpd for six months effective January 1.
It is the first time since 2001 that OPEC and some of its rivals reached a deal to jointly reduce output in order to tackle the global oil glut.
As per available data, the Indian basket, comprising 73 per cent sour-grade Dubai and Oman crudes, and the balance in sweet-grade Brent, closed trade on January 12 at $53.95 for a barrel of 159 litres.
--IANS
bc/ksk
(This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)
“This man (Sir Syed) is erring and causes people to err. He is rather an agent of the devil and wants to mislead Muslims. It is a sin to support the college. May God damn the founder! And if this college (MAO College which in 1920 was converted into Aligarh Muslim University) has been founded, it must be demolished and its founder and his supporters thrown out of the fold of Islam,” declared the Imam of Mecca in his fatwa against Sir Syed Ahmad Khan. On the 200th birth anniversary of this great educationist and social reformer, particularly in the context of the current wave of aggressive nationalism, an effort should be made to understand his vision of India. Was Sir Syed indeed the father of the two-nation theory or was he merely advocating modern ideas of multiculturalism and differentiated citizenship?
Advertising
It is erroneously believed by some historians that the Hindu-Muslim divide in India was the by-product of the two-nation theory which supposedly had its origin in Sir Syed's ideology. “Nationalism” as a consciously-held idea was a 20th century phenomenon even in Europe, from where it was imported to India. Eminent historian Anil Seal has rightly pointed out that during Sir Syed's times, “there were no two nations, there was not even one nation, there was no nation at all.”
Sir Syed's concept of nation was inextricably woven with secular ideals. He rightly said in a lecture at Patna in 1883: “My friends! This India of ours is populated by two famous communities, the Hindus and the Muslims. These two communities stand in the same relation to India in which the head and the heart stand in relation to the human body.” In 1884, in Gurdaspur, he remarked: “O Hindus and Muslims! Do you belong to a country other than India? Do not you live on this soil and are not buried under it or cremated on its ghats? If you live and die on this land, then, bear in mind, that… all the Hindus, Muslims and Christians who live in this country are one nation.”
Till 1898, when Sir Syed breathed his last, there was nothing like an Indian “nation”, nor did the founding fathers of the Indian National Congress make such a claim. Sir Octavian Hume, the founder of the Congress, talked of “a congeries of communities”, not a nation. Badruddin Tyabji, the (third) President of the Congress (Madras, 1887), affirmed “the existence of numerous communities or nations which had peculiar problems of their own to solve”; Surendranath Banerjee had titled his autobiography as A Nation in the Making.
Sir Syed believed in a multiculturalism under which all cultural communities must be entitled to equal status under state. The view that people must be incorporated not merely as citizens but also members of distinct communities possessing multiple identities is one of the most cherished norms of liberal democratic traditions. This means rejection of “melting pot” and acceptance of “salad bowl” theory where integration rather than assimilation is the preferred choice. Thus, under Article 29 of the Indian Constitution, distinct cultural communities are entitled to preservation of their distinct language, script and culture.
Explaining the rationale of establishing MAO College, Sir Syed said, “I shall feel sorry if anybody thinks that this college has been established so as to show discrimination between Hindus and Muslims. The main reason behind the establishment of this institution…was the wretched dependence of the Muslims…. Their religious fanaticism did not let them avail the educational facilities provided by the government schools and colleges. It was, therefore, deemed necessary to make some special arrangement for their education.” It is a matter of great satisfaction that Aligarh Muslim University has consistently adhered to the vision of its founder and does not discriminate between Hindus and Muslims. Most of the gold medals at AMU convocations are bagged by the Hindu students and prestigious professional courses have more than 40 per cent are non-Muslims students.
The Scientific Society which was founded by Sir Syed in 1863 was really national in its complexion and character. Apart from the British Members, it had 82 Hindu and 107 Muslim members. Even the Managing Committee of MAO College which comprised 22 members, had six Hindu members on it. The first second master of the school was Sri Baijnath who was no. 2 in the administrative hierarchy. The famous mathematician J.C. Chakravarty joined as professor in 1888 and subsequently was elevated to the coveted post of registrar. The first graduate of the university was Ishwari Prasad; the first MA was similarly one Amba Prasad. Legendary cricketer Lala Amarnath too studied there.
Advertising
UGC audit team, thus, was wrong in recommending the deletion of the word “Muslim” from the Aligarh Muslim University. The university has rightly been described by Hamilton Gibbs as the first modernist organisation of Islam. The third President of India, Zakir Husain, called it the laboratory of Indian pluralism. Let it flourish as a minority institution as it is the best manifestation of our multiculturalism
and secularism.
Criticism of Islam has become a staple of contemporary politics as observers and practitioners alike wrestle with the myriad implications of Muslims living in the post-9/11 West. For the most part, one could argue with great force that the social panic generated by current fears have been “much ado about nothing,” as Muslims have not shown themselves to be an existential threat to their civilizational counterparts.
That's not to say that no one can or should criticize Islam, as many have. The problem is whether or not such criticism stems from true understanding or total conjecture. Sadly, the latter has been much prevalent, and the culprits aren't always raving Christian fundamentalists who, in depicting Islam as a “Satanic religion,” prefer an Armageddon-style showdown between faiths. Rather, it's arguable that some of the most unfair and ignorant assessments of Islam and Muslims have come from those who label themselves as “progressive.”
The attack on France's satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo is a horrid and barbaric response to some worst, most unfair “criticisms” of Islam. The cartoons that depict the Prophet Muhammad are meant as a provocation, as was the ensuing massacre which left a dozen people dead. The magazine is now being lionized as a platform that's been at the forefront of free speech guardianship. A look through its so-called satirical treatment of Muslim figures and it's quite obvious that the outlet's top priority when it comes to Islam is to offend and provoke—none of which are crimes, let alone offenses punishable by death. There's a difference between having one's expression being protected by free speech principles and actually being a defender of such principles. All of Charlie Hebdo's writings and cartoons deserve protection (even though their management has fired cartoonists before for anti-Semitism), the framework used for their (mis)interpretation of Islam is awfully similar to those used by the far right.
Fittingly, last year's polls show Marine Le Pen of the Front National, France's ultra-right party, as the leading presidential candidate. Le Pen has wasted no time in linking the Charlie Hebdo attack to immigration, something she's vowing to crack down on, all the while emphasizing the “religious” dimension of the massacre, and even calling for a referendum on whether to bring back the death penalty. Given all their differences, it's almost strange that part of the left finds itself aligned with ultra-rightists when it comes to assessing Muslims and their religion.
Advertisement
Take Michael Moore's recent defense of the odious Bill Maher, host of “Real Time,” who, along with Sam Harris, faced off against actor Ben Affleck on Maher's show, setting off a firestorm of Internet commentary. Moore, a prominent progressive, argues that Maher shouldn't be vilified for his harsh criticisms of Islam, and portrays his friend's insults as being limited to the bashing of “crazy people professing to be Muslim.” One need not look all that far to identify the misrepresentation here of Maher's vitriol, which hardly ever bothers to distinguish between traditional Islamic beliefs and extremist misinterpretations of the faith. The truth is that those who perpetuate ISIS or al-Qaeda-like violence in the name of Islam are very small in number. The vast majority of orthodox Sunnis, who make up most of the world's Muslim population, fall within the mainstream of Islamic jurisprudence (fiqh), which is divided up into four main schools of thought (among others), none of which permit the killing of innocent people.
Within this huge corpus of scriptural interpretation can be found laws that govern essentially every important aspect of life (marriage, commerce, jihad, etc.), and though there's much overlap, the schools recognize each other's positions and the reality that there's much room for interpretation when it comes to God's words, as well as the actions of His messenger (known as hadiths or “Prophetic traditions”). The most “liberal” interpretations of certain verses or hadiths can be found within the existing body of Sunni orthodoxy. Yet, progressives who see monotheistic religion as a relic of the medieval past essentialize Islam in a way that doesn't recognize its internal diversity. Perceiving the Islamic tradition as one, big, monolith akin to a desktop computer from the 1980s, they call for a “reformation” within Islam so the religion can update its hardware, making it more palatable to the modern world.
The analogy here is obviously with the Christian Reformation associated with Martin Luther, who some progressives misinterpret as a solely democratizing figure, eliminating the middlemen priests so believers can interpret scripture for themselves. What they fail to note is that present-day manifestations of Christian fundamentalism derive their origins from the consequences of the Reformation (which also involved a good deal of bloodletting). Seeing this Protestant transformation as inherently “progressive” in its “democratizing” effects, the logic is now applied to Muslims and to Islam, religious content be damned.
Even a scholar like Cornel West, who has consistently argued against some of Maher's caricatures of Islam, has often talked about Muslims having to develop what he calls “Prophetic Islam.” The term sounds pretty and comes from West's desire to see an Islam that takes up causes of justice, but the underlying assumption is that the religion needs to wake up to some sort of modern condition that demands inherent change. It's ultimately a proposition borne out of “progressive” ignorance, blindly assuming that Islam doesn't have the tools to engage with the world that preserves both tradition and the rights of others. The truth is that Islam isn't quite as amenable to reform as its monotheistic cousins. In a way, it sees itself as a religion that came to reform Judeo-Christian sectarianism.
In Western modernity's virtual casting aside of faith, the necessity of having to understand religions prior to issuing criticism also seems to have gone out the window. This is exacerbated when it comes to the post-9/11 scramble to make sense of the Islamic tradition and how it ought to comport to modern sensibilities. Since secular modernity and/or liberalism are portrayed as the default settings of contemporary Western societies, then, the argument goes, it's reasonable and logical to expect older religious traditions to conform to its demands. There's no sense of mutual understanding or negotiation, and the relationship is inherently imbalanced.
The tendency of many progressives to internalize this deep assumption has caused much of their interpretation of Islam to square with that of the extreme right wing, whose criticisms stem from a much simpler kind of antagonism. Yet both groups' misgivings and misunderstandings can be traced back to a basic ignorance that has plagued the West long before the tragedies of 9/11, and can only be mended if observers of all stripes are willing to assess Islam on its own terms.
Steven Zhou is a writer and analyst based in Toronto, Canada. His writings have also appeared on The Globe and Mail, Embassy Magazine, and Al Jazeera English, among other publications.
Follow @stevenzzhou
In his New York Times column Monday, Paul Krugman confessed that "the run of unexpectedly good news for Obamacare has come to an end," citing the announcement by UnitedHealth Group to pull out of the exchanges in 2017 and the revelation that premiums are expected to rise 11 percent next year.
However, he insisted that this isn't the beginning of a "death spiral" for the president's signature legislation, noting that "we're talking about a brand-new system in which everyone is still learning how to function." The problems cropping up were, if not specifically expected, generally so -- no system this complex could be expected to be established without any problems.
Advertisement:
Krugman's concern is that the GOP -- the party which has been predicting disaster at every attempt to implement Obamacare -- will use these setbacks to call for the dismantling of the whole system:
To the right's dismay, scare tactics — remember death panels? — and spurious legal challenges failed to protect the nation from the scourge of guaranteed health coverage. Still, Obamacare's opponents insisted that it would implode in a “death spiral” of low enrollment and rising costs. But the law's first two years of full implementation went remarkably well. The number of uninsured Americans dropped sharply, roughly in line with projections, while costs came in well below expectations. Opponents of reform could have reconsidered their position — but that hardly ever happens in modern politics. Instead, they doubled down on their forecasts of doom, and hyped every hint of bad news...
Read the rest at the New York Times...
President Donald Trump speaks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority Conference in Washington on Thursday, during which he said conservatives are "under siege." Photo by Chris Kleponis/UPI | License Photo
President Donald Trump speaks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority Conference in Washington on Thursday, during which he said conservatives are "under siege." Photo by Chris Kleponis/UPI | License Photo
President Donald Trump speaks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority Conference in Washington on Thursday, during which he said conservatives are "under siege." Photo by Chris Kleponis/UPI | License Photo
June 8 (UPI) -- As former FBI Director James Comey answered questions in the Senate about his firing and Russia, President Donald Trump told conservatives at a religious conference that this round of scrutiny will only make Republicans stronger.
Speaking at the Faith and Freedom Coalition conference in Washington on Thursday, the president told evangelicals that "we are under siege."
"We will come out bigger and better and stronger than ever," Trump said.
"We know how to fight better than anybody and we never give up. We are winners and we are going to fight."
Trump's remarks came at a time of intense scrutiny for his administration on Capitol Hill, where separate Russia inquiries in the U.S. Department of Justice and the Senate's intelligence committee collided Thursday.
"I believe ... that I was fired because of the Russia investigation. Something about the way I was conducting it, the president felt created pressure on him that he wanted to relieve," Comey said in his testimony.
"We are under siege. You understand that," Trump said. "But we will come out bigger and better and stronger than ever -- you watch."
The president also talked of his decision last week to withdraw from the Paris climate change pact, a deal he says was bad economically for the United States.
"We have taken a very strong position," Trump said. "You picked a winner."
The president also slammed Democratic lawmakers in Washington, calling them "obstructionists" and "bad for the country."
VATICAN CITY—Hurrying outside after hearing a disturbingly loud thud against the side of the church, Pope Francis was reportedly left to clean up the remains of a dead angel Monday that flew straight into one of the Sistine Chapel's windows. “It's really sad; it seems like one of these guys crashes into a window at least once a week,” said the pontiff, who appeared visibly distressed while sweeping up the feathers scattered around the angel's lifeless body. “Most of the time, their necks break and they die instantly, but once in a while they're still twitching a bit. That's when I find it's best to put them out of their misery with a shovel.” At press time, the bishop of Rome was attempting to scrape off an angel splattered on the windshield of the Popemobile.
Advertisement
JALALABAD, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A senior commander in one of Afghanistan's most dangerous provinces was killed by a Taliban bomb on Sunday, adding to a heavy toll of senior officers killed in recent days.
Zelawar Zahid, police commander in the eastern province of Nangarhar, was killed by a roadside explosive device near a checkpoint in Hesarak district, a spokesman for the local governor said.
His death follows last week's suicide attack on the defense ministry in Kabul, in which an army general and two senior police commanders died.
In a tweet posted by the movement's spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid, the Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack.
More than 1,000 Afghan police and soldiers had been conducting a large weapons clearing operation in Heserak district for the past few days, according to police officials.
The operation, which had already faced multiple roadside bomb attacks, had resulted in nearly 80 weapons of various types being seized, police said.
Nangarhar, on the border with Pakistan, has been the focus of repeated security operations in recent months. As well as a heavy Taliban presence, the province is also known as the main base for Islamic State in Afghanistan.
The ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party - led by founder and head Jaroslaw Kaczynski - on Thursday picked Mateusz Morawiecki, currently finance minister, to replace incumbent Prime Minister Beata Szydlo.
Two years after coordinating the election campaign that saw PiS win the first single-party majority since the end of communism in Poland in 1989, Szydlo seems to have been a victim of her own success.
The PiS government is polling over 40 percent, against the main opposition party Civic Platform (PO) on around 22 percent.
It is rumored that Kaczynski wanted Szydlo to step down because she was unable to manage government infighting.
Szydlo and Morawiecki have been at loggerheads for months over control of key state-owned companies, the conflict coming to a head publicly during the selection process for the chief executive of PZU, central Europe's biggest insurance company, earlier this year.
A puppet Jaroslaw Kaczynski holding images of ex-PM Beata Szydlo and President Andrzej Duda
While skeptics point to short-term politicking, accusing Kaczynski of using the change to divert attention away from a Friday vote on laws that would give PiS significant power over Poland's judicial system, the advent of a Morawiecki government opens up a genuine choice in Poland.
Sharing some of the ideological hallmarks of French President Emmanual Macron, the ex-banker Morawiecki could build his own political base within the cabinet and seek to drive through some of the modernizing rhetoric with which he has been associated and on which the government has dragged its feet.
Both he and Macron are faced with deeply statist political cultures, both cut their teeth in the international financial world and both appear to have instincts more closely attuned to the demands of liberal market economics than old-school statism.
PiS less monolithic than assumed
The PiS government maintains a nationalist and conservative profile but is less ideologically monolithic than often assumed.
Jan Mus, a political scientist at the Vistula University in Warsaw, said the government to date has been made up of three main groupings.
"You have the ideological praetorians, the most important group as far as political influence and personal aspirations are concerned and includes Antoni Macierewicz, Mariusz Blaszczak, Mariusz Kaminski and Witold Waszczykowski," Mus said.
The second main group is what he called ideological neophytes. "This is primarily Justice Minister Zbigniew Ziobro," he added.
A counterbalance to these groups is what he calls the managers. "This is an interesting category and it is where Morawiecki comes in, along with Anna Strezynska, Henryk Kowalczyk and earlier Pawel Szalamacha," Mus said.
"The ‘managers'' stock has always depended on the financial effectiveness of their ideas. Managers have therefore played more of a service than an autonomous role to the ideas of Kaczynski," Mus said.
But this could be about to change, he added.
Watch video 01:11 Share Polish President Andrzej Duda to veto law reform Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2h4mv Polish President Andrzej Duda to veto law reform
On the economy
As finance minister, Morawiecki created the "Morawiecki plan," designed in its own words "to strengthen Polish capital" and drive growth by investing 1 trillion zlotys (€238 billion, $282 billion) in innovation and technology sectors, using a mix of funding from public, EU and global financial institutions such as the World Bank.
A free-marketeer in principle, Morawiecki was thus more than willing to spend public money to stimulate domestic consumption when at the Finance Ministry. For the time being it is reaping rewards: the economy is expected to grow 4 percent this year, with unemployment falling to 6.6 percent.
Morawiecki also earned a reputation as tough on tax evasion and for securing fiscal prudence during his tenure at the ministry.
On the downside, Poland's debt-to-GDP ratio was at a relatively low 54 percent last year but it could still balloon. Inflation is also creeping up, and with expectations of interest rate hikes.
Monetary policy
A Morawiecki ally, Szalamacha — who left the government in 2016 — wanted the central bank's mandate to add economic growth as an objective on equal terms with its goal of price stability. That has not been achieved so far and under Morawiecki it will be interesting to see what plans he has here.
With inflation on the rise, interest rates hikes and central bank independence will both be watched for signs of where Morawiecki's ideological instincts take him.
Fiscal policy
The government has said it will be committed to maintaining an overall deficit below 3 percent of GDP in line with EU guidelines, but to do so PiS has toyed with raising taxes on banks and supermarkets, neither popular with foreign investors, a group all Polish governments have had to tread carefully with.
A bill on converting Swiss franc loans, which has been supported by President Andrzej Duda, who pledged to offer relief to borrowers during his election campaign in 2014, has sat on the sidelines since PiS came to power in late 2015. Again, Morawiecki will be offered a populist and a market economic choice.
Szydlo introduced a popular monthly allowance of PLN 500 (€120) per child, which costs about PLN 19 billion a year. This is unlikely to be changed any time soon and opposition parties have said they will keep it if elected.
Statist instincts?
Despite his private-sector credentials, Morawiecki has also however shown a penchant for building up state assets, particularly in the banking sector.
"The weakness of the last quarter century has been to downplay the state's role in the modern economy," which is "a sin and an absolute mistake," Morawiecki argued at a recent debate on Poland's development since the 1989 demise of communism.
While the mass privatization drive that drew strong foreign investment during the early days of Polish capitalism helped to revive a failed economy, Morawiecki said, nearly 30 years later, leaving key sectors in foreign hands means the profits leave Poland.
Morawiecki said he is focused on creating a "Polish Dream" model for a welfare state that would ensure equal access to basic goods, work and housing for all Poles.
New finance minister
The choice of new finance minister will tell Poles and the world something about the direction the second half of the PiS administration will take. Either a Morawiecki or a Kaczynski appointment.
Watch video 01:32 Share Poland's Kaczynski blames Tusk for crash Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2hfrb Poland's Kaczynski blames Tusk for crash
Ununited critics
While one set of critics say his instincts are too statist, another bemoans the fact he hasn't been statist enough.
"After two years, we see that he is certainly an effective financial manager... but so far, he still hasn't managed to push through his own policies focused on public-sector investment,” Witold Orlowski, the chief economic adviser for PricewaterhouseCoopers in Poland, told the French news agency AFP.
Leszek Balcerowicz, the architect of Poland's "shock therapy" transition from communism to capitalism in the early 1990s, meanwhile accused Morawiecki of populism and "politicizing the economy, including banks, imposing statism instead of market rules and harming public finances."
An ex-finance minister, Jan Vincent Rostowski told DW that "PiS has overseen terrible macroeconomic results. The 2.5 percent growth in 2016 was in effect a massive slowdown and puts Poland's public finances in danger."
"This was directly due to the investment slowdown. Investment, in fact, fell off a cliff, with investors afraid and this was directly related to the assault on the rule of law and due process. Given the growth in the EU, Poland should have seen 4 percent growth, as it did in 2015, when European growth was slower."
"PiS does not have economic policies, they all political," he said. "This has economically very risky ramifications, a failure in particular to cut the public sector deficit, creating no buffer. They have individual projects, but no overall macroeconomic policy. Morawiecki is absolutely pathetic," Rostowski said.
Rule of law
The controversial push to overhaul the country's Constitutional Court and reform the judiciary, as well as the transformation of public media outlets into instruments of governmental propaganda dissemination, have led to serious conflicts with Brussels.
Szydlo recently accused European Council President Donald Tusk – a Polish former PM - of using his position to attack Poland.
Relations between PiS and Tusk, who led the center-right Civic Platform (PO) government from 2007 to 2014, have been so bad that Poland was the only country to vote against his re-election as EU president in March.
Decommunization and nationalism
Morawiecki's views gel with the "de-communization" drive that has helped PiS push through several contested measures, including justice reforms which the EU has called a "systemic threat" to the rule of law.
The government also drew criticism from abroad following an Independence Day march last month that was organized by far-right groups. It drew an estimated 60,000 participants, including some who carried banners and signs with white supremacist messages. Some government members praised the march.
Watch video 04:28 Share Fighting for democracy in Poland Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2kGM3 Fighting for democracy in Poland
A foreign policy reboot
An English-speaking banker, Morawiecki might have more luck actually talking with Brussels, after two years of disastrous PR for Warsaw.
The once-warm relations between Poland and Germany have cooled considerably. The claim to reparations that Kaczynski raised regarding damages and losses incurred through German occupation during WWII may be popular with supporters, but they have been disastrous for bilateral relations.
Duda has said that if Poland were to ever join the euro there would have to be a referendum first, and insisted that it couldn't happen until Polish wages are at least equal to German wages. Average wages in Poland are €689 per month, compared with €2,598 in Germany.
Huawei founder and CEO Ren Zhengfei made a rare public appearance on Thursday to deny allegations that his company's telecommunications equipment poses a threat to U.S. national security. According to Reuters, it was the first time in more than 25 years that the executive has spoken with the media. It has been alleged that Huawei is in cahoots with the Chinese government, which has left countries such as the U.S., Canada and Australia hesitant to use the company's equipment.
Zhenfei said that Huawei has “no connection to the cyber-security issues the U.S. has encountered in the past, current and future,” noting that his company's equipment is rarely used on U.S. networks. “We have never sold any key equipment to major U.S. carriers, nor have we sold any equipment to any U.S. government agency,” he said.
The fears over the company's products have hurt Huawei's goals of expanding into bigger markets. The firm is currently the second largest provider of telecom equipment and fifth largest smartphone vendor in the world, however its products are rarely found in Western countries.
"Cash cow" - Picture by Glenn Sapaden
Dota 2 Stars Arena and Solid Dota 2 Challenge – two tournaments organized by Chris Lombard – have yet to pay out $9,000 in prize money to the winning teams despite having received the funds from sponsors. All four winning teams – ProDota Gaming, Flipsid3 Tactics, Power Rangers and Danish Bears – have confirmed that the organizer has failed to pay or respond to any attempt at contact since the tournaments concluded. LootMarket, one of the sponsors, has also confirmed that Lombard was paid the $4,000 prize pool for Solid Dota 2 Challenge.
For the teams that miss out on the bigger prize pools of The International, the Majors and other premium LAN events, online tournaments are the ideal platform and the most common place for players to gain their earnings and momentum.
The process is simple. The organizer contracts with a sponsor. Teams compete against each other. People tune in to watch them play. Some teams win and then are paid. The sponsor pays the organizer – who in turn pays the teams. Or doesn't.
ProDota Gaming won Dota 2 Stars Arena and were supposed to receive $3,000. PR seemingly secured a handsome $2,000 for the second place in the same competition.
A few weeks later, Flipsid3 Tactics (then known as !Rebels!) won the Solid Dota 2 Challenge. The CIS team was anticipating a $2,500 prize, while the runners-up, Danish Bears, were counting on their $1,500 share.
What do those four teams have in common? They've competed in different tournaments organized by the same person – a seemingly well intentioned guy who didn't raise any red flags at first, but disappeared without a trace when it came to paying out the owed prize money.
Both Dota 2 Stars Arena and Solid Dota 2 Challenge were organized by the same person, Chris Lombard, in March and April, respectively.
At the time, Chris Lombard was not a known figure in the scene. It has become almost a commonplace of the Dota 2 scene for smaller online tournaments ran by new faces to pop up all over the place.
When Lombard approached ProDota Gaming, Power Rangers, Flipsid3 Tactics (then known as !Rebels!) and Danish Bears, none of the teams hesitated to accept the invites to his events. They didn't question Lombard's legitimacy, as valid sponsors such as LootMarket and GameKit were already in place. LootMarket sponsored Solid Dota 2 Challenge, providing the $4,000 prize pool, while GameKit handed over the $5,000 prize fund for Dota 2 Stars Arena.
A normally responsive and active organizer during the course of the events, Lombard has since become unresponsive and Missing in Action.
For smaller online events, most teams typically get their prize money in 30 days upon the tournament's completion. When that time came and went, the teams started making inquiries, and rightfully so.
ProDota Gaming manager Ivan “Ivan” Karpov has told DotaBlast that he has tried multiple times to make contact with Chris Lombard. According to Karpov, Lombard told him earlier in May that the sponsor, GameKit, had deposited the owed prize money directly into the bank account provided by the team. Since the money didn't go through, ProDota Gaming reached out to Lombard again, but to no avail.
ProDota Gaming owner and CEO Maxym “Max” Dyakonyuk has stated:
Unfortunately, there is nothing to say. Everything is crystal clear – it's just simply fraud.
Power Rangers manager Nikita “BigStar” Shastakou has confirmed that his team has also not been paid or managed to have any contact with Chris Lombard.
Flipsid3 Tactics and Danish Bears are in the very same situation, but for a different tournament. After trying to seek out Lombard, they went directly to LootMarket to track down their earnings. LootMarket provided them with proof of paying Chris Lombard via PayPal almost immediately upon the tournament's completion.
It is sad that things that were happening in 2012-2014, when we were more heavily involved in Dota, still persist. It is my advise to any sponsors of smaller, less reputable events to make sure their money goes straight to the players. As a tournament organizer myself in Dota (long ago) and other games (CSGO, SF5), if a sponsor took responsibility for paying players it would be a load off. You can de-compartmentalize your production staff from your players via sponsor payouts. You can use one to pay players and one to pay yourselves (for a very easy example). Sponsors who do not want to be involved in this mess should focus more on making sure their names do not end up in these situations. I feel for LootMarket in this situation and I feel terrible for our players. As a community, I think it's time we start forcing newer organizations who want to run tournaments to do it our way and not the other way around. It is 2016 and it is absolutely embarrassing that this continues. – Hector “Frost” Rosario, Flipsid3 Tactics owner and CEO
LootMarket has no basis on which to dispute the transaction or request a refund from PayPal or the organizer, since Lombard upheld his end of the agreement. Kevin Wimer, LootMarket CEO, explains:
Our agreement with Chris Lombard was pretty simple. We pay him for a certain set of deliverables / exposure (overlays, links, on-air site usage, etc). He was pretty easy to work with and the results were great for us. I'm not sure how we can help to prevent this from happening in the future, since compensation to the winners falls outside of the scope of our involvement. I can assure everyone that we will not be cooperating with Mr. Lombard again for any events.
DotaBlast has reached out to Chris Lombard and has not yet received a response.
Notorious cases of tournament organizers gone rogue
While Valve maintains a permissive free market approach, not holding any exclusivity rights to tournaments, anyone with money or a plan can submit a request to Valve for an in-game ticket and hold an online or LAN event. The process is relatively simple and open to all.
The results can be detrimental to the players when an event is organized by someone with bad intentions, looking to make a quick dollar or milk the cash cow.
Back when he was playing for Basically Unknown, Ionuț “Ar1sE” Turtoi talked to DotaBlast about the challenges of being on a sponsorless team:
Basically Unknown did not have a sponsor, nor did we win a lot of tournament money. For a group of younger, starting players financial security is very important, it generates confidence and motivation. Not only did we not have a sponsor, but also most of the tournaments that we've won so far have yet to pay the prize money, some being delayed longer than three months.
A year ago, Burden United, 4 Clovers and Lepricon and London Conspiracy were invited to attend DOT.Fair – a LAN tournament featuring $15,000 cash prizes. The organizers decided to pull the plug on the event, leaving the teams to foot the bill.
It is not always the smaller, sponsorless teams that are affected.
Major All Stars failed to pay champions Invictus Gaming, after more than a year since the tournament's completion.
Authorities say a Pennsylvania man denied striking a woman with his car even though part of her severed body was found on the passenger-side floor of his crumpled vehicle.
Thirty-three-year-old Jose Antonio Santiago is charged with causing an accident involving death or injury in Sunday's hit-and-run near Allentown.
State police say 62-year-old Anna Lewis was hit so hard that her body was cut in half. Her sister was also injured.
Police found Santiago's heavily damaged car about 90 minutes after the crash and Santiago two hours later. Pieces of his car were found at the accident scene.
Police say Santiago admitted driving a friend home from a bar that night after having a few drinks but denied hitting anyone.
He told them, "If I did, I would have stopped."
Copyright Associated Press
VIEWPOINT
Sir David King
Copenhagen's failure to deliver a legally binding deal has created an opportunity for individuals to fill the void left by politicians, says Sir David King. In this week's Green Room, he explains how small-scale projects can move the world towards a low carbon future. For two weeks, the Danish capital billed itself as "Hopenhagen"
Why did Copenhagen fail to deliver? At-a-glance: Copenhagen Accord Copenhagen didn't get us the legally binding global carbon emission reduction agreement we so wanted. To many it was a disappointment, a vindication of their fears that world leaders would fail to seize the moment and rise above national self-interest to secure an historic climate treaty. But I see it more as an opportunity for others to step in and fill the leadership void left by politicians; a chance for businesses, local communities and individuals to drive forward the low carbon agenda despite the lack of international political consensus. Over the past two years, the UK government has concentrated on agreeing and setting out the legislation for action; now it must focus on practical ways in which the UK can meet its targets, which are reducing carbon emissions by a third by the year 2020 and by 80% of 1990 levels by 2050. So far, ministers have largely concentrated resources on large-scale infrastructure projects, such as the development of clean technology, investing millions in an attempt to unearth the key to a new energy era. A new generation of nuclear power stations will also be important in helping the country make the transition to a low carbon economy. While these are a vital component of any government's climate change strategy, they will not be sufficient on their own to meet stringent carbon reduction commitments. To do this, it will be important to mobilise all parts of society, both business and one of the most powerful agents of change: communities. Changing times Many innovative companies are already changing the way they work, judging that if not now, legislation will eventually drive them to reduce carbon, so they might as well stay ahead of the game. While big global deals are being sought, it's local communities that are getting on with the task at hand
Others are being forced by regulations, such as the European Union's Emissions Trading Scheme to cut emissions. However, the truly exciting possibilities for transformative change lie within communities. Small, locally-owned initiatives replicated by groups across countries and nations can deliver substantial emissions reductions. At the same time, they can drive the mass shift in attitude and behaviour that is needed to tackle climate change. The key is to use incentives to engage people to become a part of both the economic and practical solutions that are needed. Small scale, low-tech solutions like these already exist throughout the world, not least in developing countries that are often seen as part of the problem rather than part of the solution. CRERAL is a co-operative in south Brazil that supplies electricity via the grid to 6,300 mainly rural customers in the area. To increase the capacity and improve the reliability of its supply, it has built two river-based, low-tech, low-cost mini-hydro plants (0.72 and 1.0 MW capacity) that produce about 5.5 GWh of electricity a year, or 25% of overall demand. In northern Tanzania, the Mwanza Rural Housing Programme (MRHP) trains villagers to set up enterprises making high-quality bricks from local clay, fired with agricultural residues rather than wood. Not only has this reduced deforestation, the bricks have been used in more than 100,000 homes in 70 villages, providing improved comfort and durability. Bottoms up The key to the success of these initiatives has been the buy-in of the local community, a bottom-up rather than a top-down approach. [In Denmark], community groups own half of its private wind farms
Too often in the UK, climate change initiatives seem to be foisted on local communities, dislocating the projects from the very people whose support is required. Energy companies find it hard to get wind farms through the UK planning system, as they are often challenged by residents who feel aggrieved about their lack of control over projects that will affect but may not benefit them. Denmark uses a very different model: community groups own half of its private wind farms and 85% of the nation's wind generation capacity is made up of small clusters of turbines rather than large developments. Backed by a planning system sympathetic to turbine installation and the guarantee of a stable, premium price for energy sold back to the grid, people are encouraged to join forces to create their own renewable energy supply. Similar schemes have also sprung up in the Netherlands and Germany. Last week, Nesta - the UK's national authority on innovation - announced the winners of its Big Green Challenge, a £1m prize fund to encourage community-led carbon emission reductions. It developed the prize in 2007 because policymakers focused more on targeting consumers and industry and overlooked the role of communities in reducing carbon emissions. Big schemes enjoy economies of scale, but small projects enjoy people power The four community winners of the Big Green Challenge  The Green Valleys based in Brecon Beacons in Wales, Household Energy Service based in Ludlow, Shropshire, and Isle of Eigg in Scotland and a runner-up, Low Carbon West Oxford, managed to reduce carbon emissions by between 10-32%. In one year alone, these initiatives have almost met the remaining 2020 CO2 reduction targets, and in the future their emission reductions are expected to treble. Again, these projects worked because the local communities came up with them, and often benefited directly  a reduction in winter fuel bill costs, for example. All are cost-effective and could be replicated across the nation and around the globe. The lessons that can be learned are simple: set an objective, incentivise and empower people, offer support and resources, and practical, local climate change solutions will follow. By supporting more grassroots initiatives, and by allowing innovation, ingenuity and local ownership to flourish as a complement to larger infrastructure projects, the UK government could go a long way to achieving its 2050 emissions reduction target  at a fraction of the cost. While big global deals are being sought, it's local communities that are getting on with the task at hand. Sir David King is the director of the Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment at the University of Oxford, and a National Endowment for Science, Technology and the Arts (Nesta) visiting Fellow The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Sir David King? Can small-scale project help move the world towards a low-carbon future? Can individuals fill the void left by politicians? Or do we need a global legally binding deal if we are going tackle climate change?
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
• Adebayor set to leave having not played for Spurs since May • Togo striker held talks with West Ham during the summer
The Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor, who has not played for the club since May, has been released from his contract by mutual agreement.
Angry Togo coach rules out picking Emmanuel Adebayor after no-show Read more
A statement on Spurs' official website on Sunday morning said: “We can confirm that we have reached a mutual agreement with Emmanuel Adebayor which will see him released from his contract with the club. We wish Emmanuel well for the future.”
Adebayor has not been included in Mauricio Pochettino's 25-man Premier League squad for this season or given a squad number and after the Tottenham manager spoke about the 31-year-old Togo forward at a press conference on Friday there seemed little doubt he would not play for the club again.
Pochettino confirmed he had spoken with the player over the summer to explain that his future did not lie at White Hart Lane. “I was very clear with him, we had a conversation before the end of last season and I explained my idea,” the said on Friday.
“I think it is clear he is not in my mind or in the plans for the future of Tottenham. It is not a problem for him or a problem for us. It was clear from the beginning three or four months ago and it was his decision whether to stay or not. We are always available to help him, we have a good relationship. The only problem now is to find a solution for him and a solution for the club, something that is good for both sides.”
Despite being told he would be allowed to find another club and holding an hour-long chat with the West Ham manager, Slaven Bilic, it is understood Adebayor had refused to leave White Hart Lane unless Spurs paid up the remainder of his contract - believed to be worth as much as £5m.
Pochettino also revealed that Adebayor had been training with the under-21 squad after a self-imposed exile from the senior set-up.
The former Arsenal striker, whose contract was due to run until next summer, has been with Spurs for four years, initially signing on loan from Manchester City in 2011, scoring 18 goals, before making the switch permanent the following season.
Last season – Pochettino's first in charge at Tottenham – Adebayor made only 17 appearances in all competitions, netting twice.
Donald Trump outlined “dire threats to our security and to our way of life” in an important speech Thursday in Warsaw, Poland, a nation familiar with “dire threats to our security and to our way of life.”
In the twentieth century, Nazi Germany and Soviet Russia destroyed all but a tiny fraction of the city where the president spoke. But the totalitarians did not break the city's, or the surrounding nation's, spirit. As President Trump explained, cries of “We want God!” echoed in the ears of atheist overlords when Pope John Paul II said mass in his homeland almost forty years ago. Today, much of Europe just as loudly shouts “We hate God!”
Christendom once served as a synonym for Europe. St. George's cross now appears to some Brits as a hate symbol. Much of France in 1996 protested the 1,500th anniversary celebration of the conversion of King Clovis. Can Facebook, Starbucks, and Uber really rally a people the way God can?
The decline of Christianity represents one of the forces that work, in Trump's words, “to erase the bonds of culture, faith, and tradition that make us who we are. If left unchecked, these forces will undermine our courage, sap our spirit, and weaken our will to defend ourselves and our societies.”
A society not vigorous enough to replace itself represents another subversive force, one only obliquely referenced in Trump's speech. Earlier this week, the New York Times reported that the U.S. birth rate sunk to its historic nadir in 2016. The fertility rate of the U.S. actually betters Spain, Italy, France, and most other major European nations. Not to worry, the Old Barren Gray Lady explains. “Yes, it's below replacement level, but not dramatically so,” Brady E. Hamilton of the National Center for Health Statistics assured the Times. “We have a high level of influx of immigrants that compensates for it.”
This high-level of immigration, especially in across the Atlantic, where not predominantly Christian Mexicans eager and able to assimilate but Muslims, many of whom looking to belatedly win the Battle of Tours, flood the continent already has turned parts of Europe into parts of the Middle East. In alleged nation-states on both sides of the ocean, elites view borders as the racism of cartographers.
Multiculturalism represents the fourth challenge softening the West's will to defend itself. In theory a celebration of many cultures, multiculturalism works in practice as an attack on the dominant culture. Out-of-work quarterback Colin Kaepernick, for instance, asked on the Fourth of July: “How can we truly celebrate independence on a day that intentionally robbed our ancestors of theirs?” The point of such attacks on patriotism in various Western nations essentially posits that the West does not merit a defense.
“The fundamental question of our time is whether the West has the will to survive,” the president posited Thursday. “Do we have the confidence in our values to defend them at any cost? Do we have enough respect for our citizens to protect our borders? Do we have the desire and the courage to preserve our civilization in the face of those who would subvert and destroy it?”
Trump speaks sensible points once made by others on a soapbox now into a megaphone.
“Multiculturalism at home threatens the United States and the West; universalism abroad threatens the West and the world,” the late Samuel Huntington pointed out in The Clash of Civilizations and the Remaking of World Order. “Both deny the uniqueness of Western culture. The global monoculturalists want to make the world like America. The domestic multiculturalists want to make America like the world.”
Five years later, Pat Buchanan noted in 2001's Death of the West, “As a growing population has long been a mark of healthy nations and rising civilizations, falling populations have been a sign of nations and civilizations in decline. If that holds true, Western civilization, power and wealth aside, is in critical condition.”
A year after that, Roger Scruton pointed out in The West and the Rest, “It is very difficult to contemplate the sacrifice of your life without believing in the durability of the thing for which you die. The patriot who dies in defense of territory and the people who have settled there is not laying down his life for some temporary arrangement, but defending what aims to be permanent.”
As the books by Huntington, Scruton, and Buchanan demonstrate, Donald Trump's bell-ringing comes as the latest and loudest in a transgenerational sounding of alarms. How long can we keep hitting snooze before we are too late for the task?
The SR400 has been around for a while as a popular custom donor bike, but we shouldn't overlook its little 250cc brother, which is equally simple in construction and, as demonstrated by the UK's new-kids-on-the-custom-block Auto Fabrica, it can make a cracking little custom street bike. This is their third build, otherwise known as the Type 3.
Bujar and the guys have quickly established themselves on the UK custom scene with a set of three high quality builds, all of which show the difference between bikes that are ‘designed' and bikes that are simply built. We're not suggesting every bike needs rendered artwork before you get the spanners out, but when it's done right, a pre-planned build does usually come out just that little bit better. It also means the guys get to pay extra attention to all the little details because the overall shape is already taken care of.
Like all builds of this ilk, the work began at the back end with a reworked, chopped and lopped frame to accommodate a brat/tracker style seat, which kicks gently upwards halfway along its length. The pale brown leather gives way to a neat little black V-shape at the back, which seems is a new Auto Fabrica trademark, but it also adds a simple touch of class.
The mounting points for the rear shortie fender and tank were modified to keep fixings hidden away and to run a clean line from the tank to the seat. Sometimes just a few millimeters change of a tank angle or link from one component to another makes a huge difference in the overall look and feel of a build, and the guys at Auto Fabrica excel at taking this into account.
Most builders like to hide the battery, but in the case of this build it's been eliminated altogether as the SR250 has a kickstart, and it's an easy bike to boot into life. Saving weight on a 250 is always a great performance mod, plus it removes the problem of where to hide a big ugly plastic box in a tiny frame. Besides, kick starting a bike always makes you look badass and somehow more mechanically skilled, compared to just thumbing a little red button on the bars.
The Type 3's single pipe has a lobster-back, welded section construction, which looks very bespoke and was the only way to get the neat flowing curve that the guys had put into their design. It also adds texture and avoid choosing between steel, chrome or pipewrap. They also liked the bluing of the metal around the welds.
There are a few nice touches in the leatherwork on this bike too, with hand stitched grips matching neat covers on the kickstart and gear lever, as well as the more obvious seat. Bates-style lighting takes care of the basics at the front and the back of the bike, with no indicators required for this no frills build. The speedo is small, black and unobtrusive and the cabled controls are equally understated.
It's a clean and simple build, and establishes Auto Fabrica as a name to watch. You can guarantee we'll be hearing a lot more about these guys.
Auto Fabrica | Facebook | Instagram
ONE trillion dollars. That may be the cost to Russian investors of Vladimir Putin's rule. It is the equivalent of about $7,000 for every Russian citizen.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The calculation stems from the fact that investors regard Russian assets with suspicion. As a result, Russian stocks trade on a huge discount to much of the rest of the world, with an average price-earnings ratio (p/e) of just 5.2. At present, the Russian market has a total value of $735 billion. If it traded on the same p/e as the average emerging market (12.5), it would be worth around $1.77 trillion.
Not all of this discount is down to the actions of the Russian government. But it is probably responsible for the bulk of it. Investors have been nervous about corporate governance in Russia, thanks to a series of high-profile incidents such as the jailing of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, an oil magnate who fell out with Mr Putin, the expulsion of William Browder, a hedge-fund manager who campaigned against corruption, and the trouble faced by oil companies such as BP and Shell in dealing with local partners. All those events occurred well before Russia's annexation of Crimea and its backing of separatists in eastern Ukraine, steps that have prompted Western sanctions.
Most Russian citizens will not notice the problem since they do not own stocks individually or collectively, in the form of pension schemes and mutual funds. (By itself, one might argue, this is an indictment of the regime.) But it will hurt the many oligarchs who are close to Mr Putin. And for the broader population, the result is a lack of foreign investment (and capital flight abroad) that must be contributing to the country's poor growth: its GDP fell by 0.4% in the first quarter.
From time to time, analysts point to the low Russian valuation as a sign that the market is cheap and that international investors should go on a buying spree. But such calls tend to be swiftly followed by new evidence of the Putin regime's caprice, prompting further disillusionment. The low rating of the market has been remarkably persistent (see chart).
At the global level, investors have learned to shrug off geopolitical risk. Ever since the first Gulf war of 1991, when markets rallied as soon as the fighting started, the pattern has been the same. Markets may wobble for a few days over wars, or rumours of wars. But no recent crisis has resulted in anything more than a regional conflict, nor has any resulted in the kind of economic disruption that occurred in the 1970s, when soaring oil prices fostered stagflation. Indeed, investors seem to have great faith that most problems can be solved by central banks, either in the form of near-zero interest rates or bond-buying programmes.
Yet the same is not true at the level of individual countries, where political risk still clearly applies. Several other countries show evidence of what might be dubbed the “DOG factor”: a discount for obnoxious governments. Iran, like Russia a target of Western sanctions, trades on a p/e of just 5.6 and has a total stockmarket value of $131 billion; were it to be rated on a par with the average emerging market, its market value would be $292 billion, so its DOG factor is $161 billion or 55%.
Argentina's government has manipulated its inflation rate, defaulted on its debt back in 2001 and, thanks to the legal battle that ensued, may do so again in a few days' time. Its stockmarket trades on a price-earnings ratio of 6.1. As a result, its total value is $56 billion, rather than the $115 billion it might have commanded (a DOG factor of 51%). After its hyperinflationary episode last decade, Zimbabwe's rating has recovered a bit, although it still lags the emerging-market average.
The stockmarket is not the only way that investors penalise untrustworthy governments; Argentina's 20-year bonds yield 9.8%, more than five percentage points above the yield on the equivalent Mexican bonds. (Russia cancelled a bond auction this week, citing “market conditions”.) The more the government spends on interest, the more it has to tax its citizens and the less money it has available to spend on services. The bond-market vigilantes may have been neutered in the developed world by central banks and their quantitative-easing programmes, but they are still capable of inflicting damage in emerging markets.
Many people in the affected countries see these discounts as proof of Western bias or a sign of the malign impact of international capitalism. But the acid test is what they would do with their own money: would they trust their government enough to keep it at home, or would they rather send it abroad?
Economist.com/blogs/buttonwood
Ahmed Mohamed, the White House's favorite builder of clocks, has returned to the United States and he's suing his old Texas town of Irving over the bomb mix-up.
NBC News reports:
‘Clock Boy' Ahmed Mohamed Sues Texas City for Accusing Him of Making Bomb
The young tinkerer from Texas who was arrested last year for bringing a homemade alarm clock to school — and was later invited to the White House and Google's world headquarters — has filed a federal lawsuit against his former hometown, accusing it of violating his civil rights as part of a wider pattern of discrimination against African-American students.
Ahmed Mohamed, the 14-year-old son of a Sudanese immigrant who has since moved his family to Qatar, claims in the lawsuit that he was the victim of biased treatment since his arrival in Irving, Texas, as a Muslim third grader, including being singled out for discipline.
But he kept trying to impress his teachers in the Dallas suburb as a way “to make connections and gain acceptance,” according to the lawsuit.
That is why, last September, at the start of his freshman year at MacArthur High School, he spent a weekend piecing together the clock, using spare electronics parts left over from his father's failed cell phone business, according to the lawsuit. He showed it to a teacher, who took it and contacted school officials, who in turn called police. Under questioning without his parents, he told them he had made an alarm clock. But he was accused of making a fake bomb, and taken into custody. Charges weren't filed, but he was suspended for three days for violating the student code of conduct.
And there are good reasons to wait. Everywhere this practice has been used it's the same story: cancer-causing fumes right next to schools, truck accidents with hazardous liquids or even radioactive materials, explosions at drilling sites or pipelines, and--most famously--severe water contamination. Hydraulic fracturing has been linked across the country to cases where the water is so polluted with gas that you can actually light it on fire. The fracking process involves pumping millions of gallons of toxic chemicals thousands of feet underground to break up rock formations and release pockets of gas. Gas companies don't have to tell us what chemicals they're using because hydraulic fracturing is specifically exempted from disclosure requirements in the Safe Drinking Water Act through to a provision, nicknamed "the Halliburton Loophole," that was inserted by Dick Cheney into the 2005 Energy Policy Act. Right now, because of the Halliburton Loophole and other exemptions for dirty fossil fuels, the EPA has absolutely no power to regulate hydraulic fracturing.
In response, Hinchey has introduced legislation, called the FRAC (Fracturing Responsibility and Awareness of Chemicals) Act, that would close the Halliburton Loophole and restore EPA oversight of hydraulic fracturing. Hinchey also secured funding for a comprehensive EPA study on the link between hydraulic fracturing and drinking water contamination.
The gas industry has not been pleased, so it was no big shock when Hinchey ended up on the list of Democratic representatives targeted by the Rove unlimited-spending machine. With my community in Sullivan County, NY slated for a massive drilling operation as soon as the spring of 2011, I knew I had to stand up Rove and his billionaire donors. So I worked with Frack Action USA PAC to shoot and air a commercial highlighting Hinchey's leadership in protecting the public from dangerous gas drilling.
It's a small step to counter the Rove echo chamber that has dominated the airwaves here, and to communicate to other elected officials around the country that we need them to act now to safeguard the public from this dangerous and unregulated practice. But the fight has just begun, and we're prepared to do what it takes to protect our water, air, and children's future--in communities across the country.
The stakes are high, with many people eager to sign gas leases in the hopes that the new industry will bring riches for landowners and needed jobs for the community. But the experiences of people in Pennsylvania--where hydraulic fracturing has taken off in recent years--contradict the industry's fairy tale of easy money with no downsides.
And it's not just people in rural areas who are affected. Fracking is currently going on along the Colorado River, which supplies water to 30 million people in Los Angeles, San Diego, Las Vegas, Phoenix, and Tucson, and is being planned for thousands of sites along the Delaware River, which supplies water to 15 million people in New York City, Philadelphia and most of New Jersey. That amounts to 1 in 6 Americans being at significant risk of exposure to potent toxic chemicals in the drinking water they use every day from spills and runoff from fracking wells.
Five years after the passage of the Halliburton Loophole, the use of hydraulic fracturing shows no signs of slowing down. Major energy corporations are banking on our long term consumption of shale gas. At the same time, politicians in both parties are working overtime to sell us on the idea that natural gas is a panacea for climate change and our foreign oil addiction.
That's why we have to stand up for the leaders who are taking a common-sense approach and advocating that we use caution instead of gambling with our most precious resources. Stay tuned for future dispatches from this battle. This issue is not going away anytime soon, and neither am I.
The mysterious triangular-shaped aircraft has made several appearances over the skies of the continental United States — with the most recent sighting being over Wichita, Kan. last week — is likely a U.S. military aircraft, according to information from military sources.
Though a preponderance of evidence points to a classified U.S. military aircraft, there is still a limited amount of information on the type of aircraft or any other characteristics.
Amateur photographer Jeff Templin captured an image of the aircraft with a high-powered 400mm lens when it was flying almost directly overhead. Templin said that he observed the aircraft make several S-turns, leaving a contrail in its wake.
“Right over the city, clear as a bell,” Templin told KSN, a local Wichita television station.
“Anyone that was looking up would have seen it. You don't usually see military or even civilian aircraft's jets that leave contrails making this kind of severe departures off of the given route.”
Earlier on March 10, photographers Steve Douglass and Dean Muskett captured images of what appear to be three of the same type of aircraft flying in formation over Amarillo, Texas.
As before, the aircraft were flying high enough to leave a contrail.
“One of the three then did something either unusual or on purpose that made it's planform visible for a brief few seconds,” Douglass wrote on his blog.
“It maneuvered in and out of the lead aircraft's contrail, kind of playfully.”
While it is hard to discern any real detail from the images taken over Texas in March, Templin's photo clearly shows the mystery aircraft's triangular planform. The shape is reminiscent of the U.S Navy's General Dynamics/McDonnell Douglas A-12 Avenger II carrier-based bomber program to replace the Grumman A-6 Intruder that was cancelled in Jan. 1991.
However, it is impossible to determine the size or any other pertinent data from the photos leaving only educated inferences.
“Given the resolution of this photo, we can't even tell if it is a military aircraft, much less an Air Force one,” U.S. Air Force spokeswoman Jennifer Cassidy told USNI News.
Cassidy referred USNI News to the Federal Aviation Administration.
FAA spokeswoman Alison Duquette was blunt in her response: “I do not know.”
Navy officials were also unable to shed any light on the identity of the aircraft. Meanwhile the Central Intelligence Agency did not respond to requests for information from USNI News
One Air Force official did concede that the aircraft likely belonged to the service, but could not comment further.
Retired Air Force officials who were shown Templin's photo of the aircraft in question declined to comment on the matter.
Given that the aircraft were leaving contrails in their wake, the aircraft must have been flying at high altitudes above 26,000 ft.
According to NASA, contrails form in above 26,000ft where the ambient temperature is less than -40 degrees Celsius. The contrails also give away the fact that the unidentified aircraft is a multi-engine design.
It is highly likely that the unidentified jet is a manned platform given the FAA's harsh restrictions on the operations of unmanned aircraft inside the national airspace system. Unmanned aircraft do not yet have the sense and avoid capabilities needed to avoid mid-air collisions, which is a major obstacle to flying freely over domestic airspace as far as the FAA is concerned.
If the three aircraft that were flying in formation over Texas are indeed of the same type as the one that was spotted flying over Kansas, the probability of the jet being a manned combat aircraft rises exponentially. Non-military aircraft seldom ever fly in formation; neither do most military aircraft not designed for combat.
The other possibility — if in fact the three aircraft operating over Texas were flying in formation — is that there are manned versions of the aircraft that act as command vehicles for unmanned variants.
Essentially, a manned version of the aircraft could be the flight lead with the others being unmanned wingmen.
Industry sources noted that the aircraft that appeared over Texas and Kansas appeared to be going out of their way to draw attention to themselves.
“These [guys] are just being flagrant–did you see the detail that this aircraft was photographed while doing sharp S-turns, generating contrails, in severe clear conditions?” said one industry source with experience on classified programs.
“This is some obviously flawed disclosure strategy.”
It is exceedingly unlikely, according to industry sources that the Defense Department or intelligence community would accidentally allow a presumably classified aircraft to be photographed openly in broad daylight twice in a row.
If the mysterious triangular aircraft is indeed a classified platform, it is likely that it has been in development and testing for years — possibly more than a decade — before the first photographs were taken earlier this year. In that case, it is highly probable that the aircraft is being integrated with the larger overall U.S. military force structure, which is why the jet has started to be spotted more often.
That being the case, this aircraft would be following a pattern laid out by the Lockheed Martin F-117 Nighthawk during the late 1980s when the Air Force first started to fly it during daylight hours to properly integrate the jet into the its force structure.
In the case of the F-117, the service knew it was only a matter of time before the cat was out of the bag.
As such, the Air Force had a statement ready to go for that eventuality. It is possible that the service will release more information when more clear pictures are inevitably taken.
Another recent example, that follows a similar precedent, was when the Air Force disclosed the existence of the Lockheed Martin RQ-170 Sentinel unmanned reconnaissance aircraft after it was photographed repeatedly over Afghanistan.
However, to this day, the most detailed images of that aircraft are from an example that was allegedly captured by Iran during a reconnaissance mission inside that country.
After voting in four states and one Union Territory came to an end on Monday after more than a month-long exercise, various exit polls have announced their predictions either which party or alliance will come to power in the five regions. While they differed on who will win Tamil Nadu, the pollsters were quite sure that the BJP alliance will win Assam, the Left in Kerala, the DMK in Puducherry, and they were unanimous in saying that Mamata Banerjee will retain West Bengal.
Here's who predicted what, statewise:
Assam
Three exit polls have stated that BJP will win Assam and end Tarun Gogoi's 15-year chief ministership. Axis-India Today predicted BJP will win 79-93 seats, ABP-Nielsen gave BJP 81 seats and NewsX-Chanakya gave BJP 90 seats. According to TimesNow C-Voter exit poll, the BJP and allies would get 57 seats, the Congress 41, AIUDF 18 and others 10. However, Gogoi is confident of a victory. “I don't see why there will be anti-incumbency. I trust the people of Assam, they know how much development has happened under us,” Gogoi told ANI.
Tamil Nadu
Exit polls are divided over the results of this state, that saw 69.19 percent polling till 6 pm. NewsNation and the Axis-My India exit polls predict that the DMK will win the state, thereby ending the reign of Jayalalithaa's AIADMK. However, C-Voter claims that Amma's party will retain power in the state. The News Nation TV exit poll gave 95-99 seats in the 234-member assembly to AIADMK and 114-118 to the DMK-Congress alliance. The People Welfare Front (PWF) alliance, made up of six parties, was set to get 14 seats and the BJP four, it said. Nine seats could go to others. The Axis-My India exit poll predicted 124-140 seats to the DMK-Congress alliance, 89-110 to the AIADMK, 0-3 to the BJP and 4-8 to others. The CVoter exit poll, however, said the AIADMK would bag 139 seats, leaving the DMK-Congress alliance at the second place with 78 seats. The BJP was unlikely to win any seat in Tamil Nadu, the exit polls said.
Kerala
The voter turnout in the state was 71 percent till 6pm with the EC saying that it is likely to go up. The Axis-India Today and India TV-C-Voter exit polls both predict that the CPM-led LDF will come to power in the state, thereby toppling the Congress-led UDF. The India Today-Axis exit poll gave 88 to 101 seats to the Left Democratic Front (LDF) in the 140-member house and 38-48 to the Congress-led United Democratic Front (UDF). The BJP could get zero to three seats while one to four seats may go to others. The India TV C-Voter exit poll predicted 74-82 seats to the LDF, which is led by the Communist Party of India-Marxist (CPM).
CPM general secretary Sitaram Yechury, however, stayed cautious, especially as the same polls predict his party will lose West Bengal. “Exit polls never turned out to be true as we've seen in Delhi and Bihar. We should wait for final result,” he told ANI.
West Bengal
Polling was conducted across the state in five phases and after compiling information from all of them, four exit pollsters have predicted just one thing: Mamata Banerjee's TMC will retain power in the state. ETV, NewsNation, Chanakya and ABP-Nielsen are all sure that it will be Mamata again. Chanakya even predicted that the Trinamool Congress will win between 210 and 224 seats while the Left-Congress alliance will gain only 70 to 79 seats and the BJP between 14 and 19 seats. According to ABP-Nielsen, the Trinamool would win 163 of the 294 assembly seats. The CPI-M-led Left Front and the Congress combine would get 126 with a solitary seat going to the BJP. Others would get four seats. But it warned that in 25 constituencies the margin of victory was set to be less than five percent, and the final outcome could drastically change depending on the results in these seats. C-Voter also predicted a whopping 167 seats for the Trinamool, 75 for the Left, 45 for the Congress, four to the BJP and three to others.
Looks like atleast one politician will get a good night's sleep tonight.
Puducherry
Overall polling percentage of 81.94 percent was recorded in till 5 pm, ANI quoted the Election Commission as saying. Exit polls predicted a win for the DMK-Congress alliance in Puducherry too, ousting the ruling All India NR Congress.
With inputs from IANS
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Howard Anthony Schmidt (October 5, 1949 – March 2, 2017)[1] was a partner with Tom Ridge in Ridge Schmidt Cyber LLC, a consultancy company in the field of cybersecurity.[2] He was the Cyber-Security Coordinator of the Obama Administration,[3] operating in the Executive Office of the President of the United States. He announced his retirement from that position on May 17, 2012, effective at the end of the month.[4]
One of Schmidt's leading policy objectives was the development of "National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyberspace", which sought to enable private industry to create electronic identities that can be relied upon in cyberspace similar to the way that businesses rely on the combination of driver's licenses and credit cards to authenticate identities in physical space.[5]
Prior to joining the Obama Administration, Schmidt served as President of the Information Security Forum and President and CEO of R & H Security Consulting LLC, which he founded in May 2005.[6] He was also the international president of the Information Systems Security Association[7] and the Chairman of the board of the Finnish security company Codenomicon, the American security company Fortify Software, and the International Information Systems Security Certification Consortium,[8] commonly known as (ISC)². In October 2008 he was named one of the 50 most influential people in business IT by readers and editors of Baseline Magazine.[9]
Schmidt died of brain cancer on March 2, 2017, at his home in Muskego, Wisconsin.[10][11]
Education [ edit ]
Schmidt held a Bachelor of Science degree in business administration (1994) and a Master of Arts degree in organizational management (1998) from the University of Phoenix. He also holds an honorary doctorate degree in humane letters. Schmidt's certifications include CISSP and CISM.[12] He was a professor of practice at the Georgia Institute of Technology's GTISC, professor of research at Idaho State University, adjunct distinguished fellow with Carnegie Mellon's CyLab, and a distinguished fellow with the Ponemon Institute.[13]
Biography [ edit ]
Public service [ edit ]
Schmidt began his government service in the United States Air Force in 1967, where he studied chemical weapons, high explosives, and nuclear weapons while attending munitions school. Between 1968 and 1974, Schmidt completed three tours of duty in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War.[14] He left active military duty in 1974, then started his civil service career at the Gila Bend Air Force Auxiliary Field, since renamed as the Barry M. Goldwater Air Force Range and served as chief of transportation and deputy director of resource management until 1982.
He served in the Arizona Air National Guard with the 161st Communications Squadron based at Phoenix International Airport, from 1989 until 1998.
Schmidt was a city police officer from 1983 to 1994 for the Chandler Police Department in Arizona where he served on the SWAT team and the Organized Crime and Drug Enforcement Unit, and formed and led the Special Enforcement Team.[15] In 1994 he took a position with the FBI's National Drug Intelligence Center, where he headed the Computer Exploitation Team.[16] After working at the FBI, in 1994, Schmidt joined the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) Computer Forensic Lab and Computer Crime and Information Warfare Division.[17] as a supervisory special agent and director. In 1996, while serving in that position, he established the first dedicated computer forensic lab in the government, which was the basis for the formation of the Defense Computer Forensic Laboratory (DCFL).[18]
In 1998, Schmidt transferred to the U.S. Army Reserves as a special agent, Criminal Investigation Division, where he was assigned to the Computer Crime Investigations Unit (CCIU). He has also served with the 315th MP Det (CID) at Ft. Lawton in Washington. He has testified as an expert witness in federal and military courts in the areas of computer crime, computer forensics and Internet crime.[19]
In May 2003, Schmidt retired from the White House after 31 years of public service in local and federal government. After the 9/11 attacks, he was appointed by President Bush as the Vice Chair of the President's Critical Infrastructure Protection Board and as the special adviser for cyberspace security for the White House in December 2001.[20] While at the White House, he assisted in the creation of the US National Strategy to Secure CyberSpace.[21] He assumed the role as the chair in January 2003 until his retirement in May 2003, when he joined eBay.[22]
On Tuesday, December 22, 2009, Schmidt was named as the United States' top computer security advisor to President Barack Obama. Previously, Schmidt served as a cyber-adviser in President George W. Bush's White House and has served as chief security strategist for the US CERT Partners Program for the National Cyber Security Division through Carnegie Mellon University, in support of the Department of Homeland Security. He has served as vice president and chief information security officer and chief security strategist for eBay.[23]
In May 2012, Schmidt announced that he would be stepping down as the White House's CyberSecurity Coordinator at the end of the month, citing a desire to focus on family and pursue teaching in the cyber field. He was replaced by Michael Daniel, chief of the White House budget office's intelligence branch.[24]
Private industry and professional organizations [ edit ]
Schmidt also had an active career in private industry and professional organizations.
In 1997, Schmidt joined Microsoft, as the director of information security, chief information security officer (CISO), and chief security officer (CSO). He was the co-founder of the Trustworthy Computing Security Strategies Group.[25]
Schmidt served on the Executive Committee of the Information Technology Sector Coordination Council. His memberships include the High Technology Crime Investigation Association, the American Academy of Forensic Sciences and the International Association of Chiefs of Police. He has testified before congressional committees on computer security and cyber crime [26] and has featured on various worldwide television and radio shows including, BBC, ABC, CNN, CNBC, Fox TV talking about cyber-security, investigations and technology.[27][28] He is a co-author of The Black Book on Corporate Security and author of Patrolling CyberSpace, Lessons Learned from a Lifetime in Data Security.[29]
Schmidt was the first president of the Information Technology Information Sharing and Analysis Center.[30] He is a former executive board member of the International Organization of Computer Evidence, and served as the co-chairman of the Federal Computer Investigations Committee. He served as a board member for the CyberCrime Advisory Board of the National White Collar Crime Center, and was a distinguished special lecturer at the University of New Haven, Conn., teaching a graduate certificate course in forensic computing. He has also taught courses for the FBI and DEA on the use of computers and law enforcement investigations.
He served as an augmented member to the President's Committee of Advisors on Science and Technology in the formation of an Institute for Information Infrastructure Protection.
Schmidt has been appointed to the Information Security Privacy Advisory Board to advise the National Institute of Standards and Technology the Secretary of Commerce and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget on information security and privacy issues pertaining to federal government information systems.[31]
Schmidt was also on the International Multilateral Partnership Against Cyber Threats (IMPACT) International Advisory Board.[32]
Publications [ edit ]
Patrolling Cyberspace, Lessons Learned from a Lifetime in Data Security ISBN 0-9776895-2-2
See also [ edit ]
See Category:Computer security for a list of all computing and information-security related articles.
References [ edit ]
Edwardsiella andrillae is a species of sea anemone that uniquely lives anchored to the underside of sea ice offshore of Antarctica. It was discovered in December 2010 during a test run of an undersea robot by a team of researchers associated with the Antarctic Geological Drilling (ANDRILL) Program. The newly discovered anemone was named for the aforementioned program.[2]
Description [ edit ]
According to the scientists, the anemones were less than an inch long when contracted, but would feature between twenty and twenty four tentacles and expand out to three to four times their original size when they relaxed. This includes eight longer tentacles placed in a ring around the inside of the animal, and twelve to sixteen on the outer ring.[2]
Distribution [ edit ]
As of January 2014, the anemone has only been spotted under the Ross Ice Shelf.[2]
Habitat [ edit ]
It is unclear how the species attaches itself to the sea ice, as it would be unable to conventionally burrow into it as other members of the family do in sand. It is the only known species of anemone to live in ice. Additionally, scientists are unsure of how the species survives the temperatures without freezing, and their methods of reproduction. It is speculated that the creatures feed on the plankton in the water.[2]
Discovery [ edit ]
The ANDRILL Program was originally on a mission to learn about undersea currents under the Ross Sea. After drilling the hole, the scientists lowered the robot under the ice, when they made the discovery, which was described by Frank Rack of the ANDRILL Science Management Office at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln as "total serendipity." As the team was not originally expecting to find biological life under the shelf, they were not prepared to retrieve or document sea life. In order to retrieve the sea life, they used hot water to stun them, and used an improvised suction device to remove them from their burrows. The specimens were then placed in ethanol due to the team's lack of preservation equipment, and transferred to the McMurdo Station for further study. Additionally, once the specimens arrived at McMurdo, they were placed in formalin.[2]
Due to the discovery of the anemone and the possibility that other life exists under the ice, Rack stated that a proposal is being prepared to further study the environment below the ice. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is also helping fund the research, as it has implications in the search for life on Jupiter's moon, Europa.[2]
On 23 May 2014 International Institute for Species Exploration declared Edwardsiella andrillae as one of the "Top 10 New Species of 2014" among different species discovered in 2013, chosen for its unique habitat.[3][4]
And by "human cheese" I mean cheese made of human milk. In case that could be misconstrued as anything else. (I don't want to know.)
Miriam Simun, a student of New York University's Interactive Telecommunications Program (ITP), began her human cheese project last October to explore issues of sustainability, health, ethics, food systems, and biotechnology. You can view photos of the cheese and surveys with the milk donors at itp.nyu.edu/livingsystems. In her project statement she poses these questions on serving human cheese:
As we navigate the complex landscape of technologically modified food production, how do we understand what is natural, healthy, ethical? If we reject all technologically modified food in favor of what is 'natural,' how far back to do we go? If we are to welcome new technologies into our lives, how will we continue to redefine what is natural, normal and healthy? How will this change our relationship to each other, the natural world and ourselves? If we are determined to continue to enjoy our cheese, perhaps it is most natural, ethical and healthy to eat human cheese? And if not, what other biotechnological processes does this force us to reconsider?
More All About Cheese Everything you need to know about eating and cooking with curds
At the ITP Winter Show last December, Simun shared three kinds of cheeses made of human milk mixed with goat or cow's milk—you can read more about the ingredients' origins and flavors and sign up for future tastings at miriamsimun.com. And if you want to help out Simun, the project is ongoing; in a recent interview at Food+Tech Connect, Simun says, "I am currently looking for more New York City based women that are interested in working with me."
Would you eat human cheese? If you're a woman, would you be interested in turning your milk into cheese?
[via Metafilter]
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
The devastating economic malaise gripping the United States has finally infected Canada's job market, which shed nearly 71,000 positions in November, the largest monthly net loss in 26 years. The higher-than-expected job losses pushed the country's unemployment rate to 6.3 per cent, up one-tenth of a percentage point from October. "If you needed one piece of evidence to prove that Canada has finally entered that slippery slope toward recession, this would be it," said Michael Gregory, a senior economist at BMO Capital Markets. Canada posted a net gain of 133,000 jobs in the first 11 months of the year, compared with almost two million jobs lost in the United States over the period. The picture was especially bleak in Ontario, Canada's manufacturing heartland, where 66,000 jobs evaporated. Those losses drove the province's unemployment rate to 7.1 per cent, up from 6.5 per cent the month before.
Article Continued Below
And this likely won't be the end of gloomy unemployment reports. With Canada's economy poised to contract, said CIBC World Markets economist Krishen Rangasamy, "things will certainly get worse before they get better." He sees the unemployment rate "creeping up steadily toward 7 per cent," with another 100,000 job losses expected over the next few months. Manufacturing was hit particularly hard in November, with net job losses of 38,000. The sector has seen employment decline by 388,000 positions since a peak in 2002, Statistics Canada said. In Ontario, where barely a day goes by without manufacturers announcing layoffs or plant closures, manufacturing job losses were even steeper, totalling 42,000 last month. That number is poised to rise after recent layoff announcements take effect, including 850 job cuts at two Magna auto-parts plants in the GTA, and 700 temporary layoffs announced yesterday at General Motors in Oshawa.
The dismal Ontario jobs picture "really is consistent with our thinking that Ontario is the epicentre of the impact of the U.S. slowdown in Canada," said Glen Hodgson, chief economist at the Conference Board of Canada. Other sectors that are particularly vulnerable to U.S. fortunes, including transportation and warehousing, also showed substantial job losses, Gregory said. But the situation is even worse in the United States, which recorded 533,000 net job losses in November, the largest one-month decline since 1974. That pushed the U.S. unemployment rate up from 6.5 per cent to 6.7 per cent. The Bank of Canada is expected to drop its key interest rate by half a percentage point to 1.75 per cent Tuesday as the outlook for Canada's economy continues to weaken.
Article Continued Below
The feeble Canadian employment numbers prompted more calls for a government stimulus package, which likely will have to wait until the federal budget, which is slated for Jan. 27. Governor General Michaëlle Jean agreed to prorogue Parliament at the request of the Conservative government. "We needed a massive stimulus package two months ago, not two months from now," said Jim Stanford, an economist with the Canadian Auto Workers union. "It's absolutely jaw-dropping that Parliament has been closed down ... when we should be moving dramatically to try to stop this crisis from getting worse." At Queen's Park, opposition parties said the huge jump in Ontario's unemployment rate is proof that Premier Dalton McGuinty's efforts to fight the economic downturn and retrain workers are a failure. "Everyone could see this coming. Everyone knew this situation was going to get worse and worse," NDP Leader Howard Hampton said. Economic Development Minister Michael Bryant acknowledged the jobless numbers were "brutal" but said Ontario's effort at boosting the economy is "not intended to, nor can it, address the global economic crisis." Hodgson said job losses in Canada probably won't last as long as in the U.S. due to widely expected stimulus packages in both countries. But, he said, "even with a big Obama package in the United States, the U.S. economy is going to have a really, really tough 2009. And if you're sitting in Ontario, that translates into weak sales for whatever you do." With files from Rob Ferguson and the Star's wire services
Every Alabama football player is required to have his ankles taped or braced for every practice or game. That means every player comes to see Jeff Allen and his staff before every practice and every game.
He'll tape about 15 players a day before practice and more on game days. That works out to about two hours of work every day. Some may consider it one of the more ponderous tasks of his profession. Allen doesn't.
“It matters,” Allen said. “It's not just a menial task. It matters.”
The way Allen – Alabama's associate athletics director for sports medicine – sees it, about a quarter of the injuries he and the medical staff deal with are ankle injuries. That's why every player is required to be taped or braced, every day.
“If we don't tape them and don't do a good job of it, I guarantee you, our injuries are going to shoot up,” he said. “When I'm taping them, I'm like, ‘OK, I'm protecting this guy so that he can stay on the field.' I'm not just throwing some tape on him. I'm doing it the right way, doing it the way that's going to work biomechanically and physiologically so that we keep this guy on the field.”
So players begin putting their name on a list to be taped, and the process starts around noon. It goes until meetings at 2 o'clock on a normal practice day.
But there's also more to it than biomechanics and ankle support. Those two hours every day are the time for Allen and the athletic trainers to build bonds with players.
“The guys that I tape every day, definitely it's a great way to sit there and talk to them, just like a barber does when you sit there in a chair,” Allen said. “We certainly use that as an opportunity to build those relationships.”
Trust is key in the relationship between players and athletic trainers. The medical staff, by nature, will spend the most time with players who are injured. They're the ones running on the field when a player stays down after a tackle.
The relationships have to start before then. Most athletes arrive at Alabama with no experience of working with a professional medical staff on a day-to-day basis. Allen and the medical staff have to build that trust before injuries strike. The alternative can be corrosive to a team's culture.
“The main thing, and I've seen it happen where the athletic trainers, the players, and the coaches aren't on the same page and there's some controversy or lack of trust,” said Dr. Lyle Cain, an orthopedic surgeon with Andrews Sports Medicine. “What you see typically is unhappy players, number one. Because the players don't trust the treatment that they're getting. That's a disaster. If the players feel like the athletic trainers are too much on the coaches' side, or the doctors are too much on the coaches' side or the team side, I think you totally lose trust in the system. They don't get well as quickly. They don't follow through on their plans for rehab, and it makes a difficult situation medically to deal with any kind of injury because the player really doesn't trust what you're telling them.”
Players may arrive with the idea that the medical staff are the ones who keep them from returning to the field. Allen, along with the team doctors and athletic trainers, are the ones who make that decision. But there's also far more than that.
Allen and his staff are with players when they receive bad news. They're the ones who translate medical diagnoses into a language that players and their families can understand. They have to communicate with the coaches and the strength and conditioning staff about what players can and cannot do.
Then they're with players through their rehab. They communicate with doctors, specialists, families and players to keep them on track. Taping ankles is just the beginning. Allen and his team are known as one of the best in every area. They even play a role in recruiting.
“I've been at Alabama almost 30 years and worked with some excellent athletic trainers, but Jeff's overall package is just so unbelievable,” said Dr. Jimmy Robinson, Alabama's team physician.
It starts with those relationships. It's built over time, on the training table before practice or in the rehab room. Robinson said the medical staff gathers before games to say a prayer that there won't be any injuries.
“He loves on them, to be honest with you,” Robinson said. “He gives them a hug and puts his arm around them and talks to them.”
The medical team is more than just Allen, and more than just the athletic trainers. Robinson and the team physicians play a big role. Andrews Sports Medicine is one of the premier practices of its type anywhere, and it happens to be just down the road.
But Allen is the one who oversees it all as the head athletic trainer for the football team.
“I've told my other doctors that I work with and the other people around that I think there are several people important to the University of Alabama program,” Cain said. “Obviously Coach (Nick) Saban is at the top of the list. But I think Jeff Allen is probably in the top two or three. There is no coach, administrator, doctor or anybody else in the program that's as important in terms of what happens through the season, what happens in the offseason, what happens with the players from a perception and happiness standpoint as Jeff Allen.”
Allen and the medical staff have been especially vital to Alabama this season. The Crimson Tide watched four of its top linebackers go down to injury in the season opener against Florida State. Outside linebacker Anfernee Jennings had surgery for an ankle injury and missed just two games. Inside linebacker Rashaan Evans made a return from a groin injury against Vanderbilt, three weeks after he was hurt.
Outside linebackers Christian Miller (biceps) and Terrell Lewis (elbow) were also hurt in the opener and expected to miss the rest of the season. Inside linebacker Mack Wilson (foot) was injured in the LSU game, but missed just one game and played in the Iron Bowl.
“I don't know that we've had more (injuries this season),” Allen said. “We've had more to one position. That's the problem. Usually they're spread out among the whole team and you can kind of absorb them. When you have that many to one position, that's really hard to manage.”
Even when Miller and Lewis were declared out for the season, Allen and his team went to work and tried to find new ways to help players return to the field sooner.
“We modify different braces or create braces or make braces that prevent that structure from being reinjured. Like the elbow braces that Christian Miller and Terrell Lewis are wearing,” Robinson said. “Mack has a special orthotic in his shoe that's custom-made for him that protects that bone from having too much stress on it. Things like that are invaluable.”
If Alabama can win a championship with those linebackers back on the field, it won't be the first time Allen and the medical staff have helped put the Crimson Tide over the top.
They also had a key role in the 2015 championship. Senior running back Kenyan Drake broke his arm against Mississippi State on Nov. 14 of that year.
Before Drake had even left the field, he and Allen were talking about his timetable to return. Drake declared that night that he'd be back for the SEC championship game – and he was.
“I don't think there's any question that between him and Dr. Cain, they're able to get these athletes back faster but also safer than most programs,” Robinson said.
Cain operated on Drake as soon as possible. Allen had a carbon fiber brace 3D-printed with the help of Alabama's engineering department for Drake to wear. He had a machine that he wore on his arm while sleeping to help his treatment. He was in the training room to rehab whenever he could be.
Drake caught a pass on Alabama's first play from scrimmage in the SEC title game. He swung to the left side, moving the ball into his healthy arm. He used his right arm – broken less than a month before – to stiff-arm a defender. He didn't even realize it until he was back on the sideline and Allen asked him how it felt.
“They did all they could to help me get back, working with the engineering program, getting a carbon fiber copy of my arm and putting the whole cast around it,” Drake said. “It was a real team effort and I appreciate everything they did for me.”
The real dividend came a month later in Phoenix. Drake returned a kickoff 95 yards for a touchdown against Clemson in the fourth quarter of the national championship game.
“It would have been really easy with Kenyan to put him in a cast and say, ‘Hey, good luck to you. You'll get better in 8-10 weeks and you can start trying to come back.' That cast probably would have cost $15,” Allen said. “Dr. Cain took him the next day and did a very aggressive procedure, put a plate over the fractured forearm, we put him on a bone stimulator, started doing aggressive rehab. Stuff that's incredibly expensive, but I think the return on the investment was pretty good.
“If we don't have him in that national championship game, I don't know if we win it. I really don't. I don't know if we win the game.”
Allen has a mural in his office of Drake diving across the goal line on that play. He's holding the ball in his right arm: the arm that was broken.
That comeback was made possible not just by the aggressive treatment, dedicated rehab and top-of-the-line medical care. It also happened thanks to the relationship Drake had with the athletic training staff.
He'd dealt with a major injury the year before when he broke an ankle and was out for the season. Allen and the medical team helped him come back from that. He knew he could trust them.
“Obviously, when you're hurt, it's a way deeper relationship than just getting your ankles taped,” Drake said. “It wasn't strange when I had to go through the rehab because you're already familiar.”
As much as anything else, that's what sets Alabama's medical staff apart.
“I think in a lot of places, he would not have been on the field,” Cain said. “But I think he was (able to return) primarily because of his confidence in the athletic training staff and the rehab and the process that he had already experienced. His mentality was totally different than it would be at most places.”
After the game, there was a moment when Drake, Allen and Cain embraced. Allen said it was the “most special moment” he's experienced in college athletics. The relationship remains, even after Drake's college career ended that night.
“When I go to campus, one of the first stops I make is the training room,” Drake said.
He's not the only one. Washington Redskins defensive end Jonathan Allen stopped by earlier this season after an injury likely ended his rookie year. The offseason sees “a flood” of former players coming in and out: Eddie Lacy, Eddie Jackson, AJ McCarron, Dre Kirkpatrick, Dont'a Hightower and C.J. Mosley were just a few who came through.
Cain said that many former Alabama players who have gone on to the NFL will call Allen for advice when they're injured. They trust that he'll have their best interest in mind.
“They want to keep players on the field,” Drake said. “That's what they do. That's what they do best. I don't think anybody else in college football or anybody in the world does a better job than Alabama.”
Jeff Allen's concern for players is also on display with the sideline medical tent the Crimson Tide has used since the 2015 season. Allen developed the tent with a pair of Alabama engineering students, and the concept spread around the country. The tent sells for $5,000.
The tent gives the athletic trainers and doctors a modicum of privacy on the sideline to examine players. If there's bad news, the players can hear about it without the world knowing.
“We've had games with a camera right over top of us,” Allen said. “It's crazy. It's very hard to get a good evaluation. It's obviously very taxing on the kid. We did it with the idea of privacy in mind and knowing it would help from a privacy standpoint. What I didn't really fully appreciate until now, is how much more relaxed we all are in there. Thus, the evaluation is better. I feel like we're getting a much better medical evaluation simply because we take away all the distractions that are so prominent on a sideline.”
It was a simple fix to a problem that had existed for years for men and women in Allen's position. He just happened to be the first one to think of it.
That's what Allen has always been after: an innovative solution. It puts the players first. It improves medical care.
Earlier this year, Allen was walking into Alabama's practice when someone asked how sales of his new invention were doing.
“Still taping ankles,” he said, smiling.
Then he walked into practice.
Reach Ben Jones at ben@tidesports.com or 205-722-0196.
Click here to read about how Allen helps Alabama's recruiting efforts and Nick Saban's thoughts on the medical team.
B I N G O Never use stardust below level 39 More candy for evolved Pokémon I'm not playing again until... Lucky Eggs will be OP if... Eggs didn't track my exact distance Rural players Niantic pls 12CP Dragonite Three step tracker Pokémon related items on my Etsy store I care about IVs and here's why DAE trying to complete Pokedex? What happened to 10k eggs? I'm a passenger! (FREE) I cheated and now I want a refund Remove evolve animations Pidgey, Rattata Weedle I get 50k walking credit sitting at my desk I didn't cheat and now I want a refund Gym battling broken Let us trade with our friends Where can I find a Ditto spawn Who cares about IVs?! XP for medals or lures or walking or... GPS spoofers are ruining my small town Sort by evolvable Pokémon
Engauge is designed around tight controls and platforming.
The mechanics consist of running, jumping, wall-jumping, defending and using primary and secondary abilities.
Primary and secondary abilities are determined by items known as cores. Cores can be equipped and swapped out to create unique playstyles.
Currently, there are seven cores planned for Engauge.
Besides cores, Engauge also features:
Here's a more in-depth look at some of Engauge's core mechanics!
At Toastie Republic, we want to bring Engauge to life with hand-drawn backgrounds, fluid animations and enemy variety.
Evolution of Engauge
Over the past few months, Engauge's art has changed dramatically.
The main character alone has undergone more than four redesigns to ensure he provides the best smashing-and-bashing experience for players.
Along with the main character, Engauge is still evolving, as we work every day to improve its quality.
Evolution of X1S
Starting with an idea, we create concept art and go on to craft in-game assets.
All enemies emerge from a single goal: to design lean, intelligent enemies that keep players on their toes.
We have been developing Enguage out of pocket because we believe it is a worthwhile project.
We want to create a truly high-quality game with professional art and sound, so we need the help of the community.
To see how we will use the funds, refer to the graph below:
Notice that not a dollar goes towards programming. That's because we're holding our programmer, Ian, hostage! Long live the Republic!
What rewards can our Kickstarter friends expect? Take a look below to find out!
$10 Tier: DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
Get a fully operational digital copy of Engauge for the PC!
Note: Compatible with Windows, Mac, and Linux operating systems.
$15 Tier: DIGITAL STARTER PACK
Desktop Wallpapers
Not representative of actual wallpapers
Enjoy a robust selection of Desktop Wallpapers! Never again will your friends make fun of your boring, sloth-themed desktop wallpapers!
Forum Title
Become a Knight of the Toastie Republic!
Boast to your friends about your new title! This forum title will display proudly under your username in any forum post or reply. It will also look great on your resume!
Note: This reward grants a title on the public forum
$25 Tier: OFFICIAL SOUNDTRACK
Smooth Grooves!
Enjoy the buoyant, bouncing beats of mix-master Lawrence!
Groove with your neighbors! Groove with your friends! Groove with your imaginary friends!
Note: Full Original Soundtrack available digitally.
$35 Tier: DIGITAL DELUXE
Digital Artbook
Browse through concept art, area mock-ups, early designs, and developer commentary.
The digital artbook is chock-full of secrets. Developer secrets. Personal secrets. Government secrets. You get the picture.
$50 Tier: DEVELOPER COMMENTARY
FEATURING IN-GAME HELPERS!
Receive a unique digital copy of Engauge that features H3x, an in-game helper!
H3x will provide helpful hints and developer insight!
$75 Tier: ENGAUGE T-SHIRT
Choose a T-shirt from two different designs.
Your choice of T-shirt design and size will be asked through email following the Kickstarter campaign.
Wear it. Love it. Make love to it. We won't judge you.
$100 Tier: ENGAUGE POSTER
Sample Poster
Get your ultra stylish Kickstarter Poster!
Nothing appeals to a collector's spirit more than owning an item that is no longer being produced. Hang this work of art somewhere safe. Preferably a vault. Or your refrigerator.
$125 Tier: PHYSICAL COPY OF ENGAUGE
It's actual. It's real. It's the physical copy of Engauge!
Your CD copy will be neatly packaged and shipped to you with a heartfelt, handwritten note of thanks.
Note: Each CD copy is laser-printed with beautiful art!
$150 Tier: SOFTCOVER ART HANDBOOK
Enjoy the sensuous physicality of your very own softcover artbook.
Flip through pages of concept art and character designs in the Official Engauge Artbook!
Much cooler than the Unofficial Artbook!
$250 Tier: THE BIG BUNDLE
Receive a t-shirt, a poster and a physical copy of the game!
The big bundle includes all the physical rewards your heart could desire.
$350 Tier: BECOME AN NPC
Design NPC Dialogue or Backstory Choose from a variety of NPC templates to begin designing your NPC and create a character that is distinctly yours. Your NPC may have a quirky personality, strange habits, or even a tragic backstory! Note: Creative input not limited to dialogue.
$500 Tier: MECHANICAL MONSTER PLUSHY
Plushies are the protectors of the toy world. They keep you safe at night and are exceptionally cuddly!
Rest easy knowing plushie-Jasper is watching! Always watching.
Plushie-Jasper does not work for the NSA. Promise.
$600 Tier: SHRINE OF HEROES
Become immortalized in-game!
An especially-designed area will be dedicated to you or a character of your design!
Special heroes deserve a special place. Statues shall be erected in your honor! Tales will be told of your greatness!
$750 Tier: DESIGN A SECRET
Collaborate with us to design a secret!
The secret can be an event, item or character (or a combination of these elements).
Stage a rematch with a disgruntled mini-boss, design a gizmo or add a unique character to the game.
$3000 Tier: DESIGN A CORE
Collaborate with us to design a core!
A core consists of two key mechanics, like attacks, for Engauge's main protagonist.
Design old-fashioned, elemental-themed mechanics or newfangled, techno-themed mechanics. It's up to you!
$10000 Tier: DESIGN A BOSS
Collaborate with us to design a deadly boss!
We want each reward to be meaningful. Through Kickstarter, we have the opportunity to bring our ideas to life and this means more to us than we can express through text.
To express our gratitude, we'd like to extend this same opportunity to one potential backer. Design a boss, and we'll do our best to bring your ideas to life.
Boss life insurance not included
The Team
Jason Khan - Supreme Butter Lord
As chief grunt of ToastieRepublic Jason spends his days hunting bugs, concepting for the game and doing just about everything else Ian doesn't want to do. Don't be fooled by Jason's vague job description, he pours his heart (and life savings) into Engauge to make it the best possible game he can.
Ian McCleary - Grand Toastie Wizard
A programming wizard of the highest calibre, Ian finds himself sadly inept at just about every other task. Much to Jason's dismay, Ian holds an intense hatred for sloppy code and will stop at nothing to make code both functional and elegant. A frequent Kickstarter backer, it was Ian who suggested taking Engauge to Kickstarter.
Sergio Legorreta - Grand Toastie Adviser
A frequent contributor to the Toastie Republic, Sergio hopped on board to help us accomplish menial writing tasks. While he may be lowly paid, he's well liked and is great at writing.
Ethan Karnopp - Toastie Lance Knight
A very talented artist, Ethan managed to produce almost all the character assets seen in the Engage today. At the moment, Ethan works as a free-lance artist and has apparently received positive feedback from everybody on the planet.
Lawrence Steele - Toastie Lance Knight
Handling music is mix-master Lawrence. A multi-talented man of Steele, Lawrence functions as a Composer/Music Producer/Sound Designer for his own studio, Satsuma Audio. Check him out at http://satsu.ma/.
PANAJI: Goa is likely to become the first state in India to go cashless from December 31, as people will be able to buy perishables such as fish, meat, vegetables or anything else at the press of a button on their mobile.There will be no need to carry your purse for purchases and the profession of pickpocketers may become extinct soon, as all transactions will be done on the mobile. “The money on purchases will be debited to the person's bank account,” chief secretary R K Srivastava told STOI.One has to dial *99# from their mobile phone, not necessarily a smart phone, and follow the instructions to complete the transcation. This system is being introduced to transfer money to small vendors who do not have swipe machines. Swiping of ATM and credit cards at shops and establishments will also continue.A drive to create awareness on how to operate the cashless transaction for vendors and small shops and the public will commence on Monday at Mapusa and Panaji, in Goa.While cash transactions are not being banned, the move is to encourage a cashless society. Also, there will be no minimum limit on the cashless transfer of money. Chief minister Laxmikant Parsekar said no fees will be charged for any of these transactions over the mobile.Defence minister Manohar Parrikar on Saturday held a meeting with government officials and all the major nationalized and private banks. During the meeting, Parrikar discussed the modalities to implement the cashless scheme in the state.Parrikar said at the Vijay Sankalp Rally at Sankhali on Friday that PM Narendra Modi had a dream about a cashless society and “they told me that Goa can become the first state to go cashless”.“One thing we decided is that whenever India becomes a cashless society, Goa will become the first. We have to support the prime minister's dream,” Parrikar added saying that your mobile can become your bank and one can do anything once he/she has registered her/his mobile number with the bank under the central government unified payment interference ( UPI ).Srivastava said that Goa has an added advantage to be become the first cashless society because it is a small state with about 15 lakh population and 17 lakh mobile phone connections. “We have 22 lakh bank accounts, which means that one person has more than one account,” he said. Most of the people in Goa use debit or credit cards while purchasing and hence it will not be a problem to go cashless, he added.He also said that from Monday, people will be educated on the cashless transaction and the exact plan would be finalized on Sunday. Explaining how it works, Srivastava said that every vendor who registers with the bank would be given an MMID code.Once a person purchases fish, vegetable etc. the customer just needs to dial the designated number (*99#) and punch in details of her/his account and the amount the customer needs to transfer to the vendor and then the customer has to enter the MI code of the vendor to transfer the funds. Within no time, the money would be transferred from the customer's account to the vendor's account.“Everybody should have an account, card and the account should have money,” Srivastava said.
The Trump administration this week elevated the US Cyber Command to a Unified Combatant Command, in a long-awaited move that underscores the growing importance of cyber warfare.
The decision, announced Friday, puts the Cyber Command on par with nine other combat commands, and may lead to its separation from the National Security Agency (NSA). In a statement, President Trump said that Secretary of Defense James Mattis will examine the possibility of separating the Cyber Command and the NSA, and that he will announce recommendations “at a later date.”
“This new Unified Combatant Command will strengthen our cyberspace operations and create more opportunities to improve our Nation's defense,” Trump said in the statement. “The elevation of the United States Cyber Command demonstrates our increased resolve against cyberspace threats and will help reassure our allies and partners and deter our adversaries.”
Trump says the move will “streamline command and control of time-sensitive cyberspace operations.”
Trump also said that the move will “streamline command and control of time-sensitive cyberspace operations,” and that it will “ensure that critical cyberspace operations are adequately funded.”
Proposals for creating an independent Cyber Command were first made under the Obama administration, with supporters arguing that the unit's mandate was sometimes at odds with the NSA's intelligence gathering operations — particularly with regard to the fight against ISIS.
Cyber Command was created as a sub-unit of the US Strategic Command, with a mandate to conduct cyber warfare and defend government networks. Navy Admiral Michael Rogers currently leads both Cyber Command and the NSA.
Egypt's High Administrative Court ordered on Saturday the dissolution of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party and the liquification of its assets.
Its parent organisation, the Muslim Brotherhood, was ordered to be dissolved last October in a similar ruling, and declared a terrorist group by the cabinet last December.
Since the ouster of the Muslim Brotherhood's Mohamed Morsi in July 2013, his group and loyalists have faced a state crackdown. Thousands are currently in prison and hundreds have been killed in clashes with security. State authorities accuse the group of waging militant attacks across the country.
In the parliamentary elections of 2011-2, the first after the revolution against Hosni Mubarak, the recently founded Freedom and Justice Party won the largest number of seats, at 47 percent.
Short link:
Ben Cooper is more than just a musician: he's a storyteller, and a good one at that. Cooper, who previously was one-half of Electric President, brings his voice to the table as Radical Face and has now completed the second installation of his musical trilogy, The Family Tree.
The Family Tree centers around Cooper's fascination with history, genealogy and fictional events. Although the story of the Northcotes is more mythology than history, Cooper has taken elements from people in his life to create this musical story.
“A lot of the songs have some small relation to me or people I know,” said Cooper. “'The Mute' was partially inspired by my nephew, who has autism and doesn't speak. ‘The Crooked Kind' is about a kid who's embarrassed of his family for being odd. I went through a phase of that, being one of 10 kids in a mixed-race family in the south, and wishing my life was something more normal. ‘Summer Snow' was directly inspired by the one time in my life that it snowed in Florida, back in 1989. So yeah, lots of little references all throughout, though none are ever directly about me.”
Before becoming a storytelling musician, the Jacksonville, Fla. native was focused on becoming a professional skateboarder. An injury stopped that dream, but started another one. Since then, Cooper's thoughtful lyrics (“Welcome Home, Son” and “Wrapped In Piano Strings”) have brought his penchant for indie-folk music to the surface. It seems like Cooper really found his home, especially with lyrical storytelling, something he will continue to take a unique approach with throughout the trilogy.
“Each record is approaching storytelling from a different angle,” said Cooper. “The first album was written with verbal storytelling in mind. This current album was written around the idea of letters, either as diary entries or correspondence between two people. The final one will be as snapshots, with photos and videos and visual storytelling in mind.”
The Branches are set for release on Oct. 22. Stream it in its entirety in the player below.
According the OC Register, the Los Angeles County district attorney has decided not to charge suspended USC cornerback Josh Shaw in connection to the incident that preceded Shaw injuring his ankles by jumping off a third story balcony.
Shaw had been under investigation after getting into an argument with his girlfriend, then fleeing the scene by jumping from a balcony. However, a document from the DA's office obtained by the Register on Monday states that "there is insufficient evidence to prove that Mr. Shaw assaulted the victim in any manner."
The redshirt senior and his girlfriend both denied there being any physical or sexual assault that took place at The Orsini apartment complex. The document the OC Register obtained says there was "a heated argument," a lamp thrown by the girlfriend and then two 911 calls from neighbors while both Shaw and his girlfriend went their separate ways to calm down.
When police arrived on the scene, Shaw dangled from the balcony and jumped down. He told the Los Angeles Times last week that he was wearing sandals and felt shooting pain in both ankles when he hit the ground.
That started the whole Josh Shaw saga that included a fabricated superhero story of saving his nephew from drowning, lying to USC officials and eventual recanting after holes in the story were discovered. Shaw was suspended indefinitely.
In his interview last week, Shaw said USC head coach Steve Sarkisian was willing to welcome him back after the Boston College game, but Shaw has remained suspended. It is widely believed that USC wasn't willing to make any decisions while Shaw was under investigation.
Could this lead to Shaw returning before the end of the season? Last week, the OC Register reported that USC officials planned to conduct their own investigation following the conclusion of any police investigation and the newspaper suggested that Shaw would not return to play for the Trojans this season.
USC Athletic Director Pat Haden confirmed that the school planned to investigate the matter itself if Shaw was cleared by police. Steve Sarkisian has said previously that the matter "hasn't reached my desk yet."
Josh Shaw was not at Monday's closed practice. It is uncertain when he could be back with the team, if at all this season.
Federal prosecutors have dismissed securities fraud charges against the New York financier Benjamin Wey after a judge tossed out much of the evidence against him in June.
The request to dismiss the indictment against Mr. Wey was made in a brief court filing on Tuesday afternoon. Soon after the request was made, Judge Alison J. Nathan of the Federal District Court in Manhattan signed the order
Prosecutors sought the dismissal just a few months before Mr. Wey was scheduled to go on trial on charges that he orchestrated a stock-manipulation scheme that generated tens of millions in illegal profits.
The move to dismiss was not surprising after Judge Nathan, in an earlier 92-page ruling, had found that federal law enforcement officials had botched a daylong search of Mr. Wey's office and home in Lower Manhattan by indiscriminately seizing items under a poorly drafted search warrant. The judge ruled that none of the documents, email messages, business receipts, computer hard drives and other records gathered by the F.B.I. in those searches could be used against Mr. Wey at his trial.
The City of Los Angeles wants to build a soccer stadium, and subsequently wants to land a Major League Soccer franchise to inhabit its new downtown digs. At least, that's the inference being taken from a recent community draft report seeking to elevate the city's collegiate and professional sports profile and bring tourism dollars downtown.
The report states that Los Angeles Convention Center officials will assume a "leadership role in working with the Mayor and City Council to identify a [soccer] team, a potential site and a viable business plan prior to the end of calendar year 2013."
The director from which the report originated went on to say that city officials are working diligently to bring a professional soccer team and a new stadium to downtown LA, according to the story linked above on DailyBreeze.com. The desired soccer stadium would also not be reliant upon the ever-elusive Famers Field stadium project – designed to bring the NFL back to Tinseltown – falling through. In fact, they'd both exist in downtown Los Angeles.
So, here's the (many, many) million-dollar question: Who's the team to call a stadium in downtown LA "home"?
The LA Galaxy are more than entrenched as tenants of the newly dubbed StubHub Center in Carson, 16 miles south of downtown, and don't seem likely to move anytime in the foreseeable future.
A third MLS team in LA seems extremely unlikely at this point, given that New York just received a second, Orlando City SC continue to make the push to jump from USL PRO to MLS and rumors of David Beckham purchasing a Miami franchise seem to be creeping slowly toward "that's more than a rumor" territory.
Which, of course, leaves one potential downtown target for the City of Los Angeles: Chivas USA, currently sharing the StubHub Center with the Galaxy. They've lived in the Galaxy's considerable shadow for their entire existence, and have long talked of the need for a home of their own.
A move to central LA seems to check every single box for the Goats. New home, new location, but still close enough to keep their current fanbase turning out.
As with all stadium projects, though, don't expect it to get done overnight.
What do you think? A downtown LA stadium? If it happens, it's for Chivas USA and no on else, right? How far would this go toward pulling Chivas out of their current funk?
Pedro Dias Vicente, a senior XDA member, posted news on the Ubuntu Touch mailing list informing developers and users alike about his attempt of porting Canonical's mobile operating system to the Sony Xperia Z Ultra smartphone.
Those of you interested in installing the Ubuntu Touch OS (also known as Ubuntu for Phones) on the Sony Xperia Z Ultra device are invited to visit the port's XDA forum page, where they can find the latest images of Ubuntu Touch 15.04 (Vivid Velvet) which they can flash on their smartphones using the instructions provided by the developer.
"I got the Ubuntu touch working through the adb root then adb shell," says Pedro Dias Vicente. "I will release the new images for Sony Z Ultra fastboot mode very soon. I will update the device folder to do the upper code for compliant and howto fix dtb boot.img fastboot. Please reply the issues even the working stuff here on this topic."
Sony Z Ultra is an Android-powered phone that was released sometime in June 2013, boasting a huge 6.4-inch screen with a FullHD 1080x1920 resolution, a Quad-core 2.2 GHz Krait 400 processor, an Adreno 330 GPU, an 8MP rear camera, a 2MP front camera, and a non-removable Li-Ion 3050 mAh battery.
By default, the smartphone comes with Android 4.2 (Jelly Bean) mobile operating system, which has been highly customized by Sony. Of course, users can upgrade the OS to Android 5.1 (Lollipop), one of the latest stable and most advanced versions of Google's mobile OS.
Israel also worries that the ongoing campaign against the Islamic State will come at the expense of the critical struggle against Iran's nuclear program.
Fighting the Islamic State is vital and Israel unequivocally supports the global effort to prevent the formation of a new Islamic caliphate in the Middle East. But even more important is the imperative to preclude the already existing Islamic Republic of Iran — with its infamous track record of sponsoring terrorist groups, abusing human rights, calling for Israel's destruction, and lying unabashedly for almost 20 years about its nuclear program — from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.
Many experts argue that because a deal with Iran would necessarily include some restrictions on the Iranian nuclear project, an imperfect agreement is better than no agreement. They are wrong.
That's because Iran has already made considerable progress in its attempt to advance toward nuclear weapons. An agreement that allows Iran to continue circling in a holding pattern will resemble what happened with North Korea after the 2007 agreement left large parts of Pyongyang's nuclear capabilities intact, which enabled the North Koreans to produce several nuclear weapons in the following years. Under such conditions, nothing will stop Iran's mullahs from landing, sooner or later, at their ultimate destination.
Second, a flawed deal would hand Iran practical advantages in return for almost nothing. In return for an insignificant and temporary reduction of its enrichment capacities, Iran stands to reap $100 billion per year when the sanctions are lifted; gain formal legitimacy for its uranium enrichment activities; and, despite its history of nuclear fraud and concealment, preserve the capability to produce nuclear weapons at a time it deems appropriate. Three factors will determine the breakout time needed for Iran to produce nuclear weapons: the quantity and quality of its remaining operational centrifuges; the amount of 3.5 percent enriched uranium that it is permitted to stockpile; and the final destiny of its remaining centrifuges and their infrastructure. The international community must have full and complete clarity on these fundamental issues.
Yahoo is poised to confirm a massive data breach of its service, according to several sources close to the situation. The company was the victim of hacking that has exposed several hundred million user accounts.
While sources were unspecific about the extent of the incursion, since there is the likelihood of government investigations and legal action related to the breach, they noted that it is widespread and serious.
Earlier this summer, Yahoo said it was investigating a data breach in which hackers claimed to have access to 200 million user accounts and one was selling them online. “It's as bad as that,” said one source. “Worse, really.”
The announcement, which is expected to come this week, also has possible larger implications for the $4.8 billion sale of Yahoo's core business — which is at the core of this hack — to Verizon. The scale of the liability could bring untold headaches to the new owners. Shareholders are likely to worry that it could lead to an adjustment in the price of the transaction.
That deal is now moving to completion, but the companies cannot be integrated until it is approved by a number of regulatory agencies, as well as Yahoo shareholders. Representatives of Verizon and Yahoo started meeting recently to review the Yahoo business, so that the acquisition would run smoothly once complete.
But there's nothing smooth about this hack, said sources, which became known in August when an infamous cybercriminal named “Peace” claimed on a website that he was selling credentials of 200 million Yahoo users from 2012 on the dark web for just over $1,800. The data allegedly included user names, easily decrypted passwords and personal information like birth dates and other email addresses.
At the time, Yahoo said it was “aware of the claim,” but the company declined to say if it was legitimate and said that it was investigating the information. But it did not issue a call for a password reset to users. Now, said sources, Yahoo might have to, although it will be a case of too little, too late.
The confirmation of such an extensive hack is another blemish on the record of CEO Marissa Mayer, a vaunted former Google exec who has presided over numerous declines in the business since she arrived four years ago. Her inability to turn Yahoo around or innovate any new products eventually led to the sale.
I reached out to Yahoo for comment and will update this post if I get a response (don't wait up late for that!).
Police in Cologne have banned the far-right National Democratic Party (NPD) from holding a demonstration at the Cologne cathedral square on New Year's Eve over safety concerns.
The far-right party had intended to hold a demonstration at the scene of the mass sex attacks which occurred on New Year's Eve of last year. The party had made a formal request via a private individual to hold the demonstration, but police expressed doubts that the safety of the participants or of the public could be maintained, Der Spiegel reports.
Police gave a statement on the matter saying that holding the event could lead to “serious threats to public security, which can not be countered.” The NPD still reserve the right to protest the ban through an administrative process, but it is unknown if the ban could be overturned by New Year's Eve on Saturday.
Despite the ban on the demonstration, the Cologne branch of the NPD still advertises the New Year's Eve protest on their Facebook page. The event, entitled “Rally: Because an arm's length distance is no longer sufficient,” is a clear attack on controversial Cologne mayor Henriette Reker who told women to defend themselves against migrant attackers by “keeping them at arm's length.”
Even if the event were not banned, the turnout would likely be low as the Facebook event page shows only 42 people going and a further 193 interested in the event.
The NPD have been accused of breaching the German constitution for over a decade and authorities have tried to ban the far-right party for years. Earlier this year German constitutional judges heard the case which accused the NPD of fostering a “climate of fear” and said the party is a threat to German democracy. The court ruling is expected to be made public January 17th.
The timing of the demonstration was not set to take place during the day, but roughly around the same hours as when last year's sex attacks took place from 10pm at night to 4am Sunday morning.
Many left-wing activists have accused the party of trying to exploit the sex attacks to gain votes in the North Rhine-Westphalia region where in the last regional elections in 2012 they polled below two per cent of the vote winning no seats.
The security situation in the Cologne cathedral square is set to drastically increase since last year when police were unable to handle the hundreds of migrants who attacked women with fireworks, robbed them, and sexually assaulted hundreds. Authorities have promised that the cathedral square will have checkpoints to confirm the identities of those attending, a massive police presence, and they may even employ helicopters to maintain order.
You may know that the UK's GCHQ intelligence agency pokes its nose into people's internet service accounts, but it's now clear that the spy outfit is mapping the internet connections of whole nations, too. Heise has obtained documents showing that a GCHQ system, Hacienda, can scan every internet address in a given country to see both the connection types in use (such as web servers) as well as any associated apps. The scanning platform is looking for relevant targets and any exploitable security holes; if a target is running software with known vulnerabilities, it's relatively easy for agents to break in and either swipe data or set up malicious websites that trick suspects into compromising their PCs. Poring over this much data would normally be time-consuming, but there's a companion system (Olympia) that makes it easy to find useful information within minutes.
The European parliament voted on Wednesday to require member states to meet binding national targets on renewable energy, energy efficiency and greenhouse gas emissions.
In a decisive vote, 341 to 263 MEPs called for three binding targets for 2030: a 40% cut in greenhouse gases, compared with 1990 levels; at least 30% of energy to come from renewable sources; and a 40% improvement in energy efficiency.
This was stronger than the proposal from the European commission last month, that called for 27% of energy to come from renewable sources by the same date. Under the commission's plan, there was no target for energy efficiency, and – crucially – the UK was successful in ensuring that the renewables target would be binding only at the bloc level.
That would mean that individual member states need not have their own national target, as there is now for 2020. The UK government is strongly against having a national renewable energy target, arguing that a greenhouse gas reduction target is sufficient.
But the MEPs voted to require binding national renewable energy targets, though by a slightly slimmer margin at 347 to 308. That vote will be taken into account when member states meet again on the subject in March. However, if member states prefer to stick to the settlement made last month, without binding national targets, the parliament has no power to reverse that.
Ed Davey, secretary of state for energy and climate change said: "The right 2030 package will unlock low carbon investment, while keeping consumers' energy bills down. The vote in the European Parliament is one stage in the process and we are pleased that MEPs have come out in favour of an ambitious climate package for 2030.
"I am leading the argument for the right package through the Green Growth Group, which fifteen countries are now part of. Over the last two days I have been talking to my colleagues in Berlin and in Paris to ensure we can get agreement to a progressive plan that will reduce emissions without unnecessary costs."
Connie Hedegaard, the EU's climate commissioner, said the vote was a "good result" and she hoped European governments would "listen" to it. Green campaigners and renewable energy companies welcomed the vote, saying it showed that the 2030 proposals should be strengthened.
Stephane Bourgeois, of the European Wind Energy Association (EWEA), which represents the industry, said: "The European parliament has again shown it is the most forward-thinking of the EU's institutions. It has resisted lobbying from backward-looking organisations – this enlightened result is a kick in the teeth for the European commission and its bloodless 2030 proposal last month. Heads of state must pay heed to the parliament."
The EWEA estimates that a renewables target of 30% by 2030, binding at a national level, could provide 570,000 new jobs and save €500bn in imports of fossil fuels, with lower energy costs for energy-intensive industries.
Jason Anderson, head of climate and energy at WWF, said: "MEPs reacted to the commission's weak climate and energy proposals with a much-needed reality check. Energy efficiency and renewables are integral to achieving a low-carbon future and can't be downgraded to afterthoughts. A comprehensive package of binding targets for 2030 will reduce Europe's dependence on volatile energy imports, create employment in low-carbon sectors, deliver health benefits for EU citizens and help ensure the avoidance of dangerous climate change."
The MEPs also voted for a continuation of the fuel quality directive beyond 2020, which would affect the import of high-carbon fuels such as those from tar sands.
But they declined amendments for stronger targets, including a proposed 50% reduction in emissions and 40% renewables target.
Porsche and Audi are hoping to challenge Tesla in the luxury electric car market, but Elon Musk can sleep easy for now. Both are still years away from production.
Porsche unveiled its first all-electric concept car at the Frankfurt auto show Tuesday. It looks like a futuristic version of the Porsche 911.
The German sports carmaker boasts that the four-door Mission E will be able to drive roughly 310 miles on a single charge. The new model should take just 15 minutes to charge to about 80% of its capacity.
That would be significantly faster than market leader Tesla (TSLA), which requires about 30 minutes to reach the same level of charge.
Plus, the Mission E boasts a longer range than Tesla's Model S. It should run for 250 miles after a 15-minute charge versus 170 miles from a 30-minute charge.
Still, Tesla has a few years to close that gap.
A Porsche spokesperson told CNNMoney that production of the car would be "feasible within the near future," but noted that it may take five years for battery technology to advance sufficiently.
The concept is part of a bigger push by Porsche parent Volkswagen (VLKAY) into electric vehicles. VW CEO Martin Winterkorn said the group is planning to roll out 20 more electric cars and plug-in hybrids by 2020.
"No commitment to electro-mobility can be any clearer than that," said Winterkorn, who oversees brands including Audi, Bentley, Lamborghini and Bugatti.
Audi unveiled a new all-electric SUV concept vehicle called the e‑tron quattro last month. It will have the same driving range as the Porsche Mission E, and production will begin in 2018.
Related: My weekend with the world's richest car collectors
The Mission E will offer features such as gesture-activated controls, eye-tracking controls and some holographic images around the dashboard.
Unlike its competition, the car can also be charged wirelessly.
Porsche said drivers will be able to park over a coil embedded in the floor of their garage and energy will transfer to the battery without cables.
And you can't talk about Porsche without talking about speed. The car should go from zero to 60 in under 3.5 seconds.
Women wear masks as they walk along a street on a polluted day in Beijing, Sunday, Dec. 13, 2015. China's push for a global climate pact is partly because of its own increasingly pressing need to solve serious environmental problems, observers said Sunday. (AP Photo/Andy Wong) fewer Women wear masks as they walk along a street on a polluted day in Beijing, Sunday, Dec. 13, 2015. China's push for a global climate pact is partly because of its own increasingly pressing need to solve serious ... more Photo: Andy Wong, Associated Press Photo: Andy Wong, Associated Press Image 1 of / 29 Caption Close Canned air sells big in China 1 / 29 Back to Gallery
If you're still complaining about the use of bottled water you might want to set your angst onto a new emerging industry: canned fresh air. Yes, you read that right - premium fresh air is now being packaged in aluminum cans and is quickly selling out on the Chinese e-commerce website Taobao.
Famed Williamsburg hipster Dan Ozzi, Canadian entrepreneurs Moses Lam and Troy Paquette are probably the only others to ever try to capitalize on the concept of retailing fresh air. Their company Vitality Air started out as a joke, but after selling their second bag on eBay for $168 Canadian dollars ($122), it turned out they were really onto something.
The Alberta-based company packages their product by filling large cans of compressed air from the Rocky Mountains near Banff and Lake Louise. They are priced at $10 to $20 each.
As told to MailOnline, Vitality Air's China representative Harrison Wang expects to receive a shipment of 700 bottles in the next few weeks after selling out the company's first shipment of 500.
"We have sold everything, and we now have a bunch of customers and people wanting to be our distributors," Harrison said.
Many may ridicule Vitality Air for capitalizing on the air crisis in Beijing. However, with new school, factory, and construction site closures in the past week the company is not embarrassed by their opportunistic mission or new-found popularity.
China declared red alert for #smog. Need a breath of fresh air? Check out our products! #ChinaSmog pic.twitter.com/9wPWH090Ol — Vitality Air (@vitalityair) December 8, 2015
In an article about the product CNBC reached out to Bryan Roberts, SVP and knowledge officer at Kantar Retail, who praised the idea.
Looking for that unique #stockingstuffer ? We have what you need! pic.twitter.com/LINQ26kle2 — Vitality Air (@vitalityair) December 11, 2015
"Regardless of the efficacy of the product as a solution, one can only admire entrepreneurs that have created a high growth business on this need, or perceived need."
Here's an interesting, yet unsurprising stat about NFL injuries.
Over the past four seasons, there have been 202 ACL tears in the NFL, according to the ACL Recovery Club. That's about 50 per season.
There've been 202 torn ACLs's in the NFL that required reconstructive surgery in the last 4 seasons:
2016 – 46
2015 – 48
2014 – 45
2013 – 63 pic.twitter.com/EeJdW2u4Ka — ACL Recovery Club (@ACLrecoveryCLUB) February 6, 2017
The Kansas City Chiefs account for nine of those torn ACLs, with at least two per season over the last four years. Here are Chiefs players with torn ACLs since 2013:
2016: OLB Justin Houston, FB Trey Millard, OG Parker Ehinger
2015: CB Phillip Gaines, RB Jamaal Charles
2014: RB Cyrus Gray, QB Tyler Bray
2013: OL Colin Kelly, WR Kyle Williams
Torn ACLs have plagued the Chiefs (and plenty of other NFL teams) over the years. KC fans will never forget the dreaded 2011 season when Charles, safety Eric Berry and tight end Tony Moeaki all went down with ACL tears to kick off the season.
It has gotten to the point where football fans are conditioned to think “ACL tear” whenever a player goes down on the field holding his leg. Luckily, technology and medicine has become so advanced that players are normally able to return from these injuries after a year or so of surgery and recovery.
The Fourth of July, also known as “just a regular Friday” for all you awesome non-U.S. Mommyish readers) is my least favorite holiday. It's bad enough that, much like New Year's Eve, people treat Independence Day in America like amateur hour, day-drinking at 9 a.m. and generally causing chaos. But the worst part about the Fourth of July for me, are the barrage of fireworks injuries that will inevitably be reported before, during and after the celebration. According to this report from CBS Detroit, fireworks injuries are on the rise, and I'm not surprised. So in the spirit of the holiday, I'd like to recount the story of the time my husband Don, then a teenager, shot some bottle rockets out of his butt, burnt all his arse-hair off, and landed in the ER. Let's call it a cautionary tale.
First, let me preface this by saying that this entire post was my husband's brilliant idea, and he's given me his blessing on all the details I am about to divulge. He's a giver like that. He considers it his civic duty, and has been gleefully telling this story to whoever will listen since well before I met him.
That being said, I would wager to say, without any empirical evidence, that teenagers make up exactly 73.2 percent of all Fourth of July fireworks injuries. Obviously I just made that statistic up, but doesn't it sound right? Just a quick Google search on last night's festivities pulls up numerous examples, including one teen who got second degree burns on his hand, and another whose finger was blown clear off. I don't think it's a stretch of the imagination to say that, with few exceptions (like these inspirational boys who saved a drunken idiot from certain, alligator-related doom), teens are known for making epic, often news-worthy, mistakes. This isn't in question and my husband has a highly embarrassing injury to prove it.
Yes, my lovely, adrenalin-junky husband managed to scare 10 years off his poor mom's life by almost blowing his entire anus to smithereens. Let me paint a picture for you: it's July 4th, 2000. Savage Garden is on the radio (probably) and since Don is from New Jersey, everyone is celebrating our country's Independence from tyranny with body shots and bad decisions. This was around the time that MTV's Jackass became all the rage, and (unfortunately for his anus) my husband was an early fan.
So it's the Fourth of July and Don and his buddies (who are all between the ages of 15-17 but are illegally drinking because what else do teens have to do in the suburbs?) are hanging out, being idiots. Suddenly, perhaps inspired by the celebratory atmosphere (and probably too many Zimas) my husband gets the genius idea to launch some bottle rockets from his poop-hole. Now, at this point you're probably thinking “So what, this is typical dumb teenager fare.” And you'd be right. But my husband has always been an over-achiever, and teenager dumbassery is no exception.
Not only did my husband decide to shoot dangerous, flaming fireworks out of one of the most sensitive orifices of his body, but he decided to up the Darwin Awards ante by seeing just how many he could fit up there. Turns out, a lot. According to Don, there was “an unfortunate misfire” and not all of the bottle rockets managed to leave his “corn-hole.” The largest one somehow exploded while it was still intimately acquainted with his brown eye, resulting in second degree burns on his ass cheeks and butt hole. According to Don, the smell of “singed ass hair” haunts his nightmares.
What's the moral of the story? Well, for teens, it's obviously “Don't be a moron who puts explosives in your ass.” For moms and parents, all I can say is that never, ever underestimate the potential stupidity of teenagers. My husband is a highly intelligent, educated, self-made man who works with high-tech computer equipment all day long. He's a freaking engineer. If there was a point where he thought shooting a half a dozen flaming-rockets-o-pain out of his asshole was a good idea, then any teen is capable of it. ANY teen.
(Photo: riptheskull)
'Tis the season to be jolly, and the way I embrace the spirit of that message is by not feeling very guilty about what I eat! I enjoy decadent desserts as much as the next gal, but what I really crave is meat. It's probably because I live with so many vegetarians.
I roasted a lamb sirloin today with Herbes de Provence, garlic, tomato paste and maple syrup. Prior to roasting it in the oven, I seared the meat to form a deliciously sweet, herby crust. I enjoyed every single bit of it, and so will you if you give this recipe a try. I guess I'll eat healthier to shed some pounds in 2012. That's what New Year's resolutions are for!
Today's prize is sponsored by Somersault Snacks. You could win five 6-ounce packages of their insanely addictive nuggets! These sunflower seed-based nuggets are nutritious and tasty; they're a perfect combination in between gorging on calorie-laden holiday food. My personal favorite? Definitely the Dutch Cocoa. It has a very satisfying mild chocolate flavor. As for the savory options, I really enjoyed the Salty Pepper, which has just the right amount of heat. If you want to experience Somersault Snacks for yourself, just go to the 25 Days of Giveaways page today and enter for a chance to win!
Make sure you're a fan of PhamFatale Facebook fan page and Somersault Snacks or follow @Phamfatalecom and tweet about this giveaway. To make it easy, you can just copy and paste this tweet if you'd like: "snack pack #Giveaway from @Phamfatalecom and @SomersaultSnack: http://bit.ly/sp4V7y".
VINELAND, N.J. (AP) — A southern New Jersey mom faces numerous charges after she allegedly drove drunk with her young son in the car and tried to elude police following a hit-and-run accident.
Vineland police say 43-year-old Tina Orange of Newfield had to be removed from her vehicle when the pursuit finally ended.
The chase began late Friday afternoon, following a two-car crash. Authorities say Orange drove off, but police soon located the vehicle and tried to stop it.
A pursuit then continued as Orange allegedly drove recklessly for several blocks before finally stopping. Authorities say that neither Orange nor her 10-year-old son were injured, but the boy was very frightened.
Orange was charged with eluding, child endangerment and several motor vehicle citations. It wasn't known Monday if she had retained a lawyer.
(© Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Check Out These Other Stories:
A Florida state attorney won't prosecute GOP frontrunner Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski for battery against a former Breitbart reporter, according to Politico.
“The decision not to press charges against Corey Lewandowski is scheduled to be announced on Thursday afternoon by Palm Beach County State Attorney David Kronberg,” Politico reports. “Fields may still pursue a defamation case against Lewandowski, a source said.”
Police charged Lewandowski last month with simple battery after Fields alleged he grabbed her arm and left bruises.
“If you asked people to describe a battery, this certainly wouldn't cut it. No injury, no damage, no nothing,” veteran criminal defense attorney David Oscar Markus of Miami told Politico. “Not every minor interaction needs to go to court. Time for everyone to chill out.”
“Jeb Bush has a better claim for battery against Trump after those debates than this reporter does against Lewandowski,” he added.
Fields took to Twitter to express dismay that she found out about the decision from news reports rather than from the prosecutor:
Prosecutor's office told me they would inform me of decision tomorrow. If reports true, guess they decided to leak to reporters first. Ugly. — Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) April 14, 2016
For those asking, office of prosecutor asked 2 weeks ago if I'd be ok with an apology from Corey. I said ya but haven't heard back about it — Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) April 14, 2016
Read Politico's full report here.
Beginning in September and running up through November 11th, the first day of the regular season, College Basketball Talk will be unveiling the 2016-2017 NBCSports.com college hoops preview package.
Today, we are previewing the Horizon League.
Despite being one of the premier mid-major teams in the country last season, Valparaiso was upset by eventual conference tournament champion Green Bay as they fell short of their ultimate NCAA tournament goal. The Crusaders eventually lost in the NIT title game to George Washington and head coach Bryce Drew departed for Vanderbilt, but Valpo can still lean on Alec Peters for his final season in 2017-18.
Peters and new head coach Matt Lottich will lead Valparaiso this year as the Crusaders are still the favorites to win the regular season title in the Horizon League. Besides Peters, guard Tevonn Walker is a tough player and senior wing Shane Hammink could step up as a scorer. Replacing center Vashil Fernandez and his rim protection will be the key.
Oakland must replace departed point guard Kahlil Felder which is why they're hoping that JuCo transfer Stevie Clark recaptures the magic that made him a top-100 commit for Oklahoma State. All-league forward Jalen Hayes is also back along with talented wings Martez Walker and Sherron Dorsey-Walker. The Golden Grizzlies will definitely score but will they get stops?
Another uptempo team with talent is Green Bay as the Phoenix return eight of its top 10 players from last season's NCAA tournament. Senior Charles Cooper should be their primary option and Khalil Small is another returning option to put up points. Finding a point guard and new defensive stopper to replace Carrington Love and Jordan Fouse will be key.
Detroit has a new head coach in Bacari Alexander and brings back some scoring punch with Chris Jenkins, Jaleel Hogan and Josh McFolley. The Titans should have one of the best frontcourts in the league but they have to replace the production of Paris Bass. UIC returns Freshman of the Year Dikembe Dixson and solid defensive center Tai Odiase as they have the league's top recruiting class to add to a young and talented lineup. The Flames could be a surprise team if everything comes together. Wright State brings in a new coach in Scott Nagy as he inherits a roster that can compete early. Mark Alstork is his go-to guy and junior Grant Benzinger is a talented shooter and Illinois graduate transfer Mike LaTulip could be a wild card.
Junior guard Cameron Morse leads Youngstown State as the conference's returning leading scorer should put up big numbers. The Penguins have to improve defensively as they gave up over 85 points per game last season. Northern Kentucky could also be a surprise team as three double-figure scorers return (LaVone Holland, Drew McDonald and Cole Murray). A sophomore, McDonald is particularly intriguing and the key to the Norse as their best post option.
Cleveland State brings back promising freshman Rob Edwards and senior Demonte Flannigan but there isn't much more in returning production. New head coach LaVall Jordan takes over at Milwaukee as the team will look completely different from last season's 20-win campaign. Cody Wichmann is the team's most experienced returning player and he averaged 4.8 points per game while not starting a game last season.
MORE: 2016-17 Season Preview Coverage | Conference Previews | Preview Schedule
PRESEASON HORIZON LEAGUE PLAYER OF THE YEAR: Alec Peters, Valparaiso
A third-team NBCSports.com preseason All-American, Peters has been a prolific scorer throughout his college career as he put up 18.4 points and 8.5 rebounds per game for the Crusaders last season. Peters shoots 44 percent from three-point range and, at 6-foot-9, can rebound and defend a bit inside. He's a dynamic offensive talent and the best mid-major player in the country.
THE REST OF THE PRESEASON HORIZON LEAGUE TEAM:
Cameron Morse, Youngstown State : A monster sophomore season saw the guard score 23.3 points per game in league play.
: A monster sophomore season saw the guard score 23.3 points per game in league play. Dikembe Dixon, UIC : As a true freshman the wing averaged 19.8 points and 7.3 rebounds per game but he has to improve his shooting percentages.
: As a true freshman the wing averaged 19.8 points and 7.3 rebounds per game but he has to improve his shooting percentages. Charles Cooper, Green Bay : The junior guard will take on a bigger role this season after averaging 13.6 points and 5.5 rebounds last season.
: The junior guard will take on a bigger role this season after averaging 13.6 points and 5.5 rebounds last season. Jalen Hayes, Oakland: The junior forward led the league in rebounding at 8.8 per game to go along with 13.1 points on 52 percent shooting.
ONE TWITTER FEED TO FOLLOW: @HorizonLeague
PREDICTED FINISH
1. Valparaiso
2. Oakland
3. Green Bay
4. Detroit
5. UIC
6. Wright State
7. Youngstown State
8. Northern Kentucky
9. Cleveland State
10. Milwaukee
Powerful, destructive tropical cyclones are now reaching their peak intensity farther from the equator and closer to the poles, according to a new study co-authored by an MIT scientist.
The results of the study, published today in the journal Nature, show that over the last 30 years, tropical cyclones — also known as hurricanes or typhoons — are moving poleward at a rate of about 33 miles per decade in the Northern Hemisphere and 38 miles per decade in the Southern Hemisphere.
“The absolute value of the latitudes at which these storms reach their maximum intensity seems to be increasing over time, in most places,” says Kerry Emanuel, an MIT professor and co-author of the new paper. “The trend is statistically significant at a pretty high level.”
And while the scientists who conducted the study are still investigating the atmospheric mechanisms behind this change, the trend seems consistent with a warming climate.
“It may mean the thermodynamically favorable conditions for these storms are migrating poleward,” adds Emanuel, the Cecil and Ida Green Professor of Earth and Planetary Sciences at MIT.
The implications are serious, since the movement of peak intensity means regions further north and south of the equator, which have not previously had to face many landfalls by violent cyclones, may now have greater exposure to these extreme weather events. That, in turn, could lead to “potentially profound consequences to life and property,” the paper states. “Any related changes to positions where storms make landfall will have obvious effects on coastal residents and infrastructure.”
Moving with the trade winds?
The paper, “The Poleward Migration of the Location of Tropical Cyclone Maximum Intensity,” was co-written by James P. Kossin — who is the lead author — of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) National Climatic Data Center; Gabriel A. Vecchi of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and Emanuel.
To conduct the study, the scientists used international data from 1982 to 2012, collected by NOAA's National Climatic Data Center. They used the location of peak intensity of cyclones as a benchmark because it is a more consistent metric than statistics such as storm duration: The duration can be harder to estimate because of difficulties in establishing precisely when a storm should first be considered a tropical cyclone.
While there are regional differences in the poleward movement of cyclones, the fact that every ocean basin other than the northern Indian Ocean has experienced this change leads the researchers to suggest, in the paper, that this “migration away from the tropics is a global phenomenon.”
However, Emanuel notes, the global mechanisms underlying the trend are a matter for further research.
“We think, but have not yet been able to establish, that this is connected to independently observed poleward expansion of the Hadley circulation,” Emanuel says, referring to a large-scale pattern of global winds, which in recent years has also moved further poleward. The paper notes the potential impact of vertical wind shear, which inhibits cyclone formation; data suggests a decrease in wind shear in the tropics and an increase at higher latitudes.
Emanuel notes that researchers in the field are continuing to examine the links between storm migration and global warming. Over the past three decades, the incidence of cyclones in the tropics has actually diminished — because while tropical cyclones may become more intense in a warmer climate, it is actually more difficult to generate them.
Ocean temperatures between 82 and 86 degrees Fahrenheit seem to be “ideal for the genesis of tropical cyclones,” Emanuel says, “and as that belt migrates poleward, which surely it must as the whole ocean warms, the tropical cyclone genesis regions might just move with it. But we have more work to do to nail it down.”
Michael Mann, a professor of meteorology and director of the Earth System Science Center at Penn State University, says the matter of cyclone migration is “a very interesting new angle on the larger issue of how climate change may be impacting tropical cyclone activity.”
Overall, Mann adds, “The findings seem quite plausible. We know that human-caused climate change is leading to a poleward shift in certain features of the atmospheric circulation. … It would be surprising if these shifts were not influencing tropical cyclones. This study shows that they are, by causing a poleward migration in the zones where atmospheric shear is either favorable or prohibitive to tropical cyclone formation.” In practical terms, he says, the result may have “considerable implications” for coastal cities in the long term.
Opening Ceremony And Vans Release An Old Skool “Satin” Pack
4.23 / 5 13 VOTES This post contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products. The opinions and information provided on this site are original editorial content of Sneaker News.
Satin is all the rage in the sneaker world right now. Jordan Brand just released the Air Jordan 1 Satin “Royal” with an awesome homage to Walter's and Active Athlete, two independent retailers that have had a long-lasting impact on the sneaker scene in Atlanta and Houston. Other brands are starting to follow suit on the satin scene with New York's own Opening Ceremony and Vans bringing the lifestyle heat to the Vans Old Skool in four new colorways. Vans fully expects you to tear the pastel Old Skools up based on their photo gallery, but you might want to take caution if you're buying the cream, yellow, or light pink colored pairs given the smooth satin upper. Check out more photos below and grab your pair tomorrow, August 11th for $100 USD each.
Opening Ceremony x Vans Old Skool “Satin Pack”
Release Date: August 11th, 2017
$100
Color: 4 Colorways Available
Photo courtesy of Andrew Trinh Photography.
Shake Shack's grand opening isn't the only good food news to hit the Central West End today.
This morning Travis Howard and Tim Wiggins of Retreat Gastropub (2 N. Sarah Street) announced plans to open a second concept in the neighborhood in mid-2018. Known as Yellowbelly, the restaurant and bar will be "a sea and spirits concept," with a seafood-centric menu and a beverage program focused on rum, craft beer, wines by the glass, cocktails and more.
Photo courtesy of Andrew Trinh Photography.
Travis Howard and Tim Wiggins of Retreat Gastropub and Yellowbelly.
Yellowbelly will be situated at 4659 Lindell Boulevard, located in the Citizen Park building that sits at the corner of Euclid and Lindell.“Our location is right in the heart of the exciting development in the Central West End from Whole Foods to Shake Shack," Howard said in a prepared statement. "With residents located right above us, Yellowbelly will be a place for the neighborhood — an everyday hangout where anyone can come relax and enjoy a new experience.”According to the press release, Yellowbelly will offer "serious, but fun" cocktails and food, evoking "a sense of play" with a "bright, clean design."As for the food, the menu will focus on West Coast cuisine and feature the freshest seafood available along with seasonal fruits and vegetables. You'll find raw seafood options, including crudo and ceviche, in addition to seafood entrees such as whole fish. If those flavors aren't up your alley, you'll also find small plates, entrees and more with "approachable American fare" — including a burger, if that's more your speed.Per the press release, the vibe at Yellowbelly will be lively and fun. Architect Nick Adams of Mademan Design will handle the decor, which will have a California coastal feel. The 3,000-square foot space will accommodate 90 to 95 people, along with 40 more seats outside. Expect 16-foot ceilings, a complete glass exterior, bamboo-inspired wood and custom artwork on two main walls. There will also be a a geometric installation over the 15-seat quartz bar, along with a glass tile backsplash.So, you may be wondering — why call the restaurant "Yellowbelly"? The name is inspired by "yellow-bellied" tropical fish and birds. It also pokes at the term "yellow-belly," meaning coward. The name stands as a playful dare to try new things, and throughout the restaurant you'll see calls to "be brave" — something that Wiggins, Yellowbelly's bar manager, is personally looking to do with to the beverage program.“We want to evoke a sense of adventure at Yellowbelly and offer a new, energetic dining and drinking experience," Wiggins said in the release. "Rum is a passion of mine, and no one in St. Louis is focusing so intently on the spirit. It allows me to not only challenge myself, but also have an open, fun conversation with our guests.”As you can imagine, these won't be just any old rum cocktails. These signature drinks will be offered in cheeky custom glassware and have names inspired by tropical fish traits and names, including the "Green Terror," "Cherry Barb Punch" and "Rummy Nose Torpedo." Despite the playful, bold drink selections, though, Wiggins stresses, "It won't be a tiki bar."For more about Yellowbelly, visit yellowbellystl.com and follow Yellowbelly on Facebook Twitter and Instagram
Catching Fire: How Cooking Made Us Human (2009)[1] is a book by British primatologist Richard Wrangham, published by Profile Books in England, and Basic Books in the USA. It argues the hypothesis that cooking food was an essential element in the physiological evolution of human beings. It was shortlisted for the 2010 Samuel Johnson Prize.
History of the idea [ edit ]
Eighteenth-century writers noted already that "people cooked their meat, rather than eating it raw like animals". Oliver Goldsmith considered that "of all other animals we spend the least time in eating; this is one of the great distinctions between us and the brute creation". In 1999 Wrangham published the first version of the hypothesis in Current Anthropology.[2] A short outline of the hypothesis was presented by John Allman (2000)[3] presumably based upon Wrangham (1999).
Overview [ edit ]
Humans (species in the genus homo) are the only animals that cook their food and Wrangham argues Homo erectus emerged about two million years ago as a result of this unique trait. Cooking had profound evolutionary effect because it increased food efficiency which allowed human ancestors to spend less time foraging, chewing, and digesting. H. erectus developed a smaller, more efficient digestive tract which freed up energy to enable larger brain growth. Wrangham also argues that cooking and control of fire generally affected species development by providing warmth and helping to fend off predators which helped human ancestors adapt to a ground-based lifestyle. Wrangham points out that humans are highly evolved for eating cooked food and cannot maintain reproductive fitness with raw food.[4]
Reception [ edit ]
Positive [ edit ]
Book reviewers gave Catching Fire generally positive reviews. The New York Times called it "a rare thing: a slim book - the text itself is a mere 207 pages - that contains serious science yet is related in direct, no-nonsense prose",[5] and the Telegraph (UK) called it "that rare thing, an exhilarating science book".[6]
Negative [ edit ]
Critics of the cooking hypothesis question whether archaeological evidence supports the view that cooking fires began long enough ago to confirm Wrangham's findings.[7] The traditional explanation is that human ancestors scavenged carcasses for high-quality food that preceded the evolutionary shift to smaller guts and larger brains.[8]
Further reading [ edit ]
Review in the Telegraph
Review by Pat Shipman in Nature 459, 1059-1060 (25 June 2009)
459, 1059-1060 (25 June 2009) Frances D. Burton (2009) Fire: The Spark That Ignited Human Evolution, University of New Mexico Press, ISBN 978-0-8263-4646-9
See also [ edit ]
US immigration law: so f'ed up that Trump's no-Muslim plan would be constitutional
For more than a century, the US judiciary has been handing down rulings that affirm that non-US citizens, including those seeking entry into the USA, have no rights under the US Constitution -- rulings that also grant the President the power to exclude people based on race, marital status and other biased grounds.
It started in 1889, with the ban on Chinese immigration to the USA (the workers lured/kidnapped to America to build the railroad wanted to settle down and bring over their families, but surprise! No more Chinese immigration!). In 1965, meanwhile, a Brazilian national of Japanese descent was denied entry on the basis that he was Asian, and thus came under the US cap on visas for Asians. The courts upheld both measures.
In 1977, US immigration denied a visa to an American citizen's son on the basis that the lad had been born out of wedlock (upheld by the courts). Today, if you were born in the Philippines, the US government arbitrarily demands that you wait an extra decade to get a visa to come live with your family.
As immigration and constitutional law scholar Peter J. Spiro writes, in the New York Times, the fact that the Supreme Court has decided that immigration is a constitution-free zone isn't the last word. There was widespread revulsion at Trump's proposal to institute a religious test as a condition of entry to the US, and widespread belief that this is -- and should be -- unconstitutional. This public sentiment tells us that the courts are out of step with the nation, and that means it's time for a change:
The fact that many Americans seem to assume Mr. Trump's proposal is unconstitutional means that the courts need to catch up with the public on immigration. We don't tolerate discrimination on the basis of national origin in hiring, housing or public accommodation. But discrimination on the basis of nationality, often capricious, even illogical, is a central feature of immigration law.
Trump's Anti-Muslim Plan Is Awful. And Constitutional. [Peter J Spiro/NYT]
W hat most of us know about former Olympic figure skater Tonya Harding is that she was somehow involved in an incident which left rival Nancy Kerrigan with a broken leg. What we don't know, however, is what Harding's life was like leading up to that infamous attack.
Director Craig Gillespie's I, Tonya sets out to rectify that gap in the public consciousness, beginning in the form of re-enacted interviews with a variety of characters from Harding's personal life, including her mother, LaVona Golden (Allison Janney), her ex-husband, Jeff Gillooly (Sebastian Stan), and Harding herself (Margot Robbie). Following that, the movie launches viewers into the story of Harding's formative years, and proceeds to show us how her life as a figure skater came to be — all of which is perfectly set up to dovetail into "the incident."
The result certainly manages to make audiences laugh, but the film's true power comes from the fact that, for once, you feel empathy towards Harding — something most of us probably never imagined possible. Brilliantly acted by a stellar cast that also includes Mckenna Grace as a young Tonya, I, Tonya is a definite must-see.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko attends a news conference following a EU-Ukraine summit in Brussels, Belgium, November 24, 2016. Reuters/Francois Lenoir BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Hackers attacked the European Commission's computers on Thursday, flooding the EU executive's servers with digital service requests, but while connection speeds were affected, there was no data breach, the Commission said.
"Yesterday afternoon the Commission was targeted by an attempt to saturate our internet connection," Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas told a news briefing on Friday.
"The commission took effective counter-measures and there was no interruption of service, although connection speeds were affected for a while, there was no data breach," he said.
Schinas said the Commission did not know who was behind the attack, which was of the distributed denial of service (DDoS) type when too many simultaneous requests to servers cause the service to crash.
The attack happened as Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko visited Brussels to discuss visa free travel to the EU. Schinas declined to comment if there was any connection between the attack and the visit.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski; editing by Robin Emmott)
Documents recently obtained by the conservative advocacy group Judicial Watch show that in December 2010, then-US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her staff were having difficulty communicating with State Department officials by e-mail because spam filters were blocking their messages. To fix the problem, State Department IT turned the filters off—potentially exposing State's employees to phishing attacks and other malicious e-mails.
The mail problems prompted Clinton Chief of Staff Huma Abedin to suggest to Clinton, "We should talk about putting you on State e-mail or releasing your e-mail address to the department so you are not going to spam." Clinton replied, "Let's get [a] separate address or device but I don't want any risk of the personal [e-mail] being accessible."
The mail filter system—Trend Micro's ScanMail for Exchange 8—was apparently causing some messages from Clinton's private server (Clintonemail.com) to not be delivered. Some were "bounced;" others were accepted by the server but were quarantined and never delivered to the recipient. According to the e-mail thread published yesterday by Judicial Watch, State's IT team turned off both spam and antivirus filters on two "bridgehead" mail relay servers while waiting for a fix from Trend Micro.
There was some doubt about whether Trend Micro would address the issue before State performed an upgrade to the latest version of the mail filtering software. "I am not confident Trend Micro will provide an update for SMEX 8," wrote one member of State's IT team, Trey Jammes. "That is two revs behind their current offering, SMEX 10, and they are pushing us to go to that (currently in pilot), and they have never not yet been able to deliver a fool-proof solution for a problem that has been around for at least 2 years. Unfortunately, we have seen similar problems with SMEX 10… I don't think we have seen that problem with SMEX 10 when running without the anti-spam piece."
A State Department contractor support tech confirmed that two filters needed to be shut off in order to temporarily fix the problem—a measure that State's IT team took with some trepidation, because the filters had "blocked malicious content in the recent past."
It's not clear from the thread that the issue was ever satisfactorily resolved, either with SMEX 8 or SMEX 10. But State's unclassified e-mail system has been repeatedly breached by attackers. An attack purported to have been staged by Russian hackers caused the department to briefly shut down all its unclassified e-mail systems in 2014 but persisted within State's network for more than a year afterward. Then Iranians spear-phished State employees in 2015, breaching the e-mail system again.
The latest batch of documents obtained by Judicial Watch also includes an e-mail from Justin Cooper, the former aide to President Bill Clinton who set up the private mail server for Clinton and her staff at State, to Abedin, explaining that the server had been shut down briefly because "we were attacked again." He explained further in a follow-up e-mail, "I had to shut down the server…Someone was trying to hack us and while they did not get in I didn't want to let them have the chance. I will restart it in the morning."
Listing image by Lorie Shaull
At the end of last month a three-day workshop was held in the Vatican on the sombre topic of “Biological Extinction”. The event was jointly sponsored by the Pontifical Academy of Sciences and the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences, and reflected Pope Francis's curious personal penchant for environmental alarmism.
Among the participants was the notorious population control enthusiast Paul Ehrlich, who had predicted in 1968 that hundreds of millions would starve to death in the 1970s and that England might well not make it to the millennium. Ehrlich has not been much chastened by the failure of his prophecies. Nor is he a friend of the Catholic Church. In a book published as recently as 2014, he describes “the Pope [he may have been referring to Benedict XVI] and many of the bishops” as “one of the truly evil, regressive forces on the planet”. Ehrlich is also well known for his support over the years for mass sterilisation, contraception and abortion.
But the presence of an advocate for abortion in the precincts of the Vatican was not the only striking incongruity. Anxiety about population growth could not have been discussed in a more unsuitable venue. Just across the invisible line, in Italy, it is not overpopulation, but a shrinking population that is causing acute concern.
Last September, the Italian government scheduled a national Fertility Day to encourage citizens to breed, having noted that the previous year had seen the smallest number of live births since the 1860s.
A massive advertising blitz had been planned for the occasion. One poster, responding to the fact that the average age for an Italian mother to have her first child had risen to 31, showed a woman with an egg-timer and the slogan “Beauty has no age, but fertility does”; while another exhorted “Get a move on. Don't wait for the stork.” Male responsibility for the baby shortage was duly acknowledged in adverts featuring a flaccid banana and a man with a cigarette alongside the caption “Don't let your sperm go up in smoke.”
But despite this even-handedness between the sexes, Italy's feminists erupted in fury. Women's wombs, some argued, should not be treated as if they were national assets; while others implied that emancipation from childbirth was one of the most important and hard-won social gains women had achieved during the last hundred years. The adverts and website were pulled, the government minister responsible mumbled apologies, Fertility Day flopped.
A baby shortage exists right across Europe. It's there in Catholic countries and non-Catholic ones. It is a feature of southern Europe as well as the north. To keep population levels steady from generation to generation in advanced Western countries you either need a fertility rate of 2.1, known as the replacement rate; or you need to top up the numbers through immigration. According to the OECD, the fertility rate across the European Union has declined from 2.6 in 1960 to 1.5 in 2014.
But though the underlying decline in fertility is Europe-wide, the consequences manifest themselves differently in different countries. In Eastern Europe, for example, the problem has been exacerbated by emigration, as young people head west to seek jobs and higher living standards in Germany or Britain, leaving many villages with barely any inhabitants under the age of 40.
By contrast, the UK, despite having seen a decline in the fertility rate from 2.7 in 1960 to 1.8 in 2014, has had the fastest growing population in Europe, with most of the growth over the past decade accounted for by high levels of immigration. Whether this can survive Brexit must surely be in doubt.
One aspect of the demographic shift is the so-called “greying of Europe” as the proportion of older citizens in the population increases alarmingly. Italy, for instance, has moved from having 10 adults of working age to support each old-age pensioner to only three within just 70 years. Even with productivity increases and the benefits of automation that economists are predicting, will the pensions and social benefits Europeans enjoy today remain sustainable for long?
The drop in fertility rates across the continent has prompted a range of anxieties – cultural as well as economic – evidenced by headlines warning of a coming “population disaster” or worse, a “demographic death spiral”. After receiving the Templeton Prize last year, Lord Sacks gave an interview to the Daily Telegraph that was reported in apocalyptic terms. Under the headline “Falling birth rates could spell the end of the West”, the paper said that the former Chief Rabbi had warned readers that “Western civilisation is on the brink of collapse … because the modern generation doesn't want the responsibility of bringing up children.”
It is that idea of “Western civilisation” that greatly complicates the demographic panic. Without it, the answer would be simple: Europe has no need to worry about finding young people to support its elderly in their declining years. There are plenty of young migrants banging at the gates, trying to climb the razor wire or setting sail on flimsy boats to reach our shores. All we need to do is let them in.
That is probably why Angela Merkel, knowing that Germany faces one of the steepest population declines in the medium term, with a projected loss of 12 million in the coming half century, felt she could admit a million refugees in a single year. Besides, there can be economic advantages to doing it this way. Bringing in a fully trained Syrian doctor to work in your hospital saves a lot of investment in secondary education and medical school.
But things have not worked out well during the migration crisis during the past two or three years in terms of solving the demographic problem. Germany and the Scandinavian countries fear that their gender balance is being skewed because too high a proportion of recent migrants are young males. The challenge of integrating so many refugees from an Islamic background has proved much harder than governments thought, prompting the growth of groups such as Germany's far-right Pegida movement. Voters across Europe have begun to resist any suggestion that further immigration is a workable solution to the population problem. Even if the current crop of populist hopefuls come unstuck, few mainstream politicians will dare to propose making immigration easier in the future.
One of the most vivid illustrations of this was the palpable shock caused among Europe's political elites at last month's Chatham House poll showing that a clear majority of Europeans support a total halt to further migration from Muslim countries. Previously, this had been thought to be a position held only by Donald Trump and the more inbred of his supporters.
Where religious people see culture as a product of religion, the secular-minded tend to see religion just as a quaint expression of culture. Whether religion is upstream of culture or the other way round is of more than passing philosophical interest. People almost always experience cultural change as a loss.
Politicians and media have paid little or no attention to the fact that in some corners of Europe national identities have been in large part shaped by a history of resisting Islamic incursion. Where such a mindset is a fact of life, where people still use the word “Christendom” with a straight face, of course there will be a greater than usual reluctance to accept large numbers of Muslims. And people in London or Paris pointing the finger at Hungarians, Austrians or people in some of the Balkan countries, and calling them racist and condemning any religious discrimination out of hand, just makes things worse.
The gradual closing off of the immigration option will leave European governments flailing about looking for all sorts of different ways to boost conception. Some have already tried appealing to civic-mindedness – like the Danes with their “Do it for Denmark” campaign. The Poles have tried direct financial incentives, as the Russians have been doing for years without much success. The Germans have gone for a more holistic approach: combining more money, more benefits, and longer and better maternity leave.
And yet in most countries fertility rates seem to stay stubbornly low despite the state pledging generous subsidies for childbearing. Almost everything that could be imagined has been attempted, though Europeans have so far resisted Singapore's wheeze of closing offices early for special “family evenings”.
Some of the most interesting new research looks hard at the patterns of reluctance to couples having a second or third child. One previously under-explored factor has been a woman's anticipation that the burden of childcare will be unevenly distributed. If a woman thinks that she will have to do all the work – not just maintaining the household, but the child-rearing too – and that this will limit her economic opportunities, then she will avoid having more children, one US/German collaborative research project argues.
Even if some policy wonks do eventually come up with a perfect formula combining tax credits, baby bounties and family-friendly work contracts, and there is a profound change in men's commitment to doing their fair share around the house, there will still be some huge obstacles in the way of a shift to a big-family society.
In most European cities the built environment is structured for singleton or small-family living: one or two-bedroom flats. We will need to start again from the ground up if we are to find living space for all these third or fourth children.
There will probably never be any neat policy solution. But facing up to the problem of declining fertility need not be a total waste of time. There may be something to be gained by asking afresh what we are here on Earth for, what is the importance and value of the institution of the family, what is worth preserving in our common European cultural inheritance and how best we can muddle through without behaving uncharitably to strangers.
Besides, the worst probably will not happen anyway. Paul Ehrlich's population bomb spluttered out, a damp squib. All those charts and projections, all that compelling “scientific evidence”, turned out over the longue durée to be plain wrong.
And it is not always easy to tell what is academically respectable from what is pure hokum. This week the Times reported a new study published in the journal Evolutionary Psychological Science saying that secularism is itself in decline. Why so? Because secular-minded people have fewer children than religious people. By 2050, the proportion of the “religiously unaffiliated” (atheists, agnostics and those saying they have no particular religion) is expected to be down to a mere 13 per cent of global population. Believe it, or not.
This article first appeared in the March 17 2017 issue of the Catholic Herald. To read the magazine in full, from anywhere in the world, go here
Upon opening our present, we were very happy to discover 2 very large bpa free nalgene water bottles. One in turquoise and one in blue. We haven't decided who gets what color yet. They are both pretty and are a nice, large size to keep us hydrated through all our outdoor adventures. The first aid kit is also a very thoughtful present and gives us a peace of mind to carry on a hike to better enjoy nature. I hope we never need it. It is very compact, and it is perfect for our day hiking trips. Our cat was also happy to receive a bag of treats and when we showed her, she tried to tear open the bag herself. We can't wait to put our presents to good use in the great outdoors.
Fitch Ratings has developed a strong record on China's banking sector in recent years, thanks largely to the perspicacious analysis of its lead banks analyst in Beijing, Charlene Chu. She was one of the first observers, back in 2009, to flag how Chinese banks were moving loans off their balance sheets to lightly regulated trust companies to avoid government lending caps. This past December, she and her colleagues published a report estimating that China's banks had used trusts and other tools to blow past the government's 7.5 trillion yuan ($1.14 trillion) quota for new yuan loans 2010 to the tune of an additional three trillion yuan not recorded on their balance sheets.
Lee Jae-Won/Reuters
Last month, the People's Bank of China effectively validated Ms. Chu's analysis, saying that its longstanding measure of new bank lending failed to capture actual credit flows, and that the banks were responsible for creating around 11.5 trillion yuan of new credit last year.
So it turned a few heads Tuesday when an analyst elsewhere at Fitch was quoted saying that China has a 60% probability of experiencing a banking crisis by 2013. Ms. Chu's analysis had pointed to significant flaws in China's banking system, but this call put Fitch out there toward the Jim Chanos end of China Cassandra spectrum.
The analyst, Richard Fox, a London-based senior director at Fitch, told Bloomberg News that Fitch sees risks of “holes in bank balance sheets” should a property bubble burst.
The jarring assessment was based on the Macro-Prudential Risk Monitor, a sort of analytical tripwire system that Fitch developed in 2005 to flag potential bank crises. Using a formula based on credit-growth rates and asset-price increases, Fitch places national banking systems in three categories based on their “Macro-Prudential Indicator” scores, with MPI 1 being the least risky and MPI 3 the most.
As noted by Bloomberg, which said it interviewed Mr. Fox by phone on March 4, Fitch actually assigned China to the MPI 3 category back in June. But the move went largely unnoticed.
According to Fitch, an emerging-market economy like China has a 60% chance of experiencing a banking crisis within three years of being designated MPI 3. Thus it would follow there's a better-than-even chance that D-Day will dawn for Beijing sometime before mid-2013.
Fitch bases that assertion on surveying almost 40 past banking crises. It says that a combination of abnormally fast growth in credit, assets prices, and the real effective exchange rate is a solid predictor of ill fortune for countries' financial sectors.
Some countries enter MPI 3 and are removed without undergoing banking crises, among them, in the last three years, are Brazil, France, Denmark and New Zealand. On the other hand, according to Bloomberg's interview MPI 3 correctly sounded the alarm for countries including Ireland and Iceland.
“We look at indicators and conditions which have preceded past crises,” Mr. Fox said in an email exchange with The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday. “MPI 3 shows these are present in China. Past evidence suggests there is therefore a 60% chance of a crisis in three years.”
If China does indeed fall into a banking crisis in the next 28 months, Fitch's prediction will be lauded for its prescience—though it would also be grim news for the world economy. It's safe to say that few experts in China who follow the banking system closely think there is a probability of a crisis in such a short period of time—including those who agree that China's lending binge since 2009 has inevitably created a mountain of new bad loans that will someday have to be reckoned with.
News of the Fitch assessment apparently infuriated Ting Lu, China economist for Bank of America-Merrill Lynch, who blasted the 60% assessment in a note Wednesday. “Being cautious is one thing, exaggerating risks is quite another,” he wrote.
A Fitch spokesman declined to comment on the remark.
Certainly China's loan growth is worrisome. The volume of outstanding yuan loans in the banking system has jumped by more than half in just the past two years. It's almost impossible to imagine such a flood of credit being issued without sizeable mistakes. Indeed, regulators are clearly aware of the problems and have already been working to ensure that the banks hold sufficient collateral for loans made to infrastructure investment platforms backed by local governments, a group of borrowers deemed most worrisome.
Still, it could be a stretch to put a numerical probability on something as uncertain as the timing of a financial crisis in China, especially if it's based on a one-size-fits-all model applied to diverse economies across the globe.
The Fitch model says four conditions have to align before it's time to sound the alarm. Real private-sector credit growth must exceed 15% a year, sustained over two years. Property prices need to grow more than 5% a year and the real effective exchange rate (that's a measure of the currency on a trade-weighted basis, adjusted for the effects of inflation) must appreciate by more than 4% a year over the same two-year period. And finally, equity prices need to gain more than 17% a year over the preceding two year period. China has fulfilled the credit and property-price conditions for most of the decade, but a stock market bubble in 2006-2007 and strong yuan appreciation pushed it over in 2008.
China's government is far from omnipotent, but it does have significant ability to mitigate or delay a crisis—not least because the state is ultimately the owner of both the banks and most of the big borrowers they lend to. And given that the once-a-decade transition in China's leadership, which begins in the autumn of next year and runs through early 2013, there will be a serious political imperative to paper over problems in the economy. It could be a while yet before the big cracks start showing in the banking system.
--Dinny McMahon and Jason Dean
Arizona: Hopi
Ancestry
Artisans
Hunters and farmers
Religion
The Hopi are an. Their language is distinct, with a Uto-Aztecan flavor. The Hopi, referred to as the "Peaceful People," are deeply religious and believe that everyone must live in peace and harmony with nature. Many in the Hopi community retain their language, beliefs, and traditional ways. The Hopi have strong family units and reject much of the intrusive outside culture. The Hopi Reservation is surrounded entirely by the Navajo Reservation.The Hopi, Navajo , Apache, and the Pueblo People occupied similar territories with a broad range across Northern Arizona and New Mexico. Hopi affluence attracted raiders and forced the Hopi to maintain strong and constant defenses. Although many of the Hopi villages were widely disbursed, they eventually settled on the top of three mesas, which were very difficult to attack.The oldest continually occupied village in the United States is a Hopi settlement called Oraibi. Oraibi has been in existence since 1150 AD.The Hopi have always been outstanding weavers and artisans. They cultivated cotton to make cloth, which they traded with other Indian peoples as far south as Northern Mexico. The Hopi were experts at dyeing and embroidery. The Hopi have been refining the art of pottery-making for nearly a thousand years. They had the finest pottery in the Southwest at a very early stage.From early on the Hopi were ingenious hunters. Not only did they use bows and arrows but also pits and corrals to capture their game. They were also noted agriculturists (growing squash, beans, corn, cotton, and fruits) and raised wild turkeys. The Hopi developed the means to store food in case of drought or other crop failure.One of the major preoccupations of the Hopi is rain. Corn, which is at the center of their culture, depends upon rain. According to Hopi culture, if it rains the Hopi have performed their ceremonies properly and have lived a good life.No Indian people have a richer religion, mythology, or ceremonial life. The Hopi were monogamists and marital scandal was rare. They used peer pressure and cultural values to maintain law and order. Liars were ostracized.Even today the Hopi maintain a rich cultural tradition and set of values that govern their daily lives. The Spanish had little chance of converting these people to Catholicism.
"The Hopi people have developed a way of life rooted deep in the traditions and experiences of their ancestors. We look to the wisdom of the past to assist us in those decisions which determine the future of ourselves and our children. To follow another course would be untrue and would bring upon us those troubles which fall upon a people who are not true to themselves and their beliefs."
Hopi elders of Shongopovi
Government
Maternally based clans were at the center of the Hopi culture. For years the Hopi have rejected white visions of democracy and a tribal government. The U.S. Government installed several sham tribal governments to govern the Hopi, who openly resisted. Even today the 13 villages on the three Hopi mesas have considerable autonomy from the tribal government.
4 things my rabbit taught me about love (and zen)
Arina Torop Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 11, 2014
Mike the rabbit has entered my life as a present from my husband. Mike was supposed to be a dog substitute for the busy urban household. Soon enough we realized we were naive to think we've adopted a pet. He is actually a zen master with a specialization in love and relationships.
Here is what I have learned from loving a rabbit.
1| Respect
If you thought rabbits are weaklings, you have another thing coming. I have never encountered such a strong willed beast, animal nor man. In this sense, rabbits are frustrating creatures. Especially if you are used to owning a pet like a dog. Dogs, wonderful and endearing on their own, will love you immediately. A puppy will be dazzled by your every move about 7 seconds into your relationship. A rabbit, on the other hand, will be utterly unimpressed for weeks, if not months. They simply don't offer immediate gratification. You need to earn their respect, and you do that by, well, respecting them first. That is why they are so frustrating. And oh so wonderful.
Their space is their own. Their body is their own. Their affection is their own to give. You cannot force your love onto them. With every loving bone in my body, I can say that rabbits are not pets. They are companions. You don't own them. You merely bask in their glory. And that — is something one needs to get used to and learn to respect.
Love, too, requires respect. That is the fire engine behind a good, healthy, and happy relationship. Buns just know it and aren't afraid to show it.
2| Patience
Buns won't love you immediately. They won't blindly trust you. And they certainly won't let you in their lives just like that. You'll have to work for it. And work hard. That's why rabbits are actually zen masters in fluffy coating, that teach you patience like no other.
Because they are prey animals, their natural disposition is suspicion. Their mentality is of an animal always fending for itself in a hostile environment. And you, human, are just another nature element that is there to hurt them. Why should they trust you? Would you trust you?
Loving a rabbit means that you have to practice patience every day. That you have to look at the baby steps your relationship is taking, no matter how frustrating and tiny they are, as huge leaps of faith for your little fuzz-fuzz.
At first, they won't come to you, they wont eat from your hand, and they will fight for their lives to prevent becoming vulnerable. When picked up, rabbits can kick so hard that they can damage their legs, and even break their spine.
Just like in the start of relationships with other people. We all fear vulnerability. We all desire safety. Buns want to feel safe, and you need to wait until they feel that about you. If you want a happy rabbit, you need to bite your lip, and just wait. Wait for them to fear you less, and trust you just a tiny bit more every day. Weeks and weeks on end.
But when it happens — there is nothing more rewarding than a happy, hopy, and binky bunny, coming towards you with joy. Also, treats will help plea your case (Apples do wonders, I tell ya).
3| Perseverance
It's nice to have patience. But can you not only talk the talk, but walk the walk? Can you prove you're there, day in and day out? Just as in love, can you prove you'll stay when the going gets tough? You better.
The bonding process between man and bun takes a while. Getting him used to your presence, voice, and smell is a slow process. Getting him used to the house routines, feeding him, cleaning his cage and brushing him is, too, slow and seemingly unfruitful.
Sometimes it seemed that it will just never happen — we would be stuck with a creature that doesn't want to be around us. Trapped and unhappy with two big weird looking bunnies. I would get angry and frustrated when getting the cold shoulder from my bun for weeks and weeks. And then, I took a breath, and looked forward for a new day. Because things change.
This is when I learned that perseverance does wonders. Every day brought us closer. Not giving up on the bonding has proven itself. And it paid off. Little by little, every hang-out as I drank my morning coffee, every evening's play time, he revealed his character more and more. I got to see what he likes, and how to handle him with care. He got used to being put in the cage without fussing when we went to bed. It happened, finally. After about 4 months, he started trusting me, playing with me, asking for head rubs, and giving the saddest little looks when I had to leave the house. Perseverance pays off.
4| There is no I in bunny
A rabbit is a high maintenance animal. They need constant care. Just like a good piece of love in your life: rabbits need a lot of attention, work and effort. DAILY.
It means daily fresh water in his bowl and bottle. It means never forget to feed him. It means fresh hay, the good quality kind. It means a clean litter box. It means a clean cage. It means a lot of attention, care and play time. It means time, money, and effort. It means expensive vet bills. And it means that no matter how tired I am, and how rainy or unpleasant it is outside, if my bun needs some veggies or hay — I will be on that bus on the way to the city to get it. I will be cleaning stinky litter boxes like no tomorrow. My husband will drive to the good pet store to get the exactly right kind of corals for the litter box in the weekend when he just wants to rest. Loving a rabbit is like loving anything else with all your heart — it requires the sacrifice of your lazy comfort, just to see the creature you love happy.
If you own a rabbit, you might have read this article with a nod and smile. If you don't have one — run to the nearest shelter and get one. These poof-balls make life better every day. I sound like a crazy bunny lady, but all people that live with rabbits become instant fans. They teach you so much about yourself.
Sometimes Doctor Google can be your worst nightmare–revealing worst case scenarios and health horror stories that Stephen King himself couldn't conjure. Other times, having the collective medical wisdom and experience of the Interwebz at your fingertips can provide a welcome sigh of relief.
Maybe it was that whole “finding a lump in my neck that turned out to be cancer” thing, but I'm just really leery any time something the least bit strange happens. Unfortunately, pregnancy is full of strangeness and things only seem to get stranger as the trimesters wear on, so the next six months will no doubt be full of my frantic consultations with Doctor Google.
Last night Theresa and I were talking before bed and I made her laugh a few times , which caused a sharp pain in her side…right by the spot where the doctor put the microphone so we could hear our baby's heartbeat at the last appointment. She laughed a second time and it happened again. She switched positions and it happened a third time. Third time's the c harm, so I was troubled. We decided to go to sleep and see if this was still happening in the morning.
This morning, she reported that she remembered feeling it again in the middle of the night when she rolled over, so we decided it was time to pay a visit to Doctor Google and see if he could make any sense of this for us. Fortunately, he could.
I had never heard of this before, but apparently there is something called the round ligament that connects the front part of the womb to the groin. As things grow larger down there, the ligament stretches and becomes easily strained when the pregnant woman laughs , sneezes, coughs, rolls over or changes positions quickly. This causes a rubber band-like snapping that results in a sharp spasm of pain on either side of the stomach that lasts a few seconds.
Doctor Google's diagnosis perfectly matched Theresa's symptoms and experience, so I was relieved to learn that this is a completely normal side effect of pregnancy beginning in the second trimester and that I wasn't further detaching the placenta from the uterine lining every time I made her laugh or she turned over in bed.
Going through health and medical issues is a little bit like studying abroad for competency in biology or physiology instead of a foreign language. You become completely immersed in a new and unfamiliar culture with different norms and vocabulary, and you're forced to confront unexpected circumstances and make important decisions with little prior knowledge. Just as you wouldn't want to accidentally insult a native German when you're simply asking to find a bathroom, you don't want to assume your wife is on the verge of bedrest when it's just a growing pain.
So round ligament pain is a thing. I'll let my inner hypochondriac take a breather for a moment.
Like this: Like Loading...
No country has successfully reduced obesity rates in 33 years
SEATTLE—Today, 2.1 billion people – nearly 30% of the world's population – are either obese or overweight, according to a new, first-of-its kind analysis of trend data from 188 countries. The rise in global obesity rates over the last three decades has been substantial and widespread, presenting a major public health epidemic in both the developed and the developing world.
Published in The Lancet on May 29, the study, “Global, regional, and national prevalence of overweight and obesity in children and adults during 1980–2013: a systematic analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study 2013,” was conducted by an international consortium of researchers led by the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) at the University of Washington. Overweight is defined as having a Body Mass Index (BMI), or weight-to-height ratio, greater than or equal to 25 and lower than 30, while obesity is defined as having a BMI equal to or greater than 30.
The results are also available in an online tool at http://vizhub.healthdata.org/obesity.
Over the course of the study, rates of overweight and obesity among adults have increased for both men (from 29% to 37%) and women (from 30% to 38%). In developed countries, men had higher rates of overweight and obesity, while women in developing countries exhibited higher rates. Also in developed countries, the peak of obesity rates is moving to younger ages.
“Obesity is an issue affecting people of all ages and incomes, everywhere,” said Dr. Christopher Murray, director of IHME and a co-founder of the Global Burden of Disease (GBD) study. “In the last three decades, not one country has achieved success in reducing obesity rates, and we expect obesity to rise steadily as incomes rise in low- and middle-income countries in particular, unless urgent steps are taken to address this public health crisis.”
Looking at individual countries, the highest proportion of the world's obese people (13%) live in the United States. China and India together represent 15% of the world's obese population. Rates in the study were age-standardized, meaning they were adjusted for differences in population size and ages over time and across countries.
Among children and adolescents, obesity has increased substantially worldwide. Between 1980 and 2013, the prevalence of overweight or obese children and adolescents increased by nearly 50%. In 2013, more than 22% of girls and nearly 24% of boys living in developed countries were found to be overweight or obese. Rates are also on the rise among children and adolescents in the developing world, where nearly 13% of boys and more than 13% of girls are overweight or obese. Particularly high rates of child and adolescent obesity were seen in Middle Eastern and North African countries, notably among girls.
“The rise in obesity among children is especially troubling in so many low- and middle-income countries,” said Marie Ng, Assistant Professor of Global Health at IHME and the paper's lead author. “We know that there are severe downstream health effects from childhood obesity, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and many cancers. We need to be thinking now about how to turn this trend around.”
Regionally, countries in the Middle East and North Africa, Central America, and Island nations in the Pacific and Caribbean have already reached exceptionally high rates of overweight and obesity – 44% or higher. In 2013, the highest rates of overweight and obesity were seen in the Middle East and North Africa, where more than 58% of men and 65% of women age 20 or older were found to be either overweight or obese. More than two-thirds of the countries in the region had overweight and obesity rates of over 50% in adult men and women. In Central America, more than 57% of adult men and more than 65% of adult women were overweight or obese, with the highest prevalence – greater than 50% among men and women – found in Colombia, Costa Rica, and Mexico. In the Pacific Islands, nearly 44% of men and more than 51% of women are overweight or obese, as are nearly 38% of men and more than 50% of women in the Caribbean.
While the percentage of people who are either overweight or obese has risen substantially over the last 30 years, there have been marked variations across regions and countries. In developed countries, increases in obesity that began in the 1980s and accelerated from 1992 to 2002 have slowed since 2006. Conversely, in developing countries, where almost two-thirds of the world's obese people currently live, increases are likely to continue.
Key findings:
More than 50% of the world's 671 million obese live in 10 countries (ranked beginning with the countries with the most obese people): US, China, India, Russia, Brazil, Mexico, Egypt, Germany, Pakistan, and Indonesia.
The US, United Kingdom, and Australia are among the high-income countries with large gains in obesity among men and women.
Over the 33-year period of research, the Middle East showed large increases in obesity. Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Oman, and Kuwait were among the countries with the largest increases in obesity globally.
In six countries, all in the Middle East and Oceania – Kuwait, Kiribati, the Federated States of Micronesia, Libya, Qatar, and Samoa – the prevalence of obesity for women exceeds 50%. In Tonga, both men and women have obesity prevalence over 50%.
In sub-Saharan Africa, the highest obesity rates (42%) are seen among South African women.
Health risks such as cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, osteoarthritis, and chronic kidney disease increase when a person's BMI exceeds 23. In 2010, obesity and overweight were estimated to have caused 3.4 million deaths, most of which were from cardiovascular causes. Research indicates that if left unchecked, the rise in obesity could lead to future declines in life expectancy.
Download the study at http://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(14)60460-8/abstract
The online data visualization tool is available at http://vizhub.healthdata.org/obesity
The Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) is an independent global health research organization at the University of Washington that provides rigorous and comparable measurement of the world's most important health problems and evaluates the strategies used to address them. IHME makes this information widely available so that policymakers have the evidence they need to make informed decisions about how to allocate resources to best improve population health.
Media contacts:
William Heisel, IHME
+1-206-897-2886
[email protected]
Mala Persaud, GMMB
[email protected]
+1-202-841-9336
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban has accused the European Union of “openly siding with terrorists” as the battle between his government and Brussels continues to escalate, with the migrant crisis and ‘refugee resettlement' being the core issue at hand.
“Brussels is openly siding with terrorists,” declared Orban in an address to Hungarian parliament. “Those who support migration, want to demolish the fence and would let migrants of uncertain origin, identity and motivation settle in Hungary are acting against the Hungarian nation.”
“As long as I am the Prime Minister of Hungary and stand here, so will the border fence on the southern border.”
Hungary has been in the process of fortifying its physical border security, including implementation of an electrified fence on their border with Serbia, Infowars reported last month.
“Hungarian media was tipped off when border officials installed new electrocution warning signs in Arabic, Hungarian and Serbian on the fence,” wrote Kit Daniels. “The Hungarian government said it would further equip the fence with ‘night vision cameras, thermal imaging cameras, and motion detection systems.'”
Orban drew a clear distinction between his policy of defending Hungary and Europe from an invasion of economic migrants and potential criminals from Africa and the Middle East, and the position of the EU government-media complex which defames all forms of nationalism, protectionism and anti-globalism as ‘racist,' ‘extremist' and somehow ‘anti-European.'
“Hungary is not, and has never been, anti-European,” he said. “Quite the contrary, the government represents a true European position, protecting the current European treaty, including the original sharing of competences between the member states and Brussels.”
“It is Brussels rather than Hungary that has changed its position.”
“We want a Hungarian Hungary and a European Europe,” he continued. “We cannot allow Brussels to take over managing our affairs.”
Orban's administration is under siege from Brussels, who have initiated legal proceedings after Hungary, along with Poland and the Czech Republic, refused to accept ‘refugee resettlement' quotas.
Budapest is also locked in battle with George Soros as the Hungarian-born, former Nazi asset, attempts to destabilize the country and Europe at large through his network of NGOs and operatives, and a push for an ‘open society' with unbridled immigration and complete adherence to the destructive policies set forth by unelected EU bureaucrats.
Spotted in Budapest: billboards depicting Socialist party figurehead/2018 Orban opponent László Botka as puppet of George #Soros #SlavRight pic.twitter.com/CAg041lwxQ — Dan Lyman (@CitizenAnalyst) June 2, 2017
“Let's not risk [Hungary's future] for the sake of some foggy utopia, call it the United States of Europe, open society or whatever else,” said Orban, in reference to both Soros and the EU's goals, echoing his own sentiments expressed in an interview in April, in which he said, “So let me repeat: these [open borders theories] are conceived in the Soros workshop, and these have also infiltrated a number of international institutions.”
“We must make their operations transparent, and we must make clear that often it's not about the principles of human rights, but about greed and the migrant business.”
Orban's statements were bolstered by his human resources minister, Zoltán Balog, who told Polish outlet wSieci that the European Commission is “incompetent, helpless and weak” in its handling of the migrant crisis.
“Balog said that ‘several million people are heading for Europe' and the community should come up with clear rules of immigration, but ‘it is up to member states to decide who they want to live together with,'” reports Daily News Hungary. “Hungary will fight ‘arbitrary measures' by the EU and ‘it will do its utmost' because it thinks that ‘migrant quotas are illegitimate and hazardous.'”
Quick-tro
In my previous blog post Why Your Next Cloud App Will Probably Suck Without…Unit Testing, we gave an overview promoting the benefits of unit tests, and how these small, simple actions can make a big difference in getting bug-free, solidly-built applications out the door.
After reading this, I can assume that you have jumped out of your chair and started frantically writing them for your big enterprise project, right? Well, stop now!
Before writing a single unit test, it's necessary to determine exactly what to test. A big enterprise application can hold a billion lines of code, so do you think it's realistic to write tests for everything? Not exactly. So, it's important to make sure your tests are focused on what actually matters to you, your app and your users.
What you should NOT test
You can spend your entire life testing away if you like, but it's probably best to to make some assumptions in the beginning to save yourself some time. After all, if you end on testing your own database all the time, then you've got bigger problems than error-free app deployment. So before explaining where you should focus your unit testing efforts, let's see what you should NOT test and get it out of the way first.
I'll ask you to trust my 8 years in software development when I say you should NOT write units tests for:
Other framework libraries (you should assume they work correctly) The database (you should assume it works correctly when it is available) Other external resources (again you assume they work correctly when available) Really trivial code (like getters and setters for example) Code that has non deterministic results (Think Thread order or random numbers) Code that deals only with UI (e.g. Swing toolkit, Wicket)
Funny story: When I was just starting to get into code and learned about unit tests, the first thing I did was write a test that saved an Entity on the database using Hibernate, read it back and then verified that it is the same. Turns out that writing unit tests against your own database or Hibernate is not very productive. Awesome :-/
What you SHOULD test
One of the golden rules of unit testing is that your tests should cover code with “business logic”. Here is the typical flow in a back-end processing system. Your web application could look like this:
In this case, the highlighted part in gold is where you should focus your testing efforts. This is the part of the code where usually most bugs manifest. It is also the part that changes a lot as user requirements change since it is specific to your application.
So what happens if you get across a legacy application with no unit tests? What if the “business logic” part ends up being thousands of lines of code? Where do you start?
In this case you should prioritize things a bit and just write tests for the following:
Core code that is accessed by a lot of other modules Code that seems to gather a lot of bugs Code that changes by multiple different developers (often to accommodate new requirements)
How much of the code in these areas should we test, you might ask. Well, now that we know which areas to focus on, we can now start to analyze just how much testing we need to feel confident about our code.
Code coverage: How much is enough/too much?
A useful metric that shows what part of your code is “touched” by unit tests is Code Coverage. Code coverage is the percentage that shows to what depth your internal checks affect your Java classes. To obtain this metric, you can run one of multiple tools available for this purpose.
For you Eclipse users out there, an easy way to find code coverage is to install the Eclemma plugin from the Eclipse Marketplace. In our previous post on unit tests, we ran tests on a simple calculation for determining the weight of basket or shopping cart for an e-shop, so we will continue with this example in this post.
With Eclemma, right-click on your unit test as shown before in our previous post on unit tests, but this time choose the “Coverage as” option.
After the unit test runs properly you will see these results:
As you can see, for the BasketWeightCalculator class we reach 100% coverage. If we select only one test and run the coverage again we get a different percentage:
The image shows that we are missing the “if” statement in the code, the red color indicating that tests on this part were not run at all. The part in yellow is for code that was run and tested for one condition, but not for the other.
Determining the right amount of code coverage
Getting a 100% code coverage on the whole application is a bit unrealistic. A more realistic example is 60%-70%, assuming that this is your business logic code; however, depending on the kind of application, even that high of a % might be too time consuming.
I tend to follow the Pareto principle as a good rule of thumb (the 80-20 rule) so that I can be sure to get code coverage of at least 20%. This 20% should be the “heart” of your application, e.g. code that changes often, breaks often and is a dependency to most other system components.
I can hear some of the more senior developers out there saying, “Aren't you going to mention cyclomatic complexity as a metric for understanding how to write easier tests?” But this extends into other camps as well, so I'd prefer to cover that in another post on another day.
Learn which tools rock!
As an additional section, I wanted to share with you a few advanced unit testing techniques that I've relied on a lot in the past. In our previous post on unit testing, we introduced JUnit and showed its basic capabilities.
JUnit luckily has several helper annotations that can cut down a lot on the amount of code you have to write. (N.B. if your application still uses JUnit 3.x, upgrade to JUnit 4.x NOW. The new features will save you a lot of time in the long run.)
Assume that you have already implemented a class that checks the validity for URLs called MyUriValidator . The class needs several statements to set up correctly. So your first attempt for a unit test might be:
public class MyUriValidatorTest { @Test public void test1() { MyUriValidator myValidator = new MyUriValidator(); myValidator.allowFileUrls(true); myValidator.allowInternationlizedDomains(false); myValidator.allowReservedDomains(false); myValidator.allowCustomPorts(true); assertTrue("Domain is valid",myValidator.isValidUrl("http://www.google.com")); } @Test public void test2() { MyUriValidator myValidator = new MyUriValidator(); myValidator.allowFileUrls(true); myValidator.allowInternationlizedDomains(false); myValidator.allowReservedDomains(false); myValidator.allowCustomPorts(true); assertTrue("Domain is valid",myValidator.isValidUrl("file://home/users")); } @Test public void test3() { MyUriValidator myValidator = new MyUriValidator(); myValidator.allowFileUrls(true); myValidator.allowInternationlizedDomains(false); myValidator.allowReservedDomains(false); myValidator.allowCustomPorts(true); assertFalse("Domain is invalid",myValidator.isValidUrl("http://localhost:8080/")); }
There is clearly a lot of code of duplication here. JUnit has a @Before annotation for code that runs automatically before each test method. So your test can be simplified to:
public class MyUriValidatorTest { private MyUriValidator myValidator = null; @Before public void beforeEachTest() { //Name of method does not actually matter myValidator = new MyUriValidator(); myValidator.allowFileUrls(true); myValidator.allowInternationlizedDomains(false); myValidator.allowReservedDomains(false); myValidator.allowCustomPorts(true); } @Test public void test1() { assertTrue("Domain is valid", myValidator.isValidUrl("http://www.google.com")); } @Test public void test2() { assertTrue("Domain is valid", myValidator.isValidUrl("file://home/users")); } @Test public void test3() { assertFalse("Domain is invalid", myValidator.isValidUrl("http://localhost:8080/")); } }
There is also the respective @After annotation (runs after each test), as well as @BeforeClass and @AfterClass annotations for code that runs ONCE before/after all tests.
So now we have an improved version. But even so, we have to create a new method each time a new URL needs to be tested. JUnit supports parameterised tests where you write a general test method once and then there is a separate method that provides the data.
Here is this approach for that:
@RunWith(Parameterized.class) public class MyUriValidatorTest { private MyUriValidator myValidator = null; private String uriTestedNow =null; private boolean expectedResult = false; public MyUriValidatorTest(String uriTestedNow,boolean expectedResult) { this.uriTestedNow = uriTestedNow; this.expectedResult = expectedResult; } @Parameters public static Collection data() { /* First element is the URI, second is the expected result */ List uriToBeTested = Arrays.asList(new Object[][] { { "http://www.google.com", true }, { "file://home/users", true }, { "http://staging:8080/sample", true }, {"http://localhost:8080/", false } }); return uriToBeTested; } @Before public void beforeEachTest() { myValidator = new MyUriValidator(); myValidator.allowFileUrls(true); myValidator.allowInternationlizedDomains(false); myValidator.allowReservedDomains(false); myValidator.allowCustomPorts(true); } @Test public void testCurrentUri() { assertEquals("Testing for "+uriTestedNow, expectedResult,myValidator.isValidUrl(uriTestedNow)); } }
As you can see, adding a new URL is a single line change in the the method annotated as Parameters. You should examine all the capabilities of JUnit as contained in the WIKI.
Be sure not to miss Exception Testing, Theories, Rules and Categories.
For even more advanced capabilities check out TestNG which is a lot more advanced than JUnit. In fact JUnit is playing catch-up and some features of the latest versions are stolen/inspired (take your pick) from TestNG.
Closing remarks…
In this post we offered you some hints on which code you should test and which you should ignore. We also introduced the notion of code coverage and gave our recommendation for how much of the total code you should deal with. From the final example you should also see that investing some time in learning how to properly utilize unit testing features with JUnit, or if you feel more adventurous, TestNG, is highly recommended.
In future posts, we will look at how to write testable code (so that the unit tests you prepare to cover it are easier to write), the concept of mocking and when we need to use it. Thanks for tuning in–feel free to leave comments below, or reach me at kostis.kapelonis@zeroturnaround.com.
President Trump's oldest son blasted the mayor of London on Wednesday — hours after a terrorist killed three people outside Parliament — twisting several comments the mayor made six months ago that such attacks should be expected.
Terror attacks are “part and parcel of living in a big city,” Mayor Sadiq Khan said to the Evening Standard in September, following a bomb explosion in Chelsea in Manhattan that injured 29 people. “It is a reality I'm afraid that London, New York, other major cities around the world have got to be prepared for these sorts of things. That means being vigilant, having a police force that is in touch with communities, it means the security services being ready, but it also means exchanging ideas and best practice,” said Khan, who has called President Trump's take on Muslims “ignorant.”
“You have to be kidding me?!: Terror attacks are part of living in big city, says London Mayor Sadiq Khan,” Donald Trump Jr. tweeted and linked to Khan's earlier comments.
The Commission is close to finalising proposals for economic and trade sanctions regarding Crimea, the Ukrainian peninsula occupied by Russia. A final decision by member states is expected soon, diplomats told EURACTIV.
At their meeting held yesterday (14 April), EU ministers said they were looking forward to the Commission's evaluation of the legal consequences of the annexation of Crimea by Russia, and to the related proposals for economic, trade and financial restrictions regarding the peninsula.
According to EU diplomats, Crimea is “occupied territory” comparable to the Palestinian territories occupied by Israel since June 1967.
Regarding trade, the same kind of restrictions for the occupied Palestinian territories will apply, diplomats said. Products originating in the Israeli settlements in the West-Bank, Gaza Strip, East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights are not entitled to benefit from preferential tariff treatment under the EU-Israel Association Agreement.
Regarding travel, it is likely that no EU airlines will fly to Crimea, or overfly its territory, and no EU ships would dock in the peninsula ports. In fact, overflights of Crimea by aircraft of EU countries have been stopped since Ukraine lost the control over the peninusla's airspace.
The EU measures are intended to deliver the message that the Union doesn't regard Crimea's new status as part of the Russian Federation as a “fait accompli”. Moreover, the EU has no intention to help the Russian authorities in promoting Crimea as a “special economic zone”, a tax haven, a tourist destination or whatever initiatives the Kremlin might have planned for the peninsula.
Also, the European Commission wishes to avoid having individual member states enticed by Russian proposals to do business, or start regular flights to a territory which the Union considers as occupied.
The restrictions regarding Crimea are unrelated to the “third level of sanctions” expected to hit Russia's economy in the case Russia escalates the Ukraine crisis further. The Czech Foreign Minister, Lubomír Zaorálek, recently said that the new sanctions would be triggered in the case Russia crosses Ukraine's mainland border.
The Russian authorities have already decided that Crimea would be given a tax break for at least 6 years, and that big investors will be provided with many incentives. One of the ideas under discussion is to transform the peninsula into the “European Las Vegas”, by building a powerful casino industry, using the construction-building potential that erected the infrastructure for the Sochi Olympics.
Russian companies have also reportedly been asked by the Kremlin to send their employees for holidays to Crimea, instead of the usual destinations of Turkey and Cyprus. Crimea has reportedly had 6 million tourists in 2012, of which 4 million were Ukrainian. A major drop in the number of tourists is expected for the current year.
The Commission proposals are in a very advanced stage of preparation, and they could most probably be adopted on the occasion of an emergency EU summit, to be possibly held next week.
In the meantime, the names of the four Ukrainians officials added to a list of persons under visa ban and asset freeze has become public. Those are Serhiy Arbuzov, a deputy Prime Minister who served as Prime Minister just for a month before President Viktor Yanukovich fled the country, Yuriy Ivanyushcheko, an MP from Yanukovich's Party of the Regions, Oleksandr Klymenko, a former minister of revenues and former energy minister Edward Stavytskyi.
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Indiana's Cody Zeller turned down one chance to play in the NBA. He couldn't say no twice.
The 7-foot sophomore center who returned to school last fall for one more shot at a national championship announced Wednesday he is leaving college early to enter the NBA draft. The reason was simple.
"The leaders that I came in looking up to and copying their work ethic were Vic, Christian (Watford), Jordan (Hulls), Derek (Elston), a lot of those older guys that are leaving now," Zeller said explaining the difference between last year's decision and this year's. "IU will have a great year next year, but the guys I was closest to are graduating."
The decision was first announced on the website of his family's business shortly before the news conference at Assembly Hall. Zeller said he was eager to start working with the Christian basketball camps being run by his parents and two older brothers, something the youngest Zeller said NCAA rules barred him from participating even though the organization is considered a nonprofit.
Zeller's announcement came 24 hours after 6-foot-5 junior Victor Oladipo announced he was turning pro, too, in the exact same spot -- at midcourt inside Assembly Hall with the school's five national championship banners clearly visible in the background.
These Hoosiers wanted to add a sixth banner but that quest fell short when East Regional champion Syracuse beat the Hoosiers in the regional semifinals. Yet when Zeller walked off the court in Washington that night, he was already pretty sure he had played his last college game.
"After a while, you just kind of know," he said when asked about the timing of his decision. "Barring injury, I kind of knew it might be my last year, so I enjoyed every minute of it. There was a sense of accomplishment playing my last game at Assembly Hall, playing in my last (NCAA) tournament."
The early departures mean Indiana will have a very different look from the teams that won 56 games and reached the NCAA tournament's regional semifinals each of the last two seasons.
Coach Tom Crean must replace four 1,000-point scorers -- Hulls and Watford, both seniors, Oladipo and now Zeller. They were Indiana's top four scorers last season and accounted for nearly two-thirds of the Hoosiers' points.
The cornerstone, though, was Zeller, the highly-touted high school player who turned down North Carolina and Butler to lay the groundwork in Crean's grand rebuilding project.
Zeller lived up to the billing in almost every possible way. In the three years before Zeller's arrival, Crean's teams won just 28 games and didn't make a postseason appearance. With Zeller, the Hoosiers re-emerged as a Top 25 program, a Big Ten title contender and a player on the national stage. He finished with 1,157 career points and leaves as the Hoosiers' career leader in field goal percentage (59.7 percent).
But the impact he made went far deeper than any numbers.
"What Cody means to Indiana, it's much like Victor, it's hard to describe it and it's hard to put it into words, but what Cody has done has helped raise the level of every person in this program -- every coach, every player, every manager and that's not an easy feat," Crean said. "He's really come in here and left his mark on this program and it's one that will stand for a very, very long time."
Zeller is set to become the third Zeller boy to play in the NBA. His oldest brother, Luke, spent part of this season with the Phoenix Suns and his other brother, Tyler, is becoming a key cog for the Cleveland Cavaliers, who just happened to be playing in Indianapolis on Tuesday night.
Cody Zeller could have been a lottery pick last season but returned to Bloomington heavier and stronger. All he did was lead the nation's preseason No. 1 team in scoring (16.5 points), rebounding (8.1) and blocks (45) while shooting 56.2 percent from the field and 75.7 percent from the free throw line. Zeller even finished second on the team in steals (37).
But Zeller also found out how rugged life can be in the Big Ten when you're the target. Only seven Division I players attempted more free throws during the regular season than Zeller's 241 in 2012-13, and he often wound up crashing hard to the floor.
With scouts still projecting him as a lottery pick in June, Zeller made the safe choice.
"That's basketball, (injuries) can happen at any time," Zeller said. "It's part of the game, part of what goes into the decision, and that was the risk of coming back this year, too."
Where exactly Zeller falls in the draft will likely be determined on the workout circuit. Zeller said he intends to trade notes with Oladipo as the two vie to be top-10 picks and promised to finish his degree by completing two summer sessions and six credits of online work.
While athletic 7-footers such as Zeller are a rare commodity, the transition from being known around as campus as "The Big Handsome" to being just another NBA rookie comes with many potential pitfalls. Some analysts believe Zeller still needs to get bigger and stronger and must figure out how to play through contact. And should Zeller need any additional advice on what it will take to make it, he can make a couple of phone calls.
"It's a huge adjustment because you're not always the biggest and strongest. You're playing against grown men every night," Tyler Zeller said after Wednesday night's loss to the Pacers.
The youngest Zeller, Indiana's 2011 Mr. Basketball and a three-time state champ, is ready to give it a try.
"I think the guys kind of expected it," Zeller said. "The people who helped me the most, I asked them to put themselves in my shoes and asked what they would do. A lot of them, a lot of teammates told me they would go."
Balance between classes in Guild Wars 2 is an always changing thing. We managed to take questions from community members like Metabattle and PVE Specialist to probe ArenaNet for their thoughts on the matter. Read on for some insight...
advertisement advertisement
MMORPG: Condition damage, like any damage over time, is designed to be more powerful the longer a fight goes for. Is there any concern that current condition based builds are dishing out their damage too quickly?
ArenaNet: In a recent AMA, Irenio Calmon-Huang laid out our intentions regarding condition builds.
Power is intended to be more spike damage-centric, wheras Condi is meant to be more ramping, sustained damage. Currently there are some issues with how quickly condition damage can be spiked up, negating the benefits of power damage.
If I presented you with a power skill that dealt 1,000 damage instantaneously and a condition one that dealt 1,000 damage over 4 seconds there wouldn't be a question about what build to choose; you'd go with the instant option every time. Not counting other effects, condition skills must inflict more damage over their duration in order to make power vs. condi into a real choice.
Moving forward we'll be aiming changes to bring a bit more parity between the options through the ramp time and using that to emphasize some of the differences. That said, a fundamental issue is that foes whose health pools allow them to survive a significant amount of time (beyond the point of condition stack ramping) are going to favor condition builds unless they specifically have mechanics which deal with conditions.
MMORPG: How much does community feedback through official forums, reddit and in game, impact the team's decision making? Does this ever create a feeling of unrealistic expectations that clashes with the team's plans?
Karl McLain: The team gets feedback from a variety of ways. Forums, Reddit, Discord, media outlets, direct communication in game, Vulcan mind-melds… we get a lot of it, and it's easy to get lost in. When making changes, if we run across valid feedback on the area of interest that could potentially change the design direction we'll do some evaluation by comparing it against other feedback, analytics, spreadsheet values, and a few other points. Feedback and general player discussion definitely does influence us. While it may not seem like we listen to players at times, this is due to how large the playerbase is and the variety of feedback that comes in as a result. Feedback can differ in the extremes even from players playing the same game mode using the same profession. We can listen to both pieces of feedback, but we may only act on one or the other (or neither of them if we don't feel it's a solid direction for the game).
As for creating unrealistic expectations, feedback and ideas posted in forums and on Reddit can definitely frame player expectations in ways which are hyperbolic or run counter to profession goals.
Metabattle Team: How much does the current metagame impact balance choices from the team? Is the balance directed strictly at currently used builds and setups, or is the team constantly looking at new ways to update and refresh underutilized specializations?
Karl McLain: The team does indeed keep an eye on popular builds found on websites like Metabattle and takes them into account when making balance updates. When approaching balance updates, we try to not improve already strong builds as much, but instead make efforts to improve lesser-used aspects of the combat system. Sometimes strong traits or skills are increased, but these improvements are generally made to help support less popular builds and it ends up being more of a coincidence. We're constantly on the lookout for builds that are just out of reach or are waiting to be discovered!
PvE Specialist: When the team created instanced content such as high-level fractals and raids, what was their vision for class diversity? How has that changed and adapted as the game evolved through expansions?
Jason Reynolds: A core tenant of Guild Wars 2 gameplay is that each class can essentially perform everything they need to play the game. Each class needs to feel thematically and mechanically unique, but they also need to be self-sufficient. That's a critical component of designing for instanced group content. Making sure no class is explicitly cut out of an encounter due to a mechanic is always at the forefront of our design process. For example, we won't create an encounter that requires players to use Memser portals to complete.
As we were developing Raids early on we wanted the players to feel comfortable bringing whatever they enjoy playing. To achieve this we focused on developing Build and Play Roles into all our encounters. A Build Role will define what skills player are encouraged to bring: condition cleanses, stun breaks, crowd control, etc. Play Roles are where we get to be more creative, and typically they define mechanics in an encounter. They can be as simple as clustering a few players at a specific point to prevent raid-wide damage, or more interactive like smashing an orb with your attacks to move it through goal posts. What's important is that these Play Roles encourage fun game play, and don't punish players for playing the class they enjoy playing.
Overall, that design principle hasn't changed. Raids and fractals remain mostly unaffected as far as balance is concerned because we are able to design them around game play mechanics, and not around what unique class gimmicks are being brought. It is possible to run all raid and fractal encounters with a full Thief party - and those videos are amazing to watch.
Two-man studio Refactored gave us quite some cause for excitement when they recently showed off their extra-terrestrial colonisation strategy and survival game, Unclaimed World. With ambitious things being said, and Dwarf Fortress being referenced, I realised we had to find out more. I spoke to Morten Pedersen.
RPS: First up, can you talk us through who you guys are, and how you came to be making Unclaimed World? (And what was your inspiration?)
Pedersen: Lars, our programmer, after trying Dwarf Fortress once, started Unclaimed World as a spare time project just for fun. The goal was to make a game where almost everything was simulated. As a trade-off, the graphics were very simple: top-down 2D graphics. After a few months, I suggested that I make the graphics, but wanted it to be from a slanted perspective, not top-down. To achieve this, we needed to either draw isometric characters, make pre-rendered images of 3D models or load 3D models into the game. We chose the last option, which made the scope grow considerably.
In the beginning, Lars thought of making a post-apocalyptic setting, where there was a lot of focus on scavenging and improvised production. After a few months he decided on the setting we have now. It is somewhat inspired by an older science fiction book by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle called The Legacy of Heorot. This decision increased the scope again, because we needed to design a whole new alien world (obviously we don't use the book's creations, we invent our own.)
For the nature concepts I looked at marine creatures and corals for inspiration. For example we have an order of land animals that are symmetrical on two axes (seen from the top they are square-shaped, with a leg in each corner). This means they have no front and back and don't need to turn when they change direction. The low-tech look of the settlements and their vehicles express the fact that the pioneers use simple, rugged designs that are easy to service and replace. Everything they use needs to be something they can produce themselves, therefore the technology level on the planet is lower than what you would expect to find on Earth at the same time in the future.
The first UI design that you see in teaser number one from 2010, reflected this idea and was half-heartedly inspired by late Seventies sci-fi such as Alien. It was rather blocky, but I'm now changing the look of the UI, making it look like more contemporary sci-fi. I'm also going to develop more futuristic architecture for the settlements that they build in the next expansions.
The drawing style of the in-game graphics with the black outline and some cross-hatching is inspired by comic book artists like Moebius and Enki Bilal.
RPS: Can you talk us through how a typical game of Unclaimed World would play? What does the player have to do, and what problems do they face?
Pedersen: In the first release of the game, we depict a survival scenario. So you need to survive somehow with the resources you have at the beginning: You have a handful of people and a crashed aircraft which is equipped with basic survival gear such as a fire extinguisher, some tools, provisions etc. You have some advanced scanners and “sniffer” gadgets as well as weapons: homing bullet rifles and guns. You need to keep your people alive until help arrives – might be half a year.
The way you play the game is by setting orders on the map. You don't control the people directly, they will decide how to carry out the orders.
You start exploring the environment to find out what kind of creatures are nearby, could they pose a threat or is it okay to setup camp in the wreck? You set up sensors around the camp. You set policies such as guard duty, level of rationing, order some repairs, decide what food to prepare and then during the night, you watch the camp members fend off nocturnal predators if they appear. Next morning it's time to do some more exploring. You forage by “painting” a zone on the ground and indicating what items you want to be gathered – fruits, mushrooms, firewood, branches, etc.
You can set traps. You might decide to move camp if the crash site is a bad place to stay. Maybe there are harmful creatures in the area or it's too far from food sources. You can start picking the aircraft apart, (it's not going to fly again) stripping it for useful materials and set up camp somewhere else, building bivouacs and some fences. You craft machetes, spears, bows and arrows. You can send your people out to find suitable prey and hunt it. Butcher the animal away from the camp so it doesn't attract predators. Then bring the meat back to camp and cook it.
Instead of killing every animal you meet, it might also be a good idea to follow them because they can lead you to better food sources.
RPS: Referencing Dwarf Fortress seems like a bold move, especially when the ASCII game is such a complex simulation – what would you say that your game does in a similar way?
Pedersen: We want to have the same free-form gameplay in a simulated world with independent agents. That's the main similarity. We also strive for realism. Instead of inventing gameplay mechanics, we try to simulate the real world when it's possible. Obviously we will never have the same number of features as Dwarf Fortress because of the limitations set by the graphics. But if the game is successful we will keep expanding it with more features.
RPS: You guys have been working on Unclaimed World for a while now, how close is it to being finished?
Pedersen: You mean ready for the first release? It is starting to come together now. A lot of the features that were developed over the years will be left out for the first release – such as vehicle transportation – instead we are adding other features to make it a more streamlined experience.
RPS: How are you making the world? I see you are not procedurally generating it, as many small teams might have been tempted to do…
Pedersen: Procedural generation is a project in itself. We found that the easiest way to make a good looking map with the assets that we have was to enter the data ourselves. So we have a map editor inside the game for this purpose. Down the road, we could start making a procedural map generator. It would probably be very basic at first. Procedurally generating stats for plants, animals and so on is also something we are looking into. But this task could also be handled by modders to begin with.
RPS: Should we expect mods?
Pedersen: To some degree. The game data is moddable but we have not yet found a way to include new art assets such as sprites and models.
RPS: What has been the hardest challenging in building a game like this?
Pedersen: Getting the 3D model pipeline up and running has been a big challenge for us, because we didn't have any prior experience with 3D in games. Making the terrain look the way we wanted by setting up an engine that could render all the tree sprites, terrain types and water has also taken a lot of work.
Getting the fundamental AI in place so the NPCs can handle most situations without appearing stupid! Managing CPU performance while collecting all the data the AI needs for this purpose was also hard.
Pedersen: The survival features should be in the game for a reason. And that reason is – that when there is a lack of resources, the player should still be able to fall back on more improvised methods. So the survival strategies should fit in with the rest of the economy in the game. In Unclaimed World for instance, there will often be a range of tools that can be used for a particular job. You are seldom completely without options just because you lack a particular tool.
Exploration takes place on many levels. It is not just about scouting the terrain. In our game what we want to do is have layers of information about the surroundings gradually revealed to the player, because a piece of land is rarely fully explored, there is always new information left to reveal.
First off, we have general information about the terrain – this means, where are the forests, the hills, the grassland, the coasts, the lakes etc. The pioneers have this information from the initial scan of the planet. This information is always available in the Fog of War.
Next – What can they see at a quick glance – there's a radius around the pioneers and their sensors, similar to the lit up area you see in the typical RTS. Within this radius, animals above a certain size are visible – if they don't try to sneak up on you.
Now, when a colonist has spent some time scouting or foraging an area, more information will appear about resources such as fruits, berries, mushrooms, firewood etc. Smaller animals also appear. This is all dependent on skill – some entities can detect food underground or smell blood, other entities have a skill to stay hidden. Many factors are in play when exploring an area. On top of the exploration levels is the research level – this is something that we might not get around to doing in the demo, it deals with the fact that much of the flora and fauna is unknown and the player needs to investigate and research the phenomena before he gets any facts about nutrition, toxins and so on, and also name them.
RPS: I can't wait to see more. Thanks for your time.
Copyright
All content on this site is published under the Creative Commons: Attribution – Non-Commercial – Share Alike License except where specifically stated. This blog does not accept any form of advertising, sponsorship, or paid insertions. I write for my own purposes. However, I may be influenced by my background, occupation or experience. The owner of this blog is not compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the blog owners. If I claim or appear to be expert on a certain topic or product or service area, I will only endorse products or services that I believe, based on my expertise, are worthy of such endorsement. This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest. For policy see: http://www.disclosurepolicy.org
Calgary Foothills FC head coach Tommy Wheeldon Jr. believes his club's new field house, with it's FIFA-sized indoor pitch, further strengthens the state of soccer in Calgary.
“We want to improve our winter season,” said Wheeldon, during an interview with Total Soccer Project last month. “We want the real turf. We just want to help change the game and not be forced to just play in school gyms or carpeted arenas.”
Wheeldon Jr. also believes his club, along with the new field house, would be able to provide support if a Calgary team was to join the proposed Canadian Premier League.
“If a Canadian Premier League team does come to Calgary, we're ready with an infrastructure to support it,” said Wheeldon, who also serves as Calgary Foothills Soccer Club‘s technical director. “I think the guiding principal (of the Canadian Premier League) is to provide more opportunities for Canadian players.”
Currently Canada only has five professional soccer clubs – Toronto FC (MLS), Vancouver Whitecaps (MLS), Montreal Impact (MLS), Ottawa Fury (USL) and FC Edmonton (NASL). Wheeldon believes this can be improved.
“That's not a lot of room for Canadians,” said Wheeldon. “If we (Canada) are to have a joint bid with US and Mexico for (World Cup) 2026, we actually need to develop a bigger pool of players. How do you do that? You have your own league.”
The Canadian Premier League is tentatively set to kick off in 2018, after the Russia World Cup.
Watch video for full interview.
Sign up to receive free Calgary Foothills FC news via email
Follow Stuart Gradon: @StuGradonPhoto
Follow Total Soccer Project: @TSoccerProject
Republicans may be reluctant to fully take on President Donald Trump, but that doesn't mean the scandal involving his presidential campaign's contacts with individuals connected to the Russian government will simply go away.
At least 18 calls and emails took place between Russians and members of the Trump campaign between April and November 2016, according to a new report by Reuters. Michael Flynn, the former national security adviser who was forced to resign in February after it was revealed that he had lied to Vice President Mike Pence about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, was among the Trump campaign members who corresponded with Russians during this period. Of the 18 communications, six of them were phone calls between Kislyak and Trump advisers (including Flynn).
Advertisement:
[salon_video id="14768243"]
These interactions had not been previously disclosed by the Trump campaign, which in January claimed there had been no communication between themselves and Russian officials during that election. They later revised that, admitting to four meetings between Kislyak and members of the Trump team had occurred during that period.
The 18 interactions are considered to be part of the larger body of information that is currently comprising investigations into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election by both the FBI and investigators in Congress. While the current and former American officials who reported this to Reuters say that they have not seen evidence of criminal activity in the communications themselves, the fact that these exchanges contradict the Trump campaign's initial version of events inevitably arouses suspicion and increases the desire for a full account of the relationship between the Trump campaign and Russian government.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
In August of 2015, Walt Disney World announced the Frozen themed additions at the D23 Expo 2015 Parks and Resort Convention. Here is a video that better describes the vision of the new Norway Pavilion.
One of the other new additions will include a new character greeting location where guests will have the chance to meet the royal sisters, Anna and Elsa. The Royal Sommerhus is to be over 13,000 square feet and is expected to open in the spring.
The construction walls are even decorated with Frozen inspired banners!
Under the construction walls, you can see some of the building shapes coming together.
VIDEO:
Taking the place of the beloved attraction, Maelstrom, the new Frozen ride is to be called “Frozen Ever After.”
The new ride is scheduled to open this spring. Guests will be transported to the Summer Celebration where Queen Elsa creates a special day for the Kingdom of Arendelle. Guests will also visit Elsa's Ice Palace while riding this attraction.
Are you ready for the new additions to the Norway pavilion to open?
GSoC2011
Digital Mars participates in the 2011 Google Summer of Code program
Good news for the D community worldwide—Digital Mars (the main driver behind the D programming language) has been accepted into the 2011 Google Summer of Code program.
We welcome student and mentor applications for any project that adds value to the D programming language environment. That includes the compiler, the standard library, additional library support, interoperability, editor and IDE support, and more. Applications being discussed concern support for the Apache Thrift protocol, an ANTLR parser for D, and standard containers. Please refer to the ideas page for possible projects, but by all means feel free to bring your own. Discuss any initiative you may have with the vibrant D community on the digitalmars.D forum.
Mentors
Mentor applicants should be domain experts and/or seasoned users of the D programming language. Experience with managing or teaching is helpful. Knowledge of D is not a strict requirement because we already have student applicants who are fluent in D but need specialized guidance in project-specific topics.
Mentors should include a resumé unless they are well known within the programming community at large, or within the D community.
Curent mentors: Walter Bright (Digital Mars), Andrei Alexandrescu (Facebook), Bruno Medeiros (ALX), Eitan Frachtenberg (Facebook), John Song (Facebook).
Students
Student applicants should be familiar with the D programming language and environment. However, students may use a different language that helps D's integration within an existing framework (e.g. Java for Eclipse or C++ for Apache Thrift). Please state in your application other commitments you may have for the summer so we have a shared notion of the time you plan to spend on your GSoC project.
Student applications should include a project proposal (possibly starting from one of the ideas page) and a resumé, unless they already have a known track record in visible projects.
Application
To apply as a mentor or a student, refer to our GSoC 2011 page. Applications for students open on Monday March 28, 2011. For additional information, write email to gsoc@digitalmars.com.
Good luck!
President Trump is keeping the media in the dark once again — but this time its a tradition.
Trump told a gathering of White House senior staffers on Sunday that he found the letter former President Barack Obama left for him in the Oval Office — a tradition among presidents on their final day in office — but, as did his predecessor, he won't divulge its contents.
“It was really very nice of him to do that and we will cherish that. We will keep that and we won't even tell the press what's in that letter,” said Trump, who's had a contentious relationship with reporters since he announced his candidacy in June 2015.
see also Trump administration disputes crowd numbers at inauguration The Trump administration disputed crowd numbers at the swearing-in ceremony...
He has routinely referred to the media as “dishonest,” suggested moving the press corps out of the White House, blamed news outlets of reporting “fake news” about him and refused to answer questions from some reporters at news conferences.
The National Archives and Records Administration doesn't typically release the letters between presidents but just last week released the missive President George W. Bush left for Obama eight years ago.
During the East Room ceremony, Trump told the staffers that we must “devote ourselves to the national good.”
“This is not about ideology. It's about our country,” said Trump, who was accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence and many of his top advisers including Steve Bannon, son-in-law Jared Kushner and former “Apprentice” star Omarosa.
Talking about his upcoming meetings with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, Trump said they will start working on NAFTA.
“We're going to start renegotiating, having to do with NAFTA,” Trump said. “Anybody ever heard of NAFTA? We're going to start renegotiating on NAFTA, on immigration and on security at the border.”
Eight years ago, President George W. Bush also left a note for Obama.
“There will be trying moments. The critics will rage. Your ‘friends' will disappoint you. But, you will have an Almighty God comfort you, a family who loves you, and a country that is pulling for you, including me,” Bush wrote. “No matter what comes, you will be inspired by the character and compassion of the people you will lead.”
Although a rainout on Friday night delayed the start of Stanford baseball's 2016 campaign by a day, the Cardinal didn't let the change of schedule throw them off. Stanford (2-1) swept its season-opening doubleheader on Saturday, 2-0, 2-1, before falling in Sunday's series finale 4-3 to No. 21 Cal State Fullerton (1-2) to get its season started on a high note.
A stellar collegiate debut from freshman right-hander Tristan Beck on Saturday afternoon and an outstanding start to follow that up from junior lefty Chris Castellanos on Saturday evening set the tone for the weekend, which was marked by three high-level pitchers' duels.
Although sophomore Andrew Summerville had one bad inning in Sunday's finale, he was also dominant for stretches against a talented Cal State Fullerton lineup that combined for only 18 hits through the three games over the weekend.
“We did a really good job,” said head coach Mark Marquess. “We didn't walk people and threw a lot of strikes, and I couldn't be more pleased. It was a great pitching effort [Saturday] and [Sunday]. They hit Summerville, but that's better than walking them. We played good defense, and I'm very pleased with the pitching.”
Especially promising was the fact that the pitching staff, which suffered from chronic control issues last season, only combined for two walks over the weekend — both in the first game of the series.
“Last year, we got too carried away with trying to be too cute and pretty around the edges and everything,” said starting catcher Bryce Carter. “Our mentality now is just pound the zone, keep it low and let your defense work. The defense that we have is proven this weekend. That's a good mentality to have.”
The bullpen — a shaky point of last season — also made a big statement as well, with Tyler Thorne, Colton Hock and Chris Viall combining for 8.2 innings of shutout relief in which they only allowed four hits and struck out a combined 10 hitters.
Marquess was also particularly proud of the fact that Stanford's defense did not commit an error all weekend, and Stanford's entire infield made some tremendous defensive plays over the course of the three games, highlighted by a pair of diving plays at shortstop by junior Tommy Edman.
“When you play these types of teams, you can't make many mistakes, or else they're going to take advantage of them, because they don't normally make mistakes,” Marquess said.
When he took the mound on Saturday, Beck became just the third freshman to start Opening Day for Stanford since 1988, joining Mike Mussina and Cal Quantrill for the honor.
Although he gave up a leadoff single to Josh Vargas to begin the game, Beck settled down and pitched like a veteran, allowing just one more hit through his 6.1 innings of work and retiring 11 consecutive hitters at one point before being pulled after his only walk of the afternoon with one out in the seventh to a rousing standing ovation from the Stanford faithful.
“I just got into a groove and started remembering I had all eight guys behind me,” Beck said. “The seniors, upperclassmen really took me aside and said, ‘Hey, there are eight of us behind you helping you out, do it on the first couple of pitches if you can, let the defense help you, keep your pitch count down.'
“So it clicked then.”
Although Beck admitted after the game that he had jitters in that first inning and got off to a shaky start, Carter, who caught him, remarked that the freshman showed poise and confidence on the mound that greatly impressed him as the game progressed.
“When things got bad, when he got a little wild, he just took a step back and took a deep breath, and that's a very mature thing of him to do,” Carter said. “I was there, but I really didn't have to hold his hand through it. He did it himself, and that's a really good thing on his part.”
Although Stanford was only able to pound out two runs against an equally impressive outing from Fullerton ace Blake Quinn, that's all the Cardinal needed with Beck dealing. A Mikey Diekroeger home run in the fourth was followed up by a RBI single from Quinn Brodey in the seventh to set the final margin.
The Cardinal followed up their impressive start in the first game of the doubleheader with another stellar performance in the nightcap, with Castellanos allowing just one run on five hits in 6.0 innings of work, supported by an RBI groundout from Jack Klein and an RBI single from Diekroeger.
With just a one-run cushion to work with, Hock shut the door in a three-inning save, striking out four while not allowing a single baserunner in a perfect outing.
With the Cardinal's first season-opening series victory since 2012 already in hand, Stanford turned to Summerville in Sunday's finale to get the job done. Although the lefty allowed the Titans to plate three runs on five consecutive hits in a shaky second inning, he buckled down and retired 10 consecutive batters at one point in his six innings of work.
“Unfortunately I left a few balls up that inning — credit to Cal State Fullerton, they're a really good team,” Summerville said. “But as pitchers, our main goal is to be able to come back from those innings, shut them down and get back into that groove.”
Meanwhile, Fullerton freshman starter Colton Eastman was almost unhittable for most of his collegiate debut, retiring the first 16 Stanford hitters he faced before finally blinking in the bottom of the sixth, when he allowed three straight hits to Beau Branton, Alex Dunlap and Edman that plated two runs.
Although an error by Fullerton third baseman Jerrod Bravo on a Diekroeger grounder closed the margin to 4-3, Stanford couldn't finish off a potential rally in the eighth and ultimately fell in the finale despite three stellar innings of relief from Viall.
Diekroeger led the way for Stanford from the plate with two RBIs over the weekend, while senior right fielder Jonny Locher added a pair of doubles and freshman second baseman Nico Hoerner also added three hits and some slick defensive plays.
Stanford will next turn to junior Brett Hanewich on the mound as it travels to Davis to take on the UC Davis Aggies for one game today at 2 p.m. before it prepares itself for a four-game series in Austin against the Texas Longhorns.
Contact Do-Hyoung Park at dhpark ‘at' stanford.edu.
Support great long-form writing about Britain by subscribing to the Anglotopia Magazine – Available in Print & Digital Editions. Published quarterly and shipped worldwide! Click here for more information.
Now, I'm not a man known for often wearing a suit that would require the use of cufflinks – but if I had a pair of these I might just start wearing a suit more often!
Joanne Simmons – a British expat living in New York – runs a small boutique making bespoke silver jewelry and her latest range includes some familiar shapes to Doctor Who Fans.
All the cuff links are handmade and feature your favorite Doctor Who characters. My personal favorite is the TARDIS set. The perfect gift for an Anglophile Doctor Who fan who has everything.
You can buy them in her online Etsy Store.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Pocket
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Print
College Republicans: ‘That wasn't in the agreement'
NEW YORK – The raucous protests at last week's campus speech by Israel's ambassador to the United Nations have apparently spooked Columbia University.
About a quarter of the students who were registered to attend a Tuesday night speech by conservative author Dinesh D'Souza, hosted by the College Republicans chapter, did not appear to get in the room when they tried, as counted by The College Fix.
This was despite the fact that they had email confirmations from Eventbrite showing that they had registered for the “sold out” event.
The CRs blamed the administration for the snafu, saying it didn't want a repeat of the seven reported shoutdowns of Amb. Danny Danon – invited by Students Supporting Israel – as he addressed a mixed crowd of open-minded attendees and hecklers.
At least five administrators were supervising every movement at the check-in table for the D'Souza event, often interjecting when there was a dispute over registration, as witnessed by The Fix, which was also kept out of part of the event.
Danny Danon, #Israel's Ambassador to the UN is currently speaking at #Columbia University. Audience members have shouted him down 7 times pic.twitter.com/LQ9azGcVZt — Maccabee Task Force (@MacTaskForce) February 14, 2017
‘Sorry, you're not on the list'
D'Souza was at Columbia to make “The Case For Trump,” sponsored by Young America's Foundation.
Posters for the event featured D'Souza saying “You're entitled to your opinions, but not your own facts” and “Trigger Warning for Leftist Snowflakes @ Columbia: Find Your Safe Space.”
The lobby quickly devolved into mayhem as students showed up to check in. Numerous people were told some variation of “Sorry, you're not registered,” “Sorry, you're not on the list” and “If you're not on the list, you can't get in,” when they presented their Eventbrite confirmations.
The event was apparently listed as public on Facebook, but members of the general public – mostly middle-aged adults – were told at the door it was only open to the Columbia community. It's unclear how many people were turned away.
CRs press officer Arina Merkulova told The Fix that 168 people had registered to attend, but she left the event before providing the final tally of who made it in.
MORE: Columbia students shout down Israeli ambassador, say he likes Trump
Merkulova believed the registration problems were most likely because of last week's Danon protest, organized on Facebook. It started outside the venue and continued as the ambassador tried to speak over chants of “From Palestine to Mexico, All The Walls Have Got to Go.”
Students waiting in the lobby were told multiple times by CRs that they couldn't let in anyone else to the D'Souza event, in spite of many visible empty seats in the room.
“Because of the protests that happened, Columbia is trying not to let any protesters in,” Merkulova said. “Everything changed as soon as the [Danon] protests happened.” She called the administration “scared.”
Halfway through the event, administrators guarding the event doors led their guard down. Some students that were initially turned away were allowed to sign up on a “waitlist” and then enter.
Many graduate students also signed up for the event. But on the spot, administrators told them the event was for “undergrad students only.”
MORE: College socialists say the key ingredient is more violence against Trump
The CRs were shocked and confused. “That wasn't in the agreement” for the event, Merkulova told The Fix.
By the end of the event almost all of the room's 164 seats were full, though many who had initially registered, but who were denied access, gave up before they were allowed entry, while others snuck in.
‘My goal here is to not vindicate Trump'
When D'Souza took the stage, he crowed about the underdog non-politician's election victory.
“Trump's election was stunning because it was actually achieved against what seemed to be insurmountable odds,” and those who “put Trump over the top are none other than the working-class Democrats.”
The Republican candidate focused tightly on “economic and social issues,” taking advantage of the Democratic Party's failure to address issues that have depressed working-class wages, D'Souza said: “Trump had actually a very decisive victory.”
He derided progressives who say Trump “didn't win” because of his popular-vote loss, which is “not what our Constitution says,” and questioned why they feel “morally licensed” to disrupt presidential and campus events.
“Where does that moral indignation come from?” D'Souza said, starting a long history lesson on campus politics, the Civil War, slavery and the evolving nature of the two major parties over the past century.
Near the end of his speech, D'Souza veered toward campus politics.
“My goal here is to not vindicate Trump,” he said. “It's to vindicate the absurdity, that in the American intellectual environment, including the most elite sectors of American life, these arguments have been shut out — on the pretense that they are somehow beyond the pale.”
MORE: Columbia sticks student groups with huge security tabs after approving events
Rather than obsessing over how to remove a purported “fascist in the White House,” D'Souza said, students should instead ask: “Where has American history brought us?”
Several students thanked D'Souza for coming to campus during a civil question-and-answer portion.
Club leaders were initially ‘apprehensive' about D'Souza
Merkulova, the press officer for the CRs, said she was happy to host D'Souza because “this campus is one big safe space” for many students, where “more often than not” they only hear “a very liberal perspective.”
Referring to students who opposed Trump, she said “it might be beneficial for some to open their minds a little to see what the other half of the country [Trump voters] has to say about our current situation.”
That's not to say the very conservative D'Souza was an easy pick for the club, which includes “moderate” and “establishment Republicans” and even some Democrats, Merkoluva said. Many board members were “apprehensive” about him, but “ultimately” voted to bring D'Souza.
The administration did not immediately respond to a request for comment about its handling of check-in for registered attendees.
MORE: Gonzaga shuts public out of D'Souza speech because he opposes ‘social justice'
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGES: Young America's Foundation/Facebook, Columbia College Republicans
Reports that subscribers are transferring domains away from GoDaddy in increasing numbers, though initially unclear, have turned out to be correct. GoDaddy's CEO, Warren Adelman, has issued a statement admitting to as much, saying that "We have observed a spike in domain name transfers, which are running above normal rates and which we attribute to Go Daddy's prior support for SOPA, which was reversed."
Perhaps in an attempt to stem that tide, Adelman went further and elaborated why GoDaddy is now putting its name down in full opposition to SOPA instead of merely withdrawing support. It's a step in the right direction, though the opposition here is still a bit tepid: "the legislation has not fulfilled its basic requirement to build a consensus among stake-holders in the technology and Internet." Somehow we don't think that will blunt any further PR damage or customer losses from today's "Dump GoDaddy Day" efforts.
GoDaddy may be losing customers, but it's important to note that while lashing out at the company may be satisfying for SOPA opponents, it's not the same thing as stopping SOPA itself. And any impact on GoDaddy probably won't have a major effect on January's hearings when the focus of the public debate over SOPA moves back to congress.
Republican presidential contender Mike Huckabee told a group of evangelical and social conservatives on Friday that the economy and security are national concerns but the country can't get back on its feet "until it first gets on its knees and repents" to God over its moral failings.
The former Arkansas governor also used his appearance in the southwest suburbs before the Freedom's Journal Institute for the Study of Faith and Public Policy to ridicule the recent Supreme Court decision that outlawed bans on same-sex marriage, calling the judiciary the "Extreme Court."
"I would suggest that (when) man believes that he can redefine marriage, it's apparent that man believes he has become his own god and this is a dangerous place for America to be," said Huckabee, a Southern Baptist minister.
The American people need "a morality clarity, based on the objective truth that some things are right, some things are wrong, and without a moral foundation, our great republic cannot stand because it was based on the notion that we self-govern according to the laws of nature and the laws of nature's God," he said.
Huckabee is most immediately seeking to appeal to an Iowa Republican electorate that has become increasingly evangelical —something that helped him win the state's first-in-the-nation caucuses in 2008 before Arizona Sen. John McCain captured the GOP nomination.
"If people of the pro-life and pro-family element of the Republican Party all bail out, the one thing we can be sure of — we will not win another election," Huckabee told reporters afterward. "Because every time we nominate someone who is a strong pro-life, pro-family candidate, especially for president, we win. When we don't, we lose."
Huckabee discusses the republican struggle in Tinley Park, Illinois. July 31, 2015. (WGN-TV) Huckabee discusses the republican struggle in Tinley Park, Illinois. July 31, 2015. (WGN-TV) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Last weekend, Huckabee gained notoriety over his criticism of the multicountry Iran nuclear agreement led by the White House when he said it would "take the Israelis and march them to the door of the oven."
"I've taken a little bit of heat this past week for some comments I made — not one of which I have walked back or apologized for," he told the audience at the Tinley Park Convention Center.
"This is like helping to put the bullet in the gun that is pointed to our head and the full enactment of this ill-fated and ill-conceived idea of a negotiation and an agreement with a fanatical, radical Islamic government is like cocking the hammer and then inviting them to squeeze the trigger," he said.
But much of Huckabee's speech was reserved for what he said was the country's lack of a moral "rudder."
If Americans ignore that "the only explanation for this great republic of ours is the intervention of God's providence, then we will never see this nation rise to its greatness again," said Huckabee, who added, "Our laws need to reflect his."
Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune Former Arkansas Governor and 2016 GOP presidential candidate Mike Huckabee talks to press after speaking at a conference of The Freedom Journal Institute, a pro-life Christian conservative group at Tinley Park Convention Center in Tinley Park on Friday, July 31, 2015. Former Arkansas Governor and 2016 GOP presidential candidate Mike Huckabee talks to press after speaking at a conference of The Freedom Journal Institute, a pro-life Christian conservative group at Tinley Park Convention Center in Tinley Park on Friday, July 31, 2015. (Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune) (Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune)
"I'm convinced this country can get back on its feet, but it can't until it first gets on its knees and repents, and when we do that, we can be a greater nation again," he said.
An abortion opponent, Huckabee said he supported efforts to remove federal government funding from Planned Parenthood in the aftermath of the release of controversial videos involving fetal tissue procurement. But, he said, "the bigger question we need to be addressing is not just ending the funding for one abortion provider but it's ending this national nightmare of abortion — period."
A Quinnipiac University national poll of Republican presidential contenders released a day earlier showed Huckabee in a four-way tie for fourth place with 6 percent support — good enough to make the top 10 candidates to appear in the first GOP prime-time debate on Thursday.
While other candidates have been working on how they will counter the GOP front-runner, real estate tycoon and reality TV star Donald Trump, Huckabee said he won't engage.
"I'm not going to go into it worried about what someone is going to say about me or what I'm going to try to say about another 'cause I don't plan to say anything about any of the others," he said. "I want to win the job by playing the best game, not by breaking the legs of all the others going out."
rap30@aol.com
Twitter @rap30
A CATERING company blames a bad batch of eggs for a salmonella outbreak linked to a woman's death and the poisoning of more than 220 people who attended Melbourne Cup day functions.
Piccalilli Catering last night said it could take its own legal action over the outbreak as tributes poured in for 77-year-old Judy Anderson, who died after contracting the bacteria at a Cup event.
First-class foodies on path to food poisoning
Food poisoning a great Christmas spoiler
Bieber quits concert with food poisoning
Metro North Public Health Unit director Dr Susan Vlack said the salmonella infection did not cause Ms Anderson's death but "may have contributed''.
Eight people had been hospitalised and up to 700 people who attended 40 Cup functions where the food was served could be affected, Dr Vlack said.
Four of those admitted following the outbreak have now been released from hospital.
"If you have been to a Melbourne Cup luncheon and you do get ill, particularly with fever and diarrhoea … then you see your doctor,'' Dr Vlack said. "Most people have been sick already or could be sick now but you can be sick up to two weeks later.
News_Rich_Media: A catering company is blaming a bad batch of eggs over a salmonella outbreak which is linked to the death of a woman and the poisoning of more than 200 people.
"In most cases salmonella is a mild infection that a person recovers from within a week or two but vulnerable people, the very young and the very old, and anyone who's immunosuppressed can have more severe effects."
A Government spokesman confirmed 11 staff from the Department of Premier and Cabinet fell ill as a result of the outbreak after attending an onsite function catered by the company involved.
Piccalilli Catering, based at St Lucia, catered at the affected functions but has blamed a Brisbane-based supplier of a bad batch of eggs that were used to make mayonnaise.
"Piccalilli Catering provided catering services to a range of clients at various venues around Brisbane on Melbourne Cup Day,'' a company statement said. "This catering included fresh mayonnaise made by our chefs from eggs purchased from a Brisbane fresh food wholesaler. We believe these eggs were the source of a food-borne illness, which has affected a number of our clients and their guests.''
News_Rich_Media: Testing for salmonella
Ms Anderson died in hospital on Wednesday from heart complications but fell ill on Thursday last week. She was among 65 guests at a Zonta fundraising luncheon on Melbourne Cup Day.
Ms Anderson wasfor years a fundamental part of Goodtime Surf and Sail, a Woolloongabba surf and skate store.
"Anyone who has been in our shop could not help but have their day brightened by Judy's warmth, wit and uncanny knack for remembering even the smallest details about someone she may have only met once," the retailer said on its Facebook page.
###
Inflatable Trump 'chicken' spotted outside White House The inflatable is gaining popularity as a way to mock Trump
An inflatable rooster that resembles President Donald Trump was spotted on the lawn outside the White House Wednesday afternoon, setting off a series of tweets pointing out that the development was right on schedule for the state of American politics in 2017.
So a massive inflatable chicken showed up at the White House today. In 2017 America, this seems completely normal. pic.twitter.com/nvVqj5s4eK — NewsRadio 570 WKBN (@570wkbn) August 9, 2017 "Are we aware of this inflatable chicken by the White House?" is a fun email subject line in my inbox today. — DJ Judd (@juddzeez) August 9, 2017 Breaking news about North Korea comes to a screeching halt due to an inflatable chicken in the White House lawn...God bless the USA... — Geo Betus (@music_man_geo) August 9, 2017
The 'chicken' could be seen on wide shots of the White House sitting roughly midway between the Washington Monument and the residence of the commander-in-chief.
The art piece appears identical to a 13-foot-tall inflatable chicken that became the de facto mascot for tax marches around the country on April 15, which called for Trump to finally release his tax returns.
As previously reported by the Seattle-PI, Seattle has a unique claim to the chicken-turned-tax-march mascot: Casey Latiolais, the artist behind the inflatable's design, is from Seattle.
This picture taken on January 6, 2017 shows workers standing in front of inflatable chickens resembling Donald Trump in a factory in Jiaxing. A Chinese factory is hatching giant inflatable chickens resembling Donald Trump to usher in the Year of the Rooster. The five-metre (16-foot) fowls sport the distinctive golden mane of the US president-elect and mimic his signature hand gestures with their tiny wings. less This picture taken on January 6, 2017 shows workers standing in front of inflatable chickens resembling Donald Trump in a factory in Jiaxing. A Chinese factory is hatching giant inflatable chickens resembling ... more Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Inflatable Trump 'chicken' spotted outside White House 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
He was originally commissioned to produce something rooster-like for this year's zodiac animal (the rooster). The likeness to the president is coincidence and unintended, and the inflatables were originally hatched as an attraction in Chinese shopping malls to celebrate the new year.
But Latiolais told Reuters in January that he does agree there's some undeniable likeness.
"I can definitely say Mr. Trump has a lot of similarities in that he likes to tweet," Latiolais said.
"And he also likes to tweet at or around sunrise, and if you take away the fact that roosters are kind of loud and self-absorbed, then I think you can start drawing similarities that way."
The chickens are made at a factory in eastern China. It wasn't immediately clear who was behind Wednesday's stunt.
I'm A Stepmother, And I Hate It
Dear Sugar Radio is a weekly podcast from member station WBUR. Hosts Steve Almond and Cheryl Strayed offer "radical empathy" and advice on everything from relationships and parenthood to dealing with drug problems or anxiety.
Today the Sugars are joined by Wednesday Martin, a stepmother and author of Stepmonster: A New Look at Why Real Stepmothers Think, Feel, and Act the Way We Do. They consider a letter from The Wicked Stepmother, who feels wrong for not loving her stepchildren the same way she loves her own baby daughter.
Enlarge this image Courtesy of WBUR Courtesy of WBUR
Dear Sugars,
This is something I've been struggling with for a while now and it's awful to write it to another person, but I have to. I am a stepmother, and I hate it.
The advice I get from everyone is that I knew what I was getting into when I got married, so I should accept it. But I didn't anticipate things being the way they are.
I met my husband when we were in high school, and even then we fell for each other. However, before we graduated, we had a fight, and I went off to college with our relationship unresolved.
During that time he had two children with another woman. Two years ago we reconnected online and all those feelings were still there, and we began a relationship.
At the time, I was hopeful about being a stepmother and sure that I could be a good one. So when we moved in together last spring, I jumped in with both feet. They were 5 and 2 when I met them and fairly easy to deal with. Now they are 8 and 5 and I'm overwhelmed with how annoying they are. I face pressure from all sides to "be their mom" — but I'm not. They have a mother, even if she's not around as much as she should be.
To complicate matters, I gave birth to my own daughter in June, and I didn't anticipate how fierce my feelings about her would be. My desire to protect her is so strong. I don't want the other children to touch her, and a terrible feeling fills my chest when I see this.
I know this is wrong. I am open with my husband about my struggle. I know I'm supposed to treat all the children in the house exactly the same, but I'm finding this impossible. I try to be present with them for my husband because I love him more than the world, but I never thought this would be so hard.
I don't know what to do. I know my feelings are not the right ones for this situation. I know these children have been hurt before and need a loving home environment.
I know the only possible answer is that I should have known what I was doing when I married my husband, but not marrying him was too much to bear. And our daughter is so precious to me. I know his kids are precious to him, and I try to look at our life through this lens, but it's so difficult, and I know I am so awful.
I hope things will improve and I know that it's up to me as the adult, but what if I can't hack it? What if I am just the evil stepmother? I don't like being such a monster. I don't like feeling so much pressure from everyone to be a saint and "love them like my own." That may never happen. I'm supposed to but I don't feel it. I know it's not right. I know it's not.
Signed,
The Wicked Stepmother
Steve Almond: I think this one of the bravest letters we've ever gotten. I think it is so extraordinarily rare for a stepmother to say, "I am having these terrible feelings that are conforming to every stereotype, but I'm having them."
Cheryl Strayed: Within the span of one season, she has become the stepmother to two children, and also she has become a mother. And I know from experience, when you give birth to a baby, you have a deep, animal urge to protect your child. This feeling you have isn't an indication that you're a terrible person.
Wednesday Martin: There is not one woman out of the dozens that I interviewed formally and the hundred or so women that I spoke to casually about being stepmothers who said to me, "I got this. This is easy." If anybody said that, within 15 minutes, we were getting into the nitty-gritty, which always involved resentment, anxiety, feelings of failure.
[Your stepchildren have] two parents. Your baby needs you, and it is OK to withdraw a little bit and prioritize your baby — that doesn't make you a bad stepmother. You're giving your stepchildren space with their father, and you're giving yourself time that you really need with your baby.
Cheryl: When you forgive yourself for having those feelings you have, what that opens up is the possibility that you will, over time, come to love these stepchildren.
Wednesday: Thankfully, these [stepchildren] have a present, loving parent, and that's Dad. And especially while there's a baby in the picture, Dad can pick up the slack and just work on his relationship with his children. And that takes the pressure off of her, and then she can reset her expectations and the guilt will lessen.
Cheryl: She signs her letter The Wicked Stepmother, like the terrible stepmother in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. But I think that by asking these questions and admitting to these feelings that are so taboo, it tells us that you're not so wicked after all.
You can get more advice from the Sugars each week on Dear Sugar Radio from WBUR. Listen to the whole episode to hear the full conversation between the Sugars, The Wicked Stepmother, and her husband.
You can also listen to Dear Sugar Radio on iTunes or your favorite podcast app.
The framework is a structure for assessing ability and proficiency when using spreadsheets. The framework consists of four key skill groups, described as levels. Each group has its own core competencies and other indicative skills. There is no formal assessment attached to the framework.
Spreadsheet Competency Framework Download the full report here. Download now
Basic user
A Basic user will mostly be carrying out data entry tasks. They will have a grounding in the essential skills needed to avoid major wasted effort or bad practice, but few technical skills beyond that. Anyone that uses spreadsheets should be at this level at a bare minimum.
General user
General users make up the majority of spreadsheet users, essentially modifying and updating spreadsheets on a regular basis. They may have some formula and other more technical knowledge, but are rarely called upon to undertake highly complex tasks, or to make spreadsheets entirely from scratch.
Creator
Creators use spreadsheets as a core element of their roles, and significantly use its functions and features. They often create spreadsheets from scratch and may create templates and workbooks for users at the first two levels.
Developer
Developers are the true masters of spreadsheets, with a grasp on the majority of the features of the package and ability to handle many complex tasks. They may be specialists such as modellers, VBA programmers, or statisticians.
The Excel Community's training partner Filtered has created a free training course based around the competencies necessary for the first level, Basic User. You can access that free course here.
In February 2016, Justice Antonin Scalia died, leaving a vacancy on the Supreme Court that remains empty to this day. President Obama quickly nominated Judge Merrick Garland from the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals to fill the vacancy, but the Senate refused to act, holding neither a hearing nor a vote on the nomination.
In its failure to act, the Senate more than doubled the previously held record for the length of time between a nomination to the Supreme Court and a vote on the nominee. What's more, currently, there are 118 unfilled judicial seats in the federal courts. These ongoing vacancies have a detrimental impact on the functionality of our court system and on our nation's pursuit of justice.
We read in this week's Torah portion, Parashat Yitro, "And they shall judge the people at all seasons” (Exodus 18:22). In this passage, Jethro (Yitro) watches Moses, his son-in-law, struggle as the sole arbiter of disputes between the wandering Israelites. Jethro reminds Moses that he cannot do the entire job alone. Instead, Moses must focus on the most pressing issues. To help ease the burden, Jethro recommends that Moses “choose out of the entire nation men of substance, God fearers, men of truth, who hate monetary gain” to act as judges for the people's day-to-day legal affairs (18:21). “If you do this thing,” Jethro says, “and the Lord commands you, you will be able to survive, and also, all these people will come upon their place in peace” (18:23).
This wisdom from Jethro remains as relevant today as it was in biblical times. The responsibility to mete out justice cannot be done without a full and functional Supreme Court and federal judiciary. With fewer than 40 cases on the docket this term, the Supreme Court currently is tackling its lightest workload in more than 70 years. When the eight justices do agree to hear a case, the ongoing vacancy makes possible a 4-4 split. In such cases, the lower court's decision stands, but does not set precedent for the rest of the country. Such gridlock allows for a patchwork of decisions across the nation and fails to serve the ultimate interest of the full pursuit of justice.
The failure to act on Judge Merrick Garland's nomination and the prolonged Supreme Court vacancy that resulted reflect poorly on the Senate. Americans seeking justice, advocates, activists, jurists, and historians will continue to debate the impact of the politicization of the Supreme Court for years to come. At this moment, however, the Senate again faces its constitutional responsibility to provide “advice and consent” on the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch, recently nominated by President Trump to the Supreme Court. As pressing as the need to have a full Court is the need to ensure that whoever joins the highest court in the land will defend the Constitution, promote equal rights and opportunity for all, and approach legal interpretation with the reverence and care it deserves.
Likewise, Jethro is clear with Moses about the goals of the judicial system in their day, and the qualities necessary to sit in judgment of others. He says, “choose out of the entire nation men of substance, God fearers, men of truth…if you do this thing…all these people will come upon their place in peace.” Indeed, to issue fair and equitable judgments, a system must be both full and functional, with its functionality resting not solely on the number of justices, but also on their inherent qualities.
Over the next several weeks, it will be the responsibility of senators and all Americans to learn more about Judge Gorsuch's record and views. After all, like all Supreme Court Justices, he is being considered for a lifetime appointment to the federal bench. Inspired by Jethro's words, the Reform Jewish community takes its responsibility seriously, and we will consider Judge Gorsuch's record on important issues, including civil rights, separation of church and state, religious freedom, women's rights, LGBTQ equality, and more. We look forward to hearing from Judge Gorsuch directly during his confirmation hearing.
The judges and justices who interpret and uphold the law are entrusted with great responsibility. As citizens, our responsibility to partner with our senators as they consider these nominees is equally great. As Jethro knew and Moses learned, the burden is eased when we share it together.
Engage in this process by submitting questions for Senate Judiciary Committee members to ask Judge Gorsuch during the hearing.
Dictionary lookup (full featured) a guest Aug 7th, 2010 176 Never a guest176Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint Bash 1.99 KB define ( ) { local ret local lines =0 local match local url = "dict://dict.org" if [ $# -eq 0 ] ; then echo "Usage: 'define word'" echo "Use specific database: 'define word db'" echo "Get listing of possible databases: 'define showdb'" echo "Word match: 'define word-part match-type' (suf, pre, sub, re)" echo "Suffix, prefix, substring, regular expression respectively" echo "If you use regular expression matching: 'define ^s.*r re'" fi if [ $# -eq 1 ] ; then if [ $ 1 == "showdb" ] ; then ret = " `curl -# ${url}/show:db|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^110.//'` " else #Lookup word ret = " `curl -# ${url}/d:$1|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'` " fi fi if [ $# -eq 2 ] ; then case "$2" in "suf" ) #Match by suffix match = "suffix" ret = " `curl -# ${url}/m:$1::${match}|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'` " ;; "pre" ) #Match by prefix match = "prefix" ; ret = " `curl -# ${url}/m:$1::${match}|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'` " ;; "sub" ) #Match by substring match = "substring" ; ret = " `curl -# ${url}/m:$1::${match}|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'` " ;; "re" ) #Regular expression match match = "re" ; ret = " `curl -# ${url}/m:$1::${match}|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'` " ;; * ) #Use specific databse for lookup ret = " `curl -# ${url}/d:$1:$2|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'` " ;; esac fi lines = ` echo " ${ret} " | grep -c - ` #Output if [ ${lines} -gt 4 ] ; then #Use less if more than 4 definitions echo " ${ret} " | less -R else echo " ${ret} " fi } thesaurus ( ) { define $ 1 moby-thes }
RAW Paste Data
define() { local ret local lines=0 local match local url="dict://dict.org" if [ $# -eq 0 ]; then echo "Usage: 'define word'" echo "Use specific database: 'define word db'" echo "Get listing of possible databases: 'define showdb'" echo "Word match: 'define word-part match-type' (suf, pre, sub, re)" echo "Suffix, prefix, substring, regular expression respectively" echo "If you use regular expression matching: 'define ^s.*r re'" fi if [ $# -eq 1 ]; then if [ $1 == "showdb" ]; then ret="`curl -# ${url}/show:db|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^110.//'`" else #Lookup word ret="`curl -# ${url}/d:$1|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'`" fi fi if [ $# -eq 2 ]; then case "$2" in "suf") #Match by suffix match="suffix" ret="`curl -# ${url}/m:$1::${match}|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'`" ;; "pre") #Match by prefix match="prefix"; ret="`curl -# ${url}/m:$1::${match}|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'`" ;; "sub") #Match by substring match="substring"; ret="`curl -# ${url}/m:$1::${match}|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'`" ;; "re") #Regular expression match match="re"; ret="`curl -# ${url}/m:$1::${match}|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'`" ;; *) #Use specific databse for lookup ret="`curl -# ${url}/d:$1:$2|tail -n +3|head -n -2|sed 's/^15[0-2].//'`" ;; esac fi lines=`echo "${ret}"|grep -c -` #Output if [ ${lines} -gt 4 ]; then #Use less if more than 4 definitions echo "${ret}"|less -R else echo "${ret}" fi } thesaurus() { define $1 moby-thes }
After years of "secret talks" and fizzled rumors, Monty Python is finally, officially reuniting — for real, this time.
"We're getting together and putting on a show - it's real," Terry Jones confirmed to the BBC. "I'm quite excited about it. I hope it makes us a lot of money. I hope to be able to pay off my mortgage!"
First announced by The Sun, the reunion is expected to feature all five surviving members — Jones, John Cleese, Eric Idle, Terry Gilliam, and Michael Palin — performing their first official stage show since the '80s.
Python meeting this morning. Can't wait. Press Conference Thursday will apparently be live on Sky News. I'll get you the online URL. — Eric Idle (@EricIdle) November 19, 2013
Though the troupe is remaining tight-lipped about the specifics ahead of a planned press conference scheduled for this Thursday, rumor has it the stage show is just the beginning, with a TV and/or film deal to follow.
The five Pythons were last seen together in 1998 at the Aspen Comedy Festival, where they recorded a sit-down interview and performed a few bits.
Graham Chapman, the sixth Python, passed away in 1989 of cancer. He "joined" the other members on stage at the Aspen appearance in the form of a urn full of ashes, which Gilliam "accidentally" knocked over.
[photo via AP]
The Guardian recently published an amazingly deceitful hit piece on skeptics of the establishment Syria narrative who point to the piles of evidence that the so-called White Helmets are nothing other than a western-backed propaganda firm for the destabilization efforts in Syria.
The piece is simultaneously shocking in the brazen amount of dishonesty a mainstream publication can pack into one little article, and entirely unsurprising in the tactics it uses. It follows a pattern which will be exhaustingly familiar to anyone who engages in online debate against establishment narratives with any regularity: it paints anti-establishment speakers as “Russian propaganda” simply because they advance opinions that run counter to western establishment interests, and cites “experts” to counter those opinions who are considered experts solely because their opinions are endorsed by the mainstream establishment. The message is never attacked, only the messenger, and the attacks are imbued with legitimacy solely because they are pro-establishment.
Brian Gerrish of UK Column News does an excellent job of picking apart the empty and circular reasoning-based arguments in the article, as well as documenting the shady evasiveness displayed by everyone who was involved in its writing:
We saw the exact same tactic used in NPR's recent hit job on Lee Camp's Redacted Tonight, attacking the show as Russian propaganda solely on the basis that it is aired on RT America despite the fact that everyone involved in its production are Americans who happen to espouse anti-establishment viewpoints. To support their attack NPR brought in neoconservative empire loyalist Julia Ioffe, who last month published a deceitful article in The Atlantic using doctored quotes to make it appear as though WikiLeaks attempted to cover up loyalties to the Russian government in conversations with Donald Trump Jr. Ioffe's “expertise” was used to legitimize the assertions that Redacted Tonight is Russian propaganda and its staff are “useful idiots” of the Kremlin.
You can read Lee Camp's brutal beatdown of Ioffe and NPR's obnoxious smear segment here.
Check out @LeeCamp ripping Neocon Propaganda Radio a new asshole for their obnoxious hit job on him.https://t.co/izXIRX5Z8a — Caitlin Johnstone (@caitoz) December 20, 2017
This is becoming the norm. Yesterday while debating someone I cited concerns about Russiagate voiced by Stephen Cohen, who is arguably America's foremost authority on US-Russian relations. The guy I was arguing with dismissed Cohen as a Kremlin stooge, citing a handful of articles written by establishment loyalists whose sole evidence that Cohen was a Kremlin stooge was that he sides with Russian interests on a number of issues.
Obviously unless there's some concrete evidence that Cohen has been bought and owned by the Kremlin there is no basis on which to accuse him of conducting psyops for the Russian government, and the fact that he sides with the Russian government on some issues means nothing other than that his expertise led him to those conclusions. But this happens every time I cite anything said by Cohen or any other expert whose perspectives vary from those advanced by the CNN mainstream.
It goes like this every single time:
Me: I disagree with that mainstream narrative.
Establishment Loyalist: On what basis?
Me: The testimony of this expert [shares an anti-establishment article from an anti-establishment expert].
Establishment Loyalist: That expert is a Kremlin stooge!
Me: Why do you say that?
Establishment Loyalist: [shares a pro-establishment article attacking the expert.]
Me: That article doesn't prove anything. It's an attack editorial on an anti-establishment expert on the sole basis that they advance anti-establishment opinions. Let me ask you this: what sources would you accept arguments from?
Establishment Loyalist: Uhh, how about reputable outlets that aren't in Putin's pocket?? CNN, Washington Post, New York Times!
Me: Those outlets are virulently pro-establishment! Of course they're not going to run anything questioning the establishment narrative on [whatever issue we're debating]! Are you seriously saying you'll only accept anti-establishment arguments if they come from pro-establishment outlets?
Establishment Loyalist: If they share Kremlin talking points, it disqualifies them. If you don't oppose Putin on every issue, you're either a paid troll or a useful idiot.
Me: Wow, so you're just slamming the brakes on this entire conversation then, huh? If I don't agree with the CNN narrative, I'm a paid troll. If I can prove to you that I'm not a paid troll, I'm a useful idiot. There's no possible way to break through this barrier in dialogue then, is there?
Establishment Loyalist: How many rubles are you getting paid per hour?
Me: Gah!!!
WHITE HELMETS: The Guardian Protects UK FCO Destablisation Project in Syria https://t.co/qTIbkpzeTs via @21WIRE — vanessa beeley (@VanessaBeeley) December 20, 2017
The establishment propagandists have shut down all dialogue and critical thinking by successfully advancing the narrative that everything they say is true and everything that contradicts what they say is Russian propaganda. By instilling a fear in their audience of all things Russian, any words that aren't stamped with the approval of the western establishment are instinctively labeled Russian propaganda and therefore reflexively recoiled from. Using tactics exemplified in the above smear pieces by The Guardian and NPR, thinking has been killed. People have been turned into drooling, flag-waving idiots.
A new paradigm has been created wherein anti-establishment narratives are rejected by rank-and-file Americans not because of flawed arguments or factual inaccuracy, but solely because they are anti-establishment. The empire has created an impenetrable self-enforcing echo chamber, a mental prison of which their audience is their own wardens and guards. From that point they can weave any ridiculous ideas they like into the consciousness of mainstream media consumers, and it will be unquestioningly swallowed as gospel.
And of course, it keeps the spotlight fixated on Russia, which keeps their own manipulations in the darkness. How hilarious is it that the first time the word “oligarch” was allowed into mainstream consciousness, it was being applied toRussians? Russiagate ensures that no matter what happens with Mueller, nothing about the US power establishment will ever have to change. The problem has been moved overseas to a distant icy potato patch they control all narratives about, which keeps Americans from paying attention to the Orwellian horrors being inflicted upon them by their own government. Keep them fixated on Russian oligarchs, and they'll never notice that they're living in a totalitarian oligarchy themselves.
The more we fixate on Russia, the more stupid we become. The more stupid we become, the easier we are to manipulate and control. The easier we are to manipulate and control, the more we can be exploited without resistance by the Orwellian oligarchy that is the US power establishment. The more we can be exploited, the more powerful they become. And that's what this whole game is ultimately about.
___________
Thanks for reading! My work here is entirely reader-funded so if you enjoyed this piece please consider sharing it around, liking me on Facebook, following me on Twitter, bookmarking my website, throwing some money into my hat on Patreonor Paypal, or buying my new book Woke: A Field Guide for Utopia Preppers.
Getty Images
Kobe Bryant has been the unmoving eye of the NBA hurricane for 19 seasons—its stubborn, static center orbited violently by a maelstrom of change.
There are lots of ways to illustrate how much the NBA has evolved during Bryant's two-decade tenure. Player turnover, trends in style of play, rule changes that morphed the game into something different entirely—all of these highlight Bryant as a solitary figure from another era.
Another option: simply looking at the names of the league's elite in Bryant's rookie year.
The All-Stars during the 1996-97 season all hail from a bygone era. In fact, a handful—Tim Hardaway, Glen Rice and John Stockton—have since seen their sons on NBA rosters.
1996-97 NBA All-Stars East Retired Since West Retired Since Anfernee Hardaway 2008 John Stockton 2003 Michael Jordan 2003 Gary Payton 2007 Scottie Pippen 2004 Shawn Kemp 2003 Grant Hill 2013 Karl Malone 2004 Dikembe Mutombo 2009 Hakeem Olajuwon 2002 Glen Rice 2004 Latrell Sprewell 2005 Vin Baker 2006 Mitch Richmond 2002 Christian Laettner 2005 Detlef Schrempf 2001 Terrell Brandon 2002 Tom Gugliotta 2005 Tim Hardaway 2003 Kevin Garnett ?? Chris Webber 2008 Eddie Jones 2008 Joe Dumars 1999 Chris Gatling 2002 Basketball-Reference.com
Kevin Garnett was an All-Star in 1997 as a sophomore, and he's the only player from that game who remains active today. He's also the only active player from a draft class before Bryant's; nobody else from Kobe's legendary 1996-97 class is still playing.
Here's a broader snapshot of what the NBA looked like when Bryant first joined it—compared to what it looked like last year:
NBA Leaders Then and Now Player Stat Category Stat Player Michael Jordan 29.6 Points 28.1 Russell Westbrook Dennis Rodman 16.1 Rebounds 15.0 DeAndre Jordan Mark Jackson 11.4 Assists 10.2 Chris Paul Mookie Blaylock 2.7 Steals 2.3 Kawhi Leonard Shawn Bradley 3.4 Blocks 2.9 Anthony Davis Karl Malone 28.9 PER 30.8 Anthony Davis Mario Elie 66.2 TS% 69.9 Kyle Korver Michael Jordan 18.3 Win Shares 16.4 James Harden Basketball-Reference.com
More perspective: When Bryant entered the NBA, the league's all-time scoring list was littered with all-time, old-timey greats. The NBA's top scorers through the 1995-96 campaign:
And here's the league's overall leaderboard now:
Maybe it's not surprising that more than half the names have shuffled since Bryant joined the league. Gone are John Havlicek, Alex English and Jerry West from the new leaderboard, bumped down by surges from Bryant-era stars like Dirk Nowitzki and Paul Pierce, along with era-bridgers like Shaquille O'Neal.
It's not just the points (or who's scored them) that tell the story of Bryant as a man out of time. It's the way they've been scored.
Bryant Bucking Trends
The three-point shot is the newest of new-age weapons. Though it's been around since the 1979-80 season, and though it enjoyed an artificial popularity spike at the beginning of Bryant's career (thanks to the league moving the line in nearly two feet), the three-pointer is exploding.
It now comprises a larger percentage of NBA offense than ever before, and the trend line suggests the climb is far from over.
And though Bryant's current game leans more heavily on the three than it did for most of his career, his habits have rarely lined up with the league at large. He's his own man, shooting more threes in spurts, then backing off dramatically—seemingly on a whim.
It's difficult to graphically show defiant individualism, but Bryant's three-point frequency set against the league's comes pretty close.
It's almost like he has accepted the value of the long ball, but simultaneously decided he'll only use it when he feels like it. He's firing away from deep on his terms.
Then there's the mid-range jumper, which has gradually and consistently fallen out of favor over the past few seasons. Some teams, like the Houston Rockets, have been more extreme in their abandonment of the inefficient long two-pointer. But the overall league norms reflect a broader disregard for jumpers that only yield a pair of points.
The available data only goes back to the 2000-01 season, but it's more than enough to illustrate one of the most striking instances of stubbornness in Bryant's game. The two lines below show what percentage of total field-goal attempts came from 16-23 feet over the past 14 seasons; Bryant is yellow, and the entire NBA is red.
There's Bryant again, taking a violently erratic path forward, totally out of step with what the rest of the league is doing. In 2014-15, just 17.5 percent of NBA field goals came from 16-23 feet, down substantially from the 23.2 percent figure of 2000-01.
But Bryant, after some twists and turns, took 29.2 percent of his shots from that distance—hardly different from his 30.3 percent figure 14 seasons ago.
His mid-range jumper, borrowed stylistically from Michael Jordan and the age of disdain for the three-pointer (just look at it—it's obvious), remains as big a part of his game as ever.
The various trends that have developed during Bryant's career are partly a reaction to the league's smartest minds figuring out how to play better statistical basketball—intelligent redesign, you could call it. But they're also the result of rule changes.
The Game Done Changed
VINCENT LAFORET/Getty Images
Since Bryant entered the league in 1996, the NBA has moved the three-point line back to its original distance (in the 1997-98 season), gradually outlawed hand-checking (through rule changes in 1997, 1999 and 2004) and dramatically altered the restrictions on zone defense (2001).
No longer afraid of illegal defense calls, roaming defenders now feint toward post-up threats, leave their assignments entirely and shift position in concert with their teammates. As a result, the types of shots teams seek out are different. Slinging it into the block and standing around is a worse option now, because it's no longer obvious where the double will come from, and when it does, it can be a soft one, or even a trick.
Big men are hoisting more threes than ever. Isolation play has fallen out of favor. Pull-up jumpers are now roundly recognized as poor percentage plays.
Yet there's Kobe taking 10.4 pull-up shots per game in 2014-15, ranking second in the league behind the possibly-in-need-of-an-exorcism version of Russell Westbrook we saw last year, according to NBA.com. And there he is again using 5.5 isolation possessions per game, fourth-most in the league, despite shooting 34.8 percent and ranking in the 57th percentile on such plays.
He's held steady, playing his game his way. And for the vast majority of his career to this point, he's been good enough to get away with it (#Ringzzzzz). Last year, as the Lakers floundered and Bryant raged against efficiency norms for 35 games before his season-ending shoulder injury, he caught increasing flak.
However, he continues responding to this flak with the same unshakable defiance that helped him fire up those shots in the first place.
The fact that Bryant has stood apart from the trends so markedly is both heroic and tragic.
Uncompromising individualism is funny that way; we laud it as a virtue while understanding that it's a trait inherent in dying breeds.
When Bryant begins his 20th season, ideologically unchanged from the player who entered the league in 1996, the hurricane of NBA change will continue to whirl around him. But he won't be swept up. He'll stand resolute, assured and unbending.
Sort of like the statue they'll erect in his honor outside Staples Center.
Stats courtesy of Basketball-Reference.com unless otherwise indicated.
Follow Grant Hughes on Twitter @gt_hughes.
JERUSALEM (CNN) -- Some 43 years after a Beatles concert was -- according to popular belief -- banned by Israel, Paul McCartney has announced he'll perform there in September.
Paul McCartney says he's looking forward to playing a concert in Israel next month.
The show, which will be held September 25 in Tel Aviv, had been rumored for months.
Promoters are saying it will be one of the biggest concerts ever held in Israel, and they hope it will encourage other top stars to come to Israel.
A web site offering tickets for the concert put prices at 1,500 shekels and 490 shekels or between $426.86 and $139.44 U.S. dollars.
Israelis "will finally get the chance to experience a night of music and history they have been waiting decades for," a news release on McCartney's Web site announced Wednesday.
Two plane loads of equipment will be arriving with around 100 McCartney production people. The concert will cost around $10 million to produce and the organizers said they are hoping to make a profit.
In the mid-1960s, when the Fab Four from Liverpool, England, ruled the music charts, a concert in Israel was proposed. It never happened.
The long-told story maintained that Beatlemania was deemed too potentially injurious to Israel's youth. A more recent theory, however, blamed the ban on a tiff between competing concert promoters.
Whatever the reason, Israelis never got to experience The Beatles live.
Earlier this year, Israel's ambassador to Britain, Ron Prosor, visited Liverpool and apologized to The Beatles for the "misunderstanding."
In a letter Prosor wrote: "There is no doubt that it was a great missed opportunity to prevent people like you, who shaped the minds of the generation, to come to Israel and perform."
McCartney and Ringo Starr are the only surviving Beatles. John Lennon was slain by a deranged gunman in 1980; George Harrison died of cancer in 2001.
McCartney is billing the Tel Aviv show his "Friendship First" concert.
"I've heard so many great things about Tel Aviv and Israel, but hearing is one thing and experiencing it for yourself is another," McCartney said in the news release. "We are planning to have a great time and a great evening. We can't wait to get out there and rock."
All About Paul McCartney • The Beatles
A Ukrainian army vehicle travels across a damaged bridge near the village of Debaltseve, Donetsk region, eastern Ukraine July 31, 2014. (Photo11: Dmitry Lovetsky, AP)
WASHINGTON —The Pentagon is rushing new aid — including armored vehicles and increased training — to bolster Ukrainian forces fighting Russian-backed separatists, the Defense Department announced Friday.
The gear includes armored personnel carriers, cargo and patrol vehicles, binoculars, night vision goggles and small patrol boats, said Eileen Lainez, a Pentagon spokeswoman. The equipment is valued at $8 million and follows a similar $7 million package of equipment shipped in April.
Earlier on Friday, the Pentagon also announced a proposed $19 million aid package to help train Ukraine's National Guard forces. The money will help train four companies of soldiers and a headquarters element, Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby said. The proposal requires congressional approval and would begin in 2015. Trainers would come from U.S. forces in Europe or the California National Guard, which has partnered with Ukrainian troops in the past.
On Thursday, Sen. Carl Levin, D.-Mich., the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said Ukraine's military needs weapons. Russian aggression must be confronted in the wake of the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in eastern Ukraine last month, Levin said. Almost 300 people died when it was blown from the sky with what U.S. officials have said was a Russian-supplied surface-to-air missile.
Ukraine's military has made progress in pushing back Russian-backed rebels, Levin said. He called on the White House to authorize shipments of anti-tank weapons.
"These are defensive weapons, not provocative weapons," Levin said.
There are about 10,000 "very capable" Russian forces within 35 miles of the border with Ukraine, Kirby said Friday. They have supplied militants inside Ukraine with rockets and military vehicles. Last week, the Pentagon said Russian forces had attacked Ukrainian soldiers several times with artillery fire.
"Our support to the Ukrainian armed forces has been of a non-lethal nature, so we are not assisting them with issues of targeting (separatists)," Kirby said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ncz7B2
On Thursday, El Salvador's Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources tweeted some seriously disturbing news. Apparently, the agency found 300 to 400 dead sea turtles floating seven nautical miles offshore from El Salvador's Jiquilisco Bay. Though local authorities say they don't know what caused the ordeal, a biologist tells Inverse the possibilities are definitely disturbing.
“The majority of sea turtles found are in a state of decomposition,” MARN El Salvador tweeted in Spanish. “It is unknown what caused the death of the sea turtles which were located yesterday near the Bay of Jiquilisco.” The agency added that it will be conducting laboratory tests to ascertain more information on the turtles.
La mayoría de tortugas marinas encontradas están en estado de descomposición. pic.twitter.com/rMtbTQk45H — MARN El Salvador (@MARN_SV) November 2, 2017
According to David Steen, an assistant research professor at Auburn University and creator of the Living Alongside Wildlife blog, details are too thin at this point to know what caused the unusual event.
“There is not a lot of information provided about the sea turtles so we can only speculate regarding the cause of this mortality,” he tells Inverse. “Given that officials are conducting laboratory tests, we can probably rule out purposeful killing by predators (including people). However, turtles could be drowned in fishing nets. Other potential causes could be stress changed by changing temperatures, a bacteria or virus or even a parasite.”
Oddly enough, El Salvador has experienced similar sea turtle deaths several times in the recent past. In September and October of 2013, hundreds of sea turtles were found dead off El Salvador's coast. Authorities at the time claimed a neurotoxin sometimes formed by algae — called saxitoxin — might have caused it. According to EcoWatch, saxitoxin killed roughly 100 sea turtles back in 2010, and another 500 even before that, in 2006.
Guardarrecursos del MARN localizaron entre 300 y 400 tortugas marinas muertas flotando a unas 7 millas náuticas frente a Bahía de Jiquilisco pic.twitter.com/331QZc5eXX — MARN El Salvador (@MARN_SV) November 2, 2017
Without the lab results back, it's almost impossible to say what could've caused this tragedy. Sea turtles are already very vulnerable due to habitat loss and poaching. Hopefully understanding this mass death will help conservationists prevent it from happening again in the future.
Filter results by date
Meet Hazrat Zazai, Afghanistan's Chris Gayle He came up in cricket idolising the West Indian superstar. Last year, he equalled Gayle's record for fastest T20 fifty. Last week, he made 162 not out in a game
Wahab (nearly) dismantles Waston An epic tale of bowler v batsman
Bangladesh tour of New Zealand, 2018-19 Onus on Bangladesh batsmen to find remedy for swing, pace, and bounce Injuries to key men in the batting unit won't help the cause of the visitors, who were blanked in the preceding ODI series
India v Australia, 2nd T20I, Bengaluru India must use Krunal Pandya like Mumbai Indians do He must bat in the top five in T20Is, with a second allrounder in the XI to add to the lower-order muscle
All-time South Africa World Cup XI Liam Brickhill, ESPNcricinfo's South Africa correspondent, picks his all-time South Africa World Cup XI
India women v England women, 2nd ODI, Wankhede Pandey and Goswami serve up perfect fast-bowling cocktail The two presented a rare sight of a pair of Indian quicks dictating terms to a champion side on a typical subcontinent surface
Women's bowling performance of the year Nat finds her rhythm Natalie Sciver's three wickets and 20 dot balls helped book England's berth in the World T20 semi-final
Stuart Armstrong is a James Martin research fellow at the Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford where he looks at issues such as existential risks in general and Artificial Intelligence in particular. Stuart is also the author of Smarter Than Us: The Rise of Machine Intelligence and, after participating in a fun futurist panel discussion with him – Terminator or Transcendence, I knew it is time to interview Armstrong on my podcast.
During our conversation with Stuart we cover issues such as: his transition from hard science into futurism; the major existential risks to our civilization; the mandate of the Future of Humanity Institute; how can we know if AI is safe and what are the best approaches towards it; why experts are all over the map; humanity's chances of survival…
My favorite quote from this interview with Stuart Armstrong is: “If we don't get whacked by the existential risks, the future is probably going to be wonderful.”
As always you can listen to or download the audio file above or scroll down and watch the video interview in full. To show your support you can write a review on iTunes, make a direct donation or become a patron on Patreon.
Who is Stuart Armstrong?
Stuart Armstrong was born in St Jerome, Quebec, Canada in 1979. His research at the Future of Humanity Institute centers on formal decision theory, the risks and possibilities of Artificial Intelligence, the long-term potential for intelligent life, and anthropic (self-locating) probability. Stuart is particularly interested in finding decision processes that give the “correct” answer under situations of anthropic ignorance and ignorance of one's own utility function, ways of mapping humanity's partially defined values onto an artificial entity, and the interaction between various existential risks. He aims to improve the understanding of the different types and natures of uncertainties surrounding human progress in the mid-to-far future.
Armstrong's Oxford D.Phil was in parabolic geometry, calculating the holonomy of projective and conformal Cartan geometries. He later transitioned into computational biochemistry, designing several new ways to rapidly compare putative bioactive molecules for virtual screening of medicinal compounds.
Here's everything you need to know about the home video release of HBO's Game of Thrones: The Complete First Season. EW.com exclusively has the release date, the list of extensive bonus features, a ton of screen shots, and first-look video clip from one of the documentaries.
The fantasy drama is arguably the most anticipated DVD release for a TV series that's aired this year. And with the show's expected home video revenue factored as a major player in the show's finances, it's no surprise HBO has pulled out all the stops. Based on the two disks I previewed, Thrones was given a lavish presentation. The sophisticated menu navigation and behind-the-scenes extras that are on par with DVD sets from hit movies rather than what fans typically receive for TV shows.
Game of Thrones arrives in stores on March 6, 2012. The cost: $79.98 for BD and $59.99 for standard-def DVD. Here's a list of all the extras followed by 11 exclusive pics and then a video clip from one the of the documentaries.
Both the DVD and Blu-ray versions include the first season's 10 episodes, plus (descriptions are the official text): Complete Guide to Westeros “An interactive compendium of the noble houses and lands featured in season one.” Making Game of Thrones “An exclusive 30-minute feature including never-before-seen footage from the set and interviews from the cast and crew.” Character Profiles “Profiles of 15 major characters as described by the actors portraying them.” Creating the Show Open “An inside look at the creation of the Emmy-winning opening title sequence for Game of Thrones.” From the Book to the Screen “Executive producers David Benioff & D.B. Weiss, and author George R.R. Martin talk about the challenges of bringing Martin's epic fantasy novel to life on HBO.” The Night's Watch “An in-depth look at the unique order of men who patrol and protect the Wall, a 700 foot ice structure that separates the Seven Kingdoms from the darkness beyond.” Creating the Dothraki Language “An insightful glance into the comprehensive language created for the Dothraki people in Game of Thrones.” Audio Commentaries “Seven audio commentaries with Cast and Crew including David Benioff, D.B. Weiss, George R.R. Martin, Emilia Clarke, Peter Dinklage, Kit Harington, and more.”
BLU-RAY ONLY: ALL THE FEATURES ABOVE PLUS:
Blu-ray Complete Guide to Westeros “An interactive compendium of the noble houses and lands featured in season one, PLUS 24 exclusive histories of the Seven Kingdoms as told by the characters themselves.” In-Episode Guide “In-feature resource that provides background information about on-screen characters, locations, and relevant histories while each episode plays.” Anatomy of an Episode “An in-episode experience that explores the creative minds and colossal efforts behind episode six, ‘A Golden Crown.'” Hidden Dragon Eggs “Find the hidden dragon eggs to uncover even more never-before-scene content.”
There's no deleted scenes from the series itself — the producers used almost everything they shot. I'd love to tell you about the Dragon Eggs, but I'm sworn to silence on that one. The making-of extras should please longtime Ice & Fire fans looking for more detail, while the character profiles and major houses compendium are useful to newcomers who could use some background to help follow the complex show.
NEXT: Ready for some exclusive screen-shot pics?
PAGE ONE -- Settlement in Rapper's Trial For Boy's Death
Under a confidential settlement reached yesterday, a record company for rap star Tupac Shakur has agreed to pay between $300,000 and $500,000 to the parents of a 6-year-old boy who was killed by a stray bullet during a scuffle at an outdoor festival in Marin City in 1992, The Chronicle has learned.
Attorneys for Shakur and the parents of Qa'id Walker-Teal reached the settlement in a lawsuit brought by the dead child's family after several hours of closed-door negotiations and before any witnesses to the shooting took the stand. The agreement came one day after opening statements in the trial of the wrongful death suit.
The lawyers would not publicly discuss details of the pact. However, sources familiar with the agreement said a record firm, whose name they would not disclose, will pay the parents more than $300,000, but less than $500,000, to settle the suit. They would not be more specific about the amount.
Before the trial began, representatives for Shakur offered a $300,000 settlement; it was rejected. Shakur, whose music and lyrics are laced with references to sex and violence, has been arrested six times since 1993 on various charges including assault. Last month, the 24-year-old was released on $1.4 million bail from a state prison in New York while he appeals a conviction for sexually abusing a fan at a Manhattan hotel.
Shakur, who did not attend the proceeding, and Qa'id's parents were unavailable last night for comment.
In their opening remarks Monday, lawyers for both sides agreed that the bullet that hit the boy came from a .380 Colt automatic handgun that was registered to Shakur. But they gave differing versions of how the shooting took place.
In their lawsuit, the boy's parents, Ocita Teal and Darrell Walker, accused Shakur and his half- brother Maurice Harding of causing the death of their son on the afternoon of Aug. 22, 1992.
Jane Lovell, representing Qa'id's parents, told the jury in her opening remarks that Shakur was carrying a concealed weapon when a fight broke out, that he drew the weapon and brandished it, but dropped it -- and then yelled at Harding to "get the gun." She said several shots were fired, including the one that killed Qa'id on a nearby school yard.
Shakur's lawyer, Dennis Cunningham, told the jury that the rap musician was posing for photographs and signing autographs for more than an hour before the fight broke out. Shakur, who lived as a teenager with his mother in Marin City, was living at the time in Oakland.
Suddenly, Shakur and Harding, who had accompanied the rap star, were attacked by a mob of angry people who said they were insulted by derogatory remarks they claimed Shakur had made about Marin City in a broadcast interview, Cunningham said. At one point, someone fired a gun over the heads of the crowd to scare them off, the lawyer said.
Qa'id was pedaling his bicycle at a school playground nearby when a bullet struck him in the forehead and killed him. No one was ever charged with the boy's death. Police held Shakur for 12 hours and Harding for several days after the shooting. Each was released for lack of evidence.
Qa'id's parents planned to call as many as 29 witnesses to the events involving the shooting. The trial, which also would have included police witnesses, was expected to take about a month.
Final settlement negotiations in the civil case took place outside the presence of the jury. At about 3 p.m., the lawyers privately disclosed the settlement agreement to Judge Gerald Ragan. The judge then called the 12-member jury back to the courtroom, dismissed them and ordered the case file sealed from public view.
"The matter has been resolved and settled satisfactorily between and among the parties, and the court record has been ordered sealed," court reporter Sherry Reed said.
The shooting occurred during an annual outdoor festival that in 1992 celebrated Marin City's 50th anniversary. The community festival, among the longest-running events conducted by African Americans in Northern California, has not been held since Qa'id's death.
Change.Org Petition Asks for Bike Lanes on North Figueroa
The Los Angeles County Bicycle Coalition's East L.A. Bike Ambassador Program is proving to be one of its most active local programs. While the group is meeting again tonight to discuss strategy for working with the city to improve bicycle access and safety in East and Northeast Los Angeles.
It's been a cause celeb for many bike advocates to expand the Figueroa! (aka South Figueroa Corridor Project) to Figueroa Street in Northeast Los Angeles. Now that desire has taken the form of an online petition at Change.Org asking LADOT and City Planning for Bike Lanes on North Figueroa Street between Colorado and San Fernando Boulevards.
As of publication, the petition has over 200 signatures, an impressive number but well short of the 500 signatures goal. You can sign the petition by clicking here.
In the petition the LACBC brings up more than just bike friendliness as a reason to invest in bike infrastructure. They focus on how a strong bike network creates a safer environment for all road users, fosters a stronger sense of community and increases the incentive for people to shop locally.
0 100,000 people celebrate Charlotte Pride without issues
CHARLOTTE, N.C. - The colors and costumes were vibrant, and the energy electric, as thousands filled the streets of uptown Sunday for Charlotte's Pride Parade.
More than 100,000 people were expected to attend this weekend's Charlotte Pride Festival.
"It's a fun time,” participant Tracey Russ said. “It's also a celebration of rights and achievement of rights that are important still to be protected."
It was a giant party down Tryon Street, but surrounding the parade route, and in the middle of it, were Charlotte-Mecklenburg police, and barriers noticeably protecting the crowds.
"I've seen officers on every corner," one paradegoer said.
"On bikes, blocking off streets and everything, to make sure everyone's safe, so yes, we've seen a lot of security," another participant said.
Officers on scene said the Charlotte Pride Festival went smoothly all weekend. Officers monitored a small group of protesters near the parade stand who remained peaceful.
Not a single person told Channel 9 they felt unsafe, even with recent events across the nation and world.
"Charlottesville is on my mind and I'm sure the minds of many people here," Russ said.
"That's why a celebration is so important because we need to move back to love,” Mike Wirth said. “There's so much hate."
"If you're scared to come to be yourself, then what's the point?" Paige Laughsch asked.
Thousands of supporters of the LGBT community attended this weekend's festival.
With the festival, more police officers were on duty keeping uptown safe.
"It's very important you know in this time you know that we actually come together as a whole," resident Coleman Crooks said.
[GALLERY: Charlotte Pride festival and parade]
Sunday's parade started at 9th and North Tryon streets and ended at the judge's stand on Trade and Tryon streets.
People at the festivities said they were happy to see the increased security, especially after violent protests both in Charlottesville, Virginia, and across the nation.
"It's always good to just come out and do this despite what's happened, despite security problems or what people are scared of or what might happen,” Jamie Williams said. “It's great to see people coming out and doing it anyway."
Pride banners went up for the event Friday morning.
[TRAFFIC: Charlotte Pride parade and festival road closures]
Beforehand, police said they did not expect any violent or extremist groups to disrupt the festival.
"Things have changed around the world,” said Maj. Gerald Smith, of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department.
Police officers said they are constantly changing tactics to protect large crowds.
Smith said the police department was only aware of one group of peaceful protesters who planned to show up this weekend.
"We've worked diligently to put together a plan that we think will increase safety significantly up here,” Smith said.
In June, Charlotte Pride organizers told a group called Deplorable Pride it wouldn't be allowed to participate in the parade because of its political views.
Deplorable Pride protested during the parade.
Deplorable Pride is a group of conservative LGBT supporters who said they were denied a float in the parade because of their support for President Trump.
“The Republican party under Trump is a completely different party,” said Chris O'Shea, of Deplorable Pride. “We're completely open-minded and pro-LGBT, so this is an opportunity for us to be out here, express our right to free speech and show support for the LGBT community as Trump supporters.”
Charlotte Pride isn't allowing 'Gays For Trump' to have a float in the parade. Now the group is planning a peaceful protest. @wsoctv https://t.co/tQSkarle3V — Gina Esposito (@GinaWSOC9) August 25, 2017
Charlotte Pride sent Channel 9 a statement saying that it reserves the right to deny groups which do not reflect the mission, vision, and values of the organization.
In the past, the festival has denied organizations with anti-LGBT views or with particular religious or public policy stances.
CMPD tells me they are not expecting any violent, or extremist groups here this weekend @wsoctv pic.twitter.com/iQtcK8g6kE — Elsa Gillis (@ElsaWSOC9) August 25, 2017
The CMPD said it contacted the Deplorable Pride organizer to make sure the protest would be peaceful.
“At the last event, you guys probably saw pictures of officers with rifles walking around at the ready. You'll see that at the pride parade as well, along with other things, to be able to mitigate any threats or dangers," Smith said.
Channel 9 found on Facebook that Charlotte antifa planned to protest if extremist groups from the right showed up.
“The Charlotte pride parade is this weekend and while it should be a wonderful and peaceful event we as a group opposed to bigots must be prepared for a possible counterprotest from the right. If you're going this weekend be prepared to rally should the bigots show up,” the group posted.
The nationwide antifa group said it fights fascism and racism, and some members have recently engaged in violent clashes across the country, including in North Carolina.
“We monitor social media. We monitor our intelligence outlets very carefully,” Smith said.
Charlotte Pride organizers said they support everyone's First Amendment rights, but beyond peaceful protests, they expect the weekend to go smoothly, as do the Charlotte residents Channel 9 spoke with in uptown.
“The pride festival has always attracted protests,” said Matt Comer, of Charlotte Pride.
Read more top trending stories on wsoctv.com:
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
CTVNews.ca Staff
Clean-up efforts are underway after a barge carrying hundreds of scrap cars suddenly tipped over Friday afternoon, spilling dozens of wrecked vehicles into a Victoria harbour.
An oily slick covered the water's surface at Victoria's inner harbour, but according to a Ministry of Environment official, there is no substantial environmental damage.
"From what we've seen, there's minimal on-water hydrocarbons or pollution," Laurie Boyle, an emergency response officer with the Ministry of Environment, told CTV Vancouver.
The vehicles were cleaned of fuel before being loaded onto the barge, preventing any significant oil spill. The pre-travel clean-up is mandatory for auto-recycling facilities under the B.C. Auto Recyclers' Regulation, Boyle said.
Booms were placed in the harbour to prevent polluted water from spreading. The ministry said as many as 20 vehicles fell into the water, but witnesses put the number closer to 50.
Witnesses reported hearing a loud noise before the vessel tipped over.
No one was injured in the incident, officials said. The cause of the spill is still unclear.
Worksafe B.C. and city officials were on site to provide support for clean-up crews along the shore, according to a city statement.
The vessel is owned by Seaspan Marine and was en route to a Washington port before the incident, according to Bart Reynolds, president of the company.
"I can't comment on who's responsible for what at this stage,” Reynolds told CTV Vancouver on Friday. "We don't have full details on what happened. The barge is currently listing hard against the dock. We believe it's hard grounded at this point."
Schnitzer Steel is the American company that recycles the cars. The company has declined to answer any questions about the incident.
Workers were expected to wait for the tide to drop before unloading the remaining vehicles from the barge.
B.C. follows the “polluter-pay” model when it comes to industrial accidents that cause environmental damage. That means the party responsible for accident has to pay for the required cleanup and environmental recovery efforts.
No fines will be laid in connection with the incident until investigators determine the cause of the spill.
Review: Holly Herndon, 'Platform'
toggle caption Courtesy of the artist
Holly Herndon works in a post-human mode that's become customary in electronic music, yet remains abstract in realms beyond. Voices figure heavily in Platform, her follow-up to a breakthrough album in 2012, but they're spliced, diced, dissected — too processed, in any case, to suggest origins in a fleshy human being with dynamic feelings and moods.
That doesn't mean dynamism is absent, though. From the start, Platform draws drama out of changes in speed and texture and many little parts that work together to make a sort of musical machine. Not music by a machine or for a machine ­— it's music as a machine itself, with working orders and operating procedures that make for different kinds of effects. Some of those effects prove surprisingly human in the end.
"Interference" opens with a stuttering, strobing display of many of the techno-minded sounds enlisted throughout; the track has a gentle sense of propulsion suited less for a dance club than a movie scene in which a forlorn protagonist drives down a highway at night. "Chorus" is more rhythmically fitful, with slow, foreboding parts that launch into fleet beats for brief spells at a time. "Unequal" swerves from there, its operatic voices sounding more like avant-garde classical music than anything else.
"Morning Sun" marks another in a series of drastic changes, with a bright rising call to action ("wake up, wake up," it whispers repeatedly) before "Locker Leak" presents more voices declaiming loud and clear. What they're declaiming is hard to discern, exactly — among the utterances: "Who lasts? Glass lasts" and "Be the first of your friends to like Greek yogurt this summer" — but the effect is one of an alien life force trying to figure out how to emulate a state of personhood, like Scarlett Johansson's character in Under The Skin. By the end of Platform, it proves convincing enough to cast Herndon as a musician with more to say than her abstraction suggests at the start.
After 15 days of chaotic activity when he made heads spin around the world, President Donald Trump flew from Washington on Friday for the Florida mansion he calls the Winter White House, leaving behind a faintly traumatised US capital.
The exhausting first two weeks of the Trump presidency were bookended by an obsessive fixation with his inaugural crowd size and his use of a usually solemn speech at the national prayer breakfast to continue a feud with Arnold Schwarzenegger over ratings for The Apprentice.
Bannon, Kushner and Priebus: rivals for power at the heart of Trump's team Read more
The turbulent character of the early days has looked little different from the insurgent campaign that propelled him to the Oval Office as he has escalated tensions with Mexico, flouted diplomatic norms with Australia, picked fights with members of his own party and signed a flurry of executive orders that have already reshaped perceptions of America on the global stage.
At the center of it all has been a cast of characters jockeying for Trump's ear, creating a struggle for power that has manifested in a mix of chaos, leaks and uncertainty.
The Trump White House already bears more resemblance to the court of a Renaissance king than to most prior administrations as favorites come and go, counselors quarrel over favor and policy decisions are often made by whim or without consultation.
Steve Bannon, the former Goldman Sachs rightwing ideologue, now chief strategist and counselor to the president has been virtually ever present in the Oval Office since inauguration day, bringing to the center of American politics the apocalyptic worldview that turned his Breitbart website into a magnet for conservatives who thrilled to its sensationalist headlines and vented their anger in its comments section.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Steve Bannon (right) and the national security adviser, Michael Flynn, sit in on Donald Trump's testy phone call with the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull. Photograph: Drew Angerer/Getty Images
A Cardinal Richelieu in cargo pants, he guides many key ideological decisions, giving Trump's early policy moves the look of a Breitbart daily news list. His loyal ally Stephen Miller, a 31-year-old former Capitol Hill staffer, has proved to be a lightning rod for criticism as Trump's ban on refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries swiftly unravelled.
Miller, the policy director and speechwriter, was a staffer for Jeff Sessions – the Alabama senator who was a relatively obscure immigration hawk until Trump and Bannon adopted him as the intellectual force at the back of their rightwing radicalism.
Sessions, who has been nominated to be Trump's attorney general, has a reactionary record on race, voting rights and immigration. He opposes same-sex marriage, and when Trump was caught on tape talking of grabbing women “by the pussy”, Sessions called it a “stretch” to characterize that as sexual assault.
Miller often served as Trump's warm-up man on the campaign trail, whipping up rallies as crowds chanted “build the wall”, and wrote Trump's speeches, attempting to mold the candidate's stream of consciousness into complete sentences. Miller, with Bannon, was responsible for the “American carnage” inauguration speech which delivered Trump's dark vision of the country he was inheriting from Barack Obama.
On the other side is Reince Priebus, the former chair of the Republican National Committee, who could hardly be further removed in personality and style: mild where those around him are brash. As chief of staff, he should be the gatekeeper, but has struggled to assert himself. He has already been briefed against, including a memorable quote this week in the Washington Post, in which an anonymous official said of him: “A little bit of under-competence and a slight amount of insecurity can breed some paranoia and backstabbing,” adding: “We have to get Reince to relax into the job and become more competent, because he's seeing shadows where there are no shadows.”
Trump's inauguration crowd: Sean Spicer's claims versus the evidence Read more
Another who is visibly struggling is Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary who also came on board from the RNC. The daily face of the administration behind the lectern in the Brady press briefing room, his side parting, and pocket square precision have not been matched when he opens his mouth – the typically hour-long sessions slide from attempts at false bonhomie to bitter personal attacks on individual journalists. Often shouting, this week he got into another Alice in Wonderland battle with the facts when he denied that Trump's immigration ban was really a ban, even though it was pointed out to him by reporters that, both he and the president himself had repeatedly used the word to describe one of the first signature policies of the new administration.
“But the president himself called it a ban,” a reporter said. “So is he confused, or are you confused?”
“I'm not confused. The words that are being used to describe it are derived from what the media is calling it. He has been very clear that it is extreme vetting.”
Perhaps the most high-profile person from Trump's orbit, Kellyanne Conway, remains precisely that: a public face of the administration whose primary role appears to be hopscotching between the news networks almost as performance art.
The pollster had worked on the conservative right with the National Rifle Association, Newt Gingrich and Trump's own vice-president, Mike Pence, before bringing a steely professionalism to Trump's campaign. Her forceful, combative style with television inquisitors has been mostly impressive – although her use of the phrase “alternative facts” to justify the Trump White House view of the world will probably hang around her neck for years to come.
All the while in the background lurk Trump's daughter and son-in-law, Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Donald Trump and his daughter Ivanka walk to board Marine One at the White House on Thursday. Photograph: Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images
As Trump's wife Melania has disappeared from public view, opting to remain in New York City where their 10-year-old son Barron attends school, Ivanka has served as a de facto first lady. She visited Dover air force base with her father on Wednesday to honor the first US service member killed under Trump's watch.
Kushner, who ran much of the Trump campaign, is one of his father-in-law's closest advisers, somehow elevated from Manhattan property deals to security clearance at the heart of government and a seat in the situation room.
So far he has been scarcely visible – popping up to fill out the chorus line behind Trump in Oval Office photocalls as the president flourishes another executive order. Yet when a special forces raid in Yemen that led to the death of an American soldier was approved, Kushner sat with Bannon and Priebus while Trump made the decision.
The growing influence of Bannon has sounded alarm bells across Washington, even among Republicans. While most lawmakers from Trump's own party are reticent to insert their opinion into his staffing decisions, his decision to elevate the former Breitbart CEO to the National Security Council was met with concern for potentially insulating the president from experienced professionals in favor of his political allies.
“It sounds problematic to me,” said Lindsey Graham, a senator from South Carolina who was a vocal critic of Trump's during the presidential campaign.
“The National Security Council has been driven by professional folks. I've never seen a situation where someone who's more from the political realm has a permanent seat. I don't think that's a good precedent.”
James Lankford, a Republican from Oklahoma who sits on the Senate intelligence committee, said Bannon's appointment was “obviously a political position in the middle of a body that is usually distinctly non-political”.
“Obviously the president can choose how he's going to have the inner workings of his White House,” he said. “It'll be of interest to us just how it operates.”
Schwarzenegger proposes job swap after Trump takes jab at Apprentice ratings Read more
But the unveiling of the first major Bannon-driven policy, framed as a matter of urgent national security, was nothing short of tumultuous.
Last Friday, Trump ended the first week of his presidency by temporarily suspending all refugee admissions to the US and placing a moratorium on immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, spiraling the US government into days of chaos that played out globally.
The executive order, shaped by Bannon and Miller, made good on Trump's campaign promise to crack down on Muslim immigration to the US. Chaos ensued at airports across the country, as officials acting upon the administration's order hadn't a clue how to implement it. Green card holders and interpreters who served alongside the US military in war-torn countries were swept up in its broad implications, and even young children were detained for hours.
It was soon revealed that neither John Kelly nor James Mattis, the new secretaries of homeland security and the defense department, had been fully briefed in advance. Nor had congressional leaders, with even the House speaker, Paul Ryan, telling reporters days later that he only learned of what was in the travel ban as the policy was being issued.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stephen Miller: ‘He's really clicked with the president and understands how the president wants to articulate and frame things,' one former Trump adviser said. Photograph: Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
Miller, the architect of the order, was sent out to defend the ban on national television as a split-screen carried the widespread protests prompted by the dramatic shift in policy.
But despite Miller's vigorous justification for what the White House dubbed as “extreme vetting”, the damage had been done. A number of Republicans, who might have otherwise supported Trump's action had they been involved in the process, sharply criticized the administration's handling of the ordeal and called for swift changes.
The botched rollout of the travel ban, according to a veteran of Capitol Hill and Republican campaigns, was emblematic of the challenges posed by the current power structure surrounding Trump.
“There are not enough people of that ilk with the requisite experience to successfully operate the federal government,” said the strategist, who requested anonymity to speak more freely.
“At the same time, the scope of the decisions that have to be made by the executive branch of the US government is so vast that you have to delegate power.”
The tension surrounding the travel ban and its immediate aftermath also laid bare the fissures emerging between the various factions within the White House.
As Bannon and Miller called the shots behind the scenes, crafting a policy that played directly to Trump's base, Priebus and Spicer found themselves tasked with cleaning up the mess.
Miller did, however, face the heat when MSNBC host Joe Scarborough launched into a stinging rebuke on his morning talkshow – regularly watched by Trump himself.
“You've got a very young person in the White House on a power trip thinking that you can just write executive orders and tell all of your cabinet agencies to go to hell,” Scarborough said, before addressing Miller plainly.
“By the time you're 35, maybe you'll know how Washington and the White House really works.
“If you're still around,” he added. “I hope you're not.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kellyanne Conway and Steve Bannon share a lighter moment in the Oval Office. Photograph: Jonathan Ernst/Reuters
Some close to Trump defended Miller, framing the outrage over the travel ban as driven by negative media coverage. Jason Miller, a former adviser to Trump, no relation to Stephen Miller, said the young aide had developed a unique understanding of Trump and his appeal on the campaign trail.
“Steve really understands the economic populism movement both from his time working in conservative politics and being on the campaign trail,” Jason Miller told the Guardian.
“He's really clicked with the president and understands how the president wants to articulate and frame things.”
Jason Miller also contested reports of dysfunction inside the West Wing, deeming many of the leaks from within the administration as the work of government officials who never wished for Trump to get elected.
“Are some people getting their knickers in a twist because of the changes? Yeah,” he said. “But these are the things the president said he was going to fight for and advocate.”
The core team at Trump's side inside the Oval Office, Miller added, was unlikely to change.
Trump's campaign was nonetheless rocked by repeated shakeups. And the Trump White House is expected to be no different, where staffers of even the most even-keeled presidents are prone to burn out after only a few years.
To some observers, those surrounding Trump are ultimately powerless in the face of a president who obsessively drives his own image.
Referring to Trump's contentious call with the Australian prime minister, Lindsey Graham said the incident was a precise example of where regardless of those standing at his shoulder, “the words of the president of the United States really matter”.
“Eventually he's the president. He's the guy on the phone,” Graham said.
“And to the extent that politics is music, he's off key.”
The inner circle
Steve Bannon: Trump's dishevelled chief strategist has brought his rightwing Breitbart website agenda to the seat of power and has been a virtual ever-present in the Oval Office.
Steve Bannon's Islamophobic film script just one example of anti-Muslim views Read more
Steve Miller: an ex-Capitol Hill staffer who has risen from role as Trump's election rally warm-up man to writing the “American carnage” inauguration speech and botching the chaotic roll-out of the immigration ban.
Reince Priebus: the chief of staff who came from within the Republican party machine to try to professionalise the freewheeling Trump operation. Already facing questions over his ability to control.
Jared Kushner: the son-in-law with security clearance. Property deals in Manhattan swapped for a role in the conversation when the US launched a raid in Yemen.
Ivanka Trump: daughter stepped in on first lady duties, joining her father aboard Marine One when he went to honour the return of a fallen US Navy Seal killed in the Yemen commando raid.
Kellyanne Conway: combative defender of the Trump administration on the airwaves – certain to be forever remembered for proposing “alternative facts”.
Sean Spicer: clean-cut, well-scrubbed but not very polished. The White House spokesman rapidly defaults to rage in the briefing room. Period.
Credit: DC Comics
Credit: DC Comics
DC have announced new creative teams for Aquaman, New Suicide Squad and Teen Titans to begin in February 2016.
Dan Abnett and Vicente Cifuentes are taking over Aquaman beginning with February's #49, in what's described as "a new chapter" for Aquaman and Mera. DC's description of the story is as follows: "In the aftermath of the Thule invasion, Aquaman must show the people of Atlantis that he was the target of a conspiracy and earn their trust once more. And no, it's not going to be easy..."
Credit: DC Comics
February's New Suicide Squad #17 fill feature the new creative team of writer Tim Seeley and artist Juan Ferreyra. "Indentured super villain Harley Quinn has made covert contact with someone outside the walls of Belle Reve prison," says DC's description of the first issue," and this mysterious savior has discovered the secrets of Amanda Waller and Task Force X."
Lastly, Greg Pak and Noel Rodriguez are taking over Teen Titans, continuing the recent storyline. "With their backs against the wall, the Titans are wanted across the country! Now, Tim Drake must find a way to clear the team's name while staying one step ahead of the law. But Wonder Girl's past is also catching up with her and it won't wait for the Titans' troubles to calm down."
All three creative teams begin with February's books.
"The rise of all these new tokens and public blockchains means the internet will, in the long term, become by far the biggest 'stock' market — once the regulatory issues are worked through — just as it has become the biggest library."
The second point is that this is an international phenomenon; like bitcoin regulation, we'll probably see many different paradigms for token regulation around the world.
Jackson: You often hear that, if the SEC doesn't embrace cryptos, the community will move to places like Zug, Switzerland. What's your view?
Srinivisan: It's not really a future event — the community is already there and growing fast. Crypto is already far more geographically decentralized than (say) search or social. The major players in many other tech verticals are often in the Bay Area and Seattle; the major players in crypto are already spread all over the world. Ethereum for example has its major two loci in Brooklyn and Berlin, with its foundation in Switzerland.
Jackson: Why won't the SEC require tokens only to be sold to accredited investors?
Srinivasan: Without speaking for them, I believe their position as outlined in their filing is that if it doesn't pass the three prongs of the Howey test then it may not be a security. Obviously not everything that appreciates in value is a security. For example, a house can appreciate in value, but you can (and many people do) buy it for the use value. A domain name likewise can appreciate in value, but it's not a security. And from another standpoint a token is similar in many ways to an API key, but that's also not a security. It would be crippling to the U.S. economy to restrict the sale of houses, domains, or API keys solely to the 3 percent of Americans that are accredited U.S. investors.
Jackson: What can and can't be tokenized?
Srinivasan: Tokenization applies to scarce assets. Today the most appropriate thing to tokenize is something that's purely digital. Bitcoin and ethereum are the canonical. Filecoin and Tezos are promising. I think as of 2017 it is somewhat fraught to try to tokenize something like a private asset or a stock given the regulatory uncertainty.
With that said, by say 2025-2030 I expect that there will be multiple jurisdictions that allow the tokenization of virtually any scarce resource, all the way down to personal tokens. That is, like Upstart.com, you may eventually be able to take a stake in an individual's tokens, giving them a lump sum of digital currency today in exchange for a smart-contract-enforced percentage of their future earnings.
Jackson: What's the upper bound for all tokens? Some point to $9 trillion in value of gold holdings, some point to use cases like increased value of unlocked private value — like a bump of 10 percent in the value of all REITs — others point to inherent value of transactions (TPV)? How do you assess what different tokens are valuable?
Srinivasan: Anything scarce will ultimately be tokenized, because the benefits of digitization and increased liquidity are so great. That means cash, stocks, bonds, commodities, houses, cars, digital goods of every kind, and perhaps human time as well in the form of the personal token described above.
The regulatory framework will likely eventually accommodate this. Only a few countries need to allow it, and the consequent creation of wealth will be so large that it'll push many of the rest to have a liberal tokenization regime as well.
Jackson: Someone tweeted this week that ICOs this year were like the glut of fiber optics in the dot-com era; it facilitates later build out of the space. Is this a fair analogy?
Srinivasan: Yeah, it's the Carlota Perez/Gartner Hype Cycle thing all over again. Virtually every major technology has an initial spike of interest, then a dip, and then a long-term rise to success. The dot-com bubble is the canonical example, but there are many more. Bitcoin alone has gone through at least four of these cycles.
Jackson: If the current craze is like the dot-com era, are we in 1996 or 1999?
Srinivasan: Hard to call the timing as that's like calling the top. Certainly you can make an ethereum 2017/Netscape 1995 comparison, or a bitcoin 2013/AOL 1993 comparison. Each wave of hype gets a bunch of smart people working on important problems, and that continues even after the hype recedes.
Jackson: Is tokenization going to lead to a barbell approach to VC where some firms become super-angels and others become more like hedge funds?
Srinivasan: I think tokenization eventually means everyone becomes an investor, once all the regulatory issues are worked out — from your computer itself to a kid in India messing around with $10. It also means everyone from angel to VC to growth to public markets investors starts to buy the same assets. Kind of like how packet switching turned many disparate forms of information (photos, video, audio, text) into packets, the blockchain is turning many disparate forms of scarcity into tokens.
Jackson: There are a lot of crypto hedge funds cropping up in the past two months. How do you assess their quality?
Srinivasan: Look at the team behind them, and of course their track record.
Jackson: Are we headed to a world where every business has a token?
Srinivasan: Eventually, probably yes. If you believe that recent Bloomberg article, frequent flyer miles are evidently a more profitable business for airlines than actually flying people around.
Jackson: What are the cryptocurrencies that are most interesting to you (beyond bitcoin and ethereum)?
Srinivasan: ZCash, Tezos, Filecoin.
Jackson: Are all forks in cryptocurrencies a form of hidden inflation?
Srinivasan: I think they are more like a completely new way to consensually avoid inflation, and run actual experiments. If we could have forked the dollar in 2008 and had an exchange rate between BailoutDollars and AusterityDollars, probably AusterityDollars would have traded higher. But we don't know because we weren't able to run the experimental comparison between an inflating and non-inflating economy.
Jackson: How will we know which crypto companies today are going to grow to become the Amazons of the future?
Srinivasan: They'll say then what they always do: the big ones had great founders and teams. But that's usually only obvious in retrospect, and a necessary but not sufficient condition. Many great founders have one or more big failures on their track record. What makes them great is that they eventually succeed despite that.
Commentary by Eric Jackson, sign up for Eric's monthly Tech & Media Email. You can follow Eric on Twitter @ericjackson .
Before the New Orleans Saints drafted two Ohio State Buckeyes in the second round of last month's draft, Sean Payton turned to an old friend with some pretty good insight on them -- Ohio State coach Urban Meyer.
"We kind of grew up in the profession together," recalled Meyer, who was an assistant coach at Illinois State from 1988-1989 and Colorado State from 1990-1995, while Payton was beginning his coaching career at San Diego State and Indiana State.
Payton said he and Meyer got to know each other while recruiting the same areas, and they've stayed in touch ever since.
"I spent some time with him this year at the combine. And I just have a tremendous respect for a guy that has gone up through the ranks the way he has, and he's a winner," said Meyer, who said he remembers the young Payton as a "football junkie" who took his game to the next level when he latched on with Jon Gruden and the Philadelphia Eagles' staff in 1997.
Meyer said he would visit Payton with the Eagles while he was recruiting the area as an assistant coach with Notre Dame.
"I've never seen anyone outwork him," Meyer said. "We kind of grew up in college, and then he got around Jon Gruden and it was an opportunity for him to really grow as a coach."
New Saints receiver Michael Thomas and safety Vonn Bell were projected as second-round picks, but Meyer's insight and endorsement surely helped boost their stock in New Orleans.
Meyer said he thought both players were worthy of first-round draft picks.
"I've been fortunate to coach some first-round talent, and I believe they both were," Meyer said. "I think they're in a great place. I think they've got an excellent coach and coaching staff and tradition there, obviously at quarterback, I love watching them play. So I'm really happy they landed at a quality place."
Thomas 'a bit immature' at first
Neither Thomas nor Bell was an instant success at Ohio State, however. Thomas was actually redshirted as a sophomore after struggling as a freshman.
"He came here and was immature. Always a good person, but just a little bit immature. (Thomas) thought he was working hard, but he really wasn't," Meyer said. "He probably thought he was a little better than he was. He didn't know the offense, he was making too many mistakes, he was an excuse maker. And that's not an attack on Mike. That's a typical young player that maybe was a great player in high school, bit it's just a little harder in college."
But Meyer credited Thomas for the way he responded. And he credited both Thomas' father and his uncle -- Keyshawn Johnson -- for helping to get him on track academically and on the field.
"Then he went on a two-year run where he was exceptional. Exceptional in the classroom, graduated with a very good GPA, and became obviously our go-to receiver," Meyer said. "So I love Michael. His best attribute is that when he gets challenged, he's an extreme competitor. So I love guys like that."
Meyer said the 6-foot-3, 212-pound Thomas is indeed the kind of big target who can make catches in the red zone and in traffic that New Orleans needed after releasing Marques Colston.
"His ball skills are a 10 out of 10, aggressive to the ball, high points the ball. That's why he was so good down in the red zone for us," Meyer said. "He's learned to play big. He was one of those receivers, a little bit like his uncle, that once he learned to play big ... he's not a finesse player at all. That's not his game, and when he tries to be he's really average.
"When he plays to his size and strength, I think he's exceptional. So he really grew up as far as learning how to play with the physical-ness that he's been blessed with."
Bell has a 'corner skill set'
Bell played the field safety position, which is practically a cornerback position for the Buckeyes.
"He's got a corner skill set," Meyer said. "He played off-man coverage, basically on the No. 2 receiver all year. And (defensive assistant) Greg Schiano when I first hired him said, 'I think the most underrated guy on our defense was Vonn Bell.' Just because that's not an easy job description."
Bell (5-11, 199) started for two years after he battled his own freshman immaturity, according to Meyer.
"He was a little bit like Mike Thomas, a little bit immature, did not practice with the same intensity that he ended up being. But he became one of our best practice players," Meyer said. "Just typical maturity that takes place, especially with a good person. And that's exactly what he is, a good person, a great family, grew up fast. And him and (former Buckeyes safeties coach Chris Ash) really hit it off, and those two had an incredible working relationship."
Al Sharpton on Monday blasted Hollywood for being too white, after a series of leaked emails revealed racially insensitive dialogue between Sony Pictures co-chair Amy Pascal and movie producer Scott Rudin.
“Right now, Hollywood is like the Rocky Mountains, the higher up it goes, the whiter it looks,” Mr. Sharpton told TMZ Monday night.
The civil rights leader said he was “very offended” by the emails — leaked in a massive hack attack on Sony — between Ms. Pascal and Mr. Rudin, who joked back and forth about what movies President Obama presumably likes. “Django,” “12 Years a Slave,” and other films starring mostly black actors were suggested by both executives. They later apologized in separate statements explaining that they were just goofing around and meant no harm by it.
Mr. Sharpton said he's going to give Ms. Pascal “a lot of heck about the hack” when they sit down to to discuss the issue sometime in the near future with the Urban League's Marc Morial and the NAACP's Cornell Brooks.
“We'll determine there whether we are going to join calls for her resignation, or whether she is going to really, seriously going to deal with the fact that Hollywood really reflects a lot of what was said in that conversation,” he told TMZ. “There are no blacks with any real decision-making power. There's no diversity at the top. This could be a time to change Hollywood.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Samsung's next smartwatch will have NFC for Samsung Pay
According to sources, Samsung‘s next smartwatch, which may debut in September, will be equipped with an NFC chip. But it won't be for easy pairing with other NFC-bearing devices, at least not just for that. Instead, the NFC will be employed for making mobile payments through Samsung's yet to be launched Samsung Pay. This would put that still to be seen smartwatch closer and, once again, at odds with Apple and its Apple Watch, which uses the very same technology also for making mobile payments via Apple Pay.
In the context of Samsung Pay, this might hardly be surprsing. While Samsung Pay does support both NFC-based and regular Mag Stripe technologies, thanks to Samsung's acquisition of LoopPay, your smartwatch is hardly an ideal source of magnetic waves. So NFC it is. This, however, would add Samsung's next smart timepiece in an elite group of smartwatches that have that same feature, which, so far, only includes the Apple Watch, the LG Watch Urbane LTE, and the Sony SmartWatch 3. Well, there's also this Bulgari smartwatch, but it's totally in a league of its own.
That very short roster hints at something. Almost all of them, except for the SmartWatch 3, do not run Android Wear. And even Sony's smartwatch uses its custom API for it. Samsung will most likely use Tizen again for one good reason. The Android Wear platform seems to lack support for this particular wireless technology. In fact, in the beginning, only Bluetooth was really supported, since it is the most basic requirement for any smart wearable. Support for Wi-Fi was added only recently. Considering Google's unveiling of Android Pay, it might just be a matter of time before the platform adds it and smartwatch makers adopt it.
The NFC chip will hardly be the most exciting part of Samsung's next Gear wearable. Most interesting perhaps is the rotating dial that will surround and control the round-faced smartwatch. As an interaction method, it is quite novel for smartwatches and might prove to be more usable than the Apple Watch's crown.
As for Samsung Pay itself, the manufacturer has more or less officially announced its delay to September. At first, it seemed it was to time the launch with the unveiling of the Galaxy Note 5. But with this new tip, it might also coincide with the announcement of the next Samsung Gear.
SOURCE: Reuters
Fast, affordable, and ripe for modifying, hot hatches are the muscle cars of our generation. But they're also smart in the way big muscle never was. They use high-tech materials to keep their bodies lean and turbos to combine sports-car speed with 34-mpg economy. They don't need monster power to perform or entertain.
These are sophisticated back-road tools, the kind of vehicles that any car nut would love to own, if only he could put his prejudices aside. Cars that cost $25,000, but in terms of pure fun and inner-ear involvement, could be garaged next to a Porsche or Ferrari worth 10 times as much. They'd genuinely give you pause for thought when you had to reach—GTI or GT3?—for a set of keys.
In 2014, two of the very best hot hatches got better. Though in accordance with their history of careful evolution, they may seem like reboots of old TV shows, both the Volkswagen Golf GTI and Mini Cooper S are all new this year. New statements, same intent.
Josh Scott
Of course, according to the law of the tape measure, these cars aren't comparable. The Golf comes with two or four doors and seats five. The Mini is best considered a two-plus-two until next year's stretched-wheelbase four-door arrives. That's okay; we'll leave the rumination over the "hatch" bit to the pedants. We're here to think about the "hot."
A poor guy in an old Porsche Boxster waiting unprepared at a stoplight won't have much to celebrate after he's been smoked by a front-wheel-drive compact. This year's base GTI makes 210 hp from a turbocharged four, up from 200 hp, and our test car's optional Performance package doubles that gain, for 220. That's the kind of power a Bugatti Veyron loses between the couch cushions, but factor in a curb weight 82 pounds lighter than the old GTI's, and you've got a car that'll run to 60 mph in 5.8 seconds.
Sure, you can buy cars that'll rearrange your organs like a shotgun blast at close range, but how much of that performance can you actually use, day in and day out? How long can you keep your right foot planted before you have to back out, frustrated, barely scratching the surface of the car's potential?
Josh Scott
Less power means more opportunity to use it. You can row cars like the GTI out to their limiters time and again, all under a cloak of invisibility imparted by those demure, two-box lines. It's like being a bull in a china shop run by the deaf and blind.
And you know what? Even in the context of megapower modern performance cars, the GTI still feels amusingly quick. With an extra 51 lb-ft of torque in its latest iteration, the Golf is fast enough that it's never bogged down behind dawdlers, that it tosses off multicar passing maneuvers without breaking a sweat.
VW's interior materials are improved. Still plaid, still rad.
But it's not just the modest kick in the back that impresses about the GTI. It's that everything works so well together. It's your spine compressed into some of the best-dressed, most comfortable seats in the business, with pedals positioned more precisely than tableware at a White House dinner; a gauge pack easier to read than a bad hand at New York's Poker School; a manual shifter so fast and sweet that you have to question the logic in paying $1100 for the dual-clutch alternative.
Josh Scott
And in the latest 2.0-liter turbo engine, you've got a motor that manages to spread power evenly across the rev range while still digging in hard when you stretch it out to its 6100-rpm redline. It's more than just the performance that makes you question the cylinder count. This thing sounds monster-motor good, too, at least in Sport mode.
Back at the impromptu stoplight drag race, the Boxster man consoles himself with the Mini's scalp. The Porsche and, more to the point, the Volkswagen are more than the Cooper S can handle. This year's S bucks the downsizing trend by moving from 1.6 to 2.0 liters, which corresponds to an additional 8 hp and 30 lb-ft. That gives it 189 hp—some 21 hp under the Golf—but then, the Mini is carrying 339 fewer pounds. It's not enough. The Mini takes 6.4 seconds to reach 60 mph, leaving it more than a half-second adrift.
In the Golf, there's a lot less fuss. If the Mini makes you look like a hero, the GTI is a medal of valor presentation on wheels.
But having just waxed lyrical about a car that's only moderately quick, can we really knock one that's a tick or two slower? No, and besides, this is one area where the human g-meter and the real thing don't see eye-to-eye. The Cooper still feels punchy and has plenty to commend it. The manual transmission isn't quite as slick as the Golf's, but it is all new this year, as flickable as the steering, and finally comes with a shift knob that doesn't feel like the top half has come off in your hand.
Josh Scott
At the shifter's base, you'll find a lever controlling the Mini's three driving modes. The now-obligatory efficiency setting delivers a throttle response so soggy, it inadvertently mimics the yawning turbo lag of that 1000-hp Toyota Supra you created in Gran Turismo. You'll likely use it once and never touch it again.
Sport mode, though, you'll come back to. Engage it by flicking the lever to the left, and a graphic on the dash display explains you now have "maximum go-kart feel," either a bit of relief from the VW's po-faced Germanness or an excruciating example of the Disneyfication of speed, depending on your point of view. Unarguably welcome, however, are the muted pops and chuffs that Sport ushers from the Mini's center tailpipes, along with sparkier throttle response and an automatic rev-matching function on downshifts that's so annoyingly perfect, the bastard love child of James Brown and Walter Röhrl couldn't do a better job.
As good as the deconstructed experience is, the Mini's constituent parts don't gel like the GTI's. The driving position never feels as natural, or the controls as intuitive, although the speedo and tach are, finally, both mounted firmly ahead of the driver; that giant hoop in the dash now houses an infotainment display that appears to be framed by glow sticks.
Josh Scott
Throw a few curves into the mix, and it's the same story: cohesive unity versus the fleeting brilliance of individual components. The Mini shines in places, its short wheelbase granting it the agility you expect from a Cooper S, the wider track making it feel as firmly planted as trees. We liked its steering, the way it dives into turns, the reassuring feel of the brake pedal.
And it has plenty of torque to corrupt those front wheels, too—or it would if not for Mini's electronic differential lock. It's a brake-based system akin to that on a base GTI, nipping the rotor of a spinning inside wheel to help turn the car and redistribute torque across the axle (although VW's system goes one further and also brakes the inside rear wheel). Get right-foot-heavy into a corner and the Cooper subtly dials out your excess, the gently blinking stability-control light letting you know the car is making you look good, not the other way around.
In the Golf, same curve, same speed, same amount of gas, there's a lot less fuss. If the Mini makes you look like a hero, hurling the GTI through bends is a medal of valor presentation ceremony on wheels. Both cars use struts up front and a multilink rear axle. Both send their power solely to the front wheels, but our test Mini's all-season rubber can't match the stick of our test GTI's summer tires.
Josh Scott
There's something else, though. Remember that meager 10-hp boost from the VW's Performance pack? Turns out your $1495 also buys brakes an inch larger, and, more important, a proper slice of supercar, in the form of an electronically controlled locking differential. This doesn't just stave off understeer, it comes out guns blazing and sends tire slip into retreat.
Nail the gas in a powerful front-drive car with a traditional mechanical limited-slip, and the steering corruption often makes it feel like one front wheel has hooked a cable. But, just like a Ferrari 458 Italia, the GTI's e-diff can send up to 100 percent of its torque to the outside front wheel. Because this locking action is constantly monitored and adjusted electronically, you get all the benefits without ruined steering feel.
The GTI isn't just hotter than the Mini. It's a better hatch, too.
It'd be a shame to ruin steering this good. Not the last word in feel, maybe, but vastly quicker with the adoption of a new variable-ratio rack. In theory, you get a slower ratio around the straight-ahead for freeway calm, and a faster one to make tight corners less twirly. But the moment you twist your wrists away from center, this latest GTI feels much more eager than previous examples.
Josh Scott
The Mini's even hungrier to turn, but a lot less composed if there are bumps when you do. Neither test car came with the optional adaptive dampers, and both trade a degree of urban civility for high-speed body control. But while the Cooper bucks around excitedly in response to bumps, the VW rolls on unperturbed. When you hit a winding road, the GTI sheds the Cooper like a snake wriggling from last year's skin.
Faux-reptile dash trim must be one of few interior options not yet available on the endlessly customizable Mini, but BMW has really played the luxury card this time. Gone are the hard console plastics and cheap heater controls. Newly arrived is a bright-red engine-start toggle switch that throbs like a mangled thumb in a Looney Tunes short. The Mini's newfound maturity runs deeper than tactile surfaces and detail jewelry, too. Boosting refinement was a key goal for Mini engineers; the result is an interior that's quieter than the GTI's in every situation.
Still, we'd happily put up with an extra decibel or two to sit behind the VW's wheel. Dominated by a 5.8-inch touchscreen display framed with lush, soft plastics, the GTI's champagne cockpit on a beer budget is even more stunning than it was last year. On a metal-for-money ratio, the VW is also ahead. It's a proper five-seater with a trunk almost three times as big as the Mini's, and each of the GTI's three trim levels comes with 18-inch wheels, a touchscreen infotainment system, and heated seats.
Josh Scott
The Mini's newfound maturity runs deeper than tactile surfaces and detail jewelry.
Out of the box, the Cooper delivers none of that and only toy-like, 16-inch rims. Both cars come standard with driving-mode selectors to alter the engine noise, and throttle and steering assistance, and damping, if you go for the adaptive chassis option in each. Give the latter serious consideration if you're shopping for the board-stiff Mini—that obsession with go-kart-like sensations feels like it's extended to bolting the control arms rigidly to the body.
Whether you buy into the Cooper's retro shtick or prefer the GTI's cool, mature approach, what matters is that, when you strip away the brand baggage, you're left with two cars better built and more fun than their humble roots would have you believe. Neither they nor their thrills feel cheap. The brilliant new GTI, as complete a performance-car package as anything on the market, just happens to deliver them bigger and better than the rest.
Sturridge scored 25 goals as Liverpool finished second in the Premier League last season
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers says Daniel Sturridge is as "down as I've ever seen him" following news that the striker will be out until the new year with a fresh thigh injury.
The 25-year-old injured his thigh in training on Tuesday and scans show a different problem to the ones that have limited him to three games this season.
"He's a player who doesn't want to be out for this length of time. He wants to play football," said Rodgers.
"He's just been extremely unfortunate."
Sturridge, who scored 25 goals last season, suffered a thigh strain while with England in September before picking up a calf strain in training in October.
Daniel Sturridge factfile Signed for Liverpool in January 2013 Former clubs are Coventry City (youth), Manchester City, Chelsea and Bolton Wanderers (loan) Made England debut in November 2011 against Sweden Represented Great Britain at the London 2012 Olympics, scoring twice Scored 21 goals for Liverpool in the 2013-14 Premier League season, 25 in total
He had only returned to full training last week before picking up his latest injury.
"He's as down as I've ever seen him," added Rodgers.
"Now is the time for him to go away and see what more we can do to get him on the pitch consistently because he is a world class talent and he will only fulfil that if he is playing games. He wants that more than anyone.
"Daniel has had up to nine injuries on that same thigh over a period time, not just over the last six or seven months.
"I find him a brilliant young man who is a joy to work with in terms of his outlook of the game. He wants to do the best he can. There is no-one more frustrated than him at this point in time.
"He'll go away in the New Year and hopefully find the answers to help him perform at Liverpool."
Rodgers's side have scored just 14 league goals this season, with strikers Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert failing to find the net.
Rodgers criticised England's handling of Sturridge after he was originally ruled out for up to three weeks.
Balotelli picked up a hamstring injury on international duty with Italy and may be a doubt for Liverpool's next game against Crystal Palace on Sunday.
One person was shot and killed as violent protests erupted on Tuesday in Rio's famed Copacabana beach district following the death of a dancer allegedly at the hands of police, less than two months before the FIFA World Cup 2014.
Two main thoroughfares were closed after angry demonstrators from a slum set ablaze barricades of tires and hurled glass bottles to protest the death of the dancer, 25, whom Brazilian media say was killed after police mistook him for a drug trafficker.
In the resulting protests, a 30-year-old man died after being shot in the head in the slum, which is just a stone's throw from Copacabana beach, media quoted city hall officials as saying.
Many in economically booming Brazil are outraged at the huge footprint of poverty here. Critics are furious that billions of dollars have been spent on World Cup infrastructure instead of public housing, roads, more aid for the poor and ending violent crime.
The protesting victim was taken to hospital but was dead on arrival, broadcaster Globo's G1 web portal quoted health authorities as saying. It was not immediately clear who shot him.
Trouble began in the early evening in the Pavao-Pavaozinho favela, which nestles above the well-heeled tourist centers of Copacabana and Ipanema, before quickly spreading, witnesses said.
"It started around 5:30 pm. There was smoke everywhere, shots in the street and people racing for their homes," said a young man living just next to the favela, or slum. "A number of police special unit trucks have just gone up into the favela. We are stuck at home – we can't go out," he added, as helicopters flew over.
Another resident said electricity supplies had been cut in the area and the situation remained tense. G1 meanwhile reported violence had spilled over into Ipanema as some youngsters went on the rampage there, pursued by police.
'Don't come'
Police have been cranking up efforts in recent months to clear favelas in thrall to violent criminals before the month-long World Cup kicks off on June 12. Although a huge slum "pacification" program was launched six years ago and gradually been rolled out to improve security in a city which will also host the 2016 Olympics, the gangs have been fighting back
Friends of the dancer, Douglas Rafael da Silva Pereira, alleged he was beaten to death after attempting to take refuge in a school in the slum, where a Police Pacification Unit (UPP) was set up in December 2009 as part of efforts to smash organised crime.
"The circumstances surrounding the death of Douglas are under investigation. An on-site report indicates Douglas's injuries are compatible with a death caused by a fall," police said in a short statement. "Witnesses and residents will be called upon to give evidence," the statement added.
The dead man's mother said: "He died at one in the morning. More than 12 hours afterwards we got to see the body. He was in a defensive posture, all beaten up... There were no signs of gunshot wounds," she added, saying that her son had gone to the favela to visit his four-year-old daughter.
One resident of Pavao-Pavaozinho, Daizy Carvalho, who works for a human rights group, said of Douglas: "He was a mirror for youngsters, who are in revolt. What kind of World Cup is this?" she asked. "The people from the favelas need to unite and come out onto the street," she said, calling on tourists "not to come to the Cup".
Greater awareness leads to greater action.
The more we are aware of each aspect of our life, the better equipped we become when making decisions and solving problems – which is a pretty often occurrence in our daily world…so why not spend the time to build the skills of living mindfully and fully conscious?
Of course due to our limited cognitive resources we cannot be aware of everything simultaneously. Instead, we must balance our awareness between different aspects of our lives: our career, our relationships, our health, and our happiness.
And finding a balance is rarely easy. Within a period of time, it is easy to get in the habit of pouring too much focus into one aspect of our life while neglecting others.
We are always relating with the world in different ways, and by being better aware of our actions and their consequences we can improve upon our skills, act more purposefully, and build upon the world in a way that we want to see it.
Gaining knowledge and spreading it to others is the best way to expand awareness on various social, political, and environmental issues. College campuses are some of the best mediums for this, where it is common to see protests regarding war, civil rights, abortion, cancer, poverty, the environment, and much more.
Newspapers, TVs, websites, blogs, and forums are all different tools to help spread awareness – to inform people on how to make better decisions. They change people's lives, how they see the world, and how they behave.
Awareness can seem like a simple and harmless thing but it makes a real impact. People love to blame commercialism, advertising, propaganda, and other societal pressures for the evils of society, but rarely do we take the responsibility or time to expand our awareness by making the effort to seek information about things that are not right in front of us.
Being more conscious of our world can seem inconvenient and often not worth the effort. It won't give you immediate pleasure or satisfaction like what you would get from eating a delicious dessert. No, awareness takes effort and determination to understand the interests of both your self and others, but it is worth it as time will prove later on.
Stay dedicated to the pursuit of growth, knowledge, and conscious living; but keep in mind your benefits will only be in proportion to your efforts. Conscious living is not a belief but a skill. With practice you can expand awareness in all areas of your life, both personal and social. work on living mindfully, and remember each moment is a new opportunity to practice and improve your well-being. This is one of the most empowering ideas one can instill in their behavior.
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement from The Emotion Machine:
NEW DELHI: All trains announced in the last Rail Budget will be launched before this year's budget as it was our commitment, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu today said while flagging off eight new trains here.All eight trains announced in the last Rail Budget was launched by Prabhu through remote control at the Railway Board here."It's a great occasion that we are launching eight trains from here using the technology," he said.Prabhu said railways is national asset and its functioning can be improved through cooperation from all."We are committed to make railways functioning better and improve passenger amenities and this will be possible through cooperation from all," he said.He also said railways have received suggestions for betterment of the national transporter from thousands of people online.The new trains are Paradeep-Howrah Express (Weekly), Gunupur-Visakhapatnam Passenger (Daily), Tiruchendur-Tirunelveli passenger (Daily), Hatia-Rourkela Passenger (Daily), Mannargudi-Bhagat ki Kothi (Jodhpur) Express (Weekly), Jaynagar-Mumbai Jansadhran Express (Daily), Ferozpur-Chandigarh Express (Daily) and Byndoor-Kasargod Passenger (Daily).The trains are part of the budget announcements made in the Railway Budget 2014-15 (February and July). A total number of 22 new train services and one extension of existing train service will be implemented over a period of next ten days.Out of these 22 train services, eight trains were flagged off by the Railway Minister today and remaining train services will be implemented in the course of next nine days.
One half of the legendary Optimo club night, head honcho at Optimo Music and undisputed chief of the Glasgow music scene, Keith McIvor aka JD Twitch picks his ten favourite Scottish records of all time.
While in town for Glasgow's first Independent Label Market last month, we pitched up at JD Twitch's bursting record garage in the west end of Glasgow to watch him root through his 25,000+ record collection with the impossible task of locating his ten favourite records by Scottish artists. Hailing from the small Edinburgh suburb of Balerno (home of the elusive Boards of Canada), Twitch has since become an integral part of the Glasgow scene, tapping into the city's colourful heritage as a port town on the mouth of the River Clyde and transforming its musical landscape in the process.
It's not often we choose to divide music by its country of origin and with that in mind the title of this film should be approached with a degree of caution. This isn't an exercise in stereotype, patriotism, or canonisation, it's a subjective and diverse selection of music made in Scotland as chosen by one of its most passionate proponents. From post-punk heartbreakers to reluctant Balearic classics, this is an essential education in music history, Scottish or otherwise.
JD Twitch will release his joyous remix of Jeremy Deller's steel-band cover of A Guy Called Gerald's acid house classic “Voodoo Ray” (unpack that nest of boxes) on The Vinyl Factory next week. You can listen to it HERE and pre-order the 12″ HERE.
Here's what JD twitch picked out:
The Sensational Alex Harvey Band
SAHB Collectors Items
(Vertigo)
Fire Engines
“Get Up and Use Me” / “Everything's Roses”
(Codex Communications, 1980)
Robert Rental
“Double Heart” / “On Location”
(Mute, 1980)
Thomas Leer
“Private Plane” / “International”
(Oblique Records, 1978)
Scars
“Adult/ery” / “Horrorshow”
(Fast Product, 1979)
Boards Of Canada
In A Beautiful Place Out In The Country
(Warp Records, 2000)
Fingerprintz
The Very Dab
(Virgin, 1979)
Various Artists
Whaur The Pig Gaed On The Spree: Scottish Recordings By Alan Lomax, 1951-1957
(Drag City, 2011)
Golden Teacher
Bells From the Deep End
(Optimo Music, 2013)
Fini Tribe
Let The Tribe Grow
(Cathexis Recordings, 1986)
Find out more about Optimo Music on their website HERE and pre-order JD Twitch's remix of Jeremy Deller's steel band cover of A Guy Called Gerald's acid house classic “Voodoo Ray” HERE.
Washington (CNN) It's an all-too-familiar pattern in American politics: In the wake of mass shootings, support for stricter gun laws spikes temporarily. But that shift in public opinion largely fades over time, and Congress doesn't pass anything.
The inaction bubbled into outbursts of frustration from Democrats on Monday, after at least 58 people were killed in a Las Vegas shooting
"The thoughts and prayers of politicians are cruelly hollow if they are paired with continued legislative indifference," said Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy, a leading gun control advocate since the Sandy Hook Elementary shooting in 2012. "It's time for Congress to get off its ass and do something."
If this shooting follows the trend of others in recent years, public support for stricter gun control laws will spike temporarily -- and then that jump will mostly evaporate in the months ahead.
The most recent in-depth public polling on gun control that wasn't conducted in the wake of a mass shooting comes from the Pew Research Center , via two surveys conducted this spring.
Among the highlights from that poll and others conducted in recent years:
People agree there's a problem, but...
Pew found that 83% said they consider gun violence in the US a big problem -- including 50% who called it "a very big problem."
The divide comes when Americans -- 47% of whom said they consider the right to own a gun essential to their sense of freedom -- are asked what to do about it.
How about making it harder to obtain guns? Almost half, 47%, said there would be fewer mass shootings if it were harder for people to legally obtain guns in the United States, while 39% said that wouldn't make a difference, and 13% said it would lead to more mass shootings.
One example of how difficult it is to build public support for stricter gun laws came last year in Nevada, where a ballot measure to expand gun background checks was approved -- but barely , winning 50.4% support to 49.6% opposition out of more than 1.1 million votes cast. That vote came despite Pew finding 65% of Americans support background checks for private gun sales and at gun shows.
Some other areas of seeming agreement: 68% told Pew they favor a ban on assault-style weapons, while 64% favor banning high-capacity magazines that hold more than 10 rounds.
Huge partisan splits
The partisan divide over guns starts with ownership: 44% of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents own guns, compared to just 20% of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents.
Even among gun owners, the differences are stark: 91% of Republican gun owners say owning a firearm is essential to their freedom vs. 43% of Democratic gun owners. The majority of Democratic gun owners say they never carry theirs; 63% of Republican gun owners say they carry theirs at least some of the time.
Democrats, Pew found, are far more likely than Republicans to describe gun violence as a very big problem. Democrats overwhelmingly favor creating a federal database to track gun sales, banning assault-style weapons and banning high-capacity magazines, while Republicans broadly oppose those measures.
Republicans, meanwhile, are about twice as likely as Democrats to favor allowing concealed carry in more places (82% to 41%) and allowing teachers and school officials to carry guns (81% to 42%).
Divided views of the NRA
Democrats see the National Rifle Association -- the leading lobbying group against all forms of stricter gun laws -- as a bogeyman in the debate over gun control.
But the general public is much more divided on the NRA. Forty-four percent of those polled told Pew the NRA has too much influence over gun laws in the United States, while 15% said it has too little influence and 40% said it has the right amount of influence.
Spikes after mass shootings
Support for stricter gun laws tends to spike in the immediate aftermath of mass shootings.
In a CNN poll in June 2016 , shortly after the Pulse nightclub shooting, 55% said they favored stricter gun control laws, 42% were opposed. That was up from 46% who felt that way in fall 2015 and the highest share to say so since January 2013, about a month after the Sandy Hook shootings.
There were sharp partisan divides on whether gun laws should be tightened, with 78% of Democrats in favor of more restrictive laws while 68% of Republicans opposed them. Independents tilted in favor of stricter laws, 53% to 44%.
The same poll found 54% in favor of a ban on the manufacture, sale and possession of semi-automatic assault rifles and 54% behind a ban on sale and possession of high-capacity magazines.
The most recent public polling on the topic comes from Quinnipiac University, this June , just after the shooting at a congressional baseball team's practice. That poll found 57% of registered voters felt it was too easy to buy a gun in the US today, 6% said it was too difficult and 32% say it's about right. That poll also found that 57% felt the US would be less safe if more people carried guns and 35% thought the country would be safer.
But Gallup's long-term trend shows that while support for stricter gun laws generally increases after mass shootings, much of that bump eventually fades.
In the spring, Pew found that 52% said gun laws in the country should be more strict than they are today, while 18% said gun laws should be less strict and 30% said they are about right -- giving those in favor of changing laws a narrow majority.
Rich guy dislikes poor people, wants local kids to "lose sleep" over plan to shut library
Constantine "Connie" Xinos is the president of the home-owners' association in a gated community in the Chicago suburb of Oak Brook. He dislikes being near poor people (he successfully blocked a permit for a senior's home, stating, "I don't want to live next to poor people. I don't want poor people in my town"). He reportedly worked to elect an Oak Brook village council who would shut down the town library, which he also campaigned against. When local kids showed up at town meetings to ask that their library be left open, he is quoted as saying, "I don't care that you guys miss the librarian, and she was nice, and she helped you find books;" and to the library staff to "stop whining."
The librarians are now attempting to unionize under the Teamsters.
Sydney was upset and "her little friend was in tears" after Xinos spoke at the meeting last week, says mom Hope Sabbagha. "I wanted that kid to lose sleep that night," a grinning Xinos says Wednesday, as he invites me for a nearly two-hour interview in his Mercedes-Benz in the gated Oak Brook community where he lives. "This is the real world and the lesson, you folks who brought your kids here, is if you want something, pay for it..." A poor kid who grew up in Berwyn and worked in his dad's cafeteria in Chicago, Xinos went to law school and served in the Marines. Xinos says he speaks for Oak Brook's view of the Teamsters when he says, "Nobody here likes this kind of people." Xinos, who says he never had children in part because he wasn't sure he'd be able to support them, sprinkles the F-word throughout his conversations. He dismisses a recent library event involving dogs with a blunt three-word rant in which he bookends swear words around the word "that."
Ugly battle has librarians in Oak Brook turning to Teamsters
(Thanks, Lynn!)
(Image: A dome and skylight brighten the center of the Oak Brook Public Library, Marcelle Bright/mbright@dailyherald.com)
China's state media has again questioned the leadership qualities of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, gleefully highlighting the misspelling of the word unprecedented in a tweet he sent responding to the seizure of an American underwater drone by the Chinese navy on Thursday.
“China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters – rips it of water and take it to China in unpresidented [sic] act,” Trump tweeted, before deleting and reposting the message with the correct spelling of unprecedented.
He took again to Twitter to add: “We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!”
Both Washington and Beijing have sought to downplay the spat in official channels. On Saturday, China agreed to return the device, which was taken 57 miles northwest of the Philippine port of Subic Bay. China says the unmanned reconnaissance vehicle, which was apparently collecting unclassified scientific data, was seized to maintain the safety of passing vessels.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“China resolutely opposes these [reconnaissance] activities,” Chinese Defense Ministry spokesperson Yang Yujun said, according to Chinese state newswire Xinhua.
On Sunday, the Chinese Communist Party–linked Global Times newspaper questioned Trump's response in an editorial and highlighted his misspelling in the headline: “‘Unpresidented' Trump adds fuel to fire.”
“He seemed emotionally upset, but no one knows what he wanted to say,” read the article. “Trump is not behaving as a President who will become master of the White House in a month.”
During his campaign, Trump repeated accused China of currency manipulation and stealing American jobs, and vowed to slap 45% tariffs of Chinese imports. Since his election victory, Trump has further infuriated the Beijing leadership by accepting a phone call from the President of Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen — breaking almost four decades of diplomatic protocol that saw no direct contact between American and Taiwanese leaders.
Beijing claims sovereignty over the self-governing island of 23 million and has vowed to retake it by force should Taipei ever declare independence. When Beijing lodged a formal complaint about Trump's phone conversation, Trump said that American acknowledgement of China's position that Taiwan is part of “one China” was up for negotiation.
“Since [Trump] has not taken office, China has kept a calm attitude toward his provocative remarks,” read the Global Times editorial. “But if he treats China after assuming office in the same way as in his tweets, China will not exercise restraint.”
Ordinary Chinese, however, are seeing the funny side of Trump's spelling error. “Dude, you would have failed the Chinese college English exam,” posted one user on China's Twitter-like microblog Weibo.
“What if Trump just is pretending to be stupid?” posted another. “Businessmen shouldn't be this dumb, and Trump is successful in business.”
— With reporting by Zhang Chi / Beijing
Write to Charlie Campbell at charlie.campbell@time.com.
John Cook's methodology proves that there is a “pause consensus”.
Guest essay by Paul C. “Chip” Knappenberger and Patrick J. Michaels, Center for the Study of Science, Cato Institute
The central premise of “global warming” is that human greenhouse-gas emissions will lead to a rise in the earth's average surface temperature, and that as emissions continue to increase (a result of population growth and the desire to improve public health and welfare through increased energy availability), global average temperature will rise ever faster, that is, accelerate.
The U.N.'s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), back in 2007, claimed the acceleration was happening. This is a central part of both their global warming meme and the notion that it will lead to all sorts of negative consequences (and few, if any, positive ones).
Figure 1. Global average surface temperature history with trends through various periods emphasized by the IPCC to bolster their argument that global warming was accelerating (source: IPCC Fourth Assessment Report).
As proof the story told by the IPCC represented the “consensus of scientists,” a research team led by John Cook, founder of the website skepticalscience.com, (which is only “skeptical” about “skeptics”) surveyed the topical scientific literature, and categorized relevant publications as either endorsing the “scientific consensus” that “humans are causing global warming,” or rejecting it. They found that of those papers in which the authors expressed their opinions, 97.1% endorsed the “scientific consensus.”
The results of this study have been trumpeted ever since by climate alarmists and supporters of efforts to curtail greenhouse gas emissions the world over. President Obama even tweeted it:
While the White House doesn't exactly have a reputation for being evenhanded about climate change, we still need to point out that the Cook et al. results said nothing about it being “dangerous.”
What Cook et al. did claim to find—that a high percentage of scientists that think that humans play some role in “global warming”—seems to comport pretty well with our own experiences with climate scientists and the climate literature. We definitely would fall within Cook's 97 percent.
[Note: there is fair amount of criticism directed at the Cook et al. study, and the accuracy of the 97% number, and we are not specifically endorsing it here. Put simply, some think it's the data that have been “Cooked” and we would not be surprised if some day the paper is retracted—but, regardless of the details, the percentage is still high].
The fact humans play a role in the enhancing the greenhouse effect leading to global warming is hardly actionable. The relevant questions are “How?” and “How much?”
The answers to these questions (and the specifics and details) are required to inform policy decisions. And, with regard to these, the science is most definitely not settled.
For example, is global warming really accelerating?
Not these days. In fact, observations show that the rise in the global average surface temperature has been little different (in the case of the University of East Anglia record, no different) from zero for the past 18 years or so. So instead of accelerating, global warming is actually decelerating, or, (nearly) stopped.
This period is colloquially known as the global warming “hiatus,” “pause,” or “slowdown,” and its existence seriously undermines the high-end, high-impact climate scenarios so beloved by the IPCC.
Is it the “consensus of scientists” that this “hiatus” is real, or is it just a manifestation of the “skeptical” global warming naysayers as we have so often been told?
So, we decided to use Cook's own (debatable) methodology to find out.
We identified papers published between 2009 and 2014 and currently cataloged in the Web of Science database that included either the term “pause” or “hiatus” or “slowdown” and subsequently, the terms “global” and “temperature.” We then read the abstracts of those papers (or the papers themselves if further investigation was required) and assigned them to one of the following three categories: “not applicable,” “acknowledging the existence of a slowdown or stoppage in global warming (as reflected in the earth average surface temperature) in recent years,” and “arguing that a slowdown or stoppage of global warming (as reflected in the earth average surface temperature) has not occurred in recent years.”
Of the 100 papers we identified, 65 didn't have anything to do with recent global temperature trends (these typified papers published prior to about 2010). Of the remaining 35 papers, every single one of them acknowledged in some way that a hiatus, pause, or slowdown in global warming was occurring.
In other words, we didn't find a single paper on the topic that argued the rate of global warming has not slowed (or even stopped) in recent years. This is in direct opposition to the IPCC's contention that global warming is accelerating, and supports arguments that the amount of warming that will occur over the remainder of the 21st century as a result of human fossil fuel usage will be at the low end of the IPCC projections, or even lower. Low-end warming yields low-end impacts.
We surely may have missed a few papers that were not cataloged in the database we used, or that weren't captured by our search terms, but the evidence is overwhelming—virtually all (if not actually all) scientific papers that mention a hiatus or pause agree that it exists.
So while 97% of scientists may agree that global warming is caused by humans, virtually 100% agree that global warming has stopped or slowed considerably during the 21st century.
Tweet that, Mr. President!
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Six years after his last fight inside the Octagon, Josh Burkman is back to the UFC.
UFC president Dana White announced on Friday that Burkman, a contestant on the second edition of The Ultimate Fighter reality show in 2005, has signed a new deal with the promotion. Burkman will make his return to the Octagon at UFC 182, on Jan. 3, against welterweight contender Hector Lombard.
Burkman (27-10) re-signs with the UFC fresh off a first-round knockout over Tyler Stinson. He was scheduled to rematch fellow UFC veteran Jon Fitch in July, but was forced to withdraw from the WSOF 11 card with an elbow injury.
"The People's Warrior" only lost twice in 11 bouts since leaving the UFC, going 4-1 under the WSOF banner with three stoppage victories over Stinson (KO), Fitch (submission) and Aaron Simpson (TKO).
Lombard (34-4-1, one no-contest) enters the bout coming off a pair of dominant victories over Jake Shields and Nate Marquardt. The former Bellator middleweight champion, who withdrew from a planned bout with Dong Hyun Kim in August with an injury, hasn't fought since March.
The number of children seeking help for racist bullying increased sharply last year, as campaigners warn that the heated public debate about immigration is souring race relations in the classroom.
More than 1,400 children and young people contacted ChildLine for counselling about racist bullying in 2013, up 69 per cent on the previous 12 months. Islamophobia is a particular issue in schools, according to the charity, with young Muslims reporting that they are being called “terrorists” and “bombers” by classmates.
Children who have poor English or a strong accent are often called “freshies” – an abusive term that highlights their struggle to fit in.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
The rise in children needing help for xenophobic bullying coincides with rising political hostility to immigration – especially in the lead-up to this month's lifting of restrictions on Romanians and Bulgarians entering the UK.
In 2011, just 802 children approached the charity seeking help for racist bullying.
Sue Minto, head of ChildLine, said: “There's so much more of a focus in the news at the moment about immigrants... it's a real discussion topic and children aren't immune to the conversations that happen around them.
“Some children are being told, even if they're UK born, to pack your bags and go back where you belong. It is very worrying, it's a big increase. This past year, it really seems to be something children and young people are suffering with.”
Overall, the number of children needing support for bullying of any kind was up 8 per cent between 2012 and 2013, according to ChildLine.
The charity's report found that the majority of the racist bullying affecting children was happening at school and many of those calling ChildLine for counselling say teachers ignore the situation or make it worse with clumsy interventions.
James Kingett, of the charity Show Racism The Red Card (SRTRC) which seeks to combat racism, said: “We work with around 50,000 young people every year and issues around Islamophobia have been very prevalent over the past 12 to 18 months. That idea that all Muslims are terrorists or bombers is a particular problem. We're getting that from kids with no Muslim classmates through to those in diverse schools with many Muslims.”
Mr Kingett added: “We are doing work on the impact of far-right groups such as the English Defence League on children's attitudes. Often children are picking up language at home and from parents and taking that to be fact. The rhetoric at the moment around immigration is incredibly pervasive. The prominence of the immigration debate may have had a knock-on effect, filtering down in classrooms.”
According to ChildLine, several young people who had the courage to tell a teacher then found that nothing happened or that they were given advice to simply ignore the bullies, which they found unhelpful and ineffective.
Others were reluctant to speak out, fearing that the situation would become worse.
Some actions taken by the school made things worse, some children said. For example, racist bullying being discussed in assembly simply advertised it and led to increased abusive behaviour.
Ms Minto said: “This kind of bullying seems to be happening much more at school and on the way to school than on social media. Some of the children who've spoken to us say that they've told a teacher and they didn't do anything. Another said ‘I told a teacher and it became a topic in assembly,' which is horrendous.”
While girls are ordinarily more likely to approach ChildLine about bullying, more boys get in touch about racist abuse. Of the calls and online counselling sessions, 52 per cent involved boys, 32 per cent girls and 16 per cent were gender unknown.
Mr Kingett said that although the rise in racist bullying complaints was worrying, it at least indicated that children were prepared to seek help about their problems.
The ChildLine report also found there was a dramatic rise in those seeking help with online abuse, with counselling for cyberbullying up 87 per cent in a year.
The charity also reported a 41 per cent increase in contacts about self-harm and a 33 per cent increase in young people feeling suicidal.
A Department for Education spokeswoman said: “No child should have to suffer the fear and victimisation of bullying. Every school must have measures in place by law to prevent it and, thanks to our new curriculum, children will soon be taught how to stay safe online, including cyber-bullying, from the age of five.
“We have strengthened the powers that teachers have to tackle bullying. They can search pupils for banned items, delete inappropriate images from phones, and give out same-day detentions. We are also providing more than £4m to a range of anti-bullying organisations to help schools develop strategies to tackle the problem and deal with the impact when it occurs.”
In their own words: What children say about racist bullying
Teenage girl
“I'm being bullied at school because of my race and religion. They call me a terrorist because they know I'm Muslim. I've lost my temper a few times – it really frustrates me because then I end up getting in trouble. Some of my friends stick up for me, but it's not enough, I want the teachers to do something but they always tell me they're too busy.”
Boy, age unknown
“I'm getting fed up. People at school keep calling me racist names but the teachers aren't doing anything. It's really upsetting and I feel unsupported. I don't know what to do.”
Teenage girl
“I'm really upset. I've been getting bullied at school for a while now. I get called a ‘freshie' and teased about the way I look – they say I have a big nose. I went to my teachers because I hoped they would make it stop but they didn't do anything, I feel like they just ignored me. My family have been really supportive but I find it difficult to cope. I just wish people would like me for me.”
Teenage boy
“People at school call me racist names and tell me to go back to where I came from. It's starting to get me down. I have a friend who is really supportive but sometimes I can't help but feel so angry. I told my mum what was happening – she told me to tell a teacher. I haven't though. I don't want to tell anyone.”
Girl, aged 13
“I used to be proud of my roots until I started getting bullied at school because I look different to everyone else in my year. They tell me to go back to where I came from and that I'm ugly or horrible to look at. I know they're trying to make me feel bad about myself and it's starting to work. I used to be confident but now I'm shy. My friends tell me to ignore it but it's really difficult not to care. I just feel so down.”
Young boy
“A boy has been bullying me for ages. He calls me racist names and says nasty things. I told my parents about it because it was really upsetting me so they went to talk to my teachers. They thought it would help things but it's made the bullying so much worse. I feel like I can't escape the name-calling and I'm struggling to ignore it. I don't know what to do – I just wish it would stop.”
(Taken from ChildLine counselling sessions)
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Improved race relations and short-term relief from soaring stress levels are among the likely after-effects of Barack Obama's Tuesday night victory, say experts in mental health and race relations.
The emotion-filled election came at a time of great anxiety, says Richard Chaifetz, CEO of ComPsych, the largest U.S. employee assistance mental health provider. Requests for counseling surged 40% in the past six months, he says.
"Now that people know we're going to have a change, it will give them hope and ease fears for a while," he predicts. But the rosy glow could fade within several weeks, Chaifetz adds, as people see that the financial meltdown —source of so much worry — isn't ending soon.
FAITH & REASON: What win means for religion and politics
And it's not just money Americans have lost. They need to recover from a betrayal of trust by financial and political leaders, says Linda Stroh, an organizational psychologist and author of Trust Rules: How to Tell the Good Guys From the Bad Guys in Work and Life. "This breakdown in trust generates a huge amount of stress," Stroh says. If political leaders act quickly and calmly to restore trust, that would improve mental health even if the economy lags, she says.
BETTER LIFE ON MENTAL HEALTH: Scarlett O'Hara had bipolar disorder
Many young Americans got a huge morale boost from the Obama victory, says Ellen Thompson, 27, of Cheyenne, Wyo. With younger voters going to the polls in such high numbers, and a clear majority voting for Obama, "it has made young people feel quite empowered," she says. "Most of my friends did something in the campaign because they thought they could make a difference, and then they did."
Of course, not everyone is thrilled with the outcome. Rick Mende, an executive at a sock manufacturing firm, says he felt "nausea" after the election. He fears higher taxes will discourage those who create wealth from continuing to do so. "Personal initiative and responsibility will be in shorter and shorter supply," says Mende, 56, of Lewisville, N.C.
He says he also fears the global fallout from an Obama presidency: "I don't think he has the savvy or the guts to stand up to Iran or the Muslim fundamentalists."
Nobody was more surprised by the election result than Brian Ray, 49, of Chicago, who is black. " It just didn't seem feasible. ... So many whites weren't as prejudiced as we thought," Ray says.
A black president will give people a more positive view of the race, he says. "It does change how we look at the world — and how the world looks at us."
That doesn't mean racism is over, adds John Dovidio, a Yale University psychologist who has studied unconscious racism for three decades. "Daily racism on the street is not going to disappear just because of the election."
Younger people, though, are more likely than their elders to ease up on prejudice after getting to know people of other races, he says. "This election will have long-term benefits in race relations," Dovidio says.
READERS: How has the election affected you specifically in terms of your mental wellbeing?
Jon Rappoport
Activist Post
“A single thought simultaneously held by several people isn't some miracle. The course of history is a process of liberation from that circumstance, and the emerging miracle was one individual thinking his own thoughts. That was the great change. And now people want to reverse it. They want to go back. They want to call it evolution.” (The Underground, Jon Rappoport)
More and more, education is entraining children to think of themselves as part of a group.
This is one basic way to cut off the consciousness of being an individual and what it really means.
The government, the State, has now become the beneficent leader of The Group, and if you need confirmation, just ask any politician. He'll give you a sound bite or two.
People enmeshed in the current culture don't realize that, as recently as 25 years ago, the promotion of America as One Group played like a faint tune in the far distance.
Now, it's being urged by the State with wall-to-wall rhetoric straight out of some cheesy TV church; and the pastor-hustler is taking in contributions with one hand while doling out bribes with the other.
Only he's got militarized police all over the land and an awesome surveillance apparatus to back him up.
But he loves you. He really cares.
And suckers from Maine to Chula Vista are buying in. Count on the brief appearance of some messianic figure in the Presidential Primaries who will try to out-Obama, Obama, if only as a keynote speaker at a convention.
Behind the freebies and the “we're all in this together” lurks, however, the same monolithic State, obsessed with control. Domination.
The Individual is the target. The objective? Convincing people that conceiving of themselves as distinct from the herd is a delusional, outmoded, cruel, psychotic, hopeless act.
“You're against The Group. You don't care about humanity. You reject the force that is trying to bring aid to everyone everywhere: that force is government.”
This is part of the con. The hustler's larger role involves strolling up to his mark and purring in his ear, making promises, offering sympathy.
It's ancient.
It's all about “we” and “us” and “everybody” and “humanity” and “the people.” It's syrup poured on the innocent and the confused.
The Left argues that the mega-corporations are in charge. The Right argues it's government. As Robert Anton Wilson once wrote: “They're both right.”
The Corporate State, looked at from any angle, is in the business of reducing the individual to undifferentiated mush.
The technocratic wet dream of hooking 10 billion brains to a super-computer, and thus giving birth to “enlightened consciousness,” is the pseudoscientific version of a collective utopia. The “right answers” to all questions are fed back down a pipeline into every mind.
But it turns out there is the right to be wrong, which is to say, the individual has the freedom to dissent from any and all groups.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
He can think, and act on what he thinks, without consulting a manual. He can perceive reality on his own terms. He can go further and invent realities.
He can oppose the mob and the machine.
If none of this ignites a spark in his mind, he can lie down and wait for the steamroller.
Somehow, the most diehard advocates of the State ignore American foreign policy: war, wholesale destruction. They studiously develop amnesia on that front. They don't bother trying to probe the personality of a government that professes to solve the problems of 300 million people at home, when that government pursues perpetual war abroad.
“…when he [the independent individual] merges his person into an organizational structure, a new creature replaces autonomous man, unhindered by the limitations of individual morality, freed of humane inhibition, mindful only of the sanctions of authority.” (Stanley Milgram, “Obedience to Authority,” 1974)
Yes, inside The Group, authority takes over, and its prescriptions replace ethics.
“We are not talking about mere instinctive conformity — it is, after all, a perennial failing of mankind. What we are talking about is a rationalized conformity — an open, articulate philosophy which holds that group values are not only expedient but right and good as well.” (William H Whyte, Jr.)
Replacing individual values with group values invokes a formula: “the greatest good for the greatest number of people.” This is magnetically attractive for the young on two counts. One, it seems to involve a simple rational calculation. And two, it spreads “the good” around like jam to “everyone.”
Of course, it's a total con. Who decides what the greatest good is, in any given situation? And who enforces it with laws and guns and courts and prisons?
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! “If she herself had had any picture of the future, it had been of a society of animals set free from hunger and the whip, all equal, each working according to his capacity, the strong protecting the weak…Instead—she did not know why—they had come to a time when no one dared speak his mind, when fierce, growling dogs roamed everywhere, and when you had to watch your comrades torn to pieces after confessing to shocking crimes.” (George Orwell, Animal Farm, 1945) The Group does not move forward, it devolves. It reverts back to primitive impulses, while justifying its so-called principles as instruments of the highest order. “One egg, one embryo, one adult—normality. But a bokanovskified egg will bud, will proliferate, will divide. From eight to ninety-six buds, and every bud will grow into a perfectly formed embryo, and every embryo into a full-sized adult. Making ninety-six human beings grow where only one grew before. Progress… ‘Ninety-six identical twins working ninety-six identical machines!' The voice was almost tremulous with enthusiasm. ‘You really know where you are. For the first time in history.' He quoted the planetary motto. ‘Community, Identity, Stability.' Grand words. ‘If we could bokanovskify indefinitely the whole problem would be solved.'” (Aldous Huxley, Brave New World, 1932) Yes, the perfect Group. Humans made in hatcheries, according to plan. Group identity replacing individual identity. The All of the All. Why bother with individual achievement? Why bother with “thoughts that separate one person from another?” Why-can't-we-just-get-along becomes: why can't we all think the same thoughts? We can, with enough generations of programming. With synthetic production lines in birth-hatcheries. Greatest good for the greatest number becomes a different kind of number. For those who don't want to take things that far, there are less radical versions of The Collective Glob in the propaganda mall. From the mystical to the political, there is a whole range of messages. They all include the word “we”. For some reason, I never signed up for that “we.” Maybe you didn't either. This article is for you. The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED, EXIT FROM THE MATRIX, and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX, Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails at NoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine.
MLS wants parity. Well they've certainly got it this season.
Heading in to Saturday's games, two points separate the top four sides in the battle for the 2015 Supporters' Shield. Four points separate the top eight.
In the Western Conference, nine of the ten teams will feel they have a shot at making the playoffs as we enter the final month of the regular season.
It really is quite incredible. And quite the logjam.
Amongst it all, Vancouver Whitecaps have been holding their own. Occupying the top two positions in the West for most of the season, they've led the league on several occasions this year. But they've not been able to grab that lead by the scruff of the neck and give themselves some breathing space.
They've had their chances, but when those around them have faltered, so have the ‘Caps. But results have continually, and incredibly, gone their way these past two months. Favours have been done to keep the ‘Caps at the top of the table. It's not something that can surely go on for too much longer.
You almost feel it's ordained that this is Vancouver's year for the Shield but that is just foolish talk. Although the frustrating aspect of it all is that if Vancouver had taken even a fraction of the opportunities presented to them to take hold of the top of the table, they'd be walking away with the league at this point.
The Whitecaps know they can't keep relying on others. With three defeats in their last four MLS matches, they know they need to start getting the job done themselves and pronto, but defender Jordan Harvey is confident the ‘Caps will soon get the wheels back on the wagon and get back to much-needed winning ways.
“Every time we've gone through a loss or some sort of bad spell, we've come back on track,” Harvey told reporters. “That's a credit to the consistency and not changing anything because that's what's really helped us throughout this year.”
The bounce back was meant to come last week at home to New York City. We all know how that ended. The less said about that now, the better. The new place for the fighting finish to begin comes tonight in San Jose.
And that in itself is not going to be easy. Never mind the fact that the Whitecaps haven't won at the Quakes in their previous six attempts, San Jose are fighting for their playoff survival.
A ‘Caps win clinches them a playoff place, while a quake win moves them to within two points of Vancouver. It couldn't be tighter and the Whitecaps know they're going to be in for one hell of a battle.
“It's down to the wire,” admitted Harvey. “Guys are fighting for their jobs if they're out of the playoff race. If they're in it they're fighting for the playoffs. Or, like us, we're fighting for a top two spot and potentially the Supporters' Shield.
“Everybody's fighting for something, everybody's got something to lose, so we're going to go in like we have in road games and really be determined and organized and see what we come away with.”
It would take quite the sequence of results in this last month of the season for Vancouver to not make the playoffs now, in both their own games and others, but it remains a possibility. A possibility they can kill off by the end of Saturday night. If that isn't enough to give the squad the kick up the ass they need, then I don't know what will.
In reality, they don't need that kick. Everyone at the Whitecaps is painfully aware of how important the next four games are for their season.
“We just need to get back on form,” Harvey added. “I'm really looking forward to this weekend because everyone was hungry this week, the training was sharp and going in to San Jose we have a good opportunity.”
Vancouver and San Jose have served up some battles on the pitch in recent seasons with less to play for, although a lot of the key instigators in those games have moved on. They've also served up some shocking games down in California, a couple of which I've had the misfortune to be at.
You have to feel it's the former that we'll see tonight and that's exactly what goalkeeper David Ousted is expecting.
“They're scrappy,” Ousted said of the Quakes. “They're pushing for their push into the playoffs and it's going to be a tough game. We know we have the quality to go and get a win. We just need to find that energy, to find that intensity and to match their scrappiness.”
Vancouver certainly need to be up for the scrap not only in this game but their remaining four matches this season. But Ousted also cautioned that it needs to be controlled if they're to come away with the wins they need.
“Urgency is important at this part of the season,” Ousted added. “Every team we're meeting is chasing the playoffs, is pushing and is going to have that urgency, so we definitely need to have it as well.
“It doesn't have to be a panic or something that's counter effective but knowing that going into these games we need to be on top of our game.”
The ‘Caps remaining league matches are evenly split. Two at home and two away. Those road games both come at places that Vancouver have yet failed to record a victory, San Jose and Dallas, but that doesn't faze Ousted in the slightest.
“We've showed this year that we're really good on the road,” Ousted said. “We've showed that we have the mentality that we can win anywhere we go, so I'm not that worried going in to away games. It's some tough places we play but I've got confidence in that we can get away with three points.”
It's a view shared by winger Kekuta Manneh, who feels that no matter where the Whitecaps are playing this month, they have to stick to their gameplan and use their attacking strengths to get the wins they're looking for.
“For us, we're going to try and approach every game the same, whether we're home or away,” Manneh stated. “We need to win the [San Jose] game if we want to stay in the title hunt. We're going to out, attacking minded.”
But as we've seen in recent games, playing in that manner may generate chances galore for the Whitecaps but it doesn't guarantee that any of them are going to be put into the back of the net.
And while the goals haven't been coming at one end of the pitch, they have been at the other with two goals given up to both Houston and New York in the recent losses and three goals conceded twice to Seattle in two matches.
Both are aspects of the Whitecaps game we weren't seeing even just a few weeks ago.
“It goes both ways,” Harvey admitted. “We've given up goals that at the beginning or the middle of the season we haven't given up. We need to address everything and really get back to the basics and what we do well, which is being organized, hard to break down and we get chances. That's the most important thing.”
The lack of goals for Vancouver may put additional pressure on the Whitecaps defence, but with 11 clean sheets already recorded this season, Ousted feels he's capable of holding up his end of the bargain to reduce what's needed at the other end of the park. But he's confident a change to the ‘Caps fortunes is about to play out.
“Obviously you need to keep more clean sheets to get points,” Ousted said. “But we've got confidence in the goalscoring ability in this team. We're creating chances and I feel like the goals are coming, but we need to tighten up as a backline as well. Not let in too many goals and if it's a one-nil win, it's one-nil win. That's going to be ok by me.”
Two weeks ago, Facebook's “in house sociologist” Cameron Marlow shared interesting data with The Economist on Facebook users' social behavior patterns – essentially, while Facebook users have many friends, they only actively communicate with a core group of them.
Today, Marlow has shared additional thoughts and data on the findings in his personal blog. A few highlights:
1) Facebook's Data Team calculated the number of friends for whom users “maintain” Facebook relationships, where “maintain” is defined as having clicked on News Feed story or visited their profile more than twice. Their findings?
For those users with 500 friends, men maintain 7.8% of Facebook relationships, while women maintain 9.4% of Facebook relationships
of Facebook relationships, while women maintain of Facebook relationships For those users with 120 friends, men maintain 15.8% of Facebook relationships, while women maintain 18.3% of Facebook relationships
of Facebook relationships, while women maintain of Facebook relationships For those users with 50 friends, men maintain 18% of Facebook relationships, while women maintain 20% of Facebook relationships
2) The number of maintained, one-way, and reciprocal relationships scales on the order of 10% of total network size, as you would expect.
3) The News Feed is allowing more people to stay connected. As Facebook's Marlow says,
The stark contrast between reciprocal and passive networks shows the effect of technologies such as News Feed. If these people were required to talk on the phone to each other, we might see something like the reciprocal network, where everyone is connected to a small number of individuals. Moving to an environment where everyone is passively engaged with each other, some event, such as a new baby or engagement can propagate very quickly through this highly connected network.
To get the full details on the Facebook Data Team's approach and analysis, check out Marlow's full post here.
New York City has confiscated more illegal motorized bicycles so far this year than it did during all of 2016.
The huge uptick in NYPD enforcement has led to 687 seizures of the e-bikes in 2017, compared with just 551 confiscations last year. Despite the spike, Thomas Chan, the NYPD's Transportation Bureau chief, maintained it's part of a general springtime bicycle ticketing blitz.
“As we start getting into the biking season ... we're going to have more people out there and we're going to do enforcement,” Chan said. “It is an area that we have to stay on top of. That's an area we'll continue to do enforcement in.”
Often mistaken for scooters or mopeds, e-bikes more closely resemble actual bicycles. Generally, they look no different than your average bike — except for a small motor attached to the frame. Confiscated e-bikes are returned to their owner after a court hearing and payment of a $500 summons.
The bikes are increasingly popular in European cities and legal in states such as California and Massachusetts. But most classes of e-bikes are illegal in New York.
The laws are murky. The federal government permits the sale of bicycles that, when powered exclusively by a motor, have a maximum speed of less than 20 mph. But those same bikes are illegal to operate on New York streets.
Still, the bikes are commonly used among delivery workers in the city, often immigrants, who rely on the added kick of a low-wattage motor to get through grueling, low-pay shifts each day. Helen Ho, a co-founder of the Biking Public Project, which advocates for immigrant cyclists, worries that that the crackdown unfairly targets and burdens these workers.
Eat it. Drink it. Do it. Tackle the city, with our help. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“We're talking about the nexus of the most vulnerable New Yorkers here,” Ho said. “These workers might not speak English; they're not very well organized. They're often pulled over and ticketed and don't know why. ... With these bikes being illegal, you're creating another low-level crime.”
Chan denied charges that enforcement targets specific neighborhoods or riders. The crackdown is part of the NYPD's contribution to Vision Zero, one of Mayor Bill de Blasio's signature initiatives to eliminate all traffic deaths.Under that goal, Manhattan police took 247 e-bikes off the road in a 24-hour window late last month.
“We encourage our officers — especially if the bicycle or e-bike [riders], if they're going the wrong way — we should be writing the summons,” he said. “These dangerous habits, these are Vision Zero incidents where we can prevent serious injuries to people and also fatalities.”
Chan added that enforcement is “quite often as a result of community complaints.”
During a recent meeting with the Biking Public Project, five immigrant delivery cyclists, speaking through an interpreter, described the stresses of the job, the fines and the loss of wages that they risk by riding e-bikes. The cyclists rack up between $1,500 and $2,200 in fines per year on top of the wages lost by days spent in court — sometimes where there is no interpreter who speaks Chinese, they said.
Lam Fai, 55, of Sunset Park said that, until the recent blitz, he used an e-bike to reduce the stress on his bad back. Plenty of older workers need the bikes to get through a typical shift that can keep them on their bike for ten hours, covering 60 miles each day.
“There's the expression the knife is not at fault for killing people. It's just like an electric bike. It's a tool that we use. It's beneficial for our health,” he said.
Cycling advocates are at odds with the NYPD over its general stance on e-bikes and the spring enforcement blitz, which Paul Steely White, executive director of Transportation Alternatives, called an “embarrassment.”
“The NYPD is giving Vision Zero a bad name,” he said. “Yes, we all agree that cyclists should follow traffic laws, but Vision Zero is not about cracking down on cyclists because you think it's a good idea. It's about deploying limited police resources based on data. There's no indication that this blitz is informed by any empirical data that would show that the bikes are a threat.”
Currently, only “pedal assist” e-bikes are actually classified as bicycles in New York City, meaning they are legal to operate on city streets. The de Blasio administration effectively squashed legislation in 2015 to expand the definition to include other forms of e-bikes, citing safety concerns.
State Sen. Martin Malavé Dilan, a Democrat representing Brooklyn, said he is confident the city will come around to legislation he sponsored this year that would define e-bikes with a motor of 750 watts, traveling at a speed of 20 mph, as legal bicycles.
“There's a national definition, but basically there needs to be clarification of what an e-bike is” in New York, Dilan said. “These bikes are handy for people with disabilities, senior citizens, or people who struggle to ride bikes up hills.”
This post will focus largely on the effects of a so-called "public option" in health care. You can read my previous posts on health care here, and I plan to post comprehensive talking points on the health care debate in the future.
Here are the three takeaway points from this post:
Taxpayer subsidies or the expectation of subsidies will give a government-sponsored public option an unfair advantage over private providers. A public option will primarily reduce costs through monopsony power.
The government will not set appropriate reimbursement levels to cover the costs of research and development, discouraging future investment.
Consumer choice and competition are typically achieved without a public choice
or
there is no way that a government option will act as a private nonprofit health care plan
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the mortgage giants created by federal law, were once private companies. Yet many investors believed — correctly, as it turned out — that the federal government would stand behind Fannie's and Freddie's debts, and this perception gave these companies access to cheap credit.
These taxpayer subsidies will prevent the honest competition Obama and other supporting politicians claim they desire
Medicare actually outsources many of its administrative services to private sector providers
Aetna currently serves about 18 million subscribers, UnitedHealth Care serves between 25 million and 30 million, and WellPoint more than 35 million. That is more than is served by the health-care monopoly of Canada (population 33.6 million), and more than the entire health-care systems of most European nations. Once a plan reaches a few million subscribers, there may not be a lot of economies of scale left that can enable public plans to provide lower prices [emphasis added].
primarily control costs through monopsony power
A dominant government insurer, however, could potentially keep costs down by squeezing the suppliers of health care. This cost control works not by fostering honest competition but by thwarting it ....a monopsony — a buyer without competitors — can reduce the price it pays below the competitive level by reducing the quantity it demands [emphasis added].
monopsony, not superior skill
a public option would
force
approximately 10 million people from their current, private insurance providers to the public "option"
When other nations construct their health-care systems, they ignore the impact of their pricing policies on R&D incentives . As the dominant R&D funding wellhead, [the United States does] not have that option [emphasis added].
The government doesn't even attempt to set appropriate reimbursement levels to cover R&D costs
Spread the word
From his past public comments, it is clear that President Obama wants any new health care legislation to include a public option, reasoning that consumer choice and economic competition will benefit. According to Harvard economics professor N. Gregory Mankiw's piece in the New York Times , a public option will have quite the opposite effect.. For example, a government option was not needed to create choice and competition among grocery stores, gas stations,Robert Reich, on the other hand, argued in the Wall Street Journal that a public option will act like any other not-for-profit health care plan, so there is no need to "coddle" the for-profit plans. However, Reich is a former Secretary of Labor in the Clinton administration, and I find it difficult to trust anyone in that position who wasn't smart enough to call for an end to the federal Davis-Bacon prevailing wage law.As such,. Mankiw stated, "The public plan would have to stand on its own financially, as private plans do, covering all expenses with premiums from those who signed up for it." In other words, it wouldn't have access to taxpayer dollars. Even if this was the case (which it likely will not), the plan will still have the 'Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac benefit'. Mankiw describes this issue:The mere expectation of taxpayer support will give any public option an unfair advantage against private health care plans.. In other words, because mandating a single-payer system is not politically possible in this country, "...a public option that uses taxpayer funds to tilt the playing field may be an attractive second best," stated Mankiw. Reich either overlooks or ignores this aspect.Reich points to the success of Medicare and Medicaid at limiting administrative costs. However, in a Wall Street Journal rebuttal, AEI's John Calfee stated that(I was unable to confirm this statement. If anyone has a source, please forward it to me or comment on this post). Additionally, we shouldn't be looking to Medicare and Medicaid as examples. They are a large reason as to why our country's health care finances are in shambles.As for economies of scale, Calfee notes:A government-sponsored public health care option will. According to Mankiw:Calfee adds that other nations' governments achieve lower prices through "[emphasis added]." Reich responds to such criticism by asking if a monopsony in health care is such a bad thing. Besides, Reich asserts, "no one has to choose it." This is a complete lie. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) has already stated that. They will not have a choice.Of the most dangerous effects of a public option in health care, monopsony power will reduce the number of doctors, health care professionals, and perhaps most importantly, research and development (R&D).The United States accounts for approximately one-half of the worldwide profits that make continued medical R&D economically feasible. According to Calfee:Since Reich and others want to look to Medicare as an example, we shall. Medicare takes a "destructive approach" to cost reduction by squeezing health care providers until too many refuse to accept Medicare patients.---Shifting gears, I would like to point you to an article by David Brooks in the New York Times . He covers the insufficiently covered, yet laudable, Wyden-Bennett bipartisan health care bill. Senator Bennett is by far my favorite current member of Congress, and this bill removes the tax exemption for employer-provided health care plans
McALLEN — A dark-colored SUV led authorities on a mad dash along rural roads.
The vehicle had been spotted by the U.S. Border Patrol as it neared the edge of the Rio Grande and was seen moments later as it made its way away from the river. When authorities had drawn near, the driver had changed his course and driven back toward the Rio Grande.
Rather than stop at the river's edge, the driver gunned the engine and plunged the SUV into the water, where several men in rafts waited to unload the bundles of drugs and take them back to Mexico — so they could take another crack at bringing the load into the United States.
“‘Splashdown' is a term used by law enforcement to describe a vehicle that is launched into the Rio Grande,” Border Patrol spokesman Dan Milian said. “It's a sporadic trend that we have seen from transnational criminal organizations. The tactic is used primarily when they are being pursued by law enforcement, and they drive into the water to avoid apprehension.”
Various local police departments say it's a new twist on an old practice that has little effect on the way local police respond to them. Authorities will try to stop the vehicle regardless of its direction. The practice is sporadic and hasn't taken place recently in Mission, but authorities will address it accordingly, said Jody Tittle, Mission police spokesman.
The tactic requires a considerable amount of coordination. The driver must be in constant communication with his associates in Mexico, who notify him where to go into the water so they can have their recovery team ready, Milian said.
Border Patrol agents in the Rio Grande Valley Sector reported about 20 splashdowns from Oct. 1 through July 21. In that same time frame the previous year, authorities responded to 28 splashdowns.
The tactic of splashdowns differs greatly from the long-standing practice of having the driver of the vehicle bail out and run toward Mexico, leaving the drugs behind, Milian said.
“Now it's a lot more expensive for these transnational criminal organizations to move their drugs, and they are taking a big hit not only with us but also with our allies in the Mexican government who have had a lot of success,” Milian said. “The new orders for smugglers are to not give up their load.”
From January to March, the Mexican Army reported seizing close to 50 tons of marijuana in the northern region of Mexico. Recently, Mexico's Attorney General's Office announced the destruction of close to 30 tons of marijuana that had been seized in 44 different operations in Matamoros, Reynosa and Ciudad Miguel Aleman, which sits across the river from Roma.
Similarly, from January to April, U.S authorities from various agencies have seized more than 125 tons of marijuana. The drugs were turned over to the McAllen office of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration.
The amount of seizures in the Valley is up and is expected to surpass the 375,000 pounds that was seized last year.
SMUGGLERS SHIFT
The ongoing hostilities between the Gulf Cartel and the Zetas have caused both organizations to shift their trade routes, keeping their drugs in areas that are controlled by each organization, according to U.S. and Mexican law enforcement officials. The area from Miguel Aleman to Matamoros is dominated by the Gulf Cartel, while Laredo to Piedras Negras is considered to be Zeta territory, according to a Tamaulipas law enforcement official.
The shift in trade routes and the long-standing war between the two rival organizations not only has led to organizations seeking to steal drug loads from each other, but has also made them easier to catch by the Mexican army, navy and federal police, the official said.
“The war and the heavier push by authorities have caused organized crime to have a diminished supply of drugs,” the official said. “The Zetas are affected, but they are also involved in extortion, kidnapping, theft and other activities that supplement their funds, while the Gulf Cartel relies primarily on smuggling drugs and thus feels the pinch a little more.”
The factors in Mexico as well as a reinforced border in the post-9/11 era have driven up the amount of drugs seized and thus have forced drug smugglers to become more protective of their loads.
“They are being ordered not to give up their load,” Milian said. “That is why they are using these very aggressive and reckless tactics. They are following orders, but they are facing serious harm, if not death.”
In late April, a 25-year-old Mexican national died during a chase with Hidalgo police after he tried to make his way into the Rio Grande with 600 pounds of marijuana in a stolen Chevrolet Suburban.
As the SUV passed through a gap in the border fence, it was clipped on the driver's side by the barrier. The driver, who either had been ejected from the vehicle or tried to bail out, reportedly was crushed between the barrier and the vehicle.
“We've had cases where the smugglers are seriously hurt because they launch their vehicles from cliffs 5 to 25 feet high,” Milian said.
POLICE SHIFT
In an effort to combat the reckless strategy, the Border Patrol has relied on eyes in the sky, provided by the helicopter patrols from U.S. Customs and Border Protection Air and Marine Rescue and from the Texas Department of Public Safety.
On the ground, the Border Patrol has used boulders to block the path to popular splashdown launch points, like at Anzalduas Park. While the boulders have proved effective, it's impractical to use them up and down the river, Milian said.
Agents in the RGV Sector have also tried to block access points by trying their hand at welding: building gates out of plates and scrap metal.
Because of the constant presence of Border Patrol agents, smugglers typically resort to aggression, throwing rocks and other projectiles — even pointing weapons at agents or helicopters.
While attacks with rocks are common, shots are rarely fired, according to various incident reports.
“Our agents are trained to respond to any type of situation and take every measure to ensure the safety of the public,” Milian said.
One of the most recent cases of smugglers firing at agents occurred June 9 near Abram. After a splashdown, a group of smugglers fired four to six shots at Texas authorities who were assisting the Border Patrol.
The incident was widely publicized at the time because DPS initially sent out a news release claiming Texas Rangers had come under heavy gunfire at the hands of drug cartels. Mexican authorities were quick to dispute that version of events, however, and during a news conference the next day, DPS director Steve McCraw said the alleged smugglers had fired only four to six shots.
“Ultimately, we want to prevent splashdowns and pursuits from happening,” Milian said. “We are always encouraging the public to report any suspicious activity. If they see groups moving bundles or other behavior that raises concerns to call us, we can respond quickly and prevent a pursuit from even starting.”
School will consider applicants who identify as women after ‘little debate that trans women should be eligible', school president says
Barnard College has decided to admit transgender women, becoming the latest women's college to issue a new policy acknowledging the fluidity and complexity of gender.
The policy, announced on Thursday, says Barnard will consider applicants “who consistently live and identify as women”. That excludes transgender men, or applicants born female but identifying as male. The decision is an attempt to balance Barnard's identity as a women's college with what the school calls “recognition of our changing world and an evolving understanding of gender identity”.
Though it won't consider transgender men for admission, the school announced it would still give its full support to any student who makes such a transition while enrolled.
The decision makes Barnard the last of the traditional Seven Sisters colleges – a loose association of seven liberal arts colleges in the north-eastern US that are historically for women – to update its admissions policies. In the last nine months or so, each school has come up with a slightly different formula. Over a period of several months, school president Debora Spar led five town halls and one virtual town hall for students, faculty or alumni, and conducted an online survey that drew more than 900 responses.
“As expected, a wide range of passionate and deeply held beliefs were discussed and debated,” Spar and board of trustees chairman Jolyne Caruso-FitzGerald wrote in a joint letter to the community on Thursday, following the board vote a day earlier. “But on two main points, the responses were compelling and clear. There was no question that Barnard must reaffirm its mission as a college for women. And there was little debate that trans women should be eligible for admission to Barnard.”
In excluding trans men, Barnard's policy is in line with that announced recently by Smith College. On the other hand, Mount Holyoke College decided last fall that it would consider both trans women and trans men for admission.
The series of new policies comes as transgender issues have taken a prominent place in the cultural conversation – none more obviously than the transition of former Olympian and reality TV star Bruce Jenner to Caitlyn Jenner – and the high levels of interest that has evoked. Other recent examples: actress Laverne Cox of Orange is the New Black appearing on a Time magazine cover touting The Transgender Tipping Point, and the Golden Globe-winning TV show Transparent, starring Jeffrey Tambor as a transgender woman.
Spar's letter noted that the decision comes as the school marks its 125th anniversary.
“It is fitting that we have come together to recall our history and re-examine our core values,” the letter said. “We educated and challenged each other, and Barnard is that much stronger for it.”
New polls out this week matching the two presumptive presidential nominees, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, could spell danger for the Democrat even as she appears to be pulling away from Trump in the nationwide head-to-head matchup. Polling from crucial swing states that had previously been controlled by Clinton now appears to be heading back in the direction of the Republican candidate.
What that means for the general election is that, even though Clinton appears to be consolidating her support among voters across the United States, the Electoral College, where the next president will actually be chosen, has started to look more welcoming to Trump.
Specifically, races in Florida and Pennsylvania have tightened, according to new polls, making those states with their 29 and 20 electoral votes respectively now appear winnable for Trump, putting the total of 270 electoral votes needed to secure the presidency closer to his grasp.
In the Electoral College each state is “winner take all.”
The Electoral College count has continued to favor Clinton, as the latest tabulation from ABC News found. But if Clinton loses in key “swing” states — that is, states in which polling is too close to make a reliable prediction of a November 8 winner — she could find that lead reversed, and Donald Trump headed for the White House.
.@ABC electoral ratings: Clinton would enter general election with sizable lead over Trump https://t.co/w6wLvWuHDM pic.twitter.com/GAXbuR3Odr — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) June 8, 2016
The following video from Fox News explains a new poll taken by the conservative network, a poll showing Hillary Clinton expanding her nationwide lead over Donald Trump.
A new Public Policy poll issued on Wednesday showed the Pennsylvania race a dead heat at 44 percent each for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, with 12 percent either unsure or supporting a minor-party candidate.
In Florida, the same polling firm found Trump ticking up to a one-point lead, 45-44, with 11 percent in the “other” category.
The new Pennsylvania result dropped Clinton's polling average lead in Pennsylvania to just 3.8 percent, according to the election-tracking site Election Graphs. That put the state into the “weak” category for Clinton, now giving her six states in which she holds an average lead over Trump of under five percentage points.
National GE: Clinton 39% (+3)
Trump 36%@GovGaryJohnson 12% A 6% shift towards Clinton In 3 weeks @FoxNewsPollhttps://t.co/eAhVlTqRdc — Political Polls (@PpollingNumbers) June 9, 2016
According to Election Graphs, if Trump can overcome Clinton's slim lead in all six of those states — Pennsylvania, Florida, Ohio, Nevada, North Carolina, and Iowa — he wins 294 electoral votes, as long as he also wins all states in which he now leads in the polling averages.
In other words, he could actually win only five of the six “weak” Clinton states and still win the presidency, as long as he wins Florida. If Trump loses Florida but wins the other five states listed above — and wins the states where he now leads in the polls — Clinton ekes out a narrow victory with 273 electoral votes.
Barack Obama mobilises for Hillary Clinton victory to seal legacy https://t.co/j5P9uhgyDZ via @FT — OmobaOladele Osinuga (@delinjerosin) June 10, 2016
However, none of the state polls reflect any “bounce” for Clinton that may have resulted from her victories in four of six primaries on Tuesday — victories that put her over the top in delegate count to make her the first woman in the 240-year history of the United States to become the presumptive presidential nominee of a major political party.
On Thursday, President Barack Obama endorsed Clinton, which is also likely to give her a boost in polling.
MORE ELECTION COVERAGE FROM THE INQUISITR:
But in the nationwide, head-to-head matchup, Clinton is already starting to open up space between herself and Trump.
Less than one month ago, on May 16 — as Donald Trump was enjoying his own nationwide polling bump from becoming the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party — Clinton's lead in the Huffington Post/Pollster average was a mere 1.5 percentage points.
But as of June 8, Hillary Clinton had raced to a 5.6 point lead over Donald Trump in all polls compiled into the Pollster average, with 44.8 percent to 39.2 for Trump.
[Featured Photos By Joe Raedle / J.D. Cooley / Getty Images]
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has made an embarrassing Brexit climbdown by ditching plans to give ministers sweeping powers to change laws without the approval of parliament.
The so-called Henry VIII powers have been dropped in favour of a special “sifting committee” to scrutinise any proposed changes.
Several Tory MPs had voiced their concerns about the proposal and were planning to join forces with Labour and the SNP to wipe out May's slender majority and defeat the Government.
Just 48 hours before the crunch vote, No10 said it was accepting the amendment in the name of Conservative backbencher Charles Walker.
(Image: PA Wire)
May's spokesman said: “We have said from the outset that we will look at the amendments and where we consider that improvements can be made to the legislation, we will respond to them.”
But Eloise Todd, head of the pro-EU campaign group Best for Britain, said: “This is an embarrassing climb from a shambles of a government. They have no majority and no clue.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Government also face a tight vote on Wednesday that would give the Commons a final say on the trade and Brexit deal.
Brexiteers fear that last week's trade talks could result in a soft Brexit. But May assured her own side the Brexit deal meant that, in future, the Commons will have “regulatory autonomy” to get to decide on its own laws.
The SNP's Westminster leader Ian Blackford asked if her claims guaranteed there would be no enforcement of a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
May replied: “He can Google it and find from Hansard (transcripts of Parliamentary debate) how many times I have said it.
“Indeed, if he listened to my statement and looked at my statement, I said the joint report reaffirms our guarantee that there will be no hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland.”
Yet another quick update (don't worry, I've started work on a tower of sorts on the server and that will probably be my next post)
After finding this thread ages ago I decided to look it up again and have a look how to do it. I have dipped my feet into 3D before but never in Blender. To be honest 3D is the only thing I'm not that experienced in on computers (apart from hardcore coding) So I gave it a go and produced this. Not to bad for my first try I must say. I think the annoying shadow under his head is from the invisible “hat” layer casting a shadow somehow. It's got something to do with ambient occlusion (which unfortunately helps make the full white background) But this will do for now.
Advertisements
We already know that sweet and salty go perfectly together (hello, chocolate-covered pretzels and PB&J), but Wrigley candies are being even more experimental with unusual flavor combinations. The newest weird junk food is Sweet Heat Skittles and Starbursts. These spicy candies — which were announced at the National Confectioners Association's Sweets & Snacks Expo in Chicago — will be available nationwide starting in December for $.99 a single pack.
“From flavors like honey sriracha to mango chipotle, confectioners and snack manufacturers both are increasingly turning to sweet to balance out hot, spicy or tangy flavors,” Susan Whiteside, vice president of public relations for the National Confectioners Association told Food Business News. “We've certainly seen some of that in the candy industry before with Red Hots and Atomic Fireball, but this is taking those flavors to the next level.”
The new spicy Skittles will be available in Fiery Watermelon, Blazin' Mango, Flamin' Orange, Sizzlin' Strawberry and Lemon Spark flavors, while the fiery Starbursts will come in Fiery Watermelon, Strawberry Mango, Flamin' Orange and Pipin' Pineapple.
Here are some other new and unusual candies from Wrigley and its parent company, Mars:
— Twix dark chocolate and white chocolate
— Snickers hazelnut
— Starburst mini sours
— Skittles ugly sweater edition
— Extra mint chocolate chip gum
— M&Ms ice cream bars
Check Out These Surprising Facts About Your Favorite Candy Brands.
Wests Tigers have today confirmed that Tim Grant has joined the Club for the coming two seasons.
Grant, 27, has played 144 NRL games since making his debut for the Penrith Panthers in 2007.
He joins Wests Tigers from the South Sydney Rabbitohs where he played 20 games during the 2015 season. Grant also played two State of Origin games for New South Wales in 2012.
Wests Tigers CEO Justin Pascoe welcomed Grant to the Club ahead of the 2016 season.
“I'd like to take this opportunity to welcome Tim to Wests Tigers,” said Pascoe.
“It's great to have a player of his experience join the Club and I'm sure he's going to be an asset to us both on and off the field.
“I was fortunate enough to walk the Kokoda Track two years ago with Tim and see first-hand examples of what makes him such an outstanding young man.
“Tim brings a great attitude to this Club and I'm sure he'll fit in well and will quickly become a favourite amongst Members and fans,” he said.
“Tim joins us on very favourable terms which is also beneficial for the Club.
Wests Tigers NRL Head Coach Jason Taylor said that he was looking forward to working with Grant with the start of the 2016 season quickly approaching.
“With almost 150 NRL games under his belt Tim brings to Wests Tigers a degree of experience that will be a great benefit to our pack,” said Taylor.
“I've been very impressed with him during our initial discussion and I look forward to seeing him get to work with his new teammates.
Grant said that he was looking forward to getting into training, just hours after signing with Wests Tigers.
“There are no gains in sitting around, I just want to get out there and get into training with the boys and get to know them,” said Grant. “It's an exciting young roster, there are a lot of guys there who are ready to hit their straps and a new leadership group with Aaron Woods leading the way and I think we have a bright future ahead of us here.
“I looked at the roster here at Wests Tigers and I was excited to join the Club. I'm looking forward to getting to know the players and getting out onto the field,” he said.
PLAYER PROFILE — TIM GRANT
Date of Birth: 17th February, 1988
Position: Prop Forward
Junior Club: St. Mary's
Rep. Honours: New South Wales State of Origin (2012), City Origin (2010-11, 13-14), Prime Minister's XIII (2011), NRL All Stars (2013)
Previous Clubs: Penrith Panthers (2007-14), South Sydney Rabbitohs (2015)
NRL Debut: Panthers vs. Dragons, OKI Jubilee Oval, May 4, 2007 (Rd.8)
He absolutely dominated in challenges — tying a Survivor record with five individual immunity victories, including a clean sweep of the last four — but as Brad Culpepper's competition game soared, his social and strategic game crumbled. Brad went too hard at Tai in an attempt to get one of his idols (making himself the bad guy in the eyes of the jury), and then made the mistake — a million dollar mistake — of bringing Sarah to the end instead of Tai.
It was a pretty stunning turnabout for a guy who seemed to be playing a stellar social and strategic game before the Survivor: Game Changers merge. So what happened? We asked Brad that and a whole lot more when he called into EW Morning Live (Entertainment Weekly Radio, SiriusXM, channel 105) and you can now hear the full interview right here on the EW Morning Live podcast. Here are a few highlights from our chat.
On when it started to hit him that the jury was not going to go his way:
“Immediately. I had no idea that blood in the game was gonna be considered a badge of honor. It's hard to read juries before you get in there. I knew that Sarah had cut some throats. I didn't know much about Zeke's game. I knew he was a good player, but had I watched the season before, I would've had an inkling that this guy is kind of a game-bot and doesn't care what throats get cut — he's gonna reward that. As soon as he stood up, he says, ‘Sarah, I've got a question for you.' He was kinda cagey about it, like, ‘You told me this, and then did this. You told me this, and then did this.' He goes, ‘You're an assassin, I love it. You're my champion to win this season.' I was like, Oooh, that was not what I expected. So it was pretty immediate.”
RELATED: Ranking Every Season of Survivor
On what it was like having to watch back the finale footage of him talking down to Tai:
“It was terrible. I hated it. Tai and I had a very complicated relationship. We were very close early on, and then as soon as we got on the bottom, everybody started scrambling to find a boat. We all had to do what we had to do to keep our life on the island. I was kind of instructed by the upper hand to vote Tai, and he was instructed by the upper hand to vote Sarah. After that, I tried to get back with him like, ‘We need to not take all that serious, let's get back together.' I tried to run small alliances with him and Aubry and Troy, and he went immediately to the other side and was like, ‘Listen, Brad's trying to get all you guys out.'
“That's when Michaela came and said, ‘We need to go catch fish and you're going home.' I was trying to repair that relationship the whole time. You were catching the tail end of frustration on my part, because he kept frustrating me. What you're seeing is the end of a three-hour back-and-forth that started kind of simple, like, ‘Hey Tai, look, if you let me hang onto an idol, then if I win, I'll give it back to you,' and at first he [said] okay, but then he was like, ‘No.' I was like, ‘C'mon, let's do it — we gotta repair our relationship.' ‘Okay, we'll do it,' but then he'd come back with a no. By the end I was like, ‘Goddammit, Tai, we gotta do this,' and it came across terrible. That's why I wanted to, as soon as Jeff asked me a question in the finale, I was like, ‘Jeff I don't even know what you asked me, but I just want to hold Tai, just so everybody else knows it. I'm not a bully.' I hated it. That's a very long answer to your question, but I was uncomfortable.”
Listen to the entire interview with Brad — as well as our chats with Sarah, Tai, Aubry, and Cirie — above. Or subscribe on iTunes to listen on the go. Also make sure to check out our full Survivor finale recap as well as intel on next season from Jeff Probst. And for more EW Morning Live podcast news, follow us on Twitter @EWMLPodcast.
On whether he thought his epic challenge-winning run would help him more with the jury:
“Yeah, I mean clearly I thought it would. I was nervous taking Tai to the final three, I really was. He was very much liked by everybody. The things you see on TV, of course, I'm not privy to Sarah's conversations with the other side. I think she was a part of those, but I really thought Cirie had a hand in a lot of it, I really thought Andrea had a hand in a lot of it, so I really didn't know while I was out there. I knew [Sarah] was on the right side of votes, but I didn't know if she was a major player or not, and maybe by proxy because she was the only one left from that side, they were just giving her all the credit for that, but I just couldn't see that.
“Winning the challenges, I felt good about that. Obviously playing the game you're gonna have friends and enemies. I knew people were angry. I knew Michaela [was nonplussed] with my game, I [was nonplussed] with hers. I thought that would swing it, but clearly I underestimated Sarah's game and she played a fantastic game. It doesn't really bother me. She played really well. It would be one thing if I thought she played a poor game and I lost because everybody was sour grapes, but that really wasn't the case. I thought she played a fantastic game.”
On finding out he would have won on a tiebreaker had he brought Tai instead of Sarah to the end and if that will haunt him:
“No, not at all. I tried to say, that perspective now about whether you would vote for me or not if Tai was still in the game, it's different. The jury can say, ‘Oh yeah, we can definitely place ourselves as it was on the island,' but Tai was universally liked and did not have any enemies. So the perspective of, ‘Okay, after his edit, did he really have a hand in much stuff? No, maybe not' — that wasn't the case on the island. I think, had I brought Tai, maybe I would've lost or maybe I would've won. I don't know. I just don't think it's a fair test at this point, after you've watched the show from a different perspective.”
RELATED: Brad Culpepper Talks Exclusively About This Season of Survivor with Andrea Boehlke
On what his wife Monica, who also made it all the way to the end and lost in her second time playing, had to say after watching everything:
“Well, she was a little disappointed by them kinda painting me evil on that last episode. She wasn't happy about that. She didn't care about coming in second place. She was like, ‘Gosh, they could've showed different ways,' but I was like, ‘Listen, honey, that's the way it goes.' So she was more upset about the Tai thing. Not mad at me, just at how they wanted to portray it.
“Sarah was — it's a little disjointed. You see me talking about how Tai stabbed me in the back, but they didn't really show much of that. You also didn't see Sarah talking about swearing on her kids and that other stuff. Andrea was up there crying. It was pretty harsh. Good gameplay for Sarah, but she would throw her family under the bus to get votes. It was just a different angle that worked. So Monica was just disappointed they were trying to focus on me bullying Tai more than anything else.”
On if he has Culpepper family bragging rights because he got more votes (three) than Monica did (one):
“No. She's the best Survivor player. It's not even close. I'm definitely second fiddle to her. If she played, she would win. Neither of us are gonna play again so it doesn't really matter, but I will always be second fiddle to her.”
The following post was posted by Rita Nehme as a status a few moments after yesterday's explosion and re-posted here with her permission.
Is it tomorrow yet? Have we gotten over it? Over the shock, the fumes, the debris? Have we buried the bodies? Have we called them martyrs yet, a title stuck onto the bodies still burning as if it's any consolation to their families? Have we completely erased their memory, their children, mothers, fathers? Have we moved on?
We've completely numbed ourselves. We took our ability to persevere through hard times, whatever that means. The reality is we are barely making it through. We don't own our fate, we don't own our country, and we sure don't own our lives. We've lost control and, somehow, that's celebrated. The chaos, how glamorous! – I live in Beirut and we go out drinking amidst explosions, amidst the lingering smell of burned skin.
No, we've chosen to be indifferent, completely apathetic. We've lost it.
I'm sorry Beirut. I'm so sorry for how they treat you, a mailbox for neighboring countries. You're nothing to them. Even worse, your own people have given up on you and on each other. We are a people chloroformed by sectarianism. We don't feel for the dead and we sure don't feel for Beirut.
Victims
Mohammed Nasser Mansour
Saddam al-Khanshouri
Kevork Takajian
Mohammad Shatah
Tareq Bader
Mohammad Shaar
My note:
Rita's status reminded me of a poem by Harold Pinter called “Death”. Pinter wrote it to force us to face death, something I believe we Lebanese have become, for better or worse, numb to.
He said: ‘Do the structures of language and the structures of reality (by which I mean what actually happens) move along parallel lines? Does reality essentially remain outside language, separate, obdurate, alien, vital correspondence between what is-to distort what happens-because we fear it? We can't face the dead. But we must face the dead, because they die in our name. We must pay attention to what is being done in our name. I believe it's because of the way we use language that we have got ourselves into this terrible trap'.
I don't know how to view our attitude towards bombs. A part of me feels it's healthier than panicking, another feels like Rita that we've gotten a bit too comfortable. I'll reserve my thoughts for a longer post when I find the time.
Here's the great late Howard Pinter reading his poem followed by the text.
Where was the body found?
Who found the dead body?
Was the dead body dead when found?
How was the dead body found?
Who was the dead body?
Who was the father or daughter or brother
Or uncle or sister or mother or son
Of the dead and abandoned body?
Was the body dead when abandoned?
Was the body abandoned?
By whom had it been abandoned?
Was the dead body naked or dressed for a journey?
What made you declare the dead body dead?
Did you declare the dead body dead?
How well did you know the dead body?
How did you know the body was dead?
Did you wash the dead body
Did you close both its eyes
Did you bury the body
Did you leave it abandoned
Did you kiss the dead body
You can also find me on Twitter @JoeyAyoub
Users in the country can issue typical Alexa voice commands in their native tongue. They can, say, listen to news from Japanese media companies like NHK, TBS TV, TV TOKYO, Asahi Newspaper and Mainichi Newspaper. They can ask Alexa for the local weather forecast, as well as questions about local celebs, locations ("What is the altitude of Alexa, Mt. Fuji?"), prominent dates in the country and even the spelling of English words.
Amazon also wants to make sure third-party developers can create unique experiences for Japanese users, so it has given them access to Alexa's Skills Kit. Japanese companies will even be able to use Alexa's Voice Service soon, which will give them the power to embed Alexa into their devices, services and maybe even their robots. If you're in Japan, the basic Echo, the Echo Plus with built-in smart home hub and the tiny Echo Dot speaker will set you back 11,980 yen ($105), 17,980 yen ($158) and 5,980 yen ($53), respectively when they start shipping on November 13th.
TALLAHASSEE — The Second Amendment should supersede a Florida law that bans firearms from state university housing, a gun-rights group argued before seemingly skeptical appellate judges Tuesday.
The 1st District Court of Appeal in Tallahassee heard arguments from Florida Carry Inc., which contends students and other people residing in on-campus housing at the University of Florida should be allowed to maintain possession of firearms as they would at their parents' homes.
"All we are saying is that the right to possess a firearm in one's home is fundamental," said Florida Carry attorney Lesley McKinney after the hearing. "Regardless of where one's home is, it's still their home."
The judges offered no timeline on when they might rule.
The University of Florida has disputed that the federal or state constitutions guarantee the right to have firearms in university housing.
University spokeswoman Janine Sikes maintained after the hearing that the school is in compliance with state law regarding on-campus firearm possession, which includes a December 2013 ruling from the same court that the University of North Florida cannot bar firearms stowed in cars.
Attorney Barry Richard, representing the university, argued to the judges that students have an option to reside off-campus if they are adamant about firearm possession.
"If you want to be in an environment, or you want your child to be in an environment, in which you have the security and peace-of-mind of knowing there are no guns permitted, then you place them in university housing," Richard told the judges. "If you feel strongly that you want your child or an adult student feels they want a weapon, they can live in non-university housing. I know of no provision at the University of Florida, or any other school, any longer, that requires a student to live on campus."
An Alachua County circuit judge sided with the Gainesville school last year.
Judge Scott Makar, one of the three judges on the appeals panel, told Florida Carry attorney Eric Friday the case would be helped with a named plaintiff who could describe the personal impacts of the ban.
Makar also told Friday that lawmakers, through state laws, have given the state university system's Board of Governors the power to develop guidelines for university boards of trustees related to university-owned and university-controlled grounds, including restrictions on firearms.
"I recognize that neither side cited this statute in their briefs, but it seems to give pretty clear regulatory authority down to the universities," Makar said.
Friday said that part of state statutes could be interpreted to regulate matters such as how weapons are transported across campus to a firearm course or how they are stored in a classroom.
"That chapter is about the educational environment, and the educational environment we submit is very distinct and separate from the home environment," Friday argued.
Friday added that while Florida Carry represents "multiple" students, the organization retains members' right to privacy.
The arguments came after gun-rights advocates unsuccessfully sought to pass legislation this year that would have allowed people with concealed-weapons licenses to carry firearms on university campuses. The National Rifle Association has vowed to bring back the measure in 2016.
In a brief filed in March, the university pointed to other places that it said lawmakers have designated as "firearms-free zones," including courthouses, polling places and bars.
Friday said Florida Carry is moving forward with its legal argument because the issue isn't carrying guns on campus, as state lawmakers have proposed, but possession within a person's home as allowed by the U.S. Constitution.
"You can't force somebody to waive a constitutional right in order to gain the benefit of attending a public university," Friday said after the hearing. "If that's true, then the universities could require students to waive their Fourth Amendment rights and have their rooms subject to search at any time."
McKinney added that they are pursuing the change through the courts because "we've seen a lot lately that the courts aren't necessarily trending towards waiting for the legislative or democratic process to enforce a fundamental right."
0
One of the things I love about Marvel releasing a new film is I usually get the chance to talk with Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige. As the mastermind behind Marvel's worldwide success, I can't stress enough how thankful I am that he's the one leading the studio. The fact is it's hard to make a movie. It's even harder to make a great movie. But to keep making films that audiences around the world love for almost a decade is astounding and it's only due to Feige's leadership and the great team of executives that surround him. We're living in a great time to be a fan of comic book movies and it's important to take the time to appreciate the people bringing them to life.
During my 10-minute interview with Feige we talked about Marvel and Sony's relationship and what the future holds for Spider-Man, if Fox and Marvel still aren't the best of friends, the challenges of having so many characters in Joe and Anthony Russo's Avengers: Infinity War, the contract status of some of their key players, if a Captain America movie has to star Steve Rogers, if any of the Netflix MCU characters will jump to the big screen, their 2019 and 2020 movies, and a lot more.
Check out what he had to say below and make sure to see Doctor Strange in IMAX 3D. The 3D actually makes the film even better!
Collider: Well first I'll start with a congratulation. How much were you on Twitter last night at 10 o'clock when the social embargo lifted?
KEVIN FEIGE: I was traveling yesterday so thankfully. I was having just talking with Scott [Derrickson] who told me he was right there and at 9:59. I knew that you guys were seeing it, but thankfully I wasn't even in a position to check anything until I already got an email with of all of the reactions. So I wasn't desperately doing that.
Yeah, I saw Scott Derrickson was retweeting and liking…
FEIGE: I don't know how good that is for our psyches to sit there and wait like that. But when I saw the initial responses at midnight or something a little after it had all happened I was very pleased.
Got a bunch of questions for you from some of my staff and myself. Are the Avengers ever going to be made aware that [Phil] Coulson is alive?
FEIGE: Maybe.
Fans are very excited about the Marvel/Sony team up. Has the iceberg between Fox and Marvel started to thaw or is it still a frozen tundra?
FEIGE: Well, it's the same as it has always been. I don't want to attribute it as a frozen wasteland or anything like that.
I'll say it's a frozen wasteland.
FEIGE: We all get along and I see them occasionally but there's no change in any dynamic.
Tom Holland recently said he wasn't sure if Spider-Man would be in Avengers: Infinity War and a lot of us assumed that the relationship you made with Sony for…are you guys still figuring out the future of Spider-Man with Marvel? How much have you guys figured out where Spider-Man can be and where your characters will go with Sony?
FEIGE: We're figuring it out. I mean, it was really the specifics for Captain America: Civil War and Spider-Man: Homecoming. Spider-Man: Homecoming just wrapped as you know and we're just getting into cutting that movie, so that's the primary focus but we are…that iceberg is thawed and is non existent. So we talk to them all the time about what could be fun for the future.
Yeah, I saw Tom Rothman for the Inferno thing.
FEIGE: Yeah, you filmed it, right? I saw that, yes.
And I liked his reaction.
FEIGE: Where was that? That was in Italy?
It was on Florence on the red carpet.
FEIGE: Oh my God.
What's great is no one wanted to talk to him or had any idea who he was and I lit up.
FEIGE: And he recognizes you, which I love too.
Lord Nicholas Stern, the widely respected author of a landmark 2006 government-commissioned report on global warming's effect on the world economy, says he should have been more “blunt” about the dangers posed by rising temperatures.
In an interview at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, Stern said: “Looking back, I underestimated the risks. The planet and the atmosphere seem to be absorbing less carbon than we expected, and emissions are rising pretty strongly. Some of the effects are coming through more quickly than we thought then.”
The 2006 review predicted a 75 percent chance that global temperatures would rise 2 to 3 degrees above the long term average. Now Stern says the planet is “on track for something like four.” Other major studies have shown a 6-degree rise is probable.
“I think I would have been a bit more blunt,” he said. “I would have been much more strong about the risks of a four- or five-degree rise.”
As Stern regretted his underestimation, Jim Yong Kim, the new president of the World Bank, warned others present at the Davos conference of “water and food fights everywhere” if the forecast of a 4-degree increase proves accurate.
Kim asserted the need for a carbon market in which businesses pay to pollute and are compensated to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. Confidence in those schemes took a well-deserved hit last week, however, as the price of carbon in Europe dropped to an all-time low. The Climate News Network reported Sunday that “It is now cheaper [for European companies] to pollute the atmosphere than to invest in becoming energy-efficient.”
This outcome was expected. The scheme, known as ETS, now in its eighth year, was not controlled by laws that prevented industry from weakening it through lobbying. Corporations complained that emission caps and high carbon prices would limit their ability to compete in the world market, and politicians caved. The market became flush with unsold credits, and prices plunged from a record $40 a tonne in the summer of 2008 to less than $4 on Thursday. “[I]t is hard to see how the price could recover,” Climate News Network reported.
Such a complete failure of markets to serve as reliable engines in the effort to combat global warming leaves little reason to continue depending on them. Politicians, who have more resources to inform themselves than almost any other group, should know this better than anyone else.
“The ETS is not fit for purpose,” Joanna Cabello from Carbon Trade Watch said in Climate News Network's story. “It has generated windfall profits for polluting corporations, postponed the needed transition away from fossil fuels, and its unintended consequences are locking the EU into another generation of energy production based on fossil fuels. These structural flaws remain unaddressed by the [European] Commission.
“Instead of taking their responsibility, politicians have voluntarily put their main instrument to fight climate change in the hands of the financial markets. As we know, market mechanisms have their own dynamic. Profit-making and not fighting climate change has become the overriding objective of the players involved in carbon trading.”
— Posted by Alexander Reed Kelly.
Does it make you feel any better than the creators of Lost never had any intention of telling you what the hell was up with that random polar bear? Probably not: “No — we're not gonna tell where that polar bear came from, but we're all about answering the rest.” The rest? Really? A recently leaked document from the show's beginnings reveals an entire structured layout for the show's start, middle and end. According to Damon Lindelof, the document is actually what the network wanted, and what they struggled against. /Film explains, having spoken to Lost's creator about it all: “This document outlines the version of Lost the network wanted, but one that Lindelof and J.J. Abrams didn't.” Basically: “ABC picked up the show, which never would have happened without this document. However, once those writers got to writing the actual series, many of these ideas got thrown away.”
But, wait! What about the polar bear? Obviously a few of these outlined details did make the final cut, and it's fascinating to see what ABC imagined their golden child Lost was going to be:
True to our commitment to provide rational, real-world explanations for the seemingly bizarre, our castaways will make a series of discoveries in the first few episodes that indicate the “monster” may indeed have man-made origins which offers a variety of possible explanations illuminating its true nature. Perhaps the result of the experiments performed by the island's past inhabitants or simply a small part within an elaborate security system designed to protect yet undiscovered facilities, the beast is almost as scary when it's NOT there.
Smoke. Monster.
True to our commitment to provide rational, real-world explanations for the seemingly bizarre, our castaways will make a series of discoveries in the first few episodes that indicate the “monster” may indeed have man-made origins which offers a variety of possible explanations illuminating its true nature. Perhaps the result of the experiments performed by the island's past inhabitants or simply a small part within an elaborate security system designed to protect yet undiscovered facilities, the beast is almost as scary when it's NOT there.
Melrose. Place.
True to our commitment to provide rational, real-world explanations for the seemingly bizarre, our castaways will make a series of discoveries in the first few episodes that indicate the “monster” may indeed have man-made origins which offers a variety of possible explanations illuminating its true nature. Perhaps the result of the experiments performed by the island's past inhabitants or simply a small part within an elaborate security system designed to protect yet undiscovered facilities, the beast is almost as scary when it's NOT there.
Logical explanations? LOL.
Read the entire thing here.
A Moscow zoo is suing an advertising firm that used one of its animals in an erotic photo shoot.
Tomas the racoon was left “traumatised” and came back with an unhealthy attraction to women's breasts after the shoot with Moscow studio Art-Msk last year, his owners have said.
Animals Aren't Toys, a privately run “contact zoo” that allows visitors to handle its animals, is now suing the company not only for Tomas' ordeal, but damage to the reputation of an entire species.
“The plaintiff considers it unacceptable to use a raccoon in video and photographs with a naked woman,” the zoo said in a suit demanding the material be removed from Art-Msk's website.
“By photographing him with a naked woman, the defendant has caused damage to the raccoon population. Now everyone who sees this video or photographs will directly associate raccoons with erotica,” adds the document, which was filed in Moscow's Nikolinsky district court on Tuesday.
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations' internal investigations office has uncovered serious lapses and due-diligence failures in the world body's interaction with organizations tied to an alleged bribery scheme involving a former U.N. General Assembly president.
The United Nations headquarters building is pictured though a window with the UN logo in the foreground in the Manhattan borough of New York August 15, 2014. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
The 21-page confidential report by the U.N. Office of Internal Oversight Services' (OIOS), reviewed by Reuters, outlines the results of an audit ordered by Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in response to charges against John Ashe, General Assembly president in 2013-2014, and six other people.
The report gave the U.N. an overall grade of “partially satisfactory” in the March 22 report, which is available to U.N. member states on request. It noted “important deficiencies” in the way United Nations and its staff interacted with non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and oversees U.N. employees.
It is the biggest financial corruption crisis to rock the United Nations since the Oil-for-Food scandal hit the world body during the tenure of Ban's predecessor Kofi Annan. U.N. officials and diplomats say the latest scandal highlights the need for greater transparency at the United Nations.
OIOS recommended improvements in internal U.N. risk management and controls in light of the irregularities uncovered - a U.N. document improperly altered, travel expenses paid by NGOs against U.N. guidelines, U.N. employees keeping iPads given to them by an NGO headed by an indicted individual.
OIOS urged Ban to ensure that any outside organizations the U.N. deals with are properly vetted. It also said that the U.N. should review any continuing relations with NGOs linked to the indictment.
The audit came in response to an ongoing U.S. investigation that has since October resulted in charges against seven people including Ashe, a former U.N. ambassador from Antigua and Barbuda.
U.S. prosecutors say Ashe received $1.3 million in bribes from Chinese businessmen including Ng Lap Seng, a billionaire real estate developer who heads Macau-based Sun Kian Ip Group and was seeking to build a U.N.-sponsored conference center in Macau.
Francis Lorenzo, a suspended deputy U.N. ambassador from the Dominican Republic who prosecutors said helped facilitate Ng's bribes and received bribes himself, pleaded guilty in March and agreed to cooperate with U.S. authorities.Sheri Yan, chief executive of Global Sustainability Foundation, a New York-based NGO, and Heidi Hong Piao, its finance director, accused of facilitating bribes to Ashe, pleaded guilty in January. Julia Vivi Wang has not yet entered a plea, and Ng's assistant Jeff Yin pleaded not guilty.
Attorneys for those charged either did not respond or declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. A spokesman for the Manhattan U.S. attorney's office also declined to comment.
U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said that while the Secretary-General was glad that the audit found many controls working properly, the flagged procedural lapses were a concern.
“Instructions reinforcing the correct procedures with respect to document issuance have been issued to the Departments and Offices concerned,” Dujarric said.
“With regard to the specific cases referred to in the audit, action is being taken to determine responsibility and any measures, including possible disciplinary action, that may be deemed appropriate,” he said, adding that the U.N. was committed to cooperating with the U.S. authorities.
ALTERED DOCUMENT AND FREE IPADS
The most serious lapse OIOS identified involved a Feb. 24, 2012 letter from Ashe to Ban supporting the Macau center that was “reissued for technical reasons” on June 6, 2013.
OIOS said the amended letter, which U.S. prosecutors say was crucial in aiding Ng's plans for the Macau center, should have been cleared with Ban's office first and then flagged as a “revision,” not a reissue.
The revisions included mentions of Ng's group as the representative for the center's implementation and South-South News, founded by Ng, as the project's “leading partner.”
Lorenzo was president and Wang vice-president of South-South News, which remains among media organizations accredited to the U.N. South-South News did not respond to a request for comment.
OIOS said commercial enterprises should never be mentioned in official U.N. documents, unless they qualify for an exception, which was not the case here.
The audit said the irregularities “assume significance” in the context of the allegations against Ashe and the role the document played in the alleged scheme.”It is therefore essential that responsibility is assigned for these lapses, and steps are taken to prevent possible misuse of authority in publishing official documents of the United Nations,” it added.
It was not immediately clear if assigning responsibility for reissuing the document could lead to further charges. U.S. authorities say at least two unnamed U.N. employees were involved in amending the document.
The report also cited an August 2015 conference in Macau, co-sponsored by Sun Kian and the U.N. Development Program (UNDP), whose participants, among them several U.N. staff members, received iPads worth $599 plus tax from the organizers.
Three U.N. staffers told OIOS they handed over the devices to their superiors immediately upon return from Macau, while four others did not do so until later.
The audit recommended that the U.N. Ethics Office issue more specific guidance on gifts to avoid conflicts of interest.
The UNDP is an autonomous U.N. agency and is conducting its own audit, due to be released soon. Last week the U.N. released a report recommending new ethical rules and financial disclosures for the General Assembly president's office.
As Rent Soars, Longtime San Francisco Tenants Fight To Stay
Enlarge this image toggle caption Curtis Fry/Flickr Curtis Fry/Flickr
San Francisco has long been a desirable place to live — and that's even more true today as the city is basking in the glow of another tech boom. But the influx of new money and new residents is putting a strain on the city's housing market.
The city has the highest median rent in the nation, and evictions of longtime residents are skyrocketing.
Ground zero for San Francisco's eviction crisis is the Inner Mission District. Until recently, this edgy neighborhood was home to a mix of working-class Latinos, artists and activists.
Tom Rapp, an airport building maintenance worker, rents a modest second-story flat that he has called home for 15 years. He says a lot of his neighbors have been evicted over the past couple of years. Then bad news came knocking on his door, too.
"We received an eviction notice at the end of August," he says.
"But we've gotten like three different ones, right?" adds his roommate, Patricia Kerman.
Kerman, a senior on a fixed income, has lived in this flat for 27 years.
The two are fighting to stay in their rent-controlled apartment as their landlord tries to evict them under what's known as the Ellis Act. It's a state law that allows an eviction if the landlord wants to pull the building out of the rental market, usually with a plan to sell the units.
"They found this loophole where they're now able to get people out of their rent-controlled apartments, and it's just becoming an epidemic," Rapp says.
Rapp's landlord was not available for comment.
A recent city report finds that Ellis Act evictions have increased 170 percent over the past three years. Low- and middle-income tenants are unlikely to find another affordable apartment in San Francisco, where the median monthly rent has risen to about $3,400.
Fighting Back
At the steps of San Francisco City Hall, a small group of tenants and community organizers recently demanded that the city do something to prevent more evictions.
Inside City Hall, at a packed hearing of the Board of Supervisors, landlord Andrew Long blamed the evictions on the city's rent-control policies.
"This has caused rents for long-term tenants to be quite low, which is great for them, but it doesn't keep a building up," Long said.
Long said rent control drives small property landlords into the hands of big-money speculators who profit from converting rentals to condos.
But the hearing was dominated by scores of long-time residents who talked about their fears of getting pushed out of San Francisco.
Beverly Upton, director of the San Francisco Domestic Violence Consortium, is facing eviction from a building where she has lived for 25 years.
"Once the advocates and the organizers and the artists are gone, who will be left to care about our city?" she said.
That's a big concern in San Francisco, where traditionally there's always been a balance between the comfortable and the nonconformists, says former Mayor Art Agnos.
"The struggle to keep people who make between $60,000 and $150,000 a year is what we're facing in San Francisco. That's who the struggle is for today," Agnos says. "Frankly, it's all but over for the poor in this city."
More Development To Come
The evictions and the fear they engender come as the city is booming. Construction cranes crowd the downtown horizon. Pricey new restaurants serve the well-heeled tech crowd. Million-dollar condos sell for cash as soon as they come on the market.
So in a city that takes pride in its quirky diversity, there's a palpable sense that the bohemian days of live and let live are slipping away, Agnos says.
"We're not saying wealthy people shouldn't live here," he says. "What we're saying is we're losing the balance and the opportunity that has always been the promise of San Francisco."
San Francisco has endured similar periods when its housing supply has been squeezed, like during the last dot-com boom.
And each time, Agnos says, the city has become that much less affordable.
Image copyright Airbus DS Image caption Artwork: LISA envisages three spacecraft linked by laser arms that are 2.5 million km in length
It is set to be one of the major science projects of the 2030s.
The European Space Agency has just given the green light to the LISA mission to detect gravitational waves.
This will see lasers bounced between three identical satellites separated by 2.5 million km.
By looking for tiny perturbations in these light beams, the trio hope to catch the warping of space-time that is generated by cataclysmic events such as the merger of gargantuan black holes.
Ground-based laboratories in the US have recently begun detecting gravitational waves from coalescing objects that are 20-30 times the mass of our Sun.
But by sending an observatory into space, scientists would expect to discover sources that are millions of times bigger still, and to sense their activity all the way out to the edge of the observable Universe.
It should immeasurably advance our understanding of gravity and how it works; and perhaps even highlight some chinks in Einstein's so-far flawless equations.
"We have no idea what we will discover, but perhaps we can get closer to the line that divides gravity from quantum physics. This may take us there," said Esa's director of science, Prof Alvaro Giménez Cañete.
Gravitational waves - Ripples in the fabric of space-time
Image copyright IGO/Caltech/MIT/Sonoma State Image caption Artwork: Two coalescing black holes spinning in a non-aligned fashion
Gravitational waves are a prediction of the Theory of General Relativity
It took decades to develop the technology to directly detect them
They are ripples in the fabric of space-time generated by violent events
Accelerating masses will produce waves that propagate at the speed of light
Detectable sources ought to include merging black holes and neutron stars
LIGO fires lasers into long, L-shaped tunnels; the waves disturb the light
LISA will fire lasers between three spacecraft separated by 2.5 million km
Detecting the waves opens up the Universe to completely new investigations
The agency's Science Programme Committee took the decision to select LISA as one of the agency's flagship missions at a meeting in Madrid.
It paves the way for parallel industrial studies to consider the best way to build the mission.
Once these have reported back and it is clear how Esa member states will divide up the various responsibilities for the satellites' development, the SPC can reconvene to formally "adopt" the project.
It is at this point that the mission becomes real and the flight hardware begins to be fabricated.
One of the outstanding questions that needs to be resolved soon is the role and contribution of international partners.
There was a time when LISA was going to be a 50-50 endeavour between Europe and the US.
Then, in 2011, the Americans walked away from the concept, citing financial worries.
Europe continued with the feasibility work, even operating a demonstration spacecraft last year to test key technologies.
But with the confirmation of the existence of gravitational waves made at the Advanced LIGO labs in Washington and Louisiana states, the Americans are understandably very keen to get back onboard.
The earlier painful divorce had prompted Esa to put a 20% ceiling on any future international contribution, to avoid being left high and dry again.
But Prof Giménez said there could be some flexibility on the issue, especially if it makes the mission more do-able.
"The 20% is not so hard and fast; whether it's 15% or 30% is not important. What's important is that Esa leads," he told BBC News on a visit here to the Paris Air Show.
"This is one of our Large-Class missions, one of our flagships. And you have to lead your flagships. The problem with 50-50 is that no-one leads, and nobody takes the responsibility needed to make sure things happen."
Detecting gravitational waves is an astonishing technical feat. Even though these black hole mergers are extremely powerful, the ripples they induce in the fabric of space-time are fantastically small.
The laser interferometers in the LISA satellites will need to be sensitive to a squeezing and stretching of their light beams on the order of just a few picometres. That's a few trillionths of a metre. And they must achieve this while the host spacecraft hold the formation of a triangle where each side is more than six times the Earth-Moon distance.
Remarkably, Esa's demonstrator, known as LISA Pathfinder, proved the necessarily sensitivities could readily be accomplished.
Image copyright ESA Image caption PLATO will launch in 2026, two years later than originally envisaged
Tuesday's Science Programme Committee also formally adopted a planet-hunting telescope called PLATO. This was first selected in 2014, which gives an idea of how long it can take to step through the hoops of mission approval. PLATO is now set for launch in 2026.
The earmarked launch date for LISA is 2034. Efforts will be made, though, to bring this forward because of the excitement that currently surrounds gravitational wave science.
"It won't be much earlier - even if we had all the money in the world," Prof Giménez said. "It's a question of the technology readiness. It takes time to build a mission as complex as this. 2030 is the earliest we could do it, assuming we get the money we need and have no problems."
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
On Friday, liberal feminist women spent the day protesting the National Rifle Association by marching from Fairfax, Virginia, to Washington D.C.
The organizers of the march are the same women who organized nationwide marches for the day after President Donald Trump was inaugurated in January. Those marches drew millions, including several hundred thousand people in Washington alone.
The march came after the NRA last month released a controversial ad in which they were accused of advocating for violence against the mainstream media, Hollywood and any other entity that advocates restricting Second Amendment rights.
The controversy surrounded a line in the ad where the narrator says the way to fight back against those who want to restrict the Second Amendment is to "fight this violence of lies with the clenched fist of truth."
The purpose of the march hinged on that line. According to The Hill, a Facebook event page for the march read: "We know that we are not safe. But we will not be intimidated into silence."
"Recent actions of the NRA demonstrate not only a disregard for the lives of black and brown people in America, but appear to be a direct endorsement of violence against women, our families and our communities for exercising our constitutional right to protest," the event page said.
But according to Townhall.com and images of the event's leaders, the march's leader's hypocrisy was in full display as they walked around with armed security and were even followed by protective vehicles. Those walking around with security included Linda Sarsour and Tamika Mallory, according to reports.
More from Townhall.com:
Leftist agitators like Linda Sarsour and Shannon Watts hiring armed protection while demanding the rest of us turn in our guns into government bureaucrats is nothing new. Watts does the same every time she shows up to protest at the NRA annual meeting. Former NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who pays Watts millions to take away the Second Amendment rights of everyday Americans, doesn't go anywhere without his security detail.
In addition to the march from the NRA headquarters to the Department of Justice building in Washington, the group also released a list of three demands in response to the NRA ad, including calling for the indictment of a Minnesota police officer who was found not guilty of manslaughter in the shooting death of Philando Castile.
Halt and Catch Fire has always been less about the big tech ideas themselves than the people struggling to discover them. While the burgeoning internet sets the backdrop for season four, the first couple episodes show Cameron's struggle to get Atari to publish her high concept walking sim.
When I wrote last week's post about season three's pivotal Super Mario Bros. episode I had no idea how big a role those scenes would play in Halt and Catch Fire 's two hour season four premier. I certainly didn't expect the show to situate what looks like a cross between Proteus and Tomb Raider as a mechanism for her reconnecting Joe.
But then again mining the backstories and struggles of tech history's failed dreamers and also-rans is part of what has made Halt and Catch Fire such an unusually compelling period drama.
It's easy to view history not only as what did happen, but what, in retrospect, had to happen. The fact that Donald Trump did win the 2016 election transforms into the belief that he was always going to win. PlayStation revolutionised gaming because it was CDs destiny to revolutionise it. This instinct is especially strong in technology, where progress is conceived of as a something like a linear staircase to be ascended. In reality though, things could always have happened differently, and people have a way of circling back on things that make stories of technological destiny inadequate.
Another World creator Eric Chahi noted in a Another Worldcreator Eric Chahi noted in a 2015 interview that it was only relatively recently that developers began feeling free to pursue their creative visions outside of the horse-race for ever better graphics.
"That was a time where you felt you couldn't make a 2D game!" he said to Eurogamer about the 90s. "I remember when Heart of Darkness was released, some people were criticising that the game was in 2D. Today you can release a 2D game in very low resolution, and it's not an issue at all! There is a realism wall, and the game industry broke that wall between 2000-2006, where finally you can have 2D games, if the game is good. It shows an evolution between the developer and the public."
Prior to the proliferation of home consoles begun first by Atari and then later Nintendo, people could create games and share their projects via floppy disk with ease, a state of affairs that powers Halt and Catch Fire 's second season.
In season four, however, Cameron finds herself in a situation similar to Chahi's as she struggles, and ultimately fails, to get Atari to ship her esoteric exploration project, Pilgrim. The game testers are too busy salivating over fatalities in Mortal Kombat (or the "superior graphics" and controls in Street Fighter ) to patiently endure her game's eccentric and philosophic underpinnings.
"It feels like homework," they collectively agree. The game's twist is that finally solving it sends you back to the beginning, although Cameron dangles the possibility that doing something less on subsequent playthroughs might unlock a new path. Nevertheless, her Atari handler asks if she can at the very least include the game's controls in one of the menus to which she responds that that would be ruining the magic trick.
Showrunners Christopher Cantwell and Christopher Rogers have demonstrated a deft touch when it comes to balancing the shows dramatic time jumps with the audience's need to have something familiar it can hold onto to during these transitions, but few time lapses have felt more dramatic than the ones exposed in Saturday's back-to-back episodes"So It Goes" and "Signal to Noise." Only a few seasons ago code monkeys were trading tips for text adventure games during work breaks. Now Gordon's grunge-infused kids are watching FMV sprites pummel each other in gory detail.
It was the mid-80s when Gordon and Cameron were battling piranha plants and now, nearly a decade later, they once again find themselves with a Nintendo controller in their hands. But this time it's Super Mario Kart instead of Super Mario Bros. and the mood's more somber. It's a contrast that specific to both the 90s and video games and which the show uses to build out the scene rather than simply exploit as a period-setting prop.
We've all been there, groggily firing off Koopa shells as the Saturday morning stretches into the afternoon (Gordon bashing his head against the Special Cup's Doughnut Plains 3 stage is a great little added touch). Watching both characters play Battle Mode while they continue to spin their wheels in real life, however, is the exact opposite the carefree feeling the game's menu music usually invokes. Of course, eight years ago Cameron and Gordon dropped Bowser in the lava while sitting in the same living room.
The future of Mutiny looked bright. Cameron and Tom were finally getting hitched. Now everyone's divorced, Mutiny's no more, and both characters are fumbling around the edges of Dot Com boom. Also the only person who's willing to endure her slow-paced mind-fuck of walking sim is a tortured ex-lover.
Because Cameron isn't working on a Mario platformer clone or arcade fighter, it actually has a way of positioning our popular memory of the era as an incomplete, alternate timeline, making Pilgrim feel like the future and Super Mario Kart like a one-time fad, and in so doing reminds just that the recent past was rife with more possibilities than we usually allow them.
Walking sims are by no means Walking sims are by no means a new genre . We simply forgot about them in the face of recent history's more iconic games and the ones, unlike Cameron's Pilgrim, that weren't canceled.
No Statement From Obama or Clinton on Murder of Dwyane Wade's Cousin as Trump Sends Condolences
While Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is taking flak for commenting that the shooting death of mother of four Nykea Aldridge, cousin of Chicago Bulls star Dwyane Wade, while she was pushing a baby stroller down a Chicago sidewalk Friday afternoon is what he has been speaking about in saying African-Americans should vote for him because he will make it safe for Blacks to walk their neighborhoods without getting shot, there has been no statement by President Barack Obama nor any statement by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on Aldridge's murder.
Clinton and Obama are both from Chicago which is currently run by Mayor Rahm Emmanuel who has close political ties to both Clinton and Obama.
A news search shows no reports of statement by Clinton or Obama. No statements can be found on their respective Twitter accounts, however, there are two tweets by Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin mocking Trump for his tweets on Aldridge's murder.
Not that there was any doubt about who wrote this pic.twitter.com/3PxSePEiQu — Josh Schwerin (@JoshSchwerin) August 27, 2016
“Not that there was any doubt about who wrote this”
So Trump's staff deleted his tweet and retweeted with the correct spelling? pic.twitter.com/UXh7QwKFQ0 — Josh Schwerin (@JoshSchwerin) August 27, 2016
“So Trump's staff deleted his tweet and retweeted with the correct spelling?”
Trump's corrected tweet and condolence statement:
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 27, 2016
“Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!”
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 27, 2016
“My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.”
Trump spoke about Aldridge's murder in a speech in Iowa Saturday afternoon.
Trump addresses shooting of Dwyane Wade's cousin in Iowa. In prepared remarks, Wade's name is misspelled. pic.twitter.com/OAp2fK01sc — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) August 27, 2016
“Trump addresses shooting of Dwyane Wade's cousin in Iowa. In prepared remarks, Wade's name is misspelled.”
Trump's statement as delivered:
Trump mentions Dwyane Wade's family tragedy in his speech today here in Iowa. Full bit below: pic.twitter.com/M3RZ215ioK — Jose A. Del Real (@jdelreal) August 27, 2016
“Trump mentions Dwyane Wade's family tragedy in his speech today here in Iowa. Full bit below:”
Fox News posted an excerpt of Trump's Iowa speech where he spoke Aldridge's murder.
UPDATE: Clinton's running mate Tim Kaine spoke to the press about Trump's tweet Saturday afternoon during a campaign stop in Miami Lakes, Florida.
Kaine on @realDonaldTrump tweet abt Dwyane Wade's cousin: "We just ought to be extending or sympathy to the family." pic.twitter.com/s3qIEeMPn5 — Kailani Koenig (@kailanikm) August 27, 2016
“Kaine on @realDonaldTrump tweet abt Dwyane Wade's cousin: “We just ought to be extending or sympathy to the family.””
As odd as it may sound, the business relationship between Apple and Samsung is growing stronger by the day and expanding into areas beyond semiconductor chip manufacturing. Apparently Samsung has put together a team of around 200 employees dedicated entirely to building displays for Apple's products, and nothing else.That's according toand the "people with direct knowledge of the matter" that it spoke with. As those unnamed sources tell it, the special team of display makers has been tasked with providing screens for iPad devices and MacBook computers. The team also helps develops new products, though details of the arrangement are a bit fuzzy since details of the arrangement haven't been made public.Assuming the information is accurate, this is an interesting development, as it seems to indicate that tensions between Apple and Samsung are subsiding. This is in stark contrast to when the two sides blitzed each other with lawsuits around the globe pertaining to their mobile devices, though the contentious nature of their relationship has fizzled somewhat starting when the two agreed to drop all lawsuits outside the U.S.More recently, it was reported that Samsung would again be making custom SoCs for Apple's next generation of iPhone and iPad devices after losing out to TSMC last round. With Apple now tapping Samsung to dedicate a team to building displays for its products, it seems these two firms have found it better to get along with work together rather than continue spending hundreds of millions of dollars on legal fees.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Last August, two prisoners escaped from an Arizona penitentiary and fled to New Mexico, where they ambushed a couple, shot them to death, and lit their bodies on fire inside a trailer.
These fugitives didn't escape from just any facility: They were housed in a privately run prison managed by the Utah-based Management Training Corporation. After the incident, a review by the Arizona Department of Corrections concluded that the prison had poorly trained staff and deficient equipment—including a faulty security system that emitted so many false alarms, the prison staff simply ignored it.
Episodes like this have raised concerns about the privatization of prisons, with critics long arguing that such facilities pose a threat to public safety and don't save states much—if any—money in the long run. They also argue that such facilities pose a perverse incentive to keep people locked up. Still, the nation could soon see a major private-prison boom, as Republican governors and legislators across the country push privatization proposals to address budget shortfalls.
In Ohio, Gov. John Kasich has proposed selling five prisons to private companies—a move that would bring in an estimated $200 million up front—while Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal plans to sell three state prisons to private operators. In Florida, the GOP-controlled Legislature is making an even broader push, hammering out a budget bill that would require the state to privatize the prisons in South Florida, where one-fifth of the state's 100,000-plus inmates reside.
Likewise, Maine's new GOP governor, Paul Le Page, has vowed to bring private prisons to his state for the first time, backing a bill that would also allow Maine to house out-of-state prisoners. In Texas, where prison privatization began decades ago, Harris County is now deliberating a plan to privatize the state's largest jail. And in Minnesota, Republican state lawmakers have introduced a bill that would require the state to solicit offers from private companies to manage the state's inmates.
The prison industry saw a big boom in the 1980s and 1990s, but growth slowed during the recent recession. Strapped for cash, state corrections agencies have been trying to squeeze prisoners into fewer facilities and reducing sentences for nonviolent criminals. Now, with Republicans back in power on the state level and in Washington, the new prison-privatization fervor could bring back business once again. “Private prisons may be taking a bit of a hit right now, at least in the US,” says Chris Hartney, a senior fellow at the National Council on Crime and Delinquency, a nonprofit research and public policy organization. But this year's state budgets could create an “uptick in privatization” if lawmakers succeed in passing such proposals, he adds.
Many of the proposals now under consideration would open prison management and sales up to competitive bidding, often requiring the companies to reduce costs by at least 5 percent. The private corrections industry has claimed it can save taxpayers anywhere between 5 and 15 percent a year, and supporters have cited recent studies to that effect. But critics contend that these promised savings are questionable at best. “If there's cost savings, it usually comes in the form of something short-term, early on, and it fades over time,” says Travis Pratt, a criminology professor at Arizona State University who's researched private prisons.
According to a 2007 study by the University of Utah, there isn't much evidence to show that private prisons actually save any money. “Our conclusion is that prison privatization provides neither a clear advantage nor disadvantage compared to publicly managed prisons,” the researchers concluded.
In Florida, three recent cost-effectiveness studies of the state's private prisons came up with similarly contradictory results. Likewise, Dr. Gerry Gaes, a former director of research at the federal Bureau of Prisons, told Policy Matters Ohio, a left-leaning think-tank: “Direct comparisons of cost and quality neither favor the public nor the private sector.”
Some studies even suggest that private prisons cost more than public ones. According to one 2010 report by the Arizona Department of Corrections, “[T]he cost of housing a medium-security inmate is $3 to $8 more per day in a private prison, depending on what assumptions are made about overhead costs to the state,” as the Arizona Republic reported.
Critics warn that more than dollars could be at stake, citing the industry's spotty track record. In Mississippi, a class-action lawsuit on behalf of 13 inmates in a private facility claims that guards had sex with inmates, and that inadequate medical care and improper oversight led to one inmate suffering from brain damage. Last year, the GEO Group paid a $40 million settlement to the family of an inmate who was beaten to death in 2001 by fellow inmates while guards stood by in a Texas penitentiary.
“There are only so many places you can cut costs, places where you can save money, usually staffing and training,” says Arizona State's Pratt. “That could present later security concerns. There's nothing magical about privatization.”
So why would lawmakers embrace prison privatization, when it's not even clear that it will save taxpayers money in the long run? Some blame the industry's long-standing, cozy ties with lawmakers and aggressive lobbying. Ultimately, whatever the costs down the road, the upfront savings may be too tempting. “In fiscal emergencies, folks aren't looking too far forward in terms of the true cost of privatization,” concludes NCCD's Hartney.
There are two basic types of information that we're looking to discern out of each poll. One is simply the raw number: how much does the poll have President Obama leading or trailing Mitt Romney by? The other is the trendline: does the poll show toward a shift toward either candidate from previous editions of the same survey?
In the long run, you'd hope that the answers to these questions are compatible with one another. If a set of polls show good numbers for Mr. Obama, you'd expect them to be good in both an absolute sense and also relative to earlier points in the race.
But sometimes there are days when looking at the polls through these different frames produces a somewhat different take on them. Monday was one such occasion.
There were nine national polls published on Monday, which are listed in the table below. On average, they showed Mr. Obama with a 3.5 percentage point lead over Mr. Romney.
That's smaller than the leads we were seeing in national polls last week, which seemed to be concentrated more in the range of a five- or six-point lead for Mr. Obama. It also suggests a smaller lead than recent state-by-state polls seem to imply.
So has the race already shifted back toward Mr. Romney some? Perhaps, but this is less apparent from the trendlines within these polls.
If you compare the nine surveys released on Monday against the last time they were published (in all cases, the comparison poll postdates the Democratic conventions), only four showed a shift toward Mr. Romney. An equal number, four, showed Mr. Obama gaining ground instead, while one poll remained unchanged.
In all cases but one, the shift was extremely modest — within one percentage point in one direction or the other. The exception was a new CNN national poll, which had Mr. Romney closing his deficit from six points to three points.
On average, however, the polls showed only a 0.2 percentage point gain for Mr. Romney — not a meaningful shift in either a statistical or a practical sense.
And yet this simple version a trendline analysis does not tell the whole story either. Mr. Romney had appeared to lose further ground in the polls following the public release of his “47 percent” comments.
All polls that are used for comparison were released after the Democratic convention, but some predated the “47 percent” tape. It's good for Mr. Romney that his national numbers on Monday looked more like those from just after the Democratic convention, when they weren't great, rather than those from the past week or two, when they were worse.
The FiveThirtyEight forecast model can account for these various contingencies, looking at exactly when the prior editions of a survey were released in order to calculate the consensus trendline. Viewed in this way, the national polls on Monday did contain modestly good news for Mr. Romney.
But that doesn't tell the whole story either, because there has also been a large volume of state polls released over the past day or two. Those polls can also be informative about the trend in the race. And in the state polls, it's been harder to find evidence for a favorable trend for Mr. Romney.
If anything, the opposite seems to be true. This was particularly the case in a University of New Hampshire survey published on Monday, which had Mr. Obama leading by 15 points in the Granite State — up from just a five-point lead in a poll taken just after the Democratic convention.
The University of New Hampshire poll has a history of being fairly volatile, perhaps in part because voters in New Hampshire can be fickle with their political opinions. The poll certainly qualifies as an outlier relative to the consensus evidence in New Hampshire. At the same time, it's not the kind of thing you'd expect to see if Mr. Romney were gaining ground in the race.
Mr. Obama, not Mr. Romney, has also gotten highly favorable trendlines in a recent set of state-by-state polls released by the firm We Ask America, many of which show him with a considerably larger lead than he had before the conventions in those same states.
The gap between state polls and national polls, which looked to have narrowed some last week, seems to be widening again.
Perhaps appropriately given the mixed evidence on Monday, the FiveThirtyEight models produced something of a split verdict.
Mr. Obama came off his highs in our “now-cast,” which projects what would happen if the election were held today. That version of the model had previously given Mr. Obama a 5.9 percentage lead in the national race, but it declined to 5.5 percentage points on Monday.
Why are these “now-cast” numbers higher than the most recent national polls seem to suggest? In part because of the factor that I mentioned before — the “now-cast” uses state polls along with national polls to calculate its estimate of the national popular vote, and the state polls are a bit stronger for Mr. Obama. Also, last week's national polls, which were more in the range of a five- or six-point lead for Mr. Obama, still have some influence upon it.
The Nov. 6 forecast, however, our signature product, is already assuming that Mr. Obama's numbers will decline some, in large part, because it continues to weigh economic factors along with the polls. Those economic factors, in view of the formula, are more in line with only a very narrow win for Mr. Obama, on the order of two or three percentage points, similar to the margin by which George W. Bush defeated John Kerry in 2004.
As we get closer and closer to the election, these economic factors will receive less weight, until they phase out completely by Election Day. But they continue to exert some influence on the forecast for the time being.
In the Nov. 6 forecast, Mr. Obama's projected margin of victory in the popular vote declined to 4.1 percentage points from 4.2. However, his probability of winning the Electoral College increased by a trivial amount, to 85.7 percent from 85.1.
This is an awfully messy story, but our job is to relay the story that the data tells, as interpreted through the lens of our models. Sometimes that story just isn't a clear one.
But let me leave you with two themes that are at least reasonably well in line with the consensus of the evidence.
First, although it's unclear whether Mr. Obama's polls have already begun to decline, it's more likely than not that they will tighten some between now and the election. The Nov. 6 forecast prices in some tightening while the “now-cast” does not, so sometimes they'll have a different take on the polls.
Second, you should continue to watch the divergence between state polls and national polls.
As of Monday's forecast, Mr. Obama was projected to win 22 states totaling 275 electoral votes by a margin of at least 4.7 percentage points — larger than his 4.1 percentage point projection in the national popular vote.
That speaks to a potential Electoral College advantage for him. But it's important to watch the states that are just on the brink of this threshold, like Nevada and Ohio, or those where the polling has been varied, like New Hampshire.
Without Nevada, for instance, but with the other 21 states, Mr. Obama would be projected to a 269-269 in the Electoral College — which he would probably lose in the House of Representatives.
Jiri Fischer was at home in suburban Detroit with his 7-year-old son Monday night, catching up on all the NHL action and scores.
"Then the big news hit. I watched the video right away," Fischer told ESPN.com on Tuesday in the aftermath of Rich Peverley's scary collapse and cardiac resuscitation.
Impossible to ignore were the flashbacks to his own near-tragic cardiac episode in 2005 while playing for the Detroit Red Wings.
"The two videos are similar, except I'm getting chest compressions while being unconscious on the bench and they carried Rich into the locker room," said Fischer, before adding about watching Monday's video: "Scary, goose bumps ..."
Fischer, in his seventh year as director of player development for the Red Wings, reached out to Stars GM Jim Nill on Tuesday morning. Nill was an assistant GM with the Red Wings when Fischer had his own scare. The message to Nill was that Fischer was there for Peverley if Peverley wanted to talk at some point, that he was there to offer guidance.
"That's what I offered to Jim this morning," said Fischer. "Now it's up to Rich. I know when something like this happens, I didn't want to talk to anybody at first. I wanted to shut down for a little bit.
"That first day is tough, lots of emotions going through you: 'How does this affect my life? Can I go back to playing?' It's a sheer panic. It's not easy to deal with."
Yet out of Fischer's traumatic experience in 2005 came much good, the NHL improving its protocol to deal with such events.
"I think my incident was a big eye-opener in terms of the limitations in the resuscitation protocol and what should be implemented in all the arenas, from the local rink to the biggest light there is -- the NHL," said Fischer. "My cardiac arrest wasn't the first one, but it was certainly the first live one [on TV] in hockey, and that attracted a lot of attention. So the whole protocol has changed since then. [Wings doctor] Tony Colucci, who saved my life along with the rest of our medical staff, he was really pushing every meeting that they had with NHL doctors, they talked about the accessibility of an ambulance, they talked about how doctors need to be close, they talked about how a defibrillator needs to be part of the standard equipment for every locker room in every rink, they talked about how the whole protocol of resuscitation should go before somebody gets into the hospital. That's not just for the players but for anybody in the stands.
"Unfortunately, I volunteered for that," Fischer said, chuckling, "but a lot of good things came out of it."
That protocol was evident Monday night in Dallas, with Peverley being attended to in quick fashion, including the use of the nearby defibrillator.
"It was very impressive. I watched it again on TV this morning," said Fischer. "I'm impressed how well the staff did, how well everybody responded. They saved his life."
Jiri Fischer's promising career was cut short after his collapse. Elsa/Getty Images
That look of shock and dismay on everyone's face in Dallas, from players to fans, Fischer has seen that look before too. To this day, he still has Red Wings fans walk right up to him to talk about it.
"The impact on everybody in the arena, I'm not kidding, in the past eight and a half years, there must have been 1,000 people -- and that's no exaggeration -- that came up to me to say, 'I watched the game. You made me think about life,' or 'I was at the game, and I'll never forget it,'" said Fischer.
There's also the impact on the people close to you.
"It's a whole different ballgame when it comes to how it affects the people in your life," said Fischer, who also has a 12-year-old son. "My fiancée, who then became my wife, she's my ex-wife now, she never got over my cardiac arrest. I believe I did. But when people love us, meaning survivors, it's different sometimes.
"My dad woke up in the middle of the night in the Czech Republic to watch my game on the Internet. He found out that I died and was brought back to life. He was my biggest fan, watched every game."
Fischer said the Red Wings flew his parents to Detroit ("The organization was unbelievable") and that he'll never forget the look on his parents' face.
"When I saw my parents look at me for the first time after my cardiac arrest, it was a different look," he said. "They had never looked at me like that before. It was a look of complete panic, complete hopelessness, but also very thankful that I survived."
There is raw emotion in Fisher's voice, even today. Peverley's scary incident Monday night clearly has rekindled some of that.
"I really hope that Rich is going to be OK and he's going to be OK to resume life without any medical consequences," said Fischer. "Hopefully, Rich will be OK and will be able to carry on with his life."
Image caption Last week, there were protests in central Hubei province
Police in southern China say they have arrested 25 people after clashes between residents and security forces near the city of Guangzhou.
A crowd threw bottles and bricks at police after a dispute between two street vendors and local security.
Riot police are also patrolling the city of Lichuan in central China after crowds attacked government offices.
Protests and clashes with police are common in China over corruption and land seizures by local officials.
In the Guangzhou incident, reports said people in the town of Xintang blocked traffic and damaged vehicles as the dispute between police and two street vendors, a migrant couple, escalated.
Police later seized control of the area, which is in southern China's manufacturing heartland and is home to migrants working in a number of textile factories.
'Unnatural death'
The arrests follow a separate incident further north, in Lichuan city in Hubei province, where hundreds of people laid siege to local government offices following the death in custody of a respected local official.
The official, Ran Jinxian, had been arrested for allegedly taking bribes linked to land seizures and forced demolitions of people's homes.
Mr Ran, 49, was arrested on 26 May and died on 4 June. His family said he was beaten to death during interrogation.
"Ran's cousin said he found signs of wounds and bruises on Ran's body at the hospital and believed that they were signs of an 'unnatural death'," state-run Xinhua news agency said.
Residents of Lichuan said Mr Ran was arrested because he refused to co-operate with his superiors in a campaign of land requisitions.
Several officials have been detained or are under investigation over Mr Ran's death.
There is widespread anger in China over corruption and the practice of seizing land and clearing out the residents to develop it for a profit.
On Thursday, a NASA spacecraft will launch on a seven-year round-trip journey to an asteroid with one simple mission: scoop up pieces of the space rock and bring them back to Earth. It's the space agency's OSIRIS-REx mission, and if it's successful, the spacecraft will collect the largest sample ever from a near-Earth asteroid. And those asteroid pieces could tell us a great deal about how the Solar System came to be and possibly how life got started on our planet.
Asteroids are thought to be tiny snapshots of the early Solar System
Asteroids are thought to be tiny snapshots of the early Solar System. Researchers believe these objects have remained relatively untouched for billions of years, so tapping into one could tell us what the original chemical makeup of the Solar System looked like. There's also speculation that asteroids may contain the so-called building blocks for life — water, organic molecules, and amino acids. Analyzing an asteroid could then tell us if these space rocks are responsible for bringing life's precursors to Earth.
"This really is what drives our program," Dante Lauretta, principal investigator of the OSIRIS-REx mission, said in a NASA pre-launch briefing. "We're going to [an asteroid] because it's a time capsule from the earliest stages of Solar System formation."
It will be some time before we have some answers, though. OSIRIS-REx won't get a sample from an asteroid for another four years, and the spacecraft won't return to Earth until 2023. But when the spacecraft does come back, scientists will have a tiny piece of our galactic neighborhood from 4.5 billion years ago.
The target
OSIRIS-REx's target is Bennu, a near-Earth asteroid that occasionally enters our planet's neighborhood. Every six years, Bennu's and Earth's orbits match up, and the asteroid swings within about 200,000 miles of our planet. Bennu caused a bit of a stir a few years ago when astronomers thought there was a decent chance it might smash into Earth in the next century. More recent projections, however, show the chances are actually slim, but that doesn't mean it won't happen.
A 3D model of what Bennu looks like. (NASA)
However concerning, Bennu has many characteristics that make it alluring for scientists. For one, Bennu is in the right location. NASA wanted an asteroid on an Earth-like orbit that's somewhat close to our planet. Bennu's size also makes it ideal for getting a good sample. Asteroids that are smaller than about 650 feet across (or 200 meters) tend to spin pretty fast, and this can cause any loose material to fly off their surfaces. With a diameter of about 1,600 feet (492 meters), Bennu is large enough so that its spin is under control and probably isn't flinging rocks everywhere.
But most of all, Bennu is made up of the right stuff: carbon. Astronomers believe that carbon-rich asteroids are the most primitive and have remained relatively unchanged since the beginning of the Solar System — unlike most of the planets and moons, which have undergone a lot of change and geological activity since they first formed 4.5 billion years ago. That means whatever chemicals are on Bennu were probably around when the Solar System was in its infancy.
Researchers believe that life's building blocks may have been brought to Earth by asteroids
And that could provide clues about the origins of life here on Earth. Researchers believe that life's building blocks may have been brought to Earth by asteroids slamming into the planet's surface. That's because many of the meteorites that have fallen to our planet contain organic molecules and water. But it's hard to be absolutely certain about the chemical makeup of meteorites once they reach our surface, since they usually mingle with chemicals on Earth. "A lot of our analyses are confused by the fact that meteorites are very quickly contaminated," Lauretta said at a press briefing.
That's why NASA is so interested in studying a relatively untouched asteroid sample in the clean laboratories here on Earth. If OSIRIS-REx finds these ingredients on Bennu, it may help strengthen the idea that the components needed for Earth's life rode in on an asteroid billions years ago.
Round trip to Bennu
OSIRIS-REx is hitching a ride to Bennu on an Atlas V rocket — the premiere vehicle of the United Launch Alliance. The rocket is scheduled to take off on Thursday at 7:05PM ET, helping to put OSIRIS-REx in an orbit around the Sun. So far, weather looks good for the launch, but the mission team has the option to launch once a day for the next month if necessary.
Once OSIRIS-REx is in space, it'll be a bit of a waiting game
Once OSIRIS-REx is in space, it'll be a bit of a waiting game. The spacecraft will cruise around the Sun for a year and then pass by Earth again to get a little boost from the planet's gravity. This flyby will help change the spacecraft's plane of orbit, putting it on the same plane as Bennu. Once OSIRIS-REx reaches the asteroid by August 2018, it won't pick up its samples right away. It will spend a year surveying the space rock to find the best place to scoop some material. "We'll make the decision based on which site is safe for the spacecraft, which site has abundant material to sample, and if we're lucky enough ... which one is scientifically most interesting," Ed Beshore, deputy principal investigator of the OSIRIS-REx, tells The Verge.
An artistic rendering of the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft over Bennu. (NASA)
While NASA decides on a spot, OSIRIS-REx will be working on a secondary, important goal: understanding how the Sun affects Bennu's orbit. When an asteroid travels through space, it's constantly bombarded by the Sun's photons — tiny particles of light and electromagnetic radiation. These photons are often absorbed by the asteroid, causing it to heat up. The asteroid eventually reradiates that heat out into space, a process that creates a small amount of thrust and slightly throws the space rock off its orbit. It's a phenomenon known as the Yarkovsky effect, and it's made predicting the long-term orbits of asteroids difficult for astronomers.
When OSIRIS-REx is at Bennu, it will be studying the orbit of the asteroid very closely
So when OSIRIS-REx is at Bennu, it will be studying the orbit of the asteroid very closely, allowing researchers to see the Yarkovsky effect in action. "It's kind of a long-term investigation of very slowly watching how much solar radiation the asteroid receives and how it perturbs the orbit of the asteroid over that time," says Beshore. That could help astronomers better predict the orbits of asteroids — especially those with the potential for crashing into our planet.
How the OSIRIS-REx collection head will quickly grab a sample from Bennu. (NASA)
Then in July 2020, it'll be time to grab a sample from Bennu — and it will only take five seconds. Rather than land on the asteroid, OSIRIS-REx will slowly approach Bennu and tap its surface — a maneuver NASA calls TAG, for Touch-And-Go. The spacecraft will extend a tiny robotic arm with a specialized collection head at the end. Right as the arm touches the asteroid's surface, a bottle of nitrogen gas will fire, causing any loose material to shoot up into the collection head. The OSIRIS-REx mission team hopes to grab at least 0.13 pounds (60 grams) of material this way. If successful, that will be the largest sample of space material to return to Earth since the Apollo era. (Just in case the first attempt fails, NASA can do up to three TAG attempts.)
The spacecraft has to leave Bennu around March 2021 to make it back to Earth by September 2023. Once it returns, the spacecraft's sample container will detach from the rest of OSIRIS-REx and land gently in the Utah desert thanks to a parachute. Then begins the process of scrutinizing Bennu's leftovers, to see what they can tell us about the Solar System's formation and the origins of life. "There's nothing most geochemists would like than to be able to know exactly what the chemical constitution of the early Solar System was like," says Beshore.
Info Constraining world trade is unlikely to help the climate 09/23/2012 - From rubber dinghies to television sets: the emissions of greenhouse gases in countries like China are to a significant extent caused by the production of goods that are exported to Germany or the United States. But this doesn´t necessarily mean that Western countries have relocated their emission-intensive industries and hence escape regulation for climate protection. This is shown in a study appearing in Nature Climate Change this week. Instead, researchers were able to pin down a number of factors explaining the pronounced imbalances between emission importers and exporters, the US current account deficit being one of them. Their conclusion: interventions in world trade, like CO2 tariffs, would probably have only a small impact on global emissions. The authors analyzed emissions transfers between regions. (Foto: Thinkstock) Steadily growing world trade leads – as earlier research has shown – to a substantial transfer of CO 2 from one country to another. The traded goods effectively contain the greenhouse gas, as it originates from the energy used during their production. “Typically, in the West we import goods whose production causes a lot of greenhouse gas emissions in poorer countries – and it is a contested question to which countries these emissions should be attributed,” explains Michael Jakob from the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research (PIK), one of the authors. This is a delicate issue, because many Western countries have ambitious targets for emissions reductions. Simply transferring emission-intensive industries to third countries in order to achieve these goals would not serve climate protection – and might even damage the economy.
Almost half of the CO 2 transfers into the US are caused by the American trade deficit
“For the first time, we have now broken down the known emission transfers into their components,” Jakob says. The economic analysis is based on an evaluation of estimates that were determined by other researchers in earlier studies. “We can show that of the CO 2 flowing into the US in form of imported goods, almost 50 per cent are due to the American trade deficit alone,” Jakob explains. The US emits less CO 2 in the production of its exports than is contained in its imports, simply because it imports more than it exports. “And only about 20 per cent of CO 2 transfers from China into the US can be traced back to the fact that China is in effect relatively more specialized in the production of dirty goods,” Jakob says. But this is the only driver of emission transfers on which the currently controversially discussed climate tariffs could take effect.
Without world trade, the emission of greenhouse gases in countries like China could potentially be even higher than today, according to the study. Western countries often export goods like machines that need a lot of energy in the production process. Usually, this energy stems from comparatively clean production processes. On the other hand, China produces a lot of export goods like toys, whose production needs relatively little energy, but stems from emission-intensive coal power plants. If China with its fossil energy mix had to produce more energy-intensive goods itself instead of importing them, emissions would increase. “In the end, interventions in world trade could do more harm than good,” says co-author Robert Marschinski from PIK and Technische Universität Berlin.
"The crucial question is how clean or how dirty national energy production is in each case"
“Crucial for CO 2 transfers is not only world trade, but also the question of how clean or dirty national energy production is in each case,” Marschinski emphasizes. To look only at CO 2 transfers could be misleading. If for instance the European Union were to adopt new low emission production methods, its net imports of CO 2 could increase even though there is no relocation of production.
“To really justify trade-policy interventions like the much discussed CO 2 tariffs, further analysis would be needed – the observed CO 2 transfers alone are not enough as a basis,” Marschinski explains. “Such measures cannot replace what it really takes: more international cooperation.” Binding global climate targets could give incentives for investors to promote low-emission technologies. Innovations in efficiency could get financial support, and regional emission trading systems could be linked with each other, Marschinski says. “All this could help to achieve climate protection targets in an economically reasonable way.”
Article: Jakob, M., Marschinski, R. (2012): Interpreting trade-related CO 2 emission transfers. Nature Climate Change [DOI: 10.1038/nclimate1630] (Advance Online Publication)
Weblink to article: http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nclimate1630
Document Actions Print this Page
RSS Would you like to receive our press releases by e-mail?
Subscribe to the free PIK Press Release List
History
was a lost 1979 record by recording artist D.A., which appeared on several charts. The single was supposedly made by Rascal Records, but the radio show Crap From The Past debunked this, saying that Rascal was "Somebody's Dogs Name."
"Ready 'N' Steady" first landed on Billboard's Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart at number 106. In the next issue, it climbed higher to 103, before reaching a peak listing at number 102 the issue after that. The single's time on the chart was short, and the limelight was a brief three weeks for the single. The song has never been listed since, and many rumors and doubts as to its existence have circulated, with music historian Joel Whitburn, having collected 45s of every song to hit the charts except for this one, has tried searching desperately for proof of its existence in 1995.[1]
The song was officially located in 2016 and played on the Crap From The Past radio show and was uploaded to YouTube by the user Lost Media Hunter.[2]
NASA's monster rocket will evolve into an even larger vehicle early in her lifetime, as the Block 1 rocket grows into the workhorse known as the Block 1B. With a large increase in capability – and height – the Block 1B will require a revamp of numerous elements of the KSC ground systems, ranging from major changes to the new Mobile Launcher, through to need for a new LH2 storage sphere at the pad.
SLS Evolution:
The Block 1 SLS is a 70mT capable rocket that will provide up to two test flights with the Orion capsule. Exploration Mission -1 (EM-1) is currently aiming to launch in late 2018, before standing down for several years until the proposed repeat mission, EM-2, this time with a crew.
The plan is still being worked on, not least due to the political uncertainty in NASA's roadmap during the upcoming change of President.
What is certain in the Block 1 will have a short career, as NASA pushes to bring the more capable Block 1B online – rated as capable of 105mT to LEO. The rocket's main boost comes from the Exploration Upper Stage (EUS).
The initial plan was to switch to this new upper stage after the crewed EM-2 mission. However, as previously reported by this site, NASA wishes to advance this plan.
The debut of SLS will sport a Delta Cryogenic Second Stage (DCSS), renamed the Interim Cryogenic Propulsion System (ICPS).
As noted in numerous meetings – not least by NASA's Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel (ASAP) – it would cost around $150m to “human rate” this upper stage ahead of EM-2, a cost that would be associated with just the single use of the stage ahead of moving to the EUS.
The switch to EUS after the first test flight of SLS – and in turn utilizing the gap between the first two SLS missions – would allow for the rocket to enter its workhorse configuration that will be capable of a full mission range envisioned throughout the 2020s.
The official scenario of two Block 1 flights, followed by a change to Block 1B, threatens large gaps between the first three missions. This relates not least to the ground-related changes required between the transition.
Internally, NASA teams are working on the premise that SLS will only launch once in the Block 1 configuration, providing a major test of the rocket and Orion spacecraft during an excursion past the Moon and back.
The most recent documentation also cites the requirements of preparing for Block 1B during the gap after the launch of EM-1. “Modifications are significant and pose a significant challenge to meet EM-2 schedules. between EM-1 (H/W availability) and EM-2 need date,” cited one document relating to major changes to the Mobile Launcher.
The ML – which continues to be revamped following its change of call signs to that of launching the since-cancelled Ares I to SLS – will require major modification ahead of hosting the Block 1B SLS.
Studies show this to be an effort that will require at least 19 months of work to modify the ML to host the taller rocket. Some engineers involved with the KSC ground systems believe it could take three years, costing around $150 million.
Per the requirements, everything above the Core Stage Forward Skirt Umbilical (CSFSU) – such as the Crew Access Arm – will be changed to cater for the EUS, which is about 35 feet taller than the ICPS.
While the ICPS umbilical arm will become obsolete, it will be replaced by a hydrogen vent arm, a LOX umbilical arm and a LH2 umbilical arm for the EUS.
All the cryo skids will have to be redesigned, while the cryo lines on the ML Tower will also change in both length and diameter, to support the higher propellant flow rates required for filling the EUS – over five times that compared to the ICPS.
Two new hydraulic control systems will have to be built to support the two additional umbilical arms, which is a concern, due to the amount of remaining space to host them on the Tower.
However, NASA is already laying the groundwork, sending out solicitations for engineering companies to provide overviews ahead of contract awards.
The latest solicitation was sent out this week, noted “This acquisition is for Architect-Engineer (A-E) Services for the Design and Other Professional Services necessary to Modify and Develop Structural, Mechanical, and Electrical Systems to renovate the Mobile Launcher (ML) at the Kennedy Space Center (KSC), Florida.”
Associated with the request was additional information on the modification requirements, cited as “Significant modifications required to GSE (Ground Support Equipment) systems on the ML to support EM-2/EUS configuration,” again notably showing NASA is working on the premise EM-2 will be launched via the Block 1B SLS.
“All systems above the 220 ft level will require significant installation redesign. Pneumatic system mods and additions. ML has run out of real estate in the base on the tower for new GSE. Moving GSE will drive significant structural changes not accounted for in the study. 100s of long run and short run cables impacted,” added just some of the changes in the overview.
“Major redesign of AC power, lighting, elevator, fire alarm, fire protections, potable/septic water. New electrical room required on the 325 ft level. Significant cable plant demo and rework required.”
The amount of changes did raise the question of why NASA isn't simply building another ML. However, that would cost even more – several hundred million dollars more – and leave the current ML without a role.
Ironically, having only the one ML is a key reason NASA is unable to increase the launch rate to a level it would prefer of SLS during the Mars missions in the 2030s. SLS will only be able to launch “no more than” three times in any one year.
Additional challenges related to the modification is the mass of the ML, which will be vastly increased not just by the larger rocket, but also via the structural changes to the ML.
“ML reinforcement structurally is feasible, but implementation will be problematic. Adds approx. 530,000 lbs of steel to ML,” added the overview, which continued to list the challenges.
“Tower Impacts. 8 levels will require diagonal modifications. 10 levels will require column modifications. 2 levels will require significant rework to add electrical rooms. Crew level will need to be relocated. Umbilical Arm mounting will require major structural mods. ML Base Impacts. Significant Girder reinforcement required. Truss reinforcement. Significant demo required to complete.”
The pad infrastructure will also require changes, including a new giant sphere to contain additional Liquid Hydrogen to feed the thirsty Block 1B.
The lifeblood of the Space Launch System (SLS) will be Liquid Oxygen (LOX) and Liquid Hydrogen (LH2) – combined at a ratio of about 6:1 to feed the four RS-25 main engines.
For it to remain in a full liquid state, it needs to be cryogenically cooled. The main consideration is the use of the existing storage facility for the LH2 at Pad 39B.
While the pad is undergoing large-scale changes ahead of hosting the Heavy Lift Launch Vehicle (HLV), the current LH2 storage facility is a remnant of the Shuttle era, until it is replaced ahead of the first flight of the Block 1B.
“The Launch Pad Element Integration Team (EIT) held a kick-off meeting this week for the design of the Launch Complex 39-B Liquid Hydrogen (LH2) upgrades,” noted L2 information this week.
“This year-long design effort will lead to the construction of a new 1.4 million gallon liquid hydrogen sphere to support Space Launch System (SLS) Block 1B launches using the Exploration Upper Stage (EUS).”
LH2 storage capacity includes scrub turnaround considerations, which is already going to be a problem for EM-1. Should SLS' first launch suffer from an abort late in the countdown process – with the on-board LH2 drained back to the LH2 storage tank – the tank will be 330,000 gallons short of being able to support another launch attempt within the required 24 to 48 turnaround windows.
To mitigate this issue, the first option involves a convoy of 28 to 30 trailers staged to support the immediate replenishment of the storage tank. During the Shuttle era, these trailers arrived in convoys of road tankers from Louisiana.
The second involves 10 to 12 trailers, offloading their contents at Pad 39B, before being routed approximately five miles to Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 37B to be filled from that pad's LH2 storage tank, before being routed back to LC-39B for offload.
The new tank will be able to cope with Block 1B's LH2 storage and scrub turnarounds. However, another new tank will be required for the Block 2 SLS.
Interestingly, as SLS evolves into the Block 2 variant, yet more LH2 storage will be required.
“The largest LH2 demand will be the SLS Block 2 configuration estimated to require up to 3 million gallons of LH2 storage tank capacity,” added additional documentation.
While SLS' evolution is sensibly aligned to NASA's proposed roadmap to Mars, it comes with its own set of challenges.
(Images: NASA and L2 which includes, presentations, videos, graphics and internal – interactive with actual SLS engineers – updates on the SLS and HLV, available on no other site. ML photo via Marek Cyzio. Europa mission renders by L2 Artist Nathan Koga. The full gallery of Nathan's (SpaceX Dragon to MCT, SLS, Commercial Crew and more) L2 images can be *found here*))
(L2 is – as it has been for the past several years – providing full exclusive SLS and Exploration Planning coverage. To join L2, click here: http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/l2/)
Spoiler: Large Images 1 (click to show/hide)
"Guardian"
"Undergate"
"Destroy All Zombies"
"Beware Its Deadly Breath!"
"Portal"
"The Dwarf Queen"
"Hunter's Moon"
"Seems Willing to Trade"
"Forging"
"Goblin Charge"
"Low Tech Warrior"
"Guardian""Undergate""Destroy All Zombies""Beware Its Deadly Breath!""Portal""The Dwarf Queen""Hunter's Moon""Seems Willing to Trade""Forging""Goblin Charge""Low Tech Warrior"
Spoiler: Small Images (click to show/hide)
"The Ubiquity of Nets"
"Gearedflowers the Leaping Darts of Truth"
"The Dispersed Amazement"
"Foul Blendec"
"Creeping Eye"
"Chinchilla Woman"
"Flesh Ball"
"Amethyst Man"
"Cave Fish Man"
"Voracious Cave Crawler"
"Hungry Head"
"The Ubiquity of Nets""Gearedflowers the Leaping Darts of Truth""The Dispersed Amazement""Foul Blendec""Creeping Eye""Chinchilla Woman""Flesh Ball""Amethyst Man""Cave Fish Man""Voracious Cave Crawler""Hungry Head"
Hi, I hope this is appropriate to post here, I'm more a lurker than anything...Some background; I'm a fine art postgrad student, mostly working in digital print. A few months back, I felt the need to start a little side project radically different to the stuff I normally do; something that would remind me of the reasons I started drawing as a kid. I wanted to do something that was rough and ready, with physical media. I was stumped for a subject, when it came to me in a flash. My favourite game, of course! I bought myself a sketchbook, and decided that I would fill it with Dwarf Fortress drawings. I decided to keep things loose and play with a lot of different styles, and I had a great deal of fun letting my imagination run inventing things; it was also nice to do something that was very different to the 'normal' sort of DF art, which tends to be digital; especially as the graphics tablet is normally one of my most important tools. I wanted to create something of an old-school pen and paper RPG rulebook feel, with a modern twist. Some pictures were more successful than others.Anyway, enough waffle, here are the pictures.
Glenn Greenwald writes today in the Guardian:
If one asks current or former WikiLeaks associates what their greatest fear is, almost none cites prosecution by their own country. Most trust their own nation's justice system to recognize that they have committed no crime. The primary fear is being turned over to the US. That is the crucial context for understanding Julian Assange's 16-month fight to avoid extradition to Sweden, a fight that led him to seek asylum, Tuesday, in the London Embassy of Ecuador. The evidence that the US seeks to prosecute and extradite Assange is substantial. There is no question that the Obama justice department has convened an active grand jury to investigate whether WikiLeaks violated the draconian Espionage Act of 1917. Key senators from President Obama's party, including Senate intelligence committee chairwoman Dianne Feinstein, have publicly called for his prosecution under that statute. A leaked email from the security firm Stratfor - hardly a dispositive source, but still probative - indicated that a sealed indictment has already been obtained against him. Prominent American figures in both parties have demanded Assange's lifelong imprisonment, called him a terrorist, and even advocated his assassination.
Assange's fear of ending up in the clutches of the US is plainly rational and well-grounded. One need only look at the treatment over the last decade of foreign nationals accused of harming American national security to know that's true; such individuals are still routinely imprisoned for lengthy periods without any charges or due process. Or consider the treatment of Bradley Manning, accused of leaking to WikiLeaks: a formal UN investigation found that his pre-trial conditions of severe solitary confinement were 'cruel, inhuman and degrading', and he now faces capital charges of aiding al-Qaida.
As Greenwald notes WikiLeaks has made a tremendous contribution to exposing U.S. foreign policy to public scrutiny. The importance of transparency and public information to reforming U.S. foreign policy cannot be overstated. Recently, I worked with the offices of Rep. Dennis Kucinich and Rep. John Conyers to support a letter signed by 26 Members of Congress to President Obama pressing the Administration to disclose more information about its drone strike policy, particularly concerning civilian casualties and so-called "signature strikes" that target unknown people based on (often faulty) intelligence of suspicious activity. Polls have suggested that the drone strike policy is popular in the U.S. (while very unpopular outside the U.S.), but the popularity in the U.S. stems from ignorance: the American people don't know what they are supporting, because the reality of the policy has been hidden from public scrutiny. That's why it's so important to press the U.S. government to disclose more information about the drone strike policy.
Therefore - in addition to our concern for Assange's individual human rights - people who are working to reform U.S. foreign policy have a big stake in what happens in the Julian Assange/WikiLeaks case. If the U.S. government succeeds in intimidating whistleblowers, it will be harder to reveal information about U.S. foreign policy in the future, and therefore it will be harder to reform U.S. foreign policy in the future. That's why it's so important for President Correa - who has legitimate reason to be concerned about possible retaliation from the United States - to hear from Americans urging that he grant Julian Assange's request for political asylum.
I once had the opportunity to meet President Correa. We share an alma mater - the University of Illinois, where Correa, like me, was a graduate student in Economics. Like me, President Correa was a member of the Graduate Employees Organization, the union of teaching assistants at the University of Illinois. I know that President Correa believes in the Illinois values of free inquiry and fair play. I'm confident that if President Correa hears from Americans who value free inquiry and fair play, he's going to do the right thing.
Robert Naiman is Policy Director at Just Foreign Policy.
A federal court Tuesday rejected a request for rehearing over Florida's law prohibiting health care workers from asking about their patient's firearms, lifting a long-standing injunction.
A Miami U.S. District Court in what became known popularly as the “Docs vs. Glocks” case blocked the Firearm Owners' Privacy Act, signed into law by Gov. Rick Scott (R) after passage by the state legislature in 2011.
This sent the case to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit in Atlanta, which last July handed down a 2-1 ruling reversing the lower court after finding, “the Act is a valid regulation of professional conduct that has only incidental effect on physicians' speech.”
Not satisfied with the decision, a group of physician lobby organizations represented by the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence asked for en banc review by the full Circuit of the panel's finding.
The court on Tuesday told the plaintiffs in the case of Wollschlaeger v. Governor of the State of Florida, no, and rejected the review in a 152-page ruling.
The court pointed out that Florida's law does not absolutely prohibit doctors from speaking about firearms – for instance, it allows health care workers to ask questions if they feel they are directly relevant to the patient's medical care or safety. Anything else, the panel reiterated in the same 2-1 decision they held last year, was improper.
“[T]he Act codifies the commonsense conclusion that good medical care does not require inquiry or record-keeping regarding firearms when unnecessary to a patient's care – especially not when that inquiry or record-keeping constitutes such a substantial intrusion upon patient privacy,” wrote Circuit Judge Gerald Tjoflat, for the majority.
Tjoflat is the longest serving federal appeals court judge still in active service, nominated by President Gerald Ford in 1975.
District Judge L. Scott Coogler, a President George W. Bush appointee, joined in the majority position while Circuit Judge Charles Wilson, a 1999 President Bill Clinton appointment, disagreed, calling the law an unconstitutional prohibition on free speech.
In a strong 74-page dissent, Wilson argued that the Florida law was not, as argued, about civil rights but about politics. He argued health care workers should be able to ask patients questions about their guns, and attempts to talk them out of firearm possession is free speech protected by the First Amendment.
“This law is not designed to protect Second Amendment rights because doctors have no authority – and have not used their private positions of power – to compel firearms owners to relinquish their weapons,” Wilson wrote. “This law is instead designed to stop a perceived political agenda, and it is difficult to conceive of any law designed for that purpose that could withstand First Amendment scrutiny.”
Gun rights advocates in Florida welcomed the news that the law enacted four years ago will finally be allowed to take effect.
“This decision is a big win for families who are tired of anti-gun politics in a doctors examining room,” Marion Hammer, president of the Unified Sportsmen of Florida and past president of the National Rifle Association, told Guns.com Tuesday. “We have said all along that this is not about the First Amendment, it's about doctors providing medical care and not intruding in the privacy rights of gun owners.”
Hammer argues that guns are not a health care issue.
“We take our children to pediatricians for medical care, not moral judgment, or privacy intrusions – we go to address medical needs, not to be interrogated about gun ownership. The legislation is about helping families who are complaining about being questioned about gun ownership and the growing anti-gun political agenda being carried out in examination rooms by doctors and medical staffs,” Hammer said.
Guns.com reached out to the Brady Center for comment on possible further appeal to the Supreme Court, but did not receive a statement by time for publication.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R) declared himself to be a fan of controversial social scientist Charles Murray's books at a forum Thursday in Washington.
Bush lauded Murray's books on two separate occasions during an interview with National Review editor Rich Lowry, at a forum sponsored by the conservative magazine.
Lowry asked Bush, “… is there any policy or anything public officials can do to help turn back what has been a rising tide of family breakdown crossing decades now?”
“Absolutely, there is,” Bush, a likely 2016 Republican presidential candidate, said. “It's not exactly the core. My views on this were shaped a lot on this by Charles Murray's book, except I was reading the book and I was waiting for the last chapter with the really cool solutions — didn't quite get there.”
Later in the interview, Lowry asked Bush what he likes to read. Again, he cited Murray.
“I like Charles Murray books to be honest with you, which means I'm a total nerd I guess,” Bush said.
Bush didn't say which of Murray's books he was referring to. His political team did not immediately respond to TPM.
Murray is the author of the highly influential 1984 book Losing Ground: American Social Policy, 1950-1980 which argued that social welfare programs of the 1960s and 1970s actually hurt the poor rather than helped. It was and remains a seminal work in the conservative policy canon.
Ten years later Murray authored the highly controversial The Bell Curve, which he co-authored with Richard Herrnstein. Critics denounced it as racist, saying it essentially argued that African-Americans aren't as intelligent as white Americans because of genetic differences. In 1994 Bob Herbert, then a columnist at The New York Times, described the book as a “scabrous piece of racial pornography masquerading as serious scholarship.”
Watch Bush below:
A Wisconsin robbery and auto theft suspect was captured by police thanks to a borrowed drone on May 31, according to court papers filed yesterday in Middleton, Wisconsin. The Wisconsin State Journal reports that Marquis Phiffer, 21, stole a car and robbed a convenience store in Middleton, Wisconsin on May 31.
After allegedly stealing a car that had been left running outside a coffee shop and robbing the store at a BP gas station (he declared he had a gun, but the clerk never saw one), Phiffer was pursued by police. A chase that reached speeds of up to 70mph ended when Phiffer crashed into a parked car. He abandoned the car and ran into a marsh near Tiedemann's Pond, just a few blocks from Middleton's National Mustard Museum.
The Middleton Fire Department lent the police a rubber raft and a camera-equipped DJI Phantom quadrocopter drone used in search and rescue operations to locate Phiffer. He was hiding in the water, and when the police reached him "his shoes were floating away from him," along with a "large wad of cash," Wisconsin State Journal's Ed Trevelen reported. More cash and a hypodermic needle were found in his pocket.
Every year, millions of tons of nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizers wash down the Mississippi River and out into the Gulf of Mexico. There, instead of fertilizing corn, they fertilize the growth of algae, which blooms extravagantly and, in turn, creates a massive boom in microorganisms. There are so many aquatic microorganisms reproducing, eating algae and respiring at once, that they literally use up all the oxygen in the water. Anything else that needs to breathe oxygen — all the other marine life — dies.
It's a tough problem to solve, because there isn't any one fertilizer spigot that we can turn off. The stuff is washing off thousands of fields, up and down the vast Mississippi watershed. A group of scientists and economists detailed the various options in a paper published recently in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Farmers could plant more cover crops, install bioreactors to filter their drainage, or change their land use.
The experts also came up with a number for how much all with would cost: $2.7 billion a year.
Either farmers or taxpayers are going to have to pay that bill. In Iowa, the fight over who ponies up is coming to a head: The Des Moines Water Works is spending so much money to filter nitrates out of the water that it is going to sue the counties upstream for polluting. The chair of the Water Works told the Des Moines Register that he had no choice but to sue:
“This is the only way that we see that we can engage the government, especially the state of Iowa, in a serious discussion about regulating those pollutants that are dumped into our source water.”
The farmers upstream from Des Moines are feeling a lot of pressure to make changes, but there's no reason they should be the only ones targeted while others get a free pass. Either way, everyone will probably end up paying for it. As environmental economist Catherine Kling, from Iowa State, said in a press release:
“There are a number of policies that could be implemented to achieve the reduction in the hypoxic zone. If the policies subsidize conservation practices, then the cost is largely borne by taxpayers. If, on the other hand, the policies require a change in farming practices without compensation, then the cost is initially covered by farmers, but could be passed on through higher food and fuel prices,” Kling said.
Now that we have an estimate of the costs, I'd like to see an estimate of the benefits. What's a thriving shrimp fishery (and all the other fisheries) in the Gulf worth? What health costs are we already paying for a polluted Mississippi? What's the aesthetic and innate value of having a biodiverse ecosystem offshore of New Orleans, instead of one dominated by algae and jellyfish?
$2.7 billion is a lot of money, but I have a feeling it would be worth it.
Vegan and gluten-free Creamy Chili Sauce with Zucchini, Spinach and Pasta. Incredibly creamy and rich, but oil-free! Just whole food ingredients. So much flavor from Italian dried herbs and chili powder and tomato sauce.
CREAMY CHILI SAUCE WITH ZUCCHINI SPINACH AND PASTA
If there was ever a throw-together meal that turned out amazing, this is it!! I'm sharing another sauce and pasta dish today. Sauces are one of my favorite things to create, as if it wasn't obvious by now. My collection is huge. Well, this is so good, creamy, amazing, filling, “restaurant-worthy”, as my hubby said. You all wanted this recipe sooo bad when I shared this quick phone snap of my dinner 2 nights ago.
Regardless of the fact that I'm a blogger, I do not like to measure ingredients. In fact, I'm a throw-together kind of cook, and even baker. A lot of my dinners I just throw together on instinct and taste as I go. However, it is very important to get the right amounts for a recipe to be posted, so the results turn out right for you guys. In that case, I'm very precise in what I post here.
VEGAN CHILI SAUCE
This recipe today, Creamy Chili Sauce with Zucchini, Spinach and Pasta, is infused with a good dose of chili powder (hence the name). I mean, look at all those yummy specks of chili powder in the sauce.
My hubby was so in love with it and said it 100% reminded him of a crawfish fettucini dish that used to be served in a seafood restaurant that he managed many years ago. Obviously, minus the crawfish, just the sauce flavor. I have never had that dish, but all I can tell you is that it is full of flavor, full of creaminess and so darn fast and easy to make…it's a dream recipe really to whip up.
CREAMY VEGAN PASTA SAUCE
It is both dairy-free and oil-free and made with healthy whole food plant-based ingredients. I used homemade cashew milk, my favorite milk in cooking, which is the secret to an incredibly creamy vegan pasta sauce. I love the richness and creaminess it provides. It also has a very subtle sweetness to it, which just makes everything taste better.
I love proving you don't need animal products to make a delicious dish. Vegan substitutes are soooo easy. Instead of dairy cow milk, I love to use cashew milk, coconut milk and even almond milk. My favorite is cashew milk though, homemade, because it is the creamiest.
Other Vegan Pasta Recipes:
NOTE: A couple of readers have stated that their sauce has turned out watery. Please read the recipe carefully. Make sure to measure accurately, which is why I give weight in grams. I make this weekly and it always, always turns out creamy. I have noted very clearly that I used my homemade cashew milk for the recipe. As you can see in the video as I'm cooking each step, exactly how it turns out. If you do NOT use the homemade cashew milk, yours will NOT turn out as creamy. Store-bought cashew milk is loaded with fillers, not actual cashews like homemade, therefore it will NOT THICKEN the same as mine. If you absolutely cannot do the homemade cashew milk, then use full-fat coconut milk.
An Oregon study found that having Medicaid proved particularly important in shielding participants from medically induced financial catastrophe. Photo by John Moore/Getty Images
In 2008, the state of Oregon initiated an ambitious health care policy that allowed researchers to shed light on the effects of guaranteeing Medicaid coverage for low-income adults. The results have been closely followed in large part because insurance for the poor is a major component of the Affordable Care Act—aka Obamacare—that will soon be rolled out across the country.
A study published on Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine reports that—at least as far as health outcomes are concerned—the Oregon Medicaid experiment hasn't lived up to the hopes of many universal care advocates. Two years after getting randomly assigned to Medicaid coverage, recipients fared no better than a control group of uninsured, low-income Oregonians in tests for hypertension, cholesterol, and diabetes treatment—all medical conditions that can be managed with proper care. The Medicaid recipients did report much lower rates of depression and—perhaps relatedly—were much less likely to be on shaky financial footing than those in the control group. But the Oregon study's findings indicate that the claim that universal health care on its own will make Americans healthier, at least in these particular dimensions, may be wishful thinking.
The Oregon Medicaid experiment was initiated in 2008, when the state opened a waiting list for a limited number of new spots in the Oregon Health Plan Standard. OHP Standard provided Medicaid insurance to poor, able-bodied adults who didn't meet the usual conditions for Medicaid. Nearly 90,000 Oregonians applied for the 10,000 slots, and the state picked the lucky Medicaid recipients by lottery. This gave researchers a group of insurance applicants who were identical in every way. If the lottery winners ended up in better health, it wouldn't be because of some pre-existing condition or circumstance: Their insurance status was quite literally the luck of the draw.
The early results from the experiment, based on surveys performed a year following initial Medicaid assignment and released in the summer of 2011, seemed promising. I described them for Slate in an article titled “Does Health Coverage Make People Healthier?” The answer then was a tentative yes: Oregon Medicaid applicants who were randomly assigned to receive insurance reported that they utilized more preventive care, felt in better health, were more stable financially, and overall just a whole lot happier than those who didn't win the insurance lottery. At the time, conservative commentators cautioned that the liberal media—of which I am a proud member—were overhyping the study's implications. The results were promising but far from conclusive; they weren't based on actual health outcomes but instead things like health care usage (trips to the doctor, use of preventive care, and so on) and self-reported health status (“Are you in poor, fair, or excellent health?”) rather than actual health outcomes.
Now that the clinical results have started to come in, it's time for liberal media types like myself to eat some humble pie. Today's New England Journal article presents a set of findings showing that Medicaid had no effect on a set of conditions where you would expect proper health management to make a difference. There are effective treatment protocols for hypertension, cholesterol, and diabetes, yet insurance status had no effect on blood pressure, cholesterol levels, or glycated hemoglobin (a measure of diabetic blood sugar control).
At the same time, some of the early hopes for the OHP are borne out in the recent data: Medicaid recipients had much better mental health than their control-group counterparts. Based on clinical diagnostic criteria, the insured were about one-third less likely to be depressed than those not assigned to Medicaid. And the financial benefits of insurance also remained: Insurance proved particularly important in shielding study participants from medically induced financial catastrophe—5.5 percent of the control group reported spending more than 30 percent of their annual income on health care, as compared to just about zero for those assigned to receive Medicaid. According to Amy Finkelstein, an MIT economics professor and one of two principal investigators on the study, this is a critical observation since, “a primary purpose of health insurance is to protect individuals financially in the event of adverse health events, and our findings show that Medicaid does just that.” (As in the earlier study, Medicaid also translated into more use of medical services, with coverage leading to increased doctor visits, use of medication, and compliance with recommended preventive care like mammograms and cholesterol screening.)
Overall, can the Oregon Medicaid experiment be declared a success or failure two years on? As the study's other principal investigator, Katherine Baicker of the Harvard School of Public Health, puts it, the findings are like a health insurance ink blot—people see in it whatever they need to validate their existing position on Obamacare and universal coverage for the poor more generally. Those opposed to government care point to the lack of any measurable effect on health outcomes. Insurance advocates naturally highlight the importance of Medicare in reducing stress and its value as a financial cushion. Medicare is in large part health insurance that is meant to shield those covered from the ruinous effects of a health disaster. OHP seems to have been extremely effective in eliminating such catastrophic financial outcomes. And maybe two years isn't enough time for researchers to see improvements in health, which may accrue over the longer term (though the researchers have focused on health outcomes where improvements should be seen within a two-year time frame).
At the same time, the findings should give pause to even those who are most committed to universal health insurance. We shouldn't expect the Affordable Care Act to make Americans healthier (except in terms of mental well-being). The ACA will put millions of low-income individuals across the country into Medicaid programs that look a lot like what's available in Oregon; such a rapid expansion could overwhelm health care service capacity. If anything, the results of the Oregon study might be optimistic about the results.
If you're committed to better health for the poor, though, the latest Oregon results are not a reason to give up on the cause completely. Rather, the Oregon experiment is yet another argument in favor of the increasingly common view that access to medical care is necessary but far from sufficient for good health. What's the use in prescribing statins to reduce cholesterol to patients who don't take their meds, continue to consume potato chips and soda unabated, and ignore health care providers' pleas to walk more and drive less?
But changing habits, compliance, and lifestyles is a much taller order, and viewing health care in this way can make the Affordable Care Act, despite its enormous ambitions, seem almost too timid or narrow in its focus. It requires that our conception of health care go beyond a passive delivery system of waiting for patients to come into the clinic and get out into the community to reach patients in their daily lives. At least some case studies of successful health interventions emphasize this brand of community-based systemic intervention. It may be that this approach of active outreach—whether delivered by the government directly or by medically minded social entrepreneurs—may be what's required to make America healthier.
Ahmad, 28, was arrested on April 17, 2013 in Kafarsousa, Damascus and was tortured for three months before his release. As part of the Local Coordination Committee, the young man was in charge of a warehouse where he prepared emergency kits that the two doctors he worked with used to tend to wounded people in the region.
The intelligence agents discovered their operation after a fellow aid worker was caught and tortured until he gave up the names and locations. Ahmad knew that the Air Force Intelligence, Syria's most feared intelligence service, would be raiding the warehouse soon, but they didn't have time to hide all the medical aid. “We got arrested almost immediately,” he says.
Ahmad's memories of his detention – two weeks in Al-Mazze Military Airport prison, two and a half months in the Air Force Intelligence prison – recall stories from the Soviet gulags. But the young man believes that he was one of the lucky detainees: because he was an activist in the Medical Coordination Committee, he felt he wasn't beaten as badly as other detainees with whom he shared the cell.
“I remember this man whose back was burnt with oil, and another guy had his leg broken, his wound open from the constant beating. He was Jordanian and had been arrested. I don't know what happened to them, if they lived or they died,” Ahmad told NOW.
Thousands of young Syrians have been telling stories of gruesome medieval torture from Syrian prisons for the past three years. NOW has interviewed Syrian refugees and activists who recounted interrogations combined with electrocution, cigarette burns, beatings, hanging, and rape. International human rights organizations such as Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have been documenting detentions, forced disappearances, and torture in Syrian prisons since 2011.
But a recent report based on photographs leaked by a defected Syrian intelligence officer has raised concern that this torture and abuse happens on an industrial scale. The 31-page report published by CNN was produced by a team of London-based lawyers experienced in international justice and investigation of war crimes in Sierra Leone and the former Yugoslavia. The pictures depicted 11,000 emaciated bodies with visible signs of torture that allegedly perished in Syrian prisons.
Ahmad, who now lives in Beirut, remembers his interrogation. “They beat you first, and then ask questions,” he described. “In Al-Mazze [prison], interrogations went like this: they asked me a question, and if my answer was not convincing, I had to go down to the ground. They held my feet up and whipped my soles 10 times, then they made me get up again and repeated the question. I took three rounds of this in one day. I don't know what it is with the Syrian army and sole-caning, but almost every torture technique included whipping our feet. They beat me until they broke my leg,” Ahmad said. The interrogators were not happy with the information Ahmad was providing, he said, so they tortured him with “the Ghost:” his arms tied behind his back, he was hanged by his hands until his shoulders fractured.
He still says he's one of the lucky ones. Ahmad is from Damascus; the people who were tortured most were those from Hama and Homs, regardless of their religion.
In Al-Mazze prison, Ahmad explained, the detainees had to take turns at sitting down because the cell was too small to fit them all. In the Air Force Intelligence prison, they only were allowed to use the bathroom three times a day and shower for one minute every week. The prisoners starved as they were fed with uncooked rice or chickpeas. The guards and prison personnel stole the prisoners' food, prompted by their own need to provide for their families in times of war.
“The allegations [of war crimes committed in Syria] should be taken very seriously,” Cilina Nasser, Amnesty International Syria researcher, told NOW. “Based on many testimonies of people who were held in detentions and were subjected to torture in Syria, and on images [other than the 55 000] of deaths in custody that we've examined since 2011, we believe that [war crimes] is a serious allegation. That is why we've been asking for the UN-mandated Commission of Inquiry to be granted access to Syrian prisons.”
A member of the UN-mandated independent Commission of Inquiry told Reuters that she was confident that a case on war crimes committed in Syria could be taken up by the International Criminal Court (ICC). Karen Koning AbuZayd said that the Commission is drafting a fourth list of suspects. However, she said the newly-publicized photographs were not taken into account as evidence because they came from a single source.
"We've told those people who have this information, to whom it was given, that whatever they would want to share with us, we would be following up. They claim to have numbers and names and so on and that families have identified some of these people. But they have to be very careful because the families are still inside [Syria)]," AbuZayd explained.
According to the international regulations, the ICC can only take up a case when it is referred by the UN Security Council. However, regardless of the thousands of testimonies like Ahmad's and scores of reports issued by UN agencies and human rights organizations, the UN Security Council has not referred any such case to the ICC.
At the end of the day, Nasser told NOW, it's still a matter of political will. “Until now [the referral to the ICC] has been blocked by Russia. We've been repeating the same thing since 2011: it's a moral obligation that falls on Russia.”
Ana Maria Luca is on Twitter @aml1609. Luna Safwan tweets @LunaSafwan.
Interesting - i like the fact that theres no stacking anymore and seems like quite a bit less microing. I never got that into the whole air part of the game before but it seems like that will change. And Agility as a stat pfft Zero ^^. Looking forward to hearing more later.
A couple of questions:
Since you have removed the stacking in airbattles have you done the same in naval battels?
Regarding Aces since It's something you add to your units i guess theres also a % chance of them being shot down so you will lose them?
Since the Airzones are relative big how does bombing work. Do you bomb the airzone or do you target an actual province in the airzone. Im thinking in regards to how you damage IC/AA/INF and on which scale these work. From the picture i can see theres 30 AA on southern england so i guess the AA works on airzone level. Or do the planes just pick a province within the airzone?
Click to expand...
Underscoring the complexity of the relationship between the allies, Pakistani officials are loath to publicize the aid because of the deep-seated anti-American sentiment in Pakistan. And they privately express frustration about the pace and types of aid, which totals about $1.5 billion this year.
At a military briefing on Saturday, the Pakistani Army spokesman, Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas, said the fight in South Waziristan was a purely Pakistani enterprise, unaided by the United States or anyone else. “Let us finish the job on our own,” he told reporters.
Hasan Askari Rizvi, a military analyst in Lahore, said that publicly acknowledging the military aid — an open secret in Pakistan — could hand militants fresh ammunition for propaganda attacks. “The Pakistan military would not like to talk about the U.S. assistance,” he said, “so that the Islamists, most of whom are opposed to military operations, do not get additional reason to criticize the military and the government.”
American officials in Pakistan — whom the Pakistani government directed earlier this year not to discuss the United States role in providing humanitarian aid to hundreds of thousands of people displaced from their homes by the fighting in Swat — said the same edict applied to war assistance.
“The Pakistanis insist on ‘no American face' on their war. Period,” said one senior American military officer in Southwest Asia, who would speak only anonymously because he did not want to jeopardize his relationship with his Pakistani counterparts.
Given the reluctance of Pakistani and American officials to speak openly about the assistance, it is difficult to assess how effective the American aid has been in the current combat operations.
Beneath their official silence, many senior Pakistani military officials seethe at the months, or even years, of delay by the Pentagon in delivering promised hardware and troop reimbursements. They also gripe that the United States is denying them the best technology, like Predator drones or Apache helicopter gunships.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We are grateful for the generosity but believe that we have now learned to fight with what all we possess and not what has been promised,” said one senior Pakistani officer, who was granted anonymity to provide a candid assessment.
Shuja Nawaz, director of the South Asia Center of the Atlantic Council, a nonprofit policy and research group, sharply criticized the Obama administration in an essay on the organization's Web site last week. “Pakistan still does not have all the weapons or assistance that it needs to do the job right,” he wrote.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton acknowledged the frustrations in an interview this week with Dawn, a Pakistani daily newspaper, before arriving on a trip to Pakistan.
“We both have bureaucracies,” Mrs. Clinton said. “We know how it is sometimes that things get delayed or they're slower than we want, but we're really trying to accelerate everything we can to help the Pakistani military.” Mrs. Clinton did not provide any details.
An American adviser in Pakistan, who was granted anonymity to discuss internal United States policy, said, “U.S. current military assistance either demonstrates U.S. resolve and offsets anti-Americanism, or is deliberately underplayed to boost Pakistani military and political credibility, and the latter meets our policy objectives more closely.”
The United States has provided Pakistan with about $12 billion in military assistance and payments since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. The Pentagon reimburses Pakistan about $1 billion a year to cover its costs of fielding more than 100,000 troops along the Afghan border in counterinsurgency operations.
But in the past year, the Defense Department has significantly increased the shipment of military equipment to Pakistan to combat the increasingly violent insurgency.
Most significant was Mr. Obama's involvement in speeding the delivery of the 10 Russian-built Mi-17s, at the request of the Pakistani army chief of staff, Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani. Four of the transport helicopters were leased to Pakistan in June, and the rest were provided under different authorities to move Pakistani Army soldiers in the border region near Afghanistan.
“The president was engaged on this issue in the spring,” said a White House official, who spoke anonymously because he was discussing Mr. Obama's involvement.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Also involved was Adm. Mike Mullen, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, who repeatedly pressed his staff to find the Mi-17s in American inventories and to figure out a way to provide them to Pakistan.
This year alone, the Pentagon is sending more than $500 million in arms, equipment and training assistance to Pakistan, to help train and equip the Pakistani military for counterinsurgency operations.
Included in that package is nearly $13 million in electronic eavesdropping equipment to intercept militants' cellphone calls. In July, the Pentagon supplied Pakistan with 200 night vision goggles, 100 day/night scopes, more than 600 radios and 9,475 sets of body armor.
The Pentagon has also sharply increased programs to bring Pakistani officers to the United States for training, particularly in counterterrorism.
“We've put military assistance to Pakistan on a wartime footing, as up to now it has been in a peacetime process,” said Lt. Col. Mark Wright, a Pentagon spokesman. “We are doing everything within our power to assist Pakistan in improving its counterinsurgency capabilities.”
- Californians are preparing to attend the inauguration for President-elect Donald Trump on Friday January 20, as preparations are underway in Washington DC for large crowds of supporters and protestors.
One Bay Area Trump supporter Liz Ritchie got an official invitation to the inaugural parade, the ceremony, and the inaugural ball. On Friday, a knock at the door came with more good news.
"Up drives the FedEx and there's my real tickets showing up so I was so excited," said Ritchie, who served as a Northern California Trump campaign volunteer.
"The inauguration is right in here and I'm going to get to stand right in here," Ritchie said pointing to a small map, "This is the inaugural invitation, this is to the ball, this is to the welcome concert and this is to the parade...I'm wanting to soak up every minute and moment that I can of the whole entire experience."
She will be one of the estimated 800,000 people attending the inauguration. Preparations are ramping up, with flags already hanging from the capitol building where President-elect Trump will raise his right hand on the steps and take the oath of office.
At Joint Base Andrews, the Air Force practiced for the parade. About 1,000 Air Force members will march and another 300 members will join the inauguration security force, which includes some 28,000 people from various agencies.
The director of the Secret Service Joseph Clancy says they have been conducting as many as 40 mock scenarios and are practicing their response plans.
"there's nothing specific, no credible threats at this point," said Clancy, who said there were new concerns compared to the last inauguration, "we weren't as concerned about drones, the UAS's, the unmanned aerial system."
Trucks filled with concrete and buses will line the perimeter as a barrier to any potential vehicle attacks as seen in Germany and France. At least 99 different organizations have requested permits to hold rallies, both for and against the new president.
Liz Ritchie, who spent months working without pay as many as 18 hours a day as a campaign volunteer, says the inauguration tickets are the best reward.
"All of this is just so exciting. It's gravy that I could never have had expected to have happened in my life. I feel so blessed," Ritchie said.
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts is expected to swear in Mr. Trump. Justice Clarence Thomas is listed as administering the oath for Mike Pence to become Vice-President.
Some members of Congress have said they don't plan to attend the inauguration. On Friday, Congressman John Lewis of Georgia said he will boycott the inauguration.
He is now one of seven Democrats who say they won't go. That includes California representatives Barbara Lee, from Oakland and Jared Huffman of Marin County.
The others are Representatives Katherine Clark of Massachusetts, Luis Gutierrez of Illinois, Raul Grijalva of Arizona, and Earl Bluemnauer of Oregon.
Mr. Trump's rival Secretary Hillary Clinton has said she'll attend along with former President Bill Clinton.
In the latest in a string of attacks on so-called establishment Republicans, former White House chief strategist Stephen Bannon went after former President George W. Bush on Friday night, calling his legacy "destructive" and questioning his intelligence.
“There has not been a more destructive presidency than George Bush's,” Bannon said, speaking at the convention banquet of the California Republican Party, which is a majority of Democratic state.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bush delivered a speech on democracy and security on Thursday that some took as a nameless rebuke of President Trump.
Bush said “bigotry seems emboldened” in the United States now and warned that Americans need to reject “white supremacy” and accept “globalization” in free trade.
"It was clear he didn't understand anything he was talking about," Bannon said. "He has no earthly idea of whether he's coming or going, just like it was when he was president of the United States."
Bannon is leading what he calls a "season of war" on the Republican establishment heading into the 2018 midterm elections. He is backing primary challengers in multiple states, after his candidate, former judge Roy Moore, successfully won the special Alabama Senate primary against an establishment (and Trump)-backed opponent in September.
Bannon, the executive chairman of Breitbart News, in July 2016 referred to his conservative media site as "the platform for the alt-right" during an interview with Mother Jones. The reference is often cited by critics in the ongoing national conversation about white supremacist beliefs among alt-right supporters of Trump.
Bush is not running for office and has not campaigned for any candidates this year. He was speaking at a forum for the George W. Bush Institute.
Bannon's speech was reportedly well-received and ended with a standing ovation, according to The Associated Press.
Outgoing Vice President Joe Biden said on Thursday that he thinks the 2016 presidential campaign in which Republican Donald J. Trump defeated Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton in a landslide was more a battle of “personalities” than it was a battle of “ideas.”
“This has been a very tough election. It's been ugly, it's been divisive, it's been coarse, it's been dispiriting. And it was more a battle of personalities than it was a battle of ideas in my view,” Biden said at a New York University forum in Washington, D.C., according to CNN.
“I find myself embarrassed by the nature of the way in which this campaign was conducted,” Biden added “So much for the shining city on the hill.”
It's interesting that Biden would claim the race was about personalities when it was Hillary Clinton's campaign that repeatedly and consistently attempted to force the conversation away from policy matters to questions about Trump's personality—and it was Trump who barnstormed America giving perhaps one of the most detailed policy visions a presidential candidate has in generations.
Trump toured the country during the GOP primaries and the general election giving policy speech after speech. In the general election, Trump's policy speeches focused on everything from immigration to trade to healthcare to revving up the economy to rebuilding the military to infrastructure planning to inner city development to law and order crime combating measures to national security to foreign policy to the economy and more. Clinton gave exactly zero policy speeches in the general election.
While Trump was talking about policy directly to the American people, in speeches, over social media, and in interviews with new media outlets not beholden to the political class, the entire Democratic Party, the media establishment — including and especially CNN, and the political class in Washington was focused almost exclusively on the latest allegations against Trump–whether they be the unsubstantiated and questionably timed allegations from a variety of women against him or about whatever else they could focus on other than policy matters.
But Democrats and their allies throughout the legacy establishment media—including CNN—have been desperately searching for something to blame for Hillary Clinton getting smoked, losing 30 states to Trump. Trump's landslide victory saw him win 30 states—Clinton only got 20—and 306 electoral votes, the most any Republican has won since the 1980s.
Part of what Democrats, including now Clinton herself, and their media cohorts are blaming is this “fake news” phenomenon. Some in the media–including CNN's Brian Stelter and others–have admitted their industry is in crisis in the immediate aftermath of the election. But Stelter and his crew at CNN, and the rest of the media by and large, have reverted to the same form of inaccuracy within days of the election and continue to refuse to accurately report the news.
Biden, later in an interview with CNN's own Jake Tapper, actually claimed—incorrectly—that President-elect Trump didn't provide any “detail” about his trade policy platform to the American people.
“[Trump] did say a lot that the trade deals had sold out the American people, and that he was going to bring those jobs back and that he was going to fight for the American worker,” Tapper said to Biden. “That did cut through.”
“That cut through, but there was no detail about any of it,” Biden replied.
So now that the “fake news” claim is falling apart—the media choosing Brian Williams, the disgraced ex-NBC Nightly News anchor who lost his job due to making up news stories, as its spokesperson against “fake news” didn't work out so well—the left is now shifting its story about why Trump won to another implausibility: That it was a race of personalities, not substance.
In that follow-up interview with Tapper, which will air in full on CNN's State of the Union this coming weekend, Biden claimed that if he ran instead of Clinton Republicans would “probably have eaten me alive.”
It's not just Republicans who get riled by the thought of Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton ascending to the presidency. Some people on the left lock horns over Clinton often enough to suggest that Team Hillary still has a long way to go before she has shored up the traditional base of progressive voters.
A controversial book cover is the latest flashpoint to lay bare the divisions in the Democratic base over the Clinton candidacy. The forthcoming book, “My Turn,” by Nation Magazine Contributing Editor Doug Henwood, critiques the former secretary of state's decades-long political career, calling out her foreign policy positions and purported connections to big-money interests, among other contentious points.
And the book cover's flamboyant illustration – featuring a stoic Hillary Clinton, in a blood-red dress, pointing a gun at the reader – has sparked a heated debate among her supporters and detractors.
Salon editor Joan Walsh and former Obama speechwriter Jon Lovett both called the drawing “gross”:
@jonlovett @rtraister it's disgusting. — Joan Walsh (@joanwalsh) October 29, 2015
@rtraister jokes aside this cover is gross — Jon Lovett (@jonlovett) October 29, 2015
Meanwhile, liberal blogger Amanda Marcotte tweeted:
https://t.co/SE7P5iQ0CQ I keep hearing it's unfair to think that some of the male Clinton haters on the left might have issues with women. — Amanda Marcotte (@AmandaMarcotte) October 29, 2015
Others called it the “cover of the year”:
Contest is over. Best book cover of 2015 is right here: https://t.co/g0EEmVBeVn From original art by Sarah Sole pic.twitter.com/jxdSCJLmBL — James Fallows (@JamesFallows) October 29, 2015
Even the author and the artist have different takes on the imagery.
“People often see in texts what they want to see. The reaction to this cover, which has been circulating less than 48 hours, has been a vivid reminder of this,” Henwood told MSNBC. “When I first saw the design I knew it would attract a lot of attention. … But I couldn't have predicted the diversity of reactions.”
Where Henwood sees “ruthlessness and hawkishness,” in the image, the artist, Sarah Sole told the International Business Times she sees it as “pulpy and sexy.”
Henwood is a well-known Clinton critic on the left who skewered the former secretary of state, senator and first lady in a controversial 2014 Harper's Magazine cover story titled “Stop Hillary.” In it he wrote, “She has experience, she's a woman, and it's her turn. It's hard to find any substantive political argument in her favor.”
But the intimidating image glaring out from the front of “My Turn” was created long before Henwood penned the book, which he says was developed out of the Harper's piece and goes into greater detail about “her long history in shaping the ‘New Democrat agenda,' ” — an agenda which “she now purports to be running against,” Henwood told MSNBC.
And then there's Sole, a diehard Clinton supporter and also a fan of Henwood's, according to International Business Times.
Sole debuted the painting, along with other similarly themed pieces, last year. Later, the pieces were published in Politico magazine under the headline “Extremely Ready for Hillary,” according to the International Business Times.
“I love Hillary Clinton, I support Hillary Clinton, I very much want her to be president. I will certainly vote for her,” Sole told International Business Times.
“What I don't get is the reaction that calls the cover sexist,” Henwood told MSNBC. “Hillary is tough and determined, characteristics that shouldn't be seen as off-limits to women. The political question is what she or anyone else does with toughness and determination, and that's what my criticism of her focuses on.
“I have no problem with ball-busting women,” Henwood continued. “I kinda like them, in fact. I just don't like [Hillary Clinton's] politics.”
We are going to discuss the delimiter matching problem in this week's post. The question has recently been asked by Uber, however, which is only part of the reason we select this question.
One of the common misunderstandings is that coding interviews are extremely hard to companies like Uber, Google, Facebook etc. and most people failed because they couldn't come up with any idea at all. However, it's not the case. More than 70% of questions are quite fundamental and are focused on testing candidates' understanding of basic data structures/algorithms.
Also, writing clean and bug-free code is required. The result is that many people keep saying that questions are much simpler than they thought after the interview, but at the same time fail to solve them.
That's why we select delimiter matching question – it's fundamental, but if you can't provide a solution with clean code in 15min, you've already failed this interview.
Question – Delimiter Matching
Write an algorithm to determine if all of the delimiters in an expression are matched and closed.
For example, “{ac[bb]}”, “[dklf(df(kl))d]{}” and “{[[[]]]}” are matched. But “{3234[fd” and {df][d} are not. The question has been asked by Uber recently and is expected to be solved quickly.
Before reading next sections, think about the problem by yourself and track how much time you need to solve it.
How to analyze?
The focus of all our posts is on how to analyze coding questions and how to come up with the right ideas, which are much more valuable than the solution itself.
Back to this question, the first thing should be clarifying the question. For example, I would expect candidates to ask what are all delimiters in this question – let's say there are only three (“{}”, “[]” and “()”). You may also clarify if other characters in the string make any difference.
Next, it's recommended to think about most naive ways to solve the problem, which at least shows that you're able to provide a solution and you can also keep optimizing from this point. Brute force is one of the most common approaches, but as you can see, it doesn't work well in this question because going back to check if any delimiter matches the current one is non-trivial.
Simplest case
Let's consider the simplest case. If there's only one type of delimiter “()”, how can we solve the problem?
The solution is very straightforward. Basically, we keep a counter whose initial value is 0. Go over the string, if we get a left parenthesis “(“, increase the counter by 1 and if it's a right parenthesis “)”, decrease the counter by 1. Finally, if the counter is 0, it means the all the parentheses are balanced.
Let's generalize the solution for all delimiters.
Generalized solution
When I was working on this problem for the first time, what I thought first is to keep separate counters for each delimiter and if all of them are 0 after processing the string, all of the delimiters are balanced. However, this doesn't work. Consider the case “([)]”, we have an equal number of left and right delimiters but they are incorrectly matched.
Therefore, only keeping the number of unmatched delimiters is not enough, we also need to keep track of all the previous delimiters. Since each time when we see a new delimiter, we need to compare this one with the last unmatched delimiter, stack is the data structure we should consider.
Let's finalize the solution as follows:
Start with an empty stack to store any delimiter we are processing
Go over the string, for each delimiter we find: If it's a left parenthesis, push it to the stack If it's a right parenthesis, pop the top element of the stack and compare with the right parenthesis. If they are matched, keep processing the string. Otherwise, delimiters are not balanced.
Here's the code (in Python):
Takeaways
The problem is not hard, but it's not easy to write clean code within 15min. Again, I would recommend people spend more time on basic questions and be more proficient in writing solid code. You may still have a chance when failing with “super hard” questions, but not being able to write clean code for basic questions like this is much more terrible.
Similar to previous questions, let me summarize few takeaways here:
If you get stuck, solve the simplest case and try to generalize the solution. For this question, we start with only one type of delimiter, which provides a lot of insights.
Instead of guessing which data structure to use, the nature of the solution actually provides a lot of clues. Since we need to compare with the last unmatched delimiter, it's quite natural to use a stack.
Don't forget to check boundaries. In the coding solution, it's important to check if the stack is empty.
By the way, if you want to have more guidance from experienced interviewers, you can check Gainlo that allows you to have mock interview with engineers from Google, Facebook etc..
The post is written by - a platform that allows you to have mock interviews with employees from Google, Amazon etc..
