Imperial Valley lettuce farmer Jack Vessey says it's the worst in his lifetime. Farther north in California's Central Valley, orange grower Manuel Cunha calls it the most constrained since before World War II. Coastal tomato grower Luwanna Holmstrom constantly worries about a repeat of two years ago, when she had to plow under $2.5 million in tomatoes left unpicked.
California and Arizona farmers - producers of half the nation's citrus and 90 percent of its vegetables and nuts - are struggling with an acute labor shortage. The situation, worsened by crackdowns on illegal immigration since 9/11, also extends to other states and is no longer just a matter of possible price increases on lettuce, oranges, or almonds, farmers say. Rather, it is a turning point in the nation's ability to produce its own food - and possibly the loss of major parts of its agriculture industry.
"We are trying to sound the alarm without being alarmist, but the situation has become extremely serious," says Tim Chelling of the Western Growers Association, whose members grow, pack, and ship half America's produce. "We are now talking of losing the production of key commodities to foreign competition. America's produce industry is facing a crisis."
Although the shortage was worsening before 9/11, it's now extreme, Mr. Chelling and the three California farmers say. Without an emergency guest-worker program, they will be dramatically short of the minimum number of workers needed to harvest the current crop. Without long-term immigration reform that acknowledges America's reliance on foreign workers, farmers will not be able to make ends meet, they say.
Mr. Cunha, for example, says Central Valley raisin growers need 50,500 pickers and have only 15,000. In the last harvest, $150 million to $300 million in grapes were ruined because they could not be picked and laid out to dry before the period of necessary seasonal sunlight passed. This year predictions are worse.
Mr. Vessey began harvesting romaine, iceberg, and red-leaf lettuce Tuesday. He was 200 workers short. "I lost $250,000 because of this problem last year," he says. "This year I am concerned I could go under completely. If I miss making my contracts with some of the big stores, they could look to China, Canada, Mexico, and elsewhere, and even if I recover my labor later, it may be too late."
Tightened border
Even before 9/11, other industries from construction to hotels, restaurants, and domestic services were luring workers away from the difficult and temporary work of harvesting. Increased border enforcement, which began a decade ago but has been ratcheted up since 2001, has further reduced the labor pool. In fact, by tripling the border patrol in recent years, the back-and-forth traffic of illegals has become so problematic that instead of returning to Mexico, many have moved farther into America's interior in search of full-time work - leaving seasonal agriculture work behind. This year, construction booms in the West and Midwest, hurricane reconstruction in Florida, and post- Katrina cleanup in the Gulf have siphoned off even more undocumented workers.
Higher wages would help, critics point out. "The problem is that the agricultural industry has come to expect that they will have exactly the workers they need when they need them and at the price they want them, but that is not the way the economy works," says Ira Mehlman of the Federation of American Immigration Reform.
Furthermore, America is not getting the cheap labor it expects from undocumented workers because of the unseen cost of $10.5 billion spent a year for health, education, and incarceration of such workers, he says. "If you started factoring in all the costs associated with these low-wage workers, you would realize the cost of a head of lettuce is prohibitive in this situation."
Farmers disagree.
"You always hear the argument that if we just paid decent wages and made these jobs open to legal Americans that the jobs would be filled," says Cunha, president of the Nisei Farmers League. "We have found that to be completely not so."
Vessey says he offered $8.50 an hour but that some workers choosing to harvest "per carton" can average up to $12 per hour. But when he went recently to Imperial County's welfare and economic development department seeking 300 workers for the next day, only one showed up to his fields and left after half a day.
Ripple effects
The loss of farmworkers also has a ripple effect across agricultural regions, say economic analysts - with about 3.5 more jobs lost in packing, cleaning, transport, and other ancillary activities for every agricultural job not filled.
Vessey, Cunha, and Ms. Holmstrom all say they understand the concerns about security but claim that a new national dialogue about immigration reform is essential. They applaud President Bush's recent speech in Arizona, for acknowledging the need for a guest-worker program. They say it's critical because about 1.5 million of the nation's estimated 11.5 million illegals are known to work in agriculture. If that number dwindles, they say, no Americans will be there to fill the gap.
"If this doesn't change and change quickly, I think you could see the end of desert agriculture in this region," says Vessey. He supports a bill sponsored by Sens. Edward Kennedy (D) of Massachusetts and Larry Craig (R) of Idaho. Among its provisions: a plan to allow workers to earn the right to stay in the United States for up to six years and then apply for residency if they meet certain requirements.
A Grand Rapids bastion of Marxist politics and vegan burgers is shutting down after five years in business. And some are likening its closure to the fall of communism.
The Garden Diner and Café—replete with wall murals of Che Guevara in a chef's apron and raised fists clutching asparagus sprigs—had eschewed tips in favor of paying its workers a living wage and scorned traditional management methods.
And while its vegan, vegetarian and raw food fare was mostly a hit, Vice‘s Munchies reports, its unpredictable opening hours, slow service and 40-minute waits for a sandwich, strained customer patience.
Thad Cummings, one of the restaurant's original investors, told local Michigan site MLive that the Garden Diner and Café, which was called Bartertown Diner until September, had struggled to pay its workers or turn a profit.
The restaurant's (now-defunct) Facebook page was flooded with complaints from patrons angry at its slow service. Patrons hungry for a sandwich would find the café shuttered at odd times, thanks to opening hours set by employee group decision.
For more on vegan food, watch Fortune's video:
Some commenters gleefully attributed the restaurant's failure to flaws in socialism. One commentator, who tagged his post “collectivist nincompoopery,” wrote on MLive “why is it that progressives refuse to acknowledge that socialism doesn't work and never has? It can't work because it runs afoul of natural law and human nature.”
But for others in Grand Rapids, the restaurant wasn't progressive enough. After sending a free meal to the local police department, some complained that it had sold out by cozying up to the city's “nearly all-white police force in this era of police violence.”
So, what does the closure of the Garden Diner and Café reveal about the merits of one political system over another? Probably not a lot.
Aleix Vidal has been given chances this season after a difficult year under Luis Enrique which ended with a serious injury. Ernesto Valverde's mission was to recover the best Vidal and the new coach feels he's a player who can add a lot in more attacking positions. Therefore, Vidal will stop serving as a right-back -- he's hardly played there this season -- and will be used in midfield or wide on the right. The right-back spot will be for Nelson Semedo and, every now and again, Sergi Roberto.
Valverde liked Vidal and wanted to give him chances in preseason. The coach began playing him at full-back, but his performances didn't offer defensive guarantees. For that reason, due to his pace and ability to run at defences, he's been used more offensively, where he's done well. Vidal played his best football and Almeria and Sevilla further forward. Unai Emery converted him to a right-back out of necessity, but he was much more protects at Sevilla. In Barça, it's unlikely he will play there again unless absolutely necessary.
Vidal runs at defences, sets up and scores goals. That's what he's done throughout his career. The idea is that he will be a success at Barça in a position he's much more comfortable in. He had offers to leave in the summer but he wanted to give it another go at Barça and wait until see what this season.
Our DSG match-grade 20” 6.5 Creedmoor barrel comes without the added weight of a contour. Our 6.5 Creedmoor combined with its heavy profile, 1.8 twist rate, and 11 degree recessed target crown improves shooting accuracy, bullet stabilization, and 11 degree recessed target crown.
Our barrel, weighs 67.2 oz., features a rifle-length gas system, 5/8x24 muzzle threads, and .875” gas block seat, which reduces overheating, increases stabilization, and prevents bending. We design it using 416R stainless steel material to prevent corrosion and increase longevity.
We have tested our barrel for HP and MPI to ensure no tiny factures in the metal exist and become enlarged when you fire your firearm. We have also coated the barrel extension with nickel boron and completed the look with a bead blasted external finish. We have added a DPMS pattern, which is a rounded pattern, on the uppers of the barrel to enhance its appearance.
To ensure you receive a quality and cost-effective product, we have manufactured our barrel using the button rifled method. If you intend to take your weapon in the field to hunt down game, you can increase your shooting accuracy and precision of your firearm by adding our DSG match-grade 20” 6.5 Creedmoor stainless steel barrel.
Features:
For all those interested you can now play the first prototype of a domination style RTS game. I would appreciate getting any feedback about this.
You can download it here.
It is written in Java 8 and should work on macOS, Linux and Windows – given you have installed the Java 8 runtime (or higher).
To run
download the ZIP file
unpack somewhere you like
cd into the directory (urts-0.0.4-SNAPSHOT)
execute game.sh or game.bat (depending on your OS)
Rules of the game
Scout and conquer SUB bases, they give you DOMINATION POINTS after each round
If you have a dominating force nearby a SUB base you can conquer it from another player (and vice versa)
Each minute you have a 'round'. After each round of 1 minute the domination points are accumulated and a new round is started.
After 5 rounds ( == 5 minutes), the game ends. The player with most domination points win!
What it looks like
A 17-year-old US boy is accused of bludgeoning his parents to death with a hammer, then hosting a party while their bodies lay in the bedroom.
Tyler Hadley of Florida is charged with twin counts of first-degree murder in the deaths, which authorities say happened on Saturday. He is being held without bond at a juvenile detention centre.
The parents - Blake and Mary-Jo Hadley - were believed to have been struck with the hammer in their heads and torsos sometime after their son posted on Facebook around 1.15pm on Saturday (local time) alerting friends to an evening party at his house, north of West Palm Beach.
Investigators believe the parents were attacked outside their master bedroom and the bodies were moved into the bedroom and the door locked.
As many as 60 people attended the party that night, according to Port St Lucie Police spokesman Tom Nichols.
They were loud enough to prompt a noise complaint and a visit by police. When they arrived at 1.30am on Sunday to warn about the noise, the party was already breaking-up, Nichols said.
Then, police said, they received a tip that a murder may have taken place. They returned to the home at 4.20am, finding the bodies covered with towels, files, books and other household items, and the hammer between them.
The mother, 47, was an elementary school teacher. The father, 54, worked for a power company.
Autopsies were underway, but police said they believed they died of blunt-force trauma.
Hadley had attended high school, according to police, but had not graduated.
Originally published as US teen 'killed parents, then partied'
Experience 1ST PERSON TRIPPER: VIRTUAL SURREALITY and see for yourself what optical illusions can do inside the GearVR.
Wander around, into, and through all types of optical illusions. The old 2D classics and new mind expanding 3D illusions.
If you thought optical illusions were trippy in real life, wait until you have experienced: 1ST PERSON TRIPPER: VIRTUAL SURREALITY.
Be the first to message me telling where you found the 'Liar' illusion Easter egg and get yourself turned into an optical illusion and put into the next update. *(Some restrictions may apply:)
CONTROLS:
GamePad Controller
Swivel Chair
MECHANICS:
Use the GamePad to explore the 'space'.
As you walk up to each optical illusion, listen for the 3D audio sweet spot. You know you're standing in the right place to get the best effect.
Strafing back and forth in front of the 3D illusions, while in the 3D audio sweet spot, is your top priority in there!
INNOVATION:
Using optical illusions inside VR: motion aftereffect.
Audio cues to relate correct positioning inside the GearVR.
CREDITS:
Concerned that new “McMansion” homes are changing the character of Los Angeles neighborhoods, the Los Angeles City Council moved Wednesday to temporarily restrict development in 20 areas.
The City Council unanimously passed the Neighborhood Conservation Interim Control Ordinance, which put a two-year ban on the size of new, single-family dwellings in some neighborhoods.
The ordinance temporarily limits the size of single-family dwellings in 15 neighborhoods: Valley Village, South Hollywood, La Brea Hancock Neighborhood, The Oaks of Los Feliz, Miracle Mile, Larchmont Heights, Lower Council District Five, Beverlywood, Inner Council District Five, Fairfax Area, Bel Air, Faircrest Heights Neighborhood, Kentwood, Mar Vista/East Venice and Old Granada Hills.
The law also puts a temporary moratorium on the issuance of building and demolition permits in five proposed Historic Preservation Overlay Zones: Sunset Square, Carthay Square, Holmby-Westwood, Oxford Square and El Sereno-Berkshire Craftsman District.
The new rules came amid a “proliferation of out-of-scale developments that threaten the cohesion and character” of neighborhoods, a city report states.
In 2008, the City Council passed the so-called “mansionization ordinance,” which was intended to control the size of new homes in Los Angeles. But loopholes in the ordinance allowed larger homes to rise, prompting passage of Wednesday's temporary law.
Los Angeles city planners are crafting new zoning codes for development in the city. Updated regulations are expected to be released in about 18 months.
The Los Angeles/Ventura County chapter of the Building Industry Association of Los Angeles, which represents developers and other home building businesses, opposed the new ordinance.
“It supports the loud voices of a few,” Building Industry Association director of government affairs Ezra Gale said in an interview Wednesday. He said the moratorium “unfairly punishes” homeowners with smaller residences and will decrease property values overall.
The ordinance was supported by the numerous neighborhoods groups, including the Bel Air Homeowner's Alliance. The group said in a release Wednesday that developers are seeking to build the largest homes in the entire country in Bel Air.
“The City Council's action today was the direct result of the Alliance's efforts to solve this problem,” Fred Rosen, president and CEO of the Alliance, said in a statement. “We are committed to implementing solutions that protect our community and its residents.”
The first meeting of an FCC-appointed committee that will explore a potential successor to the CableCARD got underway Monday (February 23), with much of the discussion centering on the notion of an all-MVPD “black box” and whether OTT video service providers should be included within the scope of the discussion.
That group, called the Downloadable Security Technology Advisory Committee (DSTAC), is comprised of 18 members and includes execs from Dish Network, Cablevision Systems, Charter Communications, Comcast, Amazon, Google, TiVo and Evolution Digital. The committee was formed after the passing of the STELAR Act in December 2014, which will sunset the current integration ban this December and calls on the FCC to pursue a downloadable alternative. The DSTAC is tasked with filing a report of its findings and recommendations to the FCC by September 4.
Monday's meeting has so far focused on the scope of the report, including which types of navigation devices and the types of content and services – including linear TV and on-demand video -- should fit inside it.
The notion of a “black box” outfitted with downloadable security dominated the early discussion, though what exactly that will entail is not yet clearly defined. But the general idea for it seems to be focused on a virtual module of sorts or a chip that can support the baseline input and output requirements of pay-TV operators. That could end up spanning elements such as service discovery, channel tuning/content requests, emergency alert system information, closed captioning data, copy control information, subscriber authentication/provisioning, and the audio and video streams themselves.
What technical shape that black box takes is an early part of the debate. Joe Weber, CTO for TiVo's Service Provider Business Unit, for example, warned that it would not be feasible for there to be a separate box that sits between it and the retail device from a wide range of MVPDs.
Alan Messer, VP, advanced technology for Samsung's Advanced Technology Lab, also raised concerns about this black box taking the form of a new chip, noting that it could significantly raise the bill of material (BOM) costs for TVs, DVRs and other retail video devices. Such a chip "might not be the right mindset,” he argued.
Also up for debate is whether OTT services should be considered in the coming report, even as the FCC moves ahead with a new rulemaking effort that will look define some online video providers (OVDs) as MVPDS, at least with respect to access to cable and broadcast TV programming.
Mark Hess, SVP, office of the CTO, business and industry affairs at Comcast Cable, suggested that it will be difficult to exclude OTT from the discussion in a meaningful way given the current state of the video marketplace.
“It is an error to ignore it,” agreed Kenneth Lowe, VP and co-founder of Vizio.
Gaming. Design. Entertainment. News. Real estate. Art. Virtual reality can touch our lives in many ways. It's an opportunity that goes well beyond gaming and professional visualization.
That's why at the VRX 2015 conference in San Francisco today we announced that we're partnering with Epic Games to put our GameWorks VR technology, including Multi-Resolution Shading and VR SLI, into its Unreal Engine 4. UE4 software powers hundreds of games on PCs and consoles. And it's becoming a key tool to create immersive experiences of all kinds.
NVIDIA GameWorks VR will give those creating the next generation of VR experiences, like the developers gathered at VRX 2015, the tools they need to create VR experiences millions of people can enjoy.
Multi-Resolution Shading
Tools like NVIDIA Multi-Resolution Shading are just one of the technologies we built into GameWorks VR. Multi-res shading works with VR headsets to put more performance where users can see it.
It delivers higher resolution at the center of the image, where our eyes are focused, and lower resolution at the periphery, where they're not. Because VR headsets “warp” or distort the periphery of an image, Multi-res Shading saves graphics workload without sacrificing image quality.
As demonstrated at VRX using the UE4 demo Reflection Subway, this GameWorks VR technology will help VR developers get up to 50% more performance out of their UE4-based VR games and applications.
Solving the VR Chicken-and-Egg
Developers will need all the performance they can get. VR is demanding. In fact, immersive VR experiences require 7x the performance of a typical 1080p PC gaming experience. So building an installed base of capable PCs is a key first step to making VR a reality.
We're working hard to bring the power needed for VR to more PCs, with products like our GeForce GTX 970 graphics card and performance-enhancing technologies like multi-resolution shading. Through a combination of advances in our GPUs and software, we expect the installed base of GeForce VR Ready PCs to grow from 5 million today, to over 130 million by 2020.
This large installed base of high-performance, GeForce-based PCs offers the foundation upon which amazing, high-production value VR experiences can be built. We're excited to be working with the entire VR ecosystem to make these experiences a reality — from companies making headsets, input and tracking devices, to capture and streaming technologies, to applications, to software engines that can drive a variety of experiences, to platforms and stores.
Climbing Mount Everest
I compare this journey to climbing Mount Everest. Our base camp: creating technologies like GameWorks VR that enables the ecosystem to develop amazing experiences. The next step: crossing the crevasse by building a large installed base of VR Ready PCs.
The summit: making VR a pervasive part of our lives.
Existing protocols not robust enough for emergencies that could materialise in cyberspace, says Foreign Office official
Britain has begun tentative talks with China and Russia about setting up a hotline to help prevent cyber-emergencies from spiralling out of control.
The discussions are at an early stage but they reflect anxiety from all sides that a calamity in cyberspace, whether deliberate or accidental, could have devastating consequences unless there is a quick and reliable way for senior officials to reach each other.
The US has been talking to the Chinese about a similar arrangement and the ideas will be among several raised at an international conference on cybersecurity in Hungary on Thursday.
The event will involve 600 diplomats from up to 50 countries and is a follow-up to a conference in London last year. One of the aims of the negotiations is to agree rules of behaviour in cyberspace at a time when states have become aware of the potential to attack, steal from and disrupt their enemies online.
China and Russia have been arguing for a more restrictive, state-controlled future for the internet and for formal arms-control-type treaties to govern what countries can and cannot do.
But they have been challenged by European countries and the US. The UK has said there is no need for treaties and that controls on the internet would restrict economic growth and freedom of speech.
Some progress has been made in reconciling the two positions, diplomats say, but the gulf between them is still huge, and the negotiations are continuing at snail's pace.
With the cyber arena evolving so quickly, and with the US and the UK saying cybertheft now represents a genuine threat to western economies and national security, the need for a hotline is pressing.
"At the moment, we don't really have sufficient information-sharing arrangements with some countries such as Chinaand the Chinese computer emergency response team," said a senior Foreign Office official.
"There isn't a form of crisis communication. If we can build that sort of partnership and relationship then the normative framework develops around that. If you ask for assistance, you get a response. That develops into an obligation to assist. One isn't naive about that, but I don't think the Chinese or the Russians enjoy uncertainty, not knowing who to turn to, who to talk to."
The official said the existing protocols and procedures were not robust enough for the type of emergencies that could materialise in cyberspace. "In theory, there are lists of people who to call, but I think they need to be tested and relied upon."
The foreign secretary, William Hague, and the cabinet secretary, Francis Maude, will be in Budapest for the two-day conference. They will announce that the UK is to establish a new £2m cyberhub at one of country's leading universities, which will provide guidance to the government and companies about where to invest money for initiatives in cyberspace abroad. The money will come from the £650m set aside for cybersecurity in the strategic defence and security review.
The official said talks with China were slow going and that there had not been any fundamental shift in Beijing's position. "Through initiatives such as its draft code of conduct, [China] has promoted a vision of cyberspace which has got much more sovereignty and government involvement in it. They have got particular points that they want to get across to the international community."
An international team led by researchers from the University of Houston has reported record thermoelectric performance from rarely studied bismuth-based Zintl phases, work that could lead to a new class of thermoelectric material.
The new material is non-toxic and can be used at temperatures between 500 degrees and 600 degrees Celsius, or around 1,000 degrees Farenheit. The research is described in a paper published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Thermoelectric materials produce electricity by exploiting the flow of thermal current from a warmer area to a cooler area and are currently used in both subsea and aerospace applications. Widespread adoption of this form of clean energy has been hampered, however, by the relatively low efficiency of available materials; that is, they convert heat to electricity at a relatively low rate, which is determined by the figure of merit, or ZT.
Zintl compounds -- a class of materials named after the German chemist Eduard Zintl, who developed the idea of a metal/nonmetal compound -- are considered potential candidates for thermoelectric materials.
But bismuth-based Zintl compounds haven't been widely studied, said Zhifeng Ren, MD Anderson Chair Professor of physics at the University of Houston and lead author on the paper. Zintl materials in general are often overlooked as potential thermoelectric materials because they usually don't efficiently convert heat to electricity, Ren said.
The researchers reported that the new material -- described by the formula (Eu0.5Yb0.5)1-xCaxMg2Bi2 -- had a figure of merit of 1.3 at 873 Kelvin (600 degrees Celsius), higher than that recorded for antimony-based Zintl compounds.
That translates to an efficiency of about 10 percent, said Ren, who also is a principal investigator at the Texas Center for Superconductivity at UH. Top efficiency for current single thermoelectric materials is about 12 percent.
"This new Bi-based Zintl phase with high thermoelectric properties could be a good thermoelectric material candidate in the future," the researchers wrote.
In the paper, they describe the use of band engineering and multi strain field fluctuation to enhance the figure of merit for the material. "This ZT value is the highest ever reported in a CaAl2Si2-based structure, especially compared to the most popular Sb-based Zintl compounds," they wrote. "We confirm chemical disorder has no effect on valence band, but does affect the conduction band, resulting in good p-type TE properties."
In addition to Ren, authors on the paper include Ching-Wu "Paul" Chu, chief scientist at the Texas Center for Superconductivity at UH; Jiming Bao, associate professor of electrical and computer engineering at UH; Zhuan Zhu and Jing Shuai, graduate students at UH; Zihang Liu, Huiyuan Geng and Jiehe Sui of the Harbin Institute of Technology in China; Chao Wang of the University of Electric Science and Technology in China, and Yucheng Lan of Morgan State University.
Here's to another Tuesday, and another taco. I'm choosing tacos as a focus for the summer because with less effort you can still have a tasty, fun, and fresh meal literally in your hot little hands in under 45 minutes, and probably in a lot less with some shortcuts of store bought salsa or toppings borrowed from the salad bar at Whole Foods or wherever. Tacos are also a great way to feature the peak produce, either locally grown and in season or exciting tropical fruits and vegetables.
The focus of today's taco is a smoky rub, made from pre-ground pantry spices, that can be applied to roasted or grilled things to fill up tacos. In this instance cauliflower gets the rub-down; this aromatic blend adheres wonderfully to mild cauliflower (and a big sweet locally grown carrot), and when roasted to perfection is both toothsome and surprisingly hearty for an all-veggie taco filling. The toppings are what I have on hand, in this instance a ripe mango and and some scallions that had to be used ASAP…but I'll confese making a run to the store to find a perfectly ripe avocado, because some corners can't be cut.
I love this rub and will likely feature it on upcoming Taco Tuesdays, so if you do find yourself with extra rub I'll find a good and proper use for you very soon! Or you could use it right now to rim the glass of a spicy margarita, made with a little mezcale, please.
Cauliflower Chipotle Tacos with Mango Lime Salsa
Makes about 6 tacos
I had some parsley to use, so into the salsa it went too!
Chipotle rub
1 tablespoon chipotle chile powder
1 tablespoon sweet or hot paprika
1 1/2 teaspoons garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon smoked salt or sea salt
Mango Lime Salsa
1 mango, diced into 1/2 inch cubes
1/2 cup finely diced red onion
Handful finely chopped fresh cilantro or parsley
1 scallion, root ends trimmed and thinly sliced
1 jalapeño chile, seeded and minced (optional)
2 tablespoons lime juice
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
Sea salt to taste
Chipotle Cauliflower Tacos
1 head cauliflower
1 large carrot
Olive oil or olive oil cooking spray
Corn or wheat flour tortillas
Sliced avocado or guacamole
1. In a small cup combine together the rub ingredients. Preheat oven to 400 degrees and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Slice the cauliflower into quarters, slice away and discard the thick inner stems and leaves. Slice the cauliflower into bite-sized pieces about 1/2 inch thick. Peel and slice the carrot into strips about 1/4 inch thick. Pour the vegetables into a bowl, sprinkle on the rub and gently toss the veggies until coated with the rubbing spices.
2. Drizzle or spray the baking sheet with olive oil, then into a single layer spread the vegetables. Drizzle or spray veggies with oil, pop into the oven and roast for 18 minutes. Remove from oven, gently stir the vegetables and roast another 5 minutes or until tender and golden brown. While the vegetables are roasting, combine all of the salsa ingredients in a bowl.
3. To serve, heat the tortillas until soft, pile with veggies and top with mango salsa and avocado/guacamole. Stop reading this and eat some tacos already!
Related posts:
The Pentagon has requested $220.3 million in 2014 to bolster Israel's “Iron Dome” missile defense system despite broader cuts to US military spending, according to budget documents.
The US Missile Defense Agency also is asking for an additional $175.9 million in fiscal year 2015 for Israel's homegrown missile defense network, according to the agency's budget proposal posted online.
The Pentagon already invested $204 million on the system in 2011 and $70 million in 2012.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel promised in talks in March with his Israeli counterpart, Ehud Barak, who has since retired, that Washington would continue to fund anti-missile weaponry, including Iron Dome, despite fiscal pressures.
The budget details emerged before Hagel's planned visit to Israel next week, his first as defense secretary.
The Republican majority in the House of Representatives in May 2012 called for additional funding of roughly $680 million for the Iron Dome program.
US military assistance to Israel comes to about three billion dollars a year to ensure the country's “qualitative military edge” in the region, as mandated by Congress.
For its part, Israel has spent a billion dollars on the development and production of Iron Dome batteries.
Israeli officials say the Iron Dome program proved a success in battle last year.
In eight days of fighting between Israel and Palestinian militants in November, the Israeli military said it brought down 421 of 1,354 rockets fired from the Gaza Strip.
Of those which landed, 58 hit urban areas while the rest fell in open fields, causing no damage.
Ricky Stenhouse Jr. says one of his favorite tracks is Bristol Motor Speedway. He finished 16th there in April. (Photo11: Michael Thomas Shroyer, USA TODAY Sports)
Our series of weekly NASCAR driver interviews continues with Ricky Stenhouse Jr., who is currently in his fourth season racing in the Sprint Cup Series for Roush Fenway Racing. Stenhouse is currently 20th in the point standings.
Q: What is an errand or chore in your daily life people might be surprised to learn you do yourself?
A: Well, I clean dishes. I don't like to cook, and obviously Danica (Patrick, his girlfriend) does all the cooking. So I do clean quite a lot of dishes. I'm working to get her to finish them, although she would say she cleans them more now than she used to.
I also take my garbage down the driveway. But it's a little bit different than you'd think. I put the trash in my truck, drive it all the way down my driveway to the garbage can, put it in the garbage can and then run the garbage can down to the end of the street.
So probably those two things the most. And I do my own laundry. Plus, I cut grass and spray weeds and things at the house every week. It keeps me pretty busy.
Q: If you could do any race over again, which race would you choose?
A: I'd probably like to redo my Homestead race in 2012 (when he won his second consecutive Xfinity Series championship).
Why's that?
Just so I would have enjoyed my championship more.
I remember that. In the press conference afterward, you were really down and being hard on yourself because you didn't win the race.
I wasn't real happy. Like, I was mad. I was happy we won the championship, but I really wanted to win that race, really bad. My first year we went to Homestead, we finished fourth. And I loved the racetrack. The second year, when we won the championship, we finished second in the race. So I was like, "Man, this is our chance to win the race and win the championship." I felt like that was the only thing left to do, to win the race.
But we didn't do it. We were just off. We weren't nearly as good as we were the year before, and I was frustrated the whole race.
Q: The longest race of the year is 600 miles. How long of a race could you physically handle without a driver change?
A: I've never done anything longer than 600 miles, but I feel like I could double that up, easy. I feel like I could do 1,200 miles, no problem. Even though I grew up racing short races and sprint car races, I really enjoy the long races. And if your car is good, you really enjoy it.
Q: Let's say president of NASCAR was an elected position voted on by the drivers — and you decided to run. What would one of your campaign promises be?
A: Mine would probably be to be present at all of the races and be really integrated in everything that's going on.
Q: At the start of this year, exactly 2,900 drivers had ever raced in the Sprint Cup Series. Where do you rank among those 2,900?
A: Right now, I would say not very high because I haven't really done a whole lot in the Cup Series. The way I feel about my driving and the way I go about things, I feel I would be in the top 200. Honestly, I feel nobody can drive a race car better than I can. Driving-wise, I feel like I can out-drive anybody. But as far as accomplishing stuff in the sport at the Cup level, I haven't done enough to say I would be first or 30th.
Q: What do you think your reputation is — and is that reputation accurate?
A: Everybody in the garage feels like I drive pretty hard. I'm a typical dirt racer that wants to go try different lines. When the line goes to the top of the racetrack, I feel like I'm a little bit better.
Kevin Harvick came up to me one time and said, “You were fast this weekend, so I knew I could drive into the corner a lot harder than I was” -- because he knows I drive into the corner a lot further than him. I drive the car hard. I've got to have it pretty loose for the way I drive it, and that's why we've struggled over the last few years. Our cars haven't been able to turn very good.
So I would say everybody thinks I drive the car pretty hard, and I would say that's accurate.
Q: A famous chef wants you to invest in the new restaurant he's opening, but he wants you to pick the cuisine. What type of food would your restaurant serve?
A: It would be a sweet and spicy Southern gourmet-type cuisine. There are things I like about fancy Southern food and there are things I really love from just down-home Southern cooking. So mixing those two together would probably be right up my alley.
Q: What is the most daring thing you've done outside of racing?
A: Well, I was going to go BASE jumping with (Travis) Pastrana one time, but (Jack) Roush didn't want that to happen. (Laughs)
I backflipped a dirt bike one time into a foam pit at Brian Deegan's house. They wouldn't let me do it on the dirt.
Did you make it around?
Yeah, I completed it and they were like, “You totally would have landed it!” And I'm like, “Well, let's go do it!” And they're like, “Uh-uh.” But dude, it was a blast.
Q: In a move to generate more excitement, NASCAR decides in an upcoming race they're going to require every driver to have a passenger in the car. You get to pick the passenger. Who do you choose?
A: Probably my dad. He's always raced and he took me around in cars when I was younger. I remember we'd slide around on the street sideways when I was in the passenger seat. He rode me on street bikes with the front wheels in the air and me on the back of it. One time, late at night after a race, he gave me my first ride in a sprint car while he was holding me.
So I'd pick him. I've given him a pace car ride before and he's like, “You're just dumb.” (Laughs) We were in a Mustang at Homestead and I was running like 150 (mph) getting into the corner. And he's like, “What happens if a wheel breaks?” And I'm like, “Well, I haven't really thought about that.” So I think it would be fun to give him a ride since he always gave me rides and got me into racing. And he'd love it.
Q: Who will win the Sprint Cup in 2021?
A: I think I could. We're on a progression and getting better. I think we're capable of making the Chase this year, but I don't think we're capable of going out and winning the championship. But if we continue the progress, by then we'll be competing to win the championship.
Q: I've been asking each driver to give me a question for the next interview. The last interview was with Ryan Newman, and his question is: What is your favorite all-time dirt track and favorite all-time asphalt track?
A: That's tough. There are so many good ones. I raced this place in sprint cars that was really fun, it was Crossville (Raceway) in Tennessee. My favorite asphalt track? I've really enjoyed Bristol, and the Crossville track is really similar to Bristol. It's like a dirt version of Bristol. That's one thing I was always jealous of, is when they put dirt on Bristol. I wish I could have raced on that.
And do you have a question for the next interview?
I know there are two drivers in the garage who eat livermush -- Dale Earnhardt Jr. and I eat it (Stenhouse was snacking on livermush during the interview). We've even talked about going to the Livermush Festival one time in North Carolina.
My dad grew up in North Carolina and ate it then, so I grew up eating it. My grandma used to ship it to us in Mississippi. And I've gotten Danica to like it now. So my question for the next driver is: Have they ever eaten livermush? And if not, would they want to try it?
Follow Gluck on Twitter @jeff_gluck
PHOTOS: Ricky Stenhouse Jr. and Danica Patrick
JOHANNESBURG—In an irritated battle of wills, South African officials slammed the door Monday on any possibility of banning vuvuzelas at the World Cup. Hundreds of millions of soccer viewers got their collective foot caught. Nobody could hear them scream.
A Japan supporter blows a vuvuzela before their Group E match Monday against Cameroon in Mangaung/Bloemfontein. ( GABRIEL BOUYS / AFP )
Vuvuzelas are here to stay and will never be banned, tournament communications chief Rich Mkhondo told reporters. Look at them as part of our culture. As our guests, please embrace our culture, please embrace the way we celebrate. The implied rebuke of tournament boss and national hero Danny Jordaan, who seemed to suggest Sunday that the horn might soon drone its last, shows just how deeply all this complaining has offended South Africans. That's fine. But might we gently suggest that our cultural sensitivity stops somewhere around 80 decibels. And if so, let's leave South African vuvuzelas, Danish death metal and NASCAR sitting in customs. Forever.
Article Continued Below
Over here, where they're celebrated, locals are protesting that there is an art to playing the vuvuzela. Getting a trumpet sound out of one — instead of a wet splutter — takes a bit of practice. Once you've managed that much, you might eventually learn to create a honk that could be described as musical. Barely. At a South African professional soccer match, the vuvuzelas form an organized chorus. Fans combine playing with dancing and chanting. The vuvuzela drone rises and falls depending on the action. Here at the World Cup, we've already seen astounding choreographed cheers in the stands, the vuvuzelas being tossed about in concert like conductor's batons. What we haven't done is heard any of them, because the amateurs in the crowd are blowing their brains out non-stop. Those guests Mkhondo is talking about? They're the ones driving you crazy. Estimates are that 650,000 vuvuzelas — which sell here for as little as 20 rand ($2.70) — were bought up before the tournament.
Starting Friday, they were suddenly available at every stoplight. Street hawkers catering to passing tourists are jacking the prices up nearly tenfold. Judging by the fans entering the parks — most of whom appear to be learning (badly) as they go — business is good. Okay, so if the vuvuzela is here to stay, why can't they just block them out on the televised feed? Not so easy, say the experts.
Article Continued Below
Apparently, the low drone of a vuvuzela operates on a similar frequency to the human voice. Eliminating the horns also dampens the sound of the TV announcer's patter. Many of you have already resorted to that zero sum solution by muting games. Sound engineers working here have talked about another sort of “art” — that of getting an audible feed set up at all. They're quite pleased with themselves. You're not. You can't figure out how to work the remote, so they'd like to collectively invite you to come on over and try to do better. I'm not trying to scare you, but it gets worse. In an effort to speed his journey to some special place in aural Hell, Mkhondo warned that the vuvuzela is coming to your town. “The vuvuzela is now an international instrument,” Mkhondo said. “People will buy them and stuff them in their suitcases and take them home.” No. No, you can't. ckelly@thestar.ca
Image copyright YouTube/Abandoned Country Image caption Just some of the worthless banknotes found at an old mine near Moscow
A group of explorers in Russia have found around a billion roubles in old Soviet money at an abandoned mine, but it's all completely worthless.
The group from Saint Petersburg, who publish a blog on abandoned sites across Russia, came across the money after following rumours that large quantities of cash had been dumped in old missile silos near Moscow after the collapse of the Soviet Union, the Komsomolskaya Pravda news website reports. After travelling for several hours across rough terrain in Russia's Vladimir region, they found the mine overflowing with cash.
The site contains an estimated one billion roubles ($18m; £13.5m at current exchange rates, or $33.3m at the "official" Soviet rate in 1991) in Soviet Union banknotes of various denominations issued between 1961 and 1991, all no longer legal tender in the Russian Federation. The mine had been flooded in recent years, leaving what was essentially a swamp of banknotes bearing the face of Vladimir Lenin, the explorers' YouTube channel shows.
According to their account of events, elderly locals told the team about the mine, but said that nobody dared go near the place because it was linked to the Soviet Union's ballistic missile programme, and contaminated with radiation. However, Geiger counters showed that this was not the case.
More still to be found?
Team member Olga Bogdanova said that the sight of such "riches" was difficult to convey in words. "There's delight and some sadness, because you realise that this is a bygone era which will never return, that all this money would have been more than enough for anybody," she said. Just 100 roubles would have been a very good salary back in Soviet times.
Fellow explorers Anton Alekseev and Sergey Volkov were subsequently interviewed on Rossiya1 television, where the presenter noted that the cash was dumped following a government decision at the end of the Soviet Union, and that this might be one of at least three such sites across Russia.
The video has caught the imagination of social media users, many of whom wish that the cash was still legal tender. "I would dive in there like Scrooge McDuck," says one user, while another exclaimed, "I wish I could have a time machine, return with a pack of those banknotes and buy myself a controlling stake in Google, Gazprom, Rosneft, and never work again."
Image copyright YouTube/Abandoned Country Image caption Blogger Anton Alekseev stands on a sodden pile of old Soviet banknotes
Reporting by Maria Kiseleva, Alistair Coleman
Next story: French Polynesia yacht wreck leads to drug problem
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
InDesign scripts
All InDesign scripts on this site are compatible with InDesign versions CS3 up to the latest version of CC.
Intro
General information and disclaimers. Installing, running, and modifying scripts. Contact information.
Links and resources
A collection of links and resources on scripting and GREP which I have found useful, informative, and otherwise noteworthy.
Batch-convert/export files
Export documents by the folder to PDF, IDML, (INX), JPEG, PNG, RTF, or package them or convert large numbers of InDesign, PageMaker, or QuarkXPress documents to your version of InDesign.
Notes: endnotes, end-of-book notes, running-header references; margin notes; inline notes
Various scripts to deal with different types of note in InDesign documents: convert footnotes to endnotes (pre- and post-CC2018) or margin notes; convert footnotes to end-of-book notes; convert footnotes to column-spanning footnotes; set footnotes in columns; convert static endnotes (e.g. pre-CC2018 endnotes imported with an MS Word file) to dynamic endnotes; add hyperlinks to footnotes for PDF navigation. Also a script to deal with inline notes (or notes set in another note's breakline). And a script to add page-references to endnote numbers in running headers. CC2018: convert footnotes to endnotes and vice versa. CC2019: set table footnotes under the table.
Spread rotation
Spreads can be rotated using some deeply embedded menu commands. A script can make these commands much more accessible.
Rotate many spreads
If you have many spreads to rotate, even the more easily accessible menu commands for rotating spreads are no good at all. Time for a script to rotate all spreads that contain rotated text frames.
Beginning ScriptUI (or, ScriptUI for dummies)
An introduction to ScriptUI, Adobe's dialog model for CS and CC applications. This is a PDF with some explanation of the basics of the model.
Drop digits (number-span elision)
Drop digits in number ranges (a.k.a. number-span elision; condensing inclusive numbers).
Show a document's fonts
From CC 2014, InDesign's 'Find Font' dialog no longer shows the type and status of a document's fonts. The script fixes that.
Adjust prices
This script is a combination of Olav Kvern's "PriceUpdateByString" script and Steve Wareham's "number_adjuster" (and adds some functionality).
Go to a page in any book document
Using InDesign's Go-to Page tool you can go to another page in the active document. However, to go to a page in another document in an active Book file, you first have to activate or open that document, then go to the page. The script, which can be deployed as a replacement of InDesign's tool, fixes that.
Go to the master spread applied to the active page
To access the master spread applied to the active page, you have to open the Pages panel, find out which master was applied, then look up the master in the Pages panel, and, finally, double-click the master. The script jumps straight to the master spread applied to the active spread. No need for the Pages panel.
Language-aware paragraph sorting
Sort paragraph (or lines) according to the sort rules of the document's language. Formatting remains intact. (For a simpler sorter, see here.)
Language-aware paragraph sort – light
The script sorts paragraphs according to the rules of the document's default language. It cannot deal with formatted lists: but this one, which is also more configurable, can.
Various GREP utilities
Several scripts here. – Show the scope of each GREP wildcard and character class (InDesign has more than 50 now) – InDesign's menu for inserting various GREP items (classes, modifiers, match constructs, etc.) is hopelessly incomplete; a script remedies that – The Find/Change dialog is a very tight place: a simple GREP editor makes life easier – Manage GREP queries with more ease than the Find/Change dialog allows: display an overview of your GREP queries; chain queries; copy expressions to GREP styles; execute queries and collect the found results in a new document, optionally with page numbers – Print an overview of all GREP queries in the user folder – Print an overview of all GREP styles used in a document.
Indexes and concordances
Create concordance (index of a word in its contexts); create indexes without using InDesign's index feature; add topics and page references from character styles, conditions, or using a word list; display index statistics; convert page references to text; rebuild index for text markers.
Enter/create accented characters
Enter accented characters using easy-to-remember keystrokes; combine letters and accents; enter characters by their Unicode value. Script now handles some accents below in any font.
Enter/create Classical Greek characters
Enter Classical (polytonic) Greek characters using easy-to-remember keystrokes.
Kerning
InDesign doesn't let you modify kerning tables, but with a script you can apply your own kerning tables.
Create kerning report
If you have a document with lots of manually kerned pairs, you can use this script to create kerning tables that can be used by the kern script, above.
Show menu actions
The script displays a list of menu actions, which can be filtered and sorted for ease of reference.
Manage text anchors
It's not possible in InDesign to get an overview of what a document's text anchors (a.k.a. Hyperlink Text Destinations) are used for. The script does give you such an overview and lets you delete any unused anchors, and adds some more functionality.
Place multiple Word documents in one InDesign document
Place any combination of selected doc, docx, and rtf files in one InDesign document.
Manage missing glyphs
InDesign shows missing glyphs as pink boxes. The script can be used to list all missing glyphs in a document and to apply a font to them.
Catalogue of InDesign's icons
Create your own catalogue of the icons used throughout InDesign's interface.
Title case
InDesign applies title case indiscriminately. The script lets you define words that should be ignored. In addition, the script can often be used without selecting text: it recognises the state of the cursor: whether it's placed in italic text or surrounded by quotation marks.
Exchange thousands separators and decimal indicators (dots/commas) in numbers
Change English-style thousands separators and decimal separators to non-English style and vice versa.
Go to line
InDesign has a Go-to Page jumper, but you can't jump to a certain line on a page. The script fixes that: select the nth line on a page counted from the top or the bottom of a page or n lines down/up from the cursor position.
Export a book or document to PDF and remember the export name, path, and preset
InDesign's PDF export doesn't which name, path and preset you used for a book or a document. It also insists on exporting to interactive PDF. The script fixes that by storing these data in document and book labels.
Export book documents individually
"Export book to PDF" in the book panel's flyout always creates a single PDF file. The script exports all documents in a book to separate PDFs. You can opt to export documents whole, by alternate layout, page by page, or section by section.
Hyphenation/word division
Some utilities to deal with hyphenation: collect all hyphenated words and place them in a new document; batch-correct hyphenation errors; show how InDesign breaks selected words.
Remove spurious white space
The script removes leading, trailing, and duplicate white space. Optionally change all caps to sentence case.
Shortcut for applying semibold
You can define shortcuts for applying italics, bold, and other font styles, but not for semibold. This is easily remedied by a script. Set a shortcut to the script and use semibold when the current font family has semibold; if it doesn't, bold is applied.
Unembed embedded images
Pasted images (images without a link in the Links panel) and embedded images make bloated documents. The script unembeds embedded images and saves pasted images to disk, creating links in the process.
Add vertical rules to selected paragraphs
You can define horizontal rules (one before, one after) in InDesign's paragraphs, but not vertical rules. The script fixes that.
Highlighting word- and letter-spacing overrides
The scripts highlight paragraphs with overridden word and/or letter spacing.
Highlight No Break
Like word and letter spacing, the No Break attribute is not easily visible. The script highlights all text to which No Break has been applied.
Script launcher
The easy way to run a script: a script launcher with a configurable history list. Much more convenient than InDesign's script palette. It's the script I use most often, naturally -- couldn't live without it.
Show/set text variables
Display the names and values of custom text variables in a document; change them easily and create new variables conveniently. New version for CC, works in CS6 and earlier too.
Sort tables
Sort a table on up to three columns. Formatting can be preserved.
Merge tables
Merge all selected tables.
Quickmark
Leave a bookmark at the cursor position, go somewhere else in your document, and fly back to your bookmark later.
You can contact me .
Author: Zbyněk Buřival
Published: 08.11.2018 10:55
Last updated: 08.11.2018 10:55
Rožná is the European Unions last operating uranium mine. Although the mine is located in Dolní Rožínka, its underground span reaches under several other localities. Being one of the last european ore mines, the Rožná is a great place to see a classic example of underground mining.
View over the Rožná mine. The shaft on the left is R1 (main mining shaft) and the right one is R3 Jasan (now emergency exit). Photo: Zbyněk Buřival
Some numbers
The Rožná mine is operating under various names since 1957. During this period the mine produced 19,500 t of uranium (20 % of total Czech production). During communism the yearly production from all Rožná mines was about 400-450 t and in 90. the severely reduced mine still produced 300-350 t of uranium per year. Total mining production is over 16.3 million tonnes of ore with average 0.119 % of uranium. Underground includes 6.7 km of main shafts, over 500 km of adits and more than 100 km of vertical mining chimneys. The mine has 24. levels and the total depth is 1200 m from surface. During its history the Rožná mine employed over 30,000 people and the staff went from 4,000 employees in communism era to around 1,000 employees now.
Left: Technical shaft B1 near Bukov, now used only for material transportation. Right: Main mining shaft R1 in Dolní Rožínka. Both photos: Zbyněk Buřival
The beginning
The first signs of uranium ores were discovered as radiometric anomalies in 1954. After a short but intensive period of exploration, the construction of the first shaft R1 was started in 1957. In 1958, Rožná became an independent state company, and in 1959 the ore field in the vicinity of the Olší village became a separate mine. In 1963, the Rožná mine itself was split into 2 units - Rožná I and Rožná II. By then there was total of 71 km of adits and 11 km of various shafts, and the mine produced over 580,000 tonnes of uranium ore - the most productive the mine would ever be.
Processing plant was built in late 50s near the mine. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival
Good years
After this rocket start, the Rožná mines continued producing steadily. Mine development continued, with the construction of many new shafts and adits, as well as continuous modernization. In 1970, after the R1 shaft reached the 12th mining level, it was decided that a new shaft designated R7S - which could be constructed faster and more cheaply - be built from the 12th level to the 24th. Utilizing the R3 Jasan (formerly the Rožná II mine) as the main mining shaft must have seemed like a good idea at the time, but it later became evident that this was had been a costly mistake, both financially and in terms time spent transporting the ore. Despite this, the steady evolution and mining continued until 1987 when uranium mining was curtailed.
Left: The oldest R1 shaft with wooden frame is the main shaft. Right: The much newer R7S serves as main transport channel from 12th level down to 24th level. Both photos: Zbyněk Buřival
The unwanted mine
The early 90s. were a disaster for the mining industry in the Czech Republic. After fall of communism, many state owned mines were privatized and a fair number of those were subsequently closed. Many were sold for next to nothing or closed for various political reasons. For those who had lived during the communist era, uranium mines in particular were an unpleasant reminder of those days, rendering them extremely unpopular. Additionally, the closed mines became an economic or environmental problem. This era left the entire state economy scarred, and some 20 or so years later we are still paying for it.
Left: The mine locomotive on the 12th level inside the mine. Right: The old-fashioned chain dressroom used in many mines decades ago. Both photos: Zbyněk Buřival
Casualities of this period were many: the nearby independent mine in Olší was closed down completely. The Rožná mine was luckier: production remained more than adequate, and despite tremendous pressure to shut it down, the mine was only reduced to smaller size and changed over to selective mining. In 1995 came the stupidest idea yet: the decision to shut down the Rožná II mine. Rožná I and II are still connected underground and via most modern part of the mine: the off-centered shaft R3, but the R3 was also shut down and now serves only as an emergency exit. The operating portion of the mine now uses the very old R1 shaft and its more outdated system of transportation.
Carbide lamps were used when the mine started. Now the miners use modern electric lamps. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival
And here is where the 1970 decision to build the blind R7S shaft backfired completely: instead of the more efficient pre-1991 arrangement, carts now had to be hauled from the mining site on levels 22.-24. to the R7S shaft, and taken up to the 12th level. From there, they must be transported 2 km to shaft R1, and from there to the surface. This effectively cripples both the speed at which ore can be mined and production once it is on the surface. Unfortunately, there is no going back: even using the R3 is impossible because of the different technology employed there.
Left: The mining blocks are blasted, scraped and then collapsed. Right: Small chimneys connect main levels with mining blocks and serve as a transport also for the uranium ore down into the carts. Both photos: Zbyněk Buřival
The 1990s also ushered in an era when investment into further exploration, modernization and growth of Rožná mine was almost nonexistent, and the situation has not improved. More than once, the mine has been on the verge of shutting down. Additionally, as it has remained under the ownership of the state, all profits from Rožná mine are funneled into either the reclamation of other mining sites or directly into the state budget, effectively preventing any serious investment into mine development or exploration.
Underground railway station connecting shafts R1 and R7S on the 12th level. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival
The future of the mine was especially uncertain between 1997-2007; currently the mine will remain open until ore extraction becomes unprofitable. Sadly, without any reasonable exploration and with lack of investment it is just a matter of few years. The only bright spots - if they can be called that - in the mine&s future would be the construction of underground gas storage chambers and testing for nuclear waste repository.
Service adit on the 12th level with spare parts. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival
The ore processing plant
The mine has its own processing plant producing ammonium diuranate. The plant was built in late 50s and its planned lifespan was 8-10 years. After several patches and bypasses it still works. The processing facility is also responsible for managing settling pond and water treatment. Despite very old uranium processing technology, the water cleaning facilities are modern and highly effective. The processing plant is the last one in the whole country and processes also all the wastewaters from the cleaning facilities at closed uranium mines.
Left: Ponds and towers of processing plant. Right: The processing plant is very long behind its planned lifespan. Both photos: Zbyněk Buřival
Geology of the deposit
The whole area belongs to Strážek unit. The main rocks are cordierite-biotite or amphibole-biotite gneisses, often heavily migmatized. These rocks form a huge Rožínka-Olší N-S anticline and the adjacent Rozsochy (the location of the Rožná mine) and Olší (the former location of to be Olší mine) synclines . The gneisses contain abundant smaller bodies, veins and lenses of amphibolites, marbles, erlans, quartzites, serpentinites and pyroxenites. Also some small syenite and granite intrusions are present.
Construction of the new adit to access new mining blocks. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival
Mineralogy
There were several stages of mineralization: for simplicity we will consider three major periods. The first are quartz-sulfide and carbonate-sulfide formations. The main minerals from this stage include quartz, calcite, siderite, ankerite, pyrite and, less commonly, sphalerite, galena and others. Pre-uranium minerals are probably of prevariscan age.
Adits connecting the mining blocks with the shaft. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival
The uranium mineralization itself is connected to the huge N-S mylonite zone, in which it forms impregnation or zones within metamorphic or granitic rocks. Most of the uranium precipitated directly inside the fault zone and perpendicular shears. Heavily altered porous rocks around this fault zone also contain a significant amount of uranium minerals. The uranium ores are represented mostly by uraninite, antraxolite and brannerite. Less common is coffinite and in deep parts of the deposits also U-rich zircons or U-Zr silicates are present. Very interesting were selenides, which were unfortunately found in already abandoned parts of the mine. Most of the uranium ores are variscan but some parts were remobilised at least once.
Rich uranium ore part inside the mine. The black material is mostly graphite with some uranium minerals, yellow coatings are ochres after decomposed pyrite. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival
The post-uranium mineralization is triassic in age, and includes an abundance of calcite, quartz and various sulfides like pyrite, chalcopyrite, chalcotite, arsenopyrite, sphalerite and galena. Collectors might also find zeolites like harmotome.
Small bottle with ammonium diuranate known as yellow cake - the final product of ore processing plant. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival
Generally, the Rožná deposit is not a very nice locality for collectors. Most uranium ores are just microscopic impregnations: veins with pockets are very rare. The better shallow parts of the mine are long abandoned and deeper parts lack interesting minerals.
Settling pond is located between the R1 shaft area and processing plant. Behind the pond is barely visible R3 Jasan shaft. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 2, 2016, 3:34 AM GMT / Updated Feb. 2, 2016, 3:34 AM GMT By Tim Stelloh
Thirty-four "persons of interest" have been identified in an alleged weekend assault on three black college students in Albany, N.Y., that officials have described as a racially motivated.
In an email to students and faculty on Monday, State University of New York at Albany Police Chief J. Frank Wiley said that 16 of those people had already been interviewed about the incident, which took place on a city bus early Saturday morning on the school's campus.
The three female students reported being “harassed and assaulted” by a group of 10 to 12 white men and women, University President Robert J. Jones said in a statement Saturday, adding that "racial slurs were used by the perpetrators.
One of the victims was transported to a local hospital, NBC affiliate WNYT reported. Her injuries were not identified.
“I am deeply concerned, saddened and angry about this incident,” Jones said. “There is no place in the UAlbany community for violence, no place for racial intolerance and no place for gender violence.”
In an earlier email, Wiley said that the “encounter began off-campus with verbal exchanges,” but it had turned physical by the time the bus arrived at the university's main campus, just north of downtown Albany.
Authorities were reviewing cell phone video and footage from bus cameras, Wiley said.
On Monday afternoon, many of the hundreds who attended a rally in support of the victims chanted “black girls matter,” WNYT reported.
“It's heartbreaking to hear something like that is happening in such a fine institution, in such a diverse community in 2016,” Darius Fair, a junior at the school, told the station earlier Monday.
The allegations come at a time of racial turmoil at several university campuses around the country.
In November, University of Missouri president Tim Wolfe resigned amid growing protests over his handling of racism on campus. In California, the dean of Claremont McKenna College resigned after similar criticism, NBC Los Angeles reported, and protests have erupted at Yale University in Connecticut and Princeton in New Jersey.
Stewart Haas Racing co-owner Gene Haas' Haas F1 Team will become the first American-owned Formula 1 team since 1986. (Photo: Sam Sharpe, USA TODAY Sports)
One year from this weekend, Formula 1's biggest race — the Monaco Grand Prix — will likely feature an American-owned team for the first time since 1986. And by then, the two Haas F1 Team cars will have competed in several races.
Gene Haas, the co-owner of NASCAR's Stewart-Haas Racing, is the man behind Haas F1 Team. Headquartered in Kannapolis, N.C. with a base in Banbury, England, Haas F1 Team has a technical partnership with Ferrari for its engines and is working with Italian-based Dallara for its chassis.
So what's the status of the team now? Haas sat down with USA TODAY Sports to provide an update:
Q: What's your personal level of excitement as your first grand prix as an owner gets closer?
A: It'll be awesome. It should be a numbing experience. The biggest thing is the newness of the experience. It's like being in your 20s again. You don't have any idea how this all works. It's all new and that's the fun part of it. Once you do something for 10 or 15 years, you kind of know exactly what's going to happen. When we go to the track, we really don't.
The other thing is the logistics of all these people. You look at the cars — the choreographing of all this stuff coming together — it's just totally different than what we do here. That's kind of the exciting part of it.
Plus, open-wheel racing has been around a long time and it's kind of fun to be able to participate in what's evolved over the last 60 or 70 years and be part of it.
Q: You recently attended the Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona. Has the F1 paddock accepted your team as something that will become a reality?
A: You know, I think there's maybe less skepticism, but I think there are still some questions as to what kind of team we'll be — whether we'll be competitive. There are a lot of unknowns as far as what people can see.
They've always been pretty friendly. Everybody in the paddock says hello and greets you. … People talk to us a lot more in concrete ways.
Q: In January, you bought the Banbury, England, facility of the bankrupt Marussia team. But you already built a headquarters building in North Carolina. Will the team now be doing less work in the U.S. than you originally intended?
A: When we started, we had a plan, and that was to hire the best people we could and do everything out of Kannapolis. That changed.
I think it's a learning experience. Once we got our license and we got more into it, it became apparent that without some kind of technological partner, we would really be struggling.
Initially, we were fairly ignorant. When we got a little involved and started to make contacts with various people, we started to learn fairly quickly there's a lot to learn. To sit there and say you can build a car on your own without any help from someone who is knowledgeable is foolish. We didn't go down that path.
Q: So will you be an American-owned team that's based in Europe?
A: I think the idea is to learn as much as we can from whoever we can. We're dealing with Ferrari a lot on technical aspects. Dallara is also helping us in the design and building of the chassis. The idea is once we get over this initial hurdle, then to start bringing some pieces of the car back into the U.S.
We have the ability to do carbon fiber layup and machining (in Kannapolis). The machine shop is making parts for wind tunnel testing we're doing. … As time goes on, more and more of that will be done in the United States. The Banbury facility is more (about) logistics; when the car comes back (from races) and where we have to store cars and stuff like that.
Q: Has there been any progress on the search for your two drivers?
A: I think the seriousness of the interest is picking up quite a bit. Right now there's a lot of churning in the garage there in Formula 1. Some people are doing really well and everybody else is doing really bad. (Laughs) Some of the teams they thought would do good really missed it.
The drivers we would probably be getting are drivers who have gone to another team and aren't happy with that team's progress. It's a real chess game of figuring out who is going to wind up where. We're just another alternative.
I think drivers are very cognizant of the fact that if they choose the wrong venue, they can screw their careers. Because when there are technological issues they haven't overcome, they're wasting a whole year. And they don't like to do that.
PHOTOS: KEY MOMENTS IN THE 2015 NASCAR SEASON
It's been nearly three months since It's been nearly three months since Edward Snowden started telling the world about the National Security Agency's mass surveillance of global communications.
After the last week report that the National Security Agency has leveraged its cooperative relationships with specific industry partners to insert vulnerabilities into Internet security products.
Bitcoin , a virtual currency, a peer-to-peer electronic cash system, which is generated on a logarithmic scale by dedicated miners who run software that generate the complex hash codes which make up a Bitcoin.
SHA-256, which was designed by the NSA and published by the National Institute for Standards and Technology (NIST). The integrity of Bitcoin depends on a hash function called, which was designed by the NSA and published by the National Institute for Standards and Technology (NIST).
Is it hard to believe that could the intelligence community have a secret exploit for Bitcoin? While there is no evidence yet to support the speculation.
If you assume that the NSA did something to SHA-256, which no outside researcher has detected, what you get is the ability, with credible and detectable action, they would be able to forge transactions. The really scary thing is somebody finds a way to find collisions in SHA-256 really fast without brute-forcing it or using lots of hardware and then they take control of the network.” Cryptography researcher Matthew D. Green of Johns Hopkins University ” Cryptography researcher Matthew D. Green of Johns Hopkins University said
Bitcoin has recently added in the watchlist of the New York Department of Financial Services, the California Department of Financial Institutions and U.S Government is asking all intelligence agencies for information on how it plans to deal with Bitcoin.
The NSA apparently possesses groundbreaking capabilities against encrypted voice and text communication and has invested billions of dollars since 2000 to make nearly everyone's secrets available for government consumption by cracking every encryption. But we don't know precisely how much, maybe including Bitcoin too?
"Bitcoin was the last thing on which I trusted blindly over the internet and If someday another Snowden will reveal that this really happens, I would just switch off my life from the Digital World.", Aman Srivastava, Bitcoin user of the Silk Road and other underground marketplaces. Last month, we reported an Android security vulnerability which resulted in the theft of coins, because of Weak random number generators (RNGs) was implicated in Bitcoin. Is it possible that this vulnerability was known to be weak by the NSA, and that bitcoin thieves simply stumbled upon the security hole first?", Aman Srivastava,of the Silk Road and other underground marketplaces.
Even today it's too early to come to conclusions about Bitcoin. Possibly it was designed from day one as a tool to help maintain control of the money supplies of the world.
Further, cryptographers at Johns Hopkins University are creating a another anonymous system called Zerocoin that would be a Inception like an alternative currency to the Bitcoin.
On June 1, 2011 Tennessee lawmakers passed a new bill that makes sharing login information for sites that provide music and movies, such as Netflix and Napster, illegal.[1] The law, pushed for by recording industry professionals, is the first of its kind in that it is actually an update for a bill originally existing to punish cable theft now targeting the Internet.
While the law punishes people for sharing passwords, it is really aimed at those sharing and selling their passwords in large quantities- up to $500 in theft resulting in a misdemeanor, and anything else after that a felony.[2]
Reaction to the Law [ edit ]
Initial reaction to the law was negative from social network users. Many see the issue in the same light as with music piracy, the main idea being "I bought it, so I can do whatever I want with it."[citation needed]
Canadian born black-belt, embedded resident of Rio, and renowned half-guard practitioner, Jake Mackenzie is a certified gringo legend of jiu-jitsu competition in Brazil, competing in around 200 tournaments since his debut in 2002. He is a multiple time Brazilian National Teams Champion representing GFTeam and a 2-time black-belt Brazilian National No-Gi Champion. Jake has an unquenchable thirst for jiu-jitsu competition and the lifestyle of travel and adventure that accompanies it.
I had a chance to pick the brain of this self-professed “jiu-jitsu nerd” on his experiences of competing in the cradle of jiu-jitsu.
When was your first experience competing in Brazil? What was that like?
My first tournament in Brazil was the 2003 Mundial in Tijuca Tennis Club.
I remember being super nervous because I couldn't understand the names they were saying in Portuguese and I was so worried about not understanding my name when they called me. I ended up losing the first match, but I remember the energy and all the great matches at black belt! It was amazing to participate in three Mundials in Rio, I wish the IBJJF would bring the worlds back to Brazil at some point. But I highly doubt that will happen.
As a ridiculously well-travelled competitor – can you think of any nuances that separate competing in Brazil from anywhere else?
I believe the talent pool is still much deeper in Brazil, especially in states like Rio, São Paulo and Manaus. Every state you go to in Brazil has super tough guys to compete against, but, if you go to one of these hubs there is going to be several top level guys in each division. The major international tournaments are all outside of Brazil now, but all the guys that are winning are still from Brazil. Many of the best instructors live in California, NY, etc. But all them made their way and sharpened their skills in the jiu-jitsu scene in Brazil.
What is your most memorable moment or moments competing on the mats in Brazil?
I have had so many great memories over my career, but by far the biggest one that sticks out is the Brazilian National Teams Title in 2010. I had been training and competing for about 4 months at GFTeam and was selected to be one of the 5 competitors on their A squad for the National Team Tournament.
In the history of the tournament there had never been a three-time Champion at black belt. GFTeam had won 2008 and 2009 and was looking to be the first 3-time champion. Atos showed up with a killer team, Rafael Mendes, Guilherme Mendes, Davi Ramos, Ed Ramos, and Bruno Frazzato. Theodoro and Tanquinho ended up winning the first and third matches, but Atos took the second and fourth so we were tied 2-2. I ended up fighting the 5th and final fight and deciding the tournament. I won a great back and forth match against Ed Ramos. The fight was tied up on points and advantages until the last 10 seconds. I was able to sweep to the mount just as the match ended to get the advantage.
Given the size and prestige of the competitions that now take place in North America and even in Europe, is there any reason for someone to go out of their way to compete in Brazil?
Brazil is an amazing experience, every competitor should take the trip down and feel the energy and atmosphere of a tournament in Brazil. They have had jiu-jitsu so much longer than the rest of the world and the energy and heart you see at the tournaments is like nowhere else.
Have you seen any changes in Brazil's competition scene in all the years you have spent there?
I have seen changes over the years, but I have seen a lot of things stay the same. There have been some big improvements to the scene in Brazil, but there are also problems that still affect the sport from pushing forward. Hopefully with the IBJJF and UAEJJF doing more and more big events in Brazil, the sport continues to progress and grow.
There is always talk (mostly from disgruntled losers) of discrimination against non-Brazilians, as an embedded gringo what is your take on this?
This happens very little in my opinion. I lived 10 years in Brazil and was competing almost 15-20 tournament every year. I have had rough calls in matches, just like any competitor but I don't believe that it is because I am a gringo. I believe 99 percent of the people who complain about this don't have a solid understanding of the rules. There is so much grey area in the rules and the refs in Brazil have so much experience, so they play rules very close to the book. I have refed in Brazil as well and every tournament as a referee I have learned new details or nuances in the rules that I never knew from just competing.
Can you think of any personal anecdotes of memorable things you have seen while competing?
I went to Manaus last year for the first time to compete at the state tournament. I was blown away with how strong jiu-jitsu is there, they had 3600 competitors competing over four days. I was completely blown away with the level of the competitors I saw there. I am absolute jiu-jitsu nerd and was a big fan of the scene there before competing there, but after going and fighting there I will need to go back every year to feel that energy and jiu-jitsu culture.
Finally, any do's and don't for a first-timer competing on the mats in Brazil?
Try to find your ring coordinator to see what mat you are on, and so he knows who you are. A lot of times the Brazilians can't pronounce the gringo names properly and you might not here your name being called. As long as they know what you look like they can go find you. As far as that nothing really comes to mind. Just be as respectful as possible and be humble in victory or defeat.
Science-fiction author and historian Ada Palmer challenges readers to imagine a difficult future in which the world has solved some of its most pressing problems only to create new ones.
The first and second books in Ada Palmer's Terra Ignota series. (Photos: Tor Books)
57th Street Books is a large bookstore sprawling through the basement of a brownstone just two blocks off the main campus of the University of Chicago. Bestsellers gleam invitingly in the front room; in the back, a broad collection of esoteric books about history, mythology, and magic, among dozens of other topics, turns the store into a hall of literary curiosities.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
One day last March, Ada Palmer, an emerging star of science fiction, sat down at a small table here to launch the second book of the Terra Ignota series, Seven Surrenders. Her first book, Too Like the Lightning, nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Novel in April, introduced readers to a future in which rapid and cheap transit allows one to cross the planet in a little under two hours. It's a future in which everyone has enough to eat; "citizenship" no longer depends on geography, but on vocation or values; and gender norming and religion are both taboo. Peace is seemingly here at last, but society has made tradeoffs for these advances—Terra Ignota is a surveillance state.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Palmer came up with the idea of post-geography nationhood years ago, long before red and blue maps proliferated online after the 2016 presidential election in the United States. Someday, Palmer's work suggests, whether through virtual realities or rapid transit, humans will erode contemporary geographic borders. At the same time, her work suggests, we'll find new ways to divide ourselves—into interest-based factions devoted to pleasures and sport, versus those who want only power, for instance.
Over the course of an hour in Chicago, I sat down with Palmer in front of a small audience to discuss her work. We talked about her choice to introduce magic or miracles into an otherwise technology-driven fantasy, and the links between her work as a historian and her visions of a weird future. An excerpt from our conversation appears below.
What do newcomers need to know to get us into Terra Ignota, your debut series?
In the 25th century there are no longer geographic nations or geographically oriented citizenship. There is a system of automated flying cars that are so fast that they can get you anywhere in the world to anywhere else in the world in about two hours, which means the whole world is in commuting distance from the rest of it. You can live in the Bahamas and work in Tokyo and have lunch in Paris and your spouse or roommate can also live in the Bahamas but work in Antarctica and have lunch in Buenos Aires, and this is a perfectly reasonable day. Socially speaking, that sort of collapses the world.
Ada Palmer. (Photo: Courtesy of Ada Palmer)
Within the first few pages of Book One, you introduce Bridger, a boy who can work miracles. Why did you add this fantasy element to your sci-fi?
Bridger is a 13-year-old boy who has been raised in secret. He has—it seems—the ability to touch the representation of anything and make it become a real thing. So he has some plastic soldiers he brought to life when he was little, and a toy dog, and a doll called "Mamma Doll" that does all the cooking.
The very first idea was inspired from the line in Romeo and Juliet, "Too like the lightning, which doth cease to be. Ere one can say 'It lightens.'" I was sitting in the audience waiting for a friend's rehearsal of Romeo and Juliet and it made me think about a particular way to structure a narrative [with] something incredibly precious. No matter how important the other things are that are going on, it's more important than that. I have [world-spanning] politics [in the book] and the most important power in the world may be about to fall, but that doesn't matter compared to Bridger's power.
That sounds like the opposite of a MacGuffin, a term popularized by Alfred Hitchcock to refer to a generic plot device intended to spur the characters into action.
Right, it's the opposite. Everything else, no matter how important, is a mere MacGuffin in comparison to this new thing. I wanted to depict characters who were struggling to grapple with the pressure, and characters saying, "I worked my life for this incredibly important political thing and I'm gonna walk away" because of what Bridger means.
In science fiction, that anti-MacGuffin force is often aliens.
Yeah. And it's exactly the same narrative strength of an alien thing and the stakes have to be really high where you can say, "Would you rather have world peace or contact with aliens?"
Let's talk about world peace. Since the election of Donald Trump, there's been a lot of talk about dystopia. 1984 hit the bestseller list. The Handmaid's Tale is now on television. You've written a future that looks like a utopia, and you study an era, the Renaissance, that thought it was pretty good.
The Renaissance is so much worse than the Medieval period, so much worse. My favorite single line from anything from the Renaissance is this letter [from a friend] to Machiavelli, who had been writing a history of Florence and stopped partway through. His friend wrote, "Machiavelli, you must finish your history of Florence because without a good history of this period, future generations will never believe how bad it was and they will never forgive us for losing so much so quickly." That's the on-the-ground experience of being in the Renaissance—that it felt apocalyptic to so many of them.
The wars got bigger and bloodier, faster, and a lot of this is because of progress. Progress means more wealth and faster trade. Faster trade means diseases spread more rapidly; more wealth means armies are larger and better equipped, wars are deadlier, and all of these things makes the life expectancy go down. Wealthier, denser, more prosperous cities cram more people into a small area with more wealth and higher-stakes politics, which leads to more murder, more street violence, more upheaval. It's terrible.
But they were obsessed with the Classical era?
Everyone in the Renaissance had really strong opinions about every single ancient Roman poet and which ones were better, which were their best works, and [even] which were their best adverbs.
And how does your historical work then translate to the 25th century?
I wanted to show a future that was also using history as much as we use history. Eighteenth-century ideas are transformative in this 25th century exactly as the re-appropriated and transformed Classical ideas were a powerful catalyst of the changes that happened in the Renaissance. If we really want to talk about differences between the Middle Ages and the Renaissance, it's not that the Renaissance is better, but that the Renaissance is doing this active appropriation of antiquity, and using it to try to transform itself into something different.
Why write a utopia? What do we, as readers, get out of a utopia in this moment, when dystopias are dominating bestseller lists? You create a world that's basically working.
"Basically working" is a good descriptor because what I was after was a world that feels to us the way I think our present would feel to Voltaire—a lot of things are better. We've eradicated smallpox, our life expectancy is up, the frequency with which women die in childbirth is way down. Women have the vote.
But there's a whole bunch of other things that aren't better. If Voltaire looked forward he would say: "You guys are still working on eradicating judicial torture? We practically wiped it out in my lifetime, I was sure we were done."
I wanted to depict that—a future that is difficult. Wow, I can have a 20-hour work week, a 150-year lifespan, I can live anywhere on Earth I want to, and still see all of my friends whenever I want, and there's been 300 years of world peace. And yet there's censorship, and people are still incompetent about gender and [some] race relations, and some things that are incredibly precious to us, like religious freedom, are gone. That isn't an easy utopia. That is also not a dystopia.
I wanted to push the reader and ask—if that were the future your efforts built, would you feel your efforts had paid off?
This interview has been edited for length and clarity.
533 shares Pin
Share
Tweet
Do you have some serious Christmas spirit? Do you like to stand out?
Even though I love the holiday season, and I'm all about “crazy”, some of these Christmas tree hairstyles are a little much for me. However, that doesn't mean that countless people on the internet aren't partaking in the #ChristmasTreeHair trend.
Aside from internet trendiness, these hairstyles might even be pretty awesome to wear to an ugly-sweater party.
Here are some of the most extreme Christmas tree hairstyles I could find and some tips on how to grow your own Christmas tree hairstyle…
Extreme Christmas Tree Hair:
To make your hair look like a Christmas tree, you'll have to get it to all stand up into a triangular point.
An easy trick to making your hair stand up is to place an empty water bottle on your head, pull all your hair up, and fasten a rubber band around the top of the water bottle to hold your hair in place.
For extra hold, I'd recommend backcombing your hair with a teasing brush before adding the water bottle. You should also use some extra hold hairspray to keep the hair in place (I highly recommend BigSexyHair Backcomb in a Bottle).
Here is a tutorial by HanDIY Tutorials that shows you how simple it is to do.
Christmas Tree Hair Tutorial – Crazy Hair Day – Ugly Sweater Party
Watch this video on YouTube
Add a Hint of Color
Since Christmas trees are typically green, you can use some temporary hair color to temporarily dye your hair green. I'd recommend the spray on color since this look requires a lot of coverage.
Check out 10 Other Shades of Christmas Hair Color for some more inspiration!
Don't forget to accessorize
Finish off the look by adding tinsel, Christmas bobbles, ornaments, jewels, or whatever else you need to transform it into total Christmas tree hair.
Don't forget to top it off with a star or angel.
Your Turn: What do you think about this crazy Christmas tree hair? Would you ever wear something like this to a party? I'd love to read your feedback in the comments section below…
Did you enjoy this post? I'll love you forever if you share it with your friends on your favorite social media website…
I think you'll also like 10 Fierce Christmas Hair Ideas to Spice Up Your Holiday
or
Cindy Lou Who Hair and Makeup Tutorial
If you've ever lived with a roommate who seems to enjoy experimenting with mold in your communal fridge, you can probably appreciate this invention from Austrian design student Stefan Buchberger. The Flatshare Fridge, one of nine finalists in the Electrolux Design Lab 2008 competition, consists of up to four stackable modules on top of a base station. Each module can be further customized with add-ons like bottle openers or a whiteboard. Buchberger said he decided to create Flatshare from personal experience, after discovering that "there is nothing more disgusting than a dirty fridge in a shared flat." I had one of those experiences. One former roommate had made a creamy fruit salad in the fall, and plum forgotten about it when she moved out in the winter. I could've sworn the monstrosity that greeted me three months later asked me if I was the Gatekeeper. [Flatshare Fridge set via Electrolux
Advertisement
[Announce] [security fix] GnuPG 1.4.15 released
Hello! We are pleased to announce the availability of a new stable GnuPG-1 release: Version 1.4.15. This is a *security fix* release and all users are advised to update to this version. See below for the impact of the problem. The GNU Privacy Guard (GnuPG) is GNU's tool for secure communication and data storage. It is a complete and free replacement of PGP and can be used to encrypt data and to create digital signatures. It includes an advanced key management facility, smartcard support and is compliant with the OpenPGP Internet standard as described by RFC-4880. Note that this version is from the GnuPG-1 series and thus smaller than those from the GnuPG-2 series, easier to build, and also better portable to ancient platforms. In contrast to GnuPG-2 (e.g version 2.0.22) it comes with no support for S/MIME, Secure Shell, or other tools useful for desktop environments. Fortunately you may install both versions alongside on the same system without any conflict. What's New =========== * Fixed possible infinite recursion in the compressed packet parser. [CVE-2013-4402] * Protect against rogue keyservers sending secret keys. * Use 2048 bit also as default for batch key generation. * Minor bug fixes. Impact of the security problem ============================== Special crafted input data may be used to cause a denial of service against GPG (GnuPG's OpenPGP part) and some other OpenPGP implementations. All systems using GPG to process incoming data are affected. Taylor R. Campbell invented a neat trick to generate OpenPGP packages to force GPG to recursively parse certain parts of OpenPGP messages ad infinitum. As a workaround a tight "ulimit -v" setting may be used to mitigate the problem. Sample input data to trigger this problem has not yet been seen in the wild. Details of the attack will eventually be published by its inventor. A fixed release of the GnuPG 2.0 series has also been released. Getting the Software ==================== First of all, decide whether you really need GnuPG version 1.4.x - most users are better off with the modern GnuPG 2.0.x version. Then follow the instructions found at http://www.gnupg.org/download/ or read on: GnuPG 1.4.15 may be downloaded from one of the GnuPG mirror sites or direct from ftp://ftp.gnupg.org/gcrypt/ . The list of mirrors can be found at http://www.gnupg.org/mirrors.html . Note, that GnuPG is not available at ftp.gnu.org. On the mirrors you should find the following files in the *gnupg* directory: gnupg-1.4.15.tar.bz2 (3569k) gnupg-1.4.15.tar.bz2.sig GnuPG source compressed using BZIP2 and OpenPGP signature. gnupg-1.4.15.tar.gz (4948k) gnupg-1.4.15.tar.gz.sig GnuPG source compressed using GZIP and OpenPGP signature. gnupg-1.4.14-1.4.15.diff.bz2 (37k) A patch file to upgrade a 1.4.14 GnuPG source tree. This patch does not include updates of the language files. Select one of them. To shorten the download time, you probably want to get the BZIP2 compressed file. Please try another mirror if exceptional your mirror is not yet up to date. In the *binary* directory, you should find these files: gnupg-w32cli-1.4.15.exe (1568k) gnupg-w32cli-1.4.15.exe.sig GnuPG compiled for Microsoft Windows and OpenPGP signature. This is a command line only version; the source files are the same as given above. Note, that this is a minimal installer and unless you are just in need for the gpg binary, you are better off using the full featured installer at http://www.gpg4win.org . An updated version of gpg4win is scheduled for next week. Checking the Integrity ====================== In order to check that the version of GnuPG which you are going to install is an original and unmodified one, you can do it in one of the following ways: * If you already have a trusted version of GnuPG installed, you can simply check the supplied signature. For example to check the signature of the file gnupg-1.4.15.tar.bz2 you would use this command: gpg --verify gnupg-1.4.15.tar.bz2.sig This checks whether the signature file matches the source file. You should see a message indicating that the signature is good and made by that signing key. Make sure that you have the right key, either by checking the fingerprint of that key with other sources or by checking that the key has been signed by a trustworthy other key. Note, that you can retrieve the signing key using the command finger wk ,at' g10code.com | gpg --import or using a keyserver like gpg --recv-key 4F25E3B6 The distribution key 4F25E3B6 is signed by the well known key 1E42B367. If you get an key expired message, you should retrieve a fresh copy as the expiration date might have been prolonged. NEVER USE A GNUPG VERSION YOU JUST DOWNLOADED TO CHECK THE INTEGRITY OF THE SOURCE - USE AN EXISTING GNUPG INSTALLATION! * If you are not able to use an old version of GnuPG, you have to verify the SHA-1 checksum. Assuming you downloaded the file gnupg-1.4.14.tar.bz2, you would run the sha1sum command like this: sha1sum gnupg-1.4.15.tar.bz2 and check that the output matches the first line from the following list: 63ebf0ab375150903c65738070e4105200197fd4 gnupg-1.4.15.tar.bz2 2881c8174c15bb86ecf2e879cb7ca22c91fbcf93 gnupg-1.4.15.tar.gz 0e3a593da55be0fb9a556513ce034e13677e5ebc gnupg-1.4.14-1.4.15.diff.bz2 1adda83f3eda5a2ac6d362c294e31fbb529a03e4 gnupg-w32cli-1.4.15.exe Internationalization ==================== GnuPG comes with support for 29 languages. The Chinese (Simple and Traditional), Czech, Danish, Dutch, French, German, Norwegian, Polish, Romanian, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, Ukrainian, and Turkish translations are close to be complete. Support ======= A listing with commercial support offers for GnuPG is available at: http://www.gnupg.org/service.html The driving force behind the development of GnuPG is the company of its principal author, Werner Koch. Maintenance and improvement of GnuPG and related software take up a most of their resources. To allow them to continue their work they ask to either purchase a support contract, engage them for custom enhancements, or to donate money: http://g10code.com/gnupg-donation.html Thanks ====== We have to thank all the people who helped with this release, be it testing, coding, translating, suggesting, auditing, donating money, spreading the word, or answering questions on the mailing lists. Happy Hacking, The GnuPG Team -- Die Gedanken sind frei. Ausnahmen regelt ein Bundesgesetz. -------------- next part -------------- A non-text attachment was scrubbed... Name: not available Type: application/pgp-signature Size: 204 bytes Desc: not available URL: </pipermail/attachments/20131005/225b0605/attachment.sig>
William Donald Borders (October 9, 1913 – April 19, 2010) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the 13th Archbishop of Baltimore from 1974 to 1989, having previously served as the first Bishop of Orlando from 1968 to 1974.[1]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Borders was born in Washington, Indiana, the third of seven children of Thomas Martin and Zelpha Ann (née Queen) Borders.[2] His birth came during a flood that lifted his family's house off its foundation and forced the physician to reach their house by boat.[3] After attending Catholic elementary and high school, he began his studies for the priesthood at Saint Meinrad's Seminary in 1932.[4]
He transferred to the Archdiocese of New Orleans in Louisiana in 1936 after Archbishop Joseph Rummel made an appeal for priests and seminarians.[5] He completed his studies at Notre Dame Seminary in New Orleans.[2]
Priesthood [ edit ]
Borders was ordained a priest by Archbishop Rummel on May 18, 1940.[1] He then served as an associate pastor at Sacred Heart Church in Baton Rouge, Louisiana until 1943, when he enlisted in the U.S. Army Chaplain Corps during World War II.[2] He received a month's training at Harvard University before becoming a battalion chaplain with the 362nd Infantry Regiment of the 91st Infantry Division. His regiment trained in North Africa for the Italian Campaign. During an attack on a German position near Florence in 1944, Borders carried a wounded American soldier to safety while under machine gun fire, for which he was awarded the Bronze Star for Valor.[6]
In 1946, Borders left the military service with the rank of Major and returned to Louisiana. He briefly served as an associate pastor at Our Lady of Prompt Succor Church in Westwego, Louisiana before pursuing a graduate degree at the University of Notre Dame in his native Indiana. After earning a Master of Science degree in Education in 1947, he resumed his pastoral ministry in Louisiana as associate pastor at Our Lady of Lourdes Church in New Orleans.[4] He became an assistant chaplain of the Newman Centre at Louisiana State University, eventually rising to become its chaplain.[2] During his tenure at LSU, he spent a summer in Guatemala to better serve his Hispanic students.[7]
Borders served at LSU until 1964, except for a two-year period (1957–1959) when he served as pastor of Holy Family Church in Port Allen, Louisiana.[2] The assignment was his first pastorate, and he there demonstrated his concern for racial equality by ending segregation at the church.[7] He burned the ropes that sectioned off the African American parishioners, who gradually integrated throughout the church.[4]
In 1961, when the Diocese of Baton Rouge was created out of the Archdiocese of New Orleans, Borders was attached to the new diocese. He was raised to the rank of Domestic Prelate by Pope Paul VI in 1963, and named rector of St. Joseph Catholic School the following year. He also served as a diocesan consultor, director of seminarians, and moderator for the diocesan councils of Catholic Men and Women, and co-founded of St. Joseph Cathedral Preparatory School.[2] He attended the last two sessions of the Second Vatican Council as a peritus, or theological expert, on the priesthood and ecumenical relations.[8]
Episcopacy [ edit ]
Orlando [ edit ]
On May 2, 1968, Borders was appointed the first Bishop of the newly erected Diocese of Orlando, Florida. He received his episcopal consecration on the following June 14 from Archbishop Luigi Raimondi, with Bishops Robert Emmet Tracy and Louis Abel Caillouet serving as co-consecrators.[1] He selected as his episcopal motto: "Auscultabo ut Serviam" (Latin: "I listen that I may serve").[2]
During his tenure in Orlando, Borders laid the foundations for the new diocese while also implementing the directives of the Second Vatican Council. He oversaw the creation of parish councils and education boards, allowed the laity to serve as extraordinary ministers of Holy Communion, and formed a Sisters' Council for the nuns of the diocese.[9] He created a Social Services Board to correlate the work of already-existing agencies, and developed a comprehensive educational program aimed at coordinating efforts in Catholics schools, campus ministry, and religious education. He also initiated social outreach centers to minister to migrant workers and the poor.[2]
Borders once described himself as the "Bishop of the Moon" since the Diocese of Orlando encompassed Cape Canaveral, from where Apollo 11 launched in 1969. According to the Code of Canon Law in effect at the time, any newly discovered territory fell under the jurisdiction of the diocese whence the expedition left.[10]
Baltimore [ edit ]
Following the retirement of Cardinal Lawrence Shehan, Borders was appointed the 13th Archbishop of Baltimore, Maryland, on March 25, 1974. He was formally installed at the Cathedral of Mary Our Queen on June 26 of that year.[1] He received the pallium, a vestment worn by metropolitan bishops, from Pope Paul VI at St. Peter's Basilica on March 24, 1975.[2] As head of the nation's oldest Catholic diocese, he held the status of primus inter pares among the American Catholic bishops.
During his 15-year tenure in Baltimore, Borders divided the archdiocese into three vicariates and appointed his auxiliary bishops as vicars over them. He reorganized the Archdiocesan Central Services, naming cabinet-level secretaries to carry out the administrative work of the archdiocese.[11] He clarified and strengthened the role of the Archdiocesan Pastoral Council, and combined the Board of Consultors and the Senate of Priests to form the Priests' Council.[2] He initiated a Department of Pastoral Planning and Management looking to the future needs of the archdiocese, an Office of Fund Development to carry out an effective stewardship program, and an evangelization effort to reach the "unchurched" in the Archdiocese.[11] Instead of living at the residence at the Basilica of the Assumption, he lived alone at the former sexton's lodge, which is now the gift shop of the basilica.[5][8]
Borders became what Baltimore Magazine called the "king of the soup kitchens". Under his leadership in Baltimore, the budget for Catholic Charities grew from $2.5 million a year to $33 million a year, and its staff grew from 200 to more than 1,000. He regularly lobbied members of Congress and other government officials on behalf of the disadvantaged.[7] In the fall of 1981, in company with other leading Catholic educators, he made a three-week tour of the People's Republic of China to investigate the possibilities for an exchange of cultural and educational programs between that nation and the United States.
Borders was among those named in two lawsuits involving clergy sexual abuse, one in Baltimore in 1993 and another in Orlando in 2003. In both cases, he was accused of knowing about alleged abuse by priests in his dioceses but avoiding action against them. The conditions of the Baltimore settlement remain confidential; the Orlando case was settled without Borders' admitting any wrongdoing.[8]
As a member of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, he chaired the Committee on Education and served on the Committee on Human Values, the Administrative Board of the U.S. Catholic Conference, and the Administrative Committee of the National Conference of Catholic Bishops. He also chaired the Ad Hoc Committee for the Bicentennial of the U.S. Hierarchy.[2]
Later life and death [ edit ]
After reaching the mandatory retirement age of 75, Borders submitted his letter of resignation to Pope John Paul II, who accepted his resignation on April 6, 1989.[1] His successor was William H. Keeler, then serving as Bishop of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
In 2003, Borders moved to the Mercy Ridge Retirement Community in Lutherville, Maryland. He later moved to Stella Maris Hospice in nearby Timonium, Maryland, after being diagnosed with colon cancer.[12] He died at Stella Maris at age 96 — the fourth-oldest living Catholic bishop in the United States, and the longest-surviving of the bishops of both Orlando and Baltimore.[8][3]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Apparently there was a big enough demand from people interested in making the bread Rey rationed in Star Wars: The Force Awakens that Lucasfilm shared the official recipe.
According to the Star Wars website, the bread is pretty simple to make and can be done in under a minute. The only ingredients Star Wars-obsessed bakers will need are vegetable oil, flour, sugar, baking powder, milk and vanilla extract.
The result is green bread that resembles the one seen in The Force Awakens, which has become the second highest grossing film of all time worldwide.
The full list of ingredients and directions can be found below.
Ingredients:
1/2 teaspoon vegetable oil
4 tablespoons cake flour
1-1/2 tablespoons sugar
1/2 teaspoon matcha powder
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
pinch of salt
2 tablespoons whole milk
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
Directions:
1. Place the oil in a mug and swirl around to grease the inside.
2. Add the cake flour, sugar, matcha powder, baking powder and salt into the mug, stirring together.
3. Pour in the milk and vanilla, then cook in the microwave on high for 45 seconds.
4. Let cool slightly and serve.
What Is Carthage?
Carthage was a prosperous ancient city on the north coast of Africa (in modern Tunisia) that was founded by Phoenicians. A commercial empire, Carthage made its fortune through trade and expanded its domain across northern Africa, the area that is now Spain, and into the Mediterranean where it came into contact and conflict with the Greeks and Romans.
What Does Punic Mean?
Phoenician
Phoenician Traits
The Legend of Carthage:
Dido and the other Pygmalion
The romantic legend of the founding of Carthage is that a merchant-prince or king of Tyre gave his daughter Elissa (usually called Dido in Vergil's in marriage to his brother, her uncle, a priest of Melqart named Sichaeus, along with the kingdom.
Elissa's brother, Pygmalion [note: there is another ancient Pygmalion], had thought the kingdom would be his, and when he discovered that he had been thwarted, secretly killed his brother-in-law/uncle. Sichaeus, as a ghost, came to his widow to tell her that her brother was dangerous and that she needed to take her followers and the royal wealth that Pygmalion had appropriated, and flee.
Although certainly, the supernatural element raises questions, clearly Tyre did send out colonists. The next part of the legend plays on the characterization of Phoenicians as tricky.
After stopping at Cyprus, Elissa and her followers landed in north Africa where they asked the locals if they could stop to rest. When they were told that they could have the area that an ox hide would cover, Elissa had an ox hide cut into strips and lay them out end-to-end in a crescent circumscribing a sizeable area of land. Elissa had taken an area of the shoreline opposite Sicily that would allow the emigrants from the mercantile city of Tyre to continue to ply their expertise in trade. This ox-hide enclosed area was known as Carthage.
Eventually, the Phoenicians of Carthage branched out into other areas and started to develop an empire. They came into conflict first with the Greeks [see: Magna Graecia] and then with the Romans. Although it took three (Punic) wars with the Romans, the Carthaginians were eventually annihilated. According to another story, the Romans sprinkled the fertile land on which they lived with salt in 146 B.C. A century later, Julius Caesar proposed the establishment of a Roman Carthage on the same spot.
Points to Note
About the Carthage Founding Legend:
The Greeks and Romans considered the Phoenicians to be treacherous. In the Odyssey, Rhys Carpenter (1958: "Phoenicians in the West") says Homer calls them polypaipaloi "of many tricks". The term Punic fides "Punic faith" means bad faith or betrayal.
considered the Phoenicians to be treacherous. In the Odyssey, Rhys Carpenter (1958: "Phoenicians in the West") says Homer calls them polypaipaloi "of many tricks". The term Punic fides "Punic faith" means bad faith or betrayal. Cicero said of the Carthaginians that "Carthage would not have held an empire for six hundred years had it not been governed with wisdom and statecraft."
said of the Carthaginians that "Carthage would not have held an empire for six hundred years had it not been governed with wisdom and statecraft." Cadmus (Kadmos) of Tyre was a Phoenician of legend who brought the alphabet to the Greeks when he went in search of his sister Europa whom Zeus had carried off on a white bull. Cadmus founded Thebes.
was a Phoenician of legend who brought the alphabet to the Greeks when he went in search of his sister Europa whom Zeus had carried off on a white bull. Cadmus founded Thebes. The salting of Carthage is a legend. R.T. Ridley in "To be Taken with a Pinch of Salt: The Destruction of Carthage," Classical Philology Vol 81, No. 2 1986 says the first reference he can find to the salting of Carthage comes from the twentieth century.
Evidence for Carthage:
The Romans actively set out to obliterate Carthage in 146 B.C., following the Third Punic War, and then they built a new Carthage on top of the ruins, a century later, which was itself destroyed. So there are few remains of Carthage in the original location. There are tombs and burial urns from a sanctuary to the fertility mother goddess Tanit, a stretch of the wall fortifying the city that is visible from the air, and the remains of two harbors.(1)
Date of the Founding of Carthage:
According to Polybius (born c. 204 B.C.), the Greek historian Timaeus of Tauromenion (c. 357-260 B.C.), dated the founding of Carthage to 814 or 813 B.C.
Other ancient authors who wrote about Punic Carthage were:
Appian, Diodorus, Justin, Polybius and Strabo.
Dionysius of Halicarnassus (Antiq. Roman. 1.4), basing his opinion on Timaeus, said that Carthage was founded 38 years before the First Olympiad (776 B.C.).
Velleius Paterculus (c. 19 B.C. to c. A.D. 30) said Carthage lasted 667 years.
Recent carbon-14 dating confirms the late part of the ninth century B.C. as the date of the founding of Carthage.(2)
References:
(1)Scullard: "Carthage," Greece & Rome Vol. 2, No. 3. (Oct. 1955), pp. 98-107.
The Random Darknet Shopper has been buying ecstasy pills for its artist owners
Text Thomas Gorton
There was only so long that the police would let a bot created by Swiss art collective !Mediengruppe Bitnik order all manner of things from the darknet in the name of art. Random Darknet Shopper has been randomly buying nefarious goods since November, with the objects shown at a Zurich exhibition called The Darknet – From Memes to Onionland. An Exploration. With a set budget of $100 per shopping trip, Random Darknet Shopper has ordered a fabulous array of objects from the depths of the web: Diesel jeans, a set of fire brigade master keys and Chesterfield cigarettes. But police finally took exception to its order of 10 ecstasy tablets and a fake Hungarian passport. Last week, the bot was seized by Swiss cops, one day after the exhibition closed. In a statement on the !Mediengruppe Bitnik website, the group hit out at what they perceive as "an unjustified intervention into freedom of art". We caught up with two members of the collective to see if they'll face criminal charges for the actions of their bot.
Is Random Darknet Shopper in custody? !Mediengruppe Bitnik: Yes, Random Darknet Shopper and all the objects are in custody. But they are sealed. This means, that the public prosecutor has to hear us before he can proceed with any actions. We think this will happen in the next few days.
Are you under threat from the force of the law yourselves? Have the police spoken with you? !Mediengruppe Bitnik: It is unclear if we are. Until now, no charges have been pressed against the bot or against !Mediengruppe Bitnik. We have no direct contact. Only through our lawyer have we been in contact with the public prosecutor. Through her, we have had to claim ownership for the Random Darknet Shopper since we want the seized objects back.
!Mediengruppe Bitnik
According to new data from the World Bank, Asia's developing economies appear to be even more powerful than previously thought. As measured by purchasing power parity, China's gross domestic product now seems poised to overtake America's as the world's biggest as soon as this year. India has leapfrogged into third place, while Indonesia rounds out the top 10. Predictably, headlines around the region are crowing about the beginning of the long-awaited Asian Century.
Yet a darker story underlies these giddy new figures. In terms of per capita GDP, India doesn't rank third but 127th. (Indonesia is 107th, and China 99th.) Perhaps more importantly, while growth has mostly thrived over the last 20 years, inequality in Asia has also risen dramatically - from a reading of 0.33 to 0.46 between 1990 and 2010. Zero means perfect equality; the higher the number, the less egalitarian things are.
Behind the glitz of Asia's boom, reason for worry. The "New Century Global Centre" building in Chengdu, southwest China. Credit:AFP
Those who lag behind may soon find it harder and harder to catch up. The roughly 1.6 billion people living on less than $US2 a day - a standard measure for global poverty - are growing more vulnerable, according to the Asian Development Bank. These global poor confront a tsunami of risks from runaway inflation, to the impact of climate change on crops, Federal Reserve tapering, natural disasters, another global financial crisis, you name it.
What gives? While the macroeconomic picture in Asia has evolved in recent decades, barriers to economic mobility at the micro level persist. Thomas Piketty's bestseller Capital in the Twenty-First Century has lately drawn much attention to this problem. But in reading the book, I was struck more by its parallels to Joe Studwell's earlier Asian Godfathers.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Richmond police are investigating multiple reports of vandalism in Scott's Addition this weekend.
WTVR CBS 6 crews spotted four cars with shattered windshields on Myers Street Sunday morning. People who work in the area said they have fallen victim to the vandals a number of times in the last year.
Chelsey Marx, who works nearby, said spray paint and busted windows are not the only issues.
"We will be taking the trash out at night and a group of teenagers will come out and start throwing rocks at us," she said.
Several people who work on North Boulevard said this is an ongoing problem. They said the road that runs behind popular eateries like En Su Boca and Buzz and Ned's needs better lighting and more police presence.
Drivers may find their speed controlled around accidents and recovery areas
Formula 1 bosses are to implement changes to ensure drivers slow down for on-track incidents, and pursue the idea of a 'virtual safety car'.
F1 is determined to learn lessons from the accident in Japan that left Frenchman Jules Bianchi in a critical condition with severe head injuries.
Bianchi's car hit a recovery vehicle despite caution flags being waved.
Race director Charlie Whiting agreed to changes with the teams at a meeting at the Russian Grand Prix on Saturday.
Media playback is not supported on this device Drivers shocked by Bianchi accident
For the 'virtual safety car' idea, drivers would have to stay within a certain pre-determined lap time in the event of an incident that would previously not have been regarded as needing a safety car.
This would be when officials felt an incident could be cleared relatively quickly, but when workers, marshals or recovery vehicles needed to be on track to return it to racing condition.
This is an extension of the system currently used when a safety car is deployed, when drivers have to slow down to a certain level while waiting for the safety car to pick up the leader.
The system cannot be implemented immediately because of the complexity of the cars.
Former F1 driver and BBC analyst David Coulthard "If you look at the history of Formula 1, and our journey through life actually, whenever we have moments that really stop and have people think then there is usually a reaction. So I expect the FIA, once they have conducted a full investigation into all of the parameters that led to the accident, will come with a series of [safety] changes. I believe there will be some changes made for this weekend as well and there is a meeting on Saturday morning to discuss exactly how they will be implemented. But it is inevitable that change is required."
But governing body the FIA may run a test of the new system after one of the practice sessions at the next race in Austin, Texas, in three weeks' time.
In the meantime, Whiting will exercise "extreme caution" in the event of any incident.
Bianchi collided with the tractor vehicle that was recovering Adrian Sutil's Sauber, which had crashed on the previous lap in the same spot.
Whiting said in a news conference on Friday that all drivers had slowed down for the Sutil incident, but some had slowed more than others. He would not say how much Bianchi had slowed.
"I know what speed he left the track at," Whiting said. "We have seen the data from all cars, and everyone slowed down.
Media playback is not supported on this device Inside F1 with Jules Bianchi's boss
"Some didn't slow down much, some a lot. We don't need to go into how much he slowed down compared to others. He did slow down; it is a matter of degree."
Whiting also said the decision of the Japan Grand Prix organisers to reject an earlier race-start time given the approach of typhoon Phanfone played no part in Bianchi's accident on a wet track.
The Marussia driver had to be taken to hospital by road as the medical helicopter was unable to land in the conditions in Yokkaichi.
Whiting said: "On this occasion, the way in which the marshals reacted, the fact the safety and medical cars arrived at the scene in very quick time, that the extraction vehicle and ambulance were despatched correctly, nothing could have been done better.
"We have procedures in place, we deal with things and we know exactly what to do under the circumstances."
39
This is a FABULOUS spice mix! I've made this recipe a half dozen times, so finally made up a pint jar with the spices (multiplied the spices by 10, combined, and stored in labeled mason jar). ...
My husband loved this but there was something very weird about it. I didn't care for it at all. I would want a lot more tomatoes and fewer beans. Maybe it was the beans I used but there was a ...
PattyJoy 90 39
This is a FABULOUS spice mix! I've made this recipe a half dozen times, so finally made up a pint jar with the spices (multiplied the spices by 10, combined, and stored in labeled mason jar). ... Read more
NikkiC 181 187
The flavor of this dish isn't for everyone but I loved it. The addition of the cocoa powder added an extra layer of flavors to the dish that you don't find often in most chilis. I would defini... Read more
AMEE16 148 14
My husband loved this but there was something very weird about it. I didn't care for it at all. I would want a lot more tomatoes and fewer beans. Maybe it was the beans I used but there was a ... Read more
SugarCreekFarm 195 9
This was good and spicy! We actually raise our own lambs for eating so we have ground lamb availble in our freezer (sorry to those who couldn't find it, it's so good with it!). I actually added... Read more
val_squared 91 33
We really liked this recipe and I will certainly make it again. The cinnamon and the cocoa powder add a very subtle and Mexican flavor to this simple and quick dish. I used two cans of kidney ... Read more
CORBAC 152 72
Very tasty, and of course even better the next day. Read more
Mazomom 151 42
This was a good chili with nice heat and the chocolate adds a richness to the dish. Read more
Carolyn 96 40
We made this as written and really liked it. Worked well in the slow cooker! Read more
Sir Paul McCartney has teamed up with The Bloody Beetroots for a new electronic dance track.
The iconic Beatles star and Youth have allowed the Italian producer to remix his 2008 track 'Nothing Too Much Just Out of Sight' for a rerelease on June 18.
A short preview of the song has been made available online, with The Bloody Beetroots confirming the full premiere on June 14.
McCartney and Youth recently released the track on their last collaborative album Electric Arguments, which was put out under their guise The Fireman.
Youth recently teased the possibility of more collaborations with Paul McCartney as The Fireman in an interview with Digital Spy.
"There are other projects I can't comment on at the moment because I'm not at liberty to, but there's definitely other interesting things happening," he said at the time.
"We first started that project 20 years ago, and we're still working on different Fireman projects.
"There's a longevity to it that I don't think would have happened if I'd been doing Paul McCartney solo albums, so I'm very happy I have that relationship with him."
It's been a frustrating month for Seattle's only retail marijuana shop, as a lack of pot has forced Cannabis City to keep its doors closed for much of the time since legal sales began July 8.
“We did have a small supply on Sunday, but that only lasted a few hours,” says Pam Fenstermacher with Cannabis City.
They're not alone. A lack of supply has been the biggest hurdle for Washington's new legal marijuana industry, with retailers like Cannabis City left waiting for growers trying to bring their crop to harvest as quickly as possible.
Fenstermacher says the shop hoped to receive a new shipment Tuesday, but a delay in testing has pushed that back to Friday.
“It's becoming a little bit more consistent, so we are hoping by the middle of August, maybe towards the end it, should be a steady supply and we shouldn't have to shut our doors.”
The Washington State Liquor Control Board, which regulates the state's marijuana industry, is moving as quickly as possible to approve licenses and get the system fully operational.
“We add more producers and processors and retailers every week. This will continue to grow and stabilize,” says spokesman Mikhail Carpenter.
Updated numbers released by the WSLCB Tuesday show the nascent industry has generated $614,985 in excise taxes for the state, with sales by processors, producers and retailers totaling $2,459,940 since July 8.
Those numbers should steadily increase as more licenses are issued, and more companies continue growing and selling pot to each other and consumers.
“It will definitely pick up,” Carpenter says.
In the meantime, stores like Cannabis City remain in limbo, biding their time by selling pipes and other paraphernalia or simply staying shut. But Fenstermacher says there's no shortage of enthusiasm from customers, even if there's a shortage of pot.
“People understand it's a new industry and have patience,” she says.
Everyone gapes in completely acceptable awe over Alex Honnold, a man who recently completed the most dangerous rope-free ascension in history when he climbed the Freerider route of El Capitan. This geological formation (often erroneously referred to as a mountain) sits in Yosemite National Park, and is well-known to climbers around the world–but fellow nerds probably know it best as the mountain that Captain Kirk tries to scale at the start of Star Trek V: The Final Frontier.
Kirk's free-solo ascent in Trek V is not a choice that his companions take lightly. On a camping trip with Doctor McCoy and a newly-restored Mr. Spock (who is still recovering memories from that time that McCoy carried his soul around post-Wrath of Khan), Captain Kirk decides that he will climb El Capitan. McCoy waits below, viewing the scene through binoculars and nervously talking to himself about how his irresponsible BFF is “playing games with life.” Eventually, Spock rockets up to Kirk's level wearing a pair of levitation boots to ask him about the purpose of the risky feat. Kirk tells him that he climbs the mountain because it's there.
He then slips and falls, and it is only Spock's speedy use of the boots that saves Kirk's life.
Alex Honnold, on the other hand, spent a solid year training for his historic moment. According to National Geographic, Honnold did the climb once with ropes to make certain of every twist and turn, and marked the thing out with chalk. He had a special ledge installed above the door of his van in order to practice hanging by his fingers. He is an expert at keeping his fears at bay, so much so that scientists have studied his brain to learn more about fear:
“With free-soloing, obviously I know that I'm in danger, but feeling fearful while I'm up there is not helping me in any way,” [Honnold] said. “It's only hindering my performance, so I just set it aside and leave it be.”
He completed the ascent in just under four hours. Nearly three-thousand meters in four freaking hours.
Which is to say, when Kirk decided to climb El Capitan for the heck of it, as a guy who clearly did not train every day of the week for said challenge, it's really no wonder a Vulcan had to rescue him from certain death. Perhaps Kirk would have done well not to “challenge the rock… challenge death”—as William Shatner himself so succinctly put it in an interview on the set of Star Trek V. (Please recall that Shatner directed The Final Frontier and also helped to develop the story for its screenplay.) Then again, Shatner also believes that people who climb mountains are attempting to have passionate affairs with said mountains. According to the interview, at least.
On that note… you can all assume that if I ever stop dropping this video into posts without warning, I am most certainly dead:
But wait… Kirk isn't actually climbing a mountain. El Capitan is not a mountain.
*brain implodes*
Conrad Barski, a medical doctor, a cartoonist, programmer, and author of Land of Lisp, has been experimenting with bitcoin since 2011. In a recent interview, Barski talked about the bitcoin and blockchain landscape and noted the potential of decentralization:
“We're heading into a world where things are becoming more decentralized. Most people already appreciate that because we all know about things like Airbnb and Uber. Of course, there's kind of a paradox there because we think of Airbnb and Uber as being decentralized, but of course they're these very centralized companies that run things…I think 10 years from now we're going to see that these types of semi-decentralized companies are going to be replaced by fully decentralized companies, where the company itself just runs in an automated way on some kind of cryptocurrency. No one knows what cryptocurrency that will be, but there are folks from Ripple, from Counterparty, from Ethereum all trying to build an infrastructure that essentially let's you run a company that isn't controlled by any individual person. I think that's really in the long term the most exciting part about bitcoin.”
What about bitcoin as a currency? In the short term, it's an open question, said Barski, but he predicted an expansion similar to what we've seen with BitTorrent:
“One of the problems right now with bitcoin…is that no one's really found out how to make money on it yet. There's just a lot of speculation. In the shorter term, it's still an open question. What's going to make bitcoin take off and will it take off? People are looking at things like remittances. There's a recent movement into tipping as being a potential area — so, say somebody writes a blog post; you can tip them. There are people working on really great systems right now to do that. “Then, of course, the elephant in the room is this whole episode with Silk Road. Everyone's familiar with BitTorrent. It used to be this very seedy system that people were using to steal copyright goods, but nowadays, BitTorrent has become a very legitimate technology. If I want to download the latest version of Ubuntu, the first thing I want to know is what is the torrent for it, because it's very convenient for moving around large files. I think what we're going to see in the next couple of years is open markets that are similar to eBay, but then also have some similarities to things like Silk Road; I think there will be an overlap between legitimate and illegitimate uses.”
Together with Chris Wilmer, Barski will host a free webcast, Bitcoin for the Befuddled, December 3. The duo is hoping to provide an entertaining, informative narrative so the audience can get a sense of the flavor of bitcoin to see why it's so interesting. Barski also noted they'll provide an illuminating demo:
“We're going to set up a brand-new Android device with a bitcoin wallet and put some money into it. For most people, until they actually see how it works, they really don't appreciate the elegance of the system, so we're going to send a small amount of money between us as we're doing our talk.”
You can register for the free webcast here, and you can listen to our entire interview in the SoundCloud player below.
You might also be interested in our upcoming event, Bitcoin & the Blockchain: An O'Reilly Radar Summit, being held in San Francisco on January 27, 2015. Register for the conference here — and, of course, bitcoin can be used to pay for registration.
Cropped image on article and category pages by Sue Nichols on Flickr, used under a Creative Commons license.
“I'm down to merk (murder) people if it's a big enough payoff”
— Dellen Millard in a text kept from the jury.
Demon and Satan – dman and say10 – have killed before, of course.
Dellen Millard and Mark Smich are convicted murderers, but the jury would never hear that at the Laura Babcock murder trial. Tim Bosma was the ghost who shadowed this fall's proceedings, the victim whose name and fate could not be mentioned.
As jurors begin deliberating on whether Millard and Smich murdered Babcock, they've never been told both men were found guilty last year of Bosma's brutal and senseless killing during a test drive of his truck. They weren't told the pair were convicted of burning his body in The Eliminator – the same monstrous animal incinerator that has played such a central role in the Babcock trial.
Nor have they heard Millard is an accused serial killer, charged with a third murder — that of his own father, Wayne.
If convicted again, Babcock would have been the duo's first murder victim. And if Toronto Police had taken her disappearance more seriously in the summer of 2012, Bosma may never have been killed 10 months later.
The jury was unaware the Bosma family had wanted to attend the Babcock murder trial to lend support to the young woman's parents. Justice Michael Code relayed a message that they shouldn't come; the media was carefully adhering to his publication ban on any Bosma evidence and he worried the sight of the famous widow would create a “media zoo” and risk a mistrial.
“The greatest support they can give to the Babcock family is making sure the trial reaches its conclusion,” the judge said in the absence of the jury. “They don't want to go through this again.”
Millard, 32, and Smich, 30, are already serving life sentences with no parole for 25 years. Millard was a cocky aviation heir playboy with planes, a helicopter, countless vehicles — and a penchant for crime. He was idolized by Smich, his former drug dealer-turned-brother from the other side of the tracks — with the criminal ties he needed.
“I'm on a mission,” Millard texted Smich at 7:30 p.m. on July 3, 2012 after he allegedly picked up Babcock from Kipling station and brought her back to his house on Maple Gate Court in Etobicoke. She would never be heard from again.
Going “on a mission” were the pair's code words for their criminal exploits and the same phrase Millard used just before he and Smich killed Bosma on May 6, 2013. Answering an online ad for his 2007 Dodge RAM truck, the men shot the Ancaster father of one during the test drive and cremated his body in The Eliminator, which Millard had purchased for $15,000 in June 2012, just before Babcock disappeared.
Before his arrest in the Bosma murder, Smich had told his girlfriend “it wasn't the first time” that they'd burned a body and “it wasn't the only body that they burned.”
While her body was never found — the Crown says photos on Millard's iPhone of bones burning inside the incinerator on July 23, 2012 were those of Babcock — police did discover traces of Bosma's remains in The Eliminator hidden in the bush on Millard's farm days after he vanished.
At their Hamilton trial, Smich was the only who testified in his own defence. He turned on his good buddy and claimed Millard was the one who pulled the trigger during what was supposed to be a simple truck theft.
The jury didn't buy it and convicted them of first-degree murder. Both are appealing their convictions.
It was during the Bosma investigation in 2013 that Toronto Police returned to the unsolved disappearance of Millard's former lover and re-opened the “suicide” of his father. The Babcock jury was prevented from hearing about either.
In the Babcock case, Code denied the Crown's “similar fact motion” to include evidence relating to Bosma's murder and the cremation of his remains.
“The fact that the two accused used the very same incinerator some ten months later to dispose of Tim Bosma's remains, after he had been murdered, is a distinctive and unusual use of the incinerator,” the judge agreed. “It legitimately helps to infer that Ms. Babcock is likely deceased and that her remains were likely disposed of in the same manner.”
But the judge ruled the Bosma evidence was inadmissible due to its “substantial prejudicial effect” and cautioned witnesses to tailor their testimony so there was no mention of anything to do with the 2013 murder.
Could the jurors really be unaware of what was a sensational crime that captured headlines for months?
Both Millard and Smich argued that they could not and days before jury selection was to begin, asked for a trial by judge alone. Code admitted the pre-trial publicity had been damaging and choosing a jury “will be difficult.” He denied their request but allowed them to challenge jurors for cause.
Potential jurors were asked if they'd read or heard anything about Millard or Smich in the media and if so, whether they could set it aside to weigh the case solely on the evidence they heard. They assured the court that they could.
And so, the name of Tim Bosma was never mentioned.
***
If they did kill Babcock — and thought they'd gotten away with it — was that why they went on to murder Bosma?
When the bubbly University of Toronto English and drama graduate suddenly went missing in July 2012, Babcock's former boyfriend Shawn Lerner went to Toronto Police, but complained they seemed uninterested after learning about her mental health issues, recent escort work and drug use.
Even though her phone bill showed eight of her last calls were to Millard, he was never questioned.
Millard and Smich would not be charged for her murder until April 9, 2014, almost two years later — and only after their arrest in the Bosma case finally awoke police interest in Babcock's ties to Millard.
Lerner's anger was still palpable when he took the stand. He's filed a formal complaint against the police, saying they “fumbled” the investigation into Babcock's disappearance.
If they'd looked into Millard, they would have discovered that despite his privileged upbringing as the wealthy heir to a Canadian aviation dynasty, he had a history of running afoul of the law. In 2010, it ranged from the petty — he and Smich hurling a pumpkin from a moving car on a highway during Halloween — to the more serious: Lighting two cars on fire, and allegedly robbing a convenience store.
In 2011, he stole a trailer and successfully fled police when they tried to stop him for speeding. In early 2012, he trafficked drugs with a friend and exchanged texts with Smich about the possibility of pimping girls. Later that year, Millard tried to recruit various friends to import drugs into Canada and was involved with Smich in the theft of a Bobcat.
The Crown wanted the 16 incidents of criminal conduct entered at the Babcock trial to argue that in addition to the “love triangle motive,” killing Babcock was part of Millard's escalating “thrill-seeking” behaviour.
The judge disallowed the evidence, saying he wasn't convinced it demonstrated anything more than “a pervasive and casual amorality or general criminal disposition.”
ARSENAL OF WEAPONS
“By the time I let her (the gun) go, she'll be a dirty girl,” Dellen Millard to his gun dealer Feb. 11, 2012,
His amassing of an arsenal of weapons was something else kept from the jury.
In February 2012, prior to Babcock's disappearance, Millard bought a 9-mm Walther PPK handgun from Smich's friend Matthew “Isho” Ward-Jackson. The $2,220 weapon, made famous by movie spy James Bond, was used to kill Bosma 15 months later. In April, Millard was in the U.S. and told Smich he was looking to buy him a gun and ammunition for their planned crime spree. “A lot of s— is happening soon,” he said. In September of that year, Millard also bought a .380 handgun.
The jury heard about none of this. The only gun purchase entered into evidence was the one on July 2 — the day before Millard met up with Babcock — when he bought a .32-calibre Smith and Wesson handgun from Ward-Jackson. They weren't told, however, this is the same weapon found beside his father's body on Nov. 29, 2012.
Originally ruled a suicide, the elder Millard had reportedly been shot through the eye. His son is slated to go on trial on his third murder charge in March 2018.
Millard's convicted gun dealer was so afraid of running counter to the judge's instructions about not mentioning the Bosma connection that Ward-Jackson lied and told the jury Millard was never interested in getting a weapon before his July purchase. The witness had to be recalled to clarify carefully that he did have past dealings with the accused killer.
Also redacted was a text Millard sent Jan. 18, 2013 to a cousin inquiring about what he'd been up to. “Smuggling drugs killing hookers,” was his reply. Babcock had been working as an escort before she went missing.
An entry in Millard's iPhone calendar on Jan. 12, 2012 was edited as well: “Make a deal w/Laura, pimp her, what does she want from me, what does she have to offer?” The judge excised the words “pimp her.”
To hide that they were already convicted prisoners, the judge had black drapery placed around the counsel tables so the jury wouldn't see that Millard and Smich were in leg shackles.
While they were a duo for years, Millard wanted his trial severed from that of Smich, whom he referred to in jailhouse letters to former girlfriend Christina Noudga as “treacherous Mark; got himself charged by trying to put it on me.”
Code turned him down. For a man used to getting his own way, it wouldn't be Millard's first loss in this process.
In those prison letters to Noudga, Millard referred to himself as a “panzy rich boy.” He'd certainly amassed a collection of rich boy toys, from Jeeps and sports cars to Jet Skis and airplanes. His holdings included a farm, a condo in the Distillery District, his late father's home on Maple Gate — and a new, heavily financed hangar at the Waterloo airport.
After his arrest in May 2013, he sold his five residential properties for “millions of dollars.” Yet before this trial, Millard cried poor and tried unsuccessfully to get Legal Aid.
Along with his mom, Smich and Noudga, Millard is being sued for $14 million by the Bosma family. He owes almost a $1 million in taxes. He claimed his money was tied up with “third parties.”
Millard was constantly warned to hire a lawyer for the Babcock trial and court dates were postponed to give him more time to free his finances to do so. By July, he'd been granted access to $1 million from the $4.8 million in proceeds of the sale of the Millard Properties' hangar in Waterloo. He then dared to ask for another six-month adjournment.
The master manipulator, though, had run up against a judge who refused to do his bidding.
“Although his private resources were undoubtedly depleted to some extent in the Bosma trial in Hamilton, I am satisfied he remains a relatively wealthy individual who is able to retain counsel privately if that is his true wish,” wrote Code in a July pre-trial motion.
Instead, the judge accused Millard of deliberately stalling. “The request for further delay is unjustified and unnecessary and it arises in suspicious circumstances.”
The arrogant Millard, never shy about his perceived abilities, decided he would save his money and do a fine job representing himself instead.
And what a performance it was.
We witnessed the unseemly sight of the accused killer cross-examining the father of his alleged victim — something the Crown had unsuccessfully tried to prevent. Code ruled that while it would be “uncomfortable” for Clayton Babcock, there was no legal reason why Millard should be compelled to hire a lawyer for that cross-examination or that of former boyfriend Shawn Lerner or Smich's former girlfriend Marlena Meneses.
Throughout the trial, in the absence of the jury, Millard continually whined about his troubles trying to prepare while being incarcerated and subject to frequent lockdowns. After many complaints, Code had enough.
“You're self-represented by your own choice,” he thundered at one point in the absence of the jury. “You could have had a team of lawyers.”
Still, the judge continually bent over backwards to afford Millard more time to prepare. But the convicted killer still made repeated efforts to delay the trial — even asking for a week's adjournment for a witness he hadn't even bothered to subpoena.
“This is a game, your honour,” said exasperated Crown attorney Jill Cameron. “This is a game to buy time as he's done all along.”
But finally time has run out.
***
Christina Noudga, now 25, was a central figure in this love triangle, the woman Millard killed for, according to the Crown. Much was made by the defence that his former girlfriend of two years was never called.
The jury didn't know Noudga was charged with being an accessory after the fact in the Bosma murder. During her testimony in that trial, she feigned a selective memory and later got a sweetheart deal of time served — four months in jail and two years on house arrest — after pleading guilty to obstruction of justice for destroying evidence.
“We did not expect her to be truthful,” the Crown told the judge, explaining why she wasn't called to testify.
Noudga is said to be now living out of the country. Facebook sleuths suggest she's studying medicine in Europe.
In his smuggled jailhouse letters, Millard had tried to get her to tamper with witnesses and lie for him, all while pledging his eternal love and wish for her to be the mother of his children. “My one true fear,” he wrote, “is to die before being a father.”
The nerve of this killer knows no bounds.
Millard is responsible for stealing one father and now stands accused of stealing the daughter from another.
mmandel@postmedia.com
UN investigators leading an inquiry into human rights abuses in North Korea are consulting international lawyers over the possibility of summoning senior regime figures to appear before the international criminal court.
China could also face condemnation for its longstanding policy of sending home North Koreans, despite evidence they faced mistreatment and abuse on their return, said the head of the inquiry after what he called heart-rending testimony in London by escapees from the country.
Among witnesses to the panel, which has spent two days taking evidence in the UK after sessions in South Korea and Japan, was a former political prisoner who described having to enter the cell he shared with 40 other detainees via a door 50cm (20in) high, a deliberate policy by guards so they crawled "like animals".
Another UK-based exile wept as she said she had been forced to leave behind her Chinese-born infant son when she was sent back to North Korea for fear of the treatment he would receive under the country's racial purity beliefs.
Michael Kirby, chairman of the UN commission of inquiry on human rights.
Michael Kirby, the Australian retired judge who chairs the panel, set up in March by the UN human rights council and due to report by the end of the year, described the evidence in London as extremely powerful. He said: "You have to have a heart of stone not to be moved by the testimony you receive."
The panel is consulting legal experts in London and the US on the possibility of extending the remit of the Hague-based international criminal court (ICC) to try people for abuses in North Korea, Kirby told reporters.
He said: "We have in our mandate an obligation to look at whom, in positions high and low, is responsible for the human rights violations we find. That is a matter that is agitating a lot of our thoughts at the moment."
While North Korea is not a signatory to the treaty that created the ICC, Kirby said, the UN security council had the power to extend the court's remit in exceptional cases.
China was also likely to be asked to account for its policy of treating North Koreans who flee to the country as economic migrants, Kirby said, given that treaties to which Beijing is a signatory compel nations to protect those who face maltreatment when sent home.
"The gathering evidence of the inquiry is certainly that people who are sent back from China to North Korea suffer very great punishments," he said. "This is a matter which may need to be considered by us."
Many of the 65 witnesses heard by the panel fled North Korea via China, with a number saying they faced incarceration in prison camps and abuse when they returned.
Kim Song Ju told the hearing that he received subhuman treatment when sent back, including the use of the cell with the 50cm door.
Park Jiyhun, who was returned from China several times, said she believed her son might have been sold into human trafficking when she was ejected from China.
The inquiry also heard that women returned from abroad were routinely checked for pregnancy in case they were carrying a child by a foreign father, and that one mother was forced to drown her newborn baby in a bucket because prison guards believed the father was Chinese.
Such notions of racial purity had "resonances that are specially horrifying if you are in Europe, because of the memory of the second world war", Kirby noted.
It was difficult to remain objective in the face of such "very distressing" evidence.
North Korea had been asked repeatedly to give its side but refused, he said.
The hope was, Kirby said, that the commission's report would bring renewed focus to human rights in North Korea, which had "slipped below the radar" compared to the likes of Syria and Burma.
Kirby said: "There's not a lot of interest in or knowledge about human rights issues in North Korea.
"The problems which are described in the evidence are known vaguely by the international community but there is not the engagement with them."
Additions to team increase points total in advance of UCI teams decision
The Ag2r La Mondiale team has ensured it is in a better position to secure a WorldTour licence for 2013 after signing two solid riders for the 2013 season.
It is taking on An Post Grant Thornton Sean Kelly's Gediminas Bagdonas and Astana's Valentin Iglinskiy.
The French team is sitting seventeenth of eighteen teams in this year's WorldTour rankings. While the UCI's calculations are not based on that list, it gives a general indication of its place in the hierarchy of teams. Only the top fifteen teams in that UCI-calculated hierarchy are guaranteed a licence, providing the other requirements are in order.
Of the five teams between sixteenth and twentieth, three will get a licence while two will be rejected. If possible, Ag2r wants to avoid any uncertainty and today's signing announcements reflect that intention.
Bagdonas has had a strong season, and is currently eighth in the UCI's Europe Tour. The 26 year old's successes include three stage wins and the overall in the Baltic Chain Tour, two stages in the Post Rás, victory in the Memorial Philippe Van Coningsloo and the Ronde Van Noor Holland, plus second in the 1.1 Rund um Koln. He also won the Lithuanian road race championships.
Winner of the 2011 An Post Rás plus a stage in the Tour of Britain, he was expected to step up from Continental level this season with the Geox TMC team. However it disintegrated after the sponsors unexpectedly walked away. He has inked a two year deal with the team.
Valentin Iglinskiy is coming on board for one year, moving after three years with Astana. During that time he won the Tour of Hainan twice and also took a stage of the Presidential Tour of Turkey, but this year the Kazakhstan rider found himself in the services of others. Given the strength of the Astana team, the 28 year old could well find greater opportunity on Ag2r La Mondiale next season.
In Spain's first recorded case of diphtheria since 1986, a six-year-old boy from the Catalan city of Olot was placed in intensive care Wednesday. Authorities confirm that despite free, widely available immunization services, the boy's parents had opted not to vaccinate him against the bacterial infection.
The child is currently being treated with an anti-toxin in Barcelona, but the drug was not easy to find, El País reports. The country's Health Ministry appealed to the World Health Organization and authorities in the U.S. before finally locating a dose in Russia. “The problem is that these days, no one has this illness. Everyone is vaccinated,” general secretary for the health service, Rubén Moreno, told El País. The Russian ambassador to Spain brought the drug by plane from Moscow early Monday.
Caused by the bacterium Corynebacterium diphtheriae, diphtheria most frequently infects adults over 60 and children under five. It is spread both through the air and via direct contact and can cause heart problems, nerve damage and severe respiratory distress.
The so-called “anti-vaxxer” movement has gained widespread attention in the U.S. recently. Although, according to the Spanish Vaccine Society, 90% of the population is covered by systematic vaccination programs, similar campaigns have gained popularity in Europe. Moreno called these campaigns “irresponsible,” saying, “The consequences of not vaccinating a child can be dramatic. The right to vaccination is for children, not for the parents to decide.”
Spain is no stranger to diphtheria: the country survived several epidemics in the 16th and 17th centuries, including a year so deadly that it was nicknamed “The Year of Strangulations,” after the disease's symptoms.
[El País]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Menghai Tea Factory （勐海茶叶厂）: Menghai Tea Factory was formally established in 1940 by a group of over 90 tea professionals with origins from all over China. It is possibly the oldest specialized tea factory in Yunnan Province. Because of this, it has a solid reputation that is well respected by Pu-erh tea enthusiasts. It is located in Menghai county of Xishuangbanna (西双版纳) prefecture, which is renowned for being one of the birthplaces of Chinese tea culture. They were one of the first two tea factories (along with the Kunming Tea Factory) to come up with the 'wodui' (渥堆) method of ripening pu'er tea in 1973, and have a series of recipes that are undisputed as some of the finest ripened Pu-erh teas available. Formerly under the umbrella of the state-run CNNP, they went fully private in 1996 and adopted the 'dayi' (大益) logo. 'Dayi' means 'great benefit', which is meant to point out the great benefit that tea has on the body, the spirit, and human relationships.
Brief Profile
Dr. Bipin Swarn Walia is one of the very few neurosurgeons in India who is specifically trained and experienced in spine surgeries. With over 4000 spine surgeries to his credit Dr Bipin S.Walia neurosurgeon commands a respectable position in the medical fraternity as one of the best spine surgeons in New Delhi, India. At present, he is working as Head Spine Surgeon at Max Hospital, Saket, New Delhi, India. Dr. BS Walia has completed his graduation and post graduation from Armed Forces Medical College, Pune, India. After that, he went to All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, India for super specialization in neurosurgery. He has been trained in spine surgery at some of the best hospitals across the globe like Univeristy of Erlagen in Germany, University of Mainz in Germany and Medical Education and Research Institute, Texas, USA. Before joining Max Hospital, Saket, New Delhi as Spine Surgeon, he has also worked with some of the best and renowned hospitals in India.
Specialization:
Spinal Surgeries
Functional Neurosurgery
Endoscopic Surgery
Stereotactic Neurosurgery
Minimal Access Spinal Surgery
Endoscopic Disc Surgery
Neuro Critical Care
Neuronavigation
Stroke
Spinal instrumentation
Spinal Fixation
Current Designation
Head Spine Surgeon at Max Hospital, Saket, New Delhi, India
Education and Training
Spine Surgeon Max Super Specialty Hospital New Delhi.
M.B.B.S. from AFMC, Pune, India.
M.S (General Surgery) from AFMC, Pune, India.
M.Ch from All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, India.
Training in Endoscopic Spine Surgery from University of Mainz, Germany.
Training in Functional and Stereotactic Neurosurgery at St. Vincent Hospital, Sydney.
Training in Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery from Medical Education and Research Institute, Texas, US.
from Medical Education and Research Institute, Texas, US. Also training in neuronavigation including the high filed intra-operative MRI )brain suite) at the University of Erlangen in Germany.
Membership
Association of Spine Surgeons of India
North American spine society
Best Spine and Neuro Surgeon in India
Best spine surgeon in India
Top Neurosurgeon at Delhi
Best neurosurgeon at Delhi
Indian Orthopaedic Association
Delhi spine society
Special Interest
Spinal Surgery
Scoliosis Surgery
Spinal Deformity
Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery
Spinal Tumours
Experience
Previous appointment Consultant Surgery & Neurosurgery with the Indian Army.
with the Indian Army. He is recognized post-graduate teacher for the University of Pune and Univeristy of Delhi and has trained numerous Surgeons and Neurosurgeons.
After graduating from the Armed Forces Medical College in 1982, he gained a rich, vast & varied experience while working at the various reputed hospitals including the United Nations.
Patient Experience
Dr. Bipin S Walia is one of the very few neurosurgeons in India who are specifically trained and experienced in spine surgeries. With more than 4000 spine surgeries to his credit Dr Bipin Walia commands a respectable position in the medical fraternity as one of the best spine surgeons in New Delhi, India. Currently Dr Bipin Walia is working as Head Spine Surgeon at Max Hospital, Saket, Contact at: +91-9325887033 Email : dr.bipinswarnwalia@neurospinehospital.com
E-mail & appointment
E-mail id of Dr. Bipin Swarn Walia, Best Spine and Neuro Surgeon in India
Number for appointment with Dr. Bipin Swarn Walia: +91-9325887033 +91 - 9325887033
Tags
The 35-year-old suspect in the knife attack that left two people dead and allegedly involved hate speech appeared to defend his actions during a brief court appearance on Tuesday.
Jeremy Joseph Christian of North Portland was charged with two counts of aggravated murder, one count of attempted aggravated murder, first-degree assault, three counts of unlawful use of a weapon and two counts of second-degree intimidation, according to the initial charging document filed in court by the Multnomah County District Attorney's Office.
Christian shouted, "Free speech or die" and "You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism" to the crowd and continued to yell as he was escorted out of the courtroom.
Micah Fletcher, the survivor of a Portland, Oregon, was in the courtroom when Christian made the statements. Fletcher issued a statement honoring the two people who died and offering support to the city's Muslims.
"I want the Muslim community to know that they have a home here in Portland and are loved," Fletcher said in the statement. "I want to honor the families who lost their brave fathers, sons and brothers, and I want the media and the country to honor those families. I want to send my condolences and honor those families."
On Friday around 4:19 p.m., the two juvenile females were already on the train when Christian boarded the Green Line TriMet MAX toward the Clackamas Town Center at the Rose Quarter stop, Multnomah County Deputy District Attorney Ryan Lufkin said in a probable cause affidavit. The court documents described one of the females as African-American and the other, who was wearing traditional Muslim dress, as African-American Muslim.
Shortly after boarding the train, Christian allegedly "began shouting statements seemingly targeted at the girls." Christian also could be "seen taking large drinks from a bladder style container of purple liquid," which authorities later identified to be sangria, according to the affidavit.
A nearby male witness, who was not one of the victims of the attack, attempted to "intervene and verbally de-escalate the situation but was unsuccessful" and Christian "continued shouting," the court document states.
Christian then allegedly said something about "decapitating heads," and the female victims were "clearly alarmed" and moved away from him, according to the affidavit. The suspect could then be seen in both surveillance and cellphone video taken by other passengers "making a sudden move" in the direction of 23-year-old Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche, who responding to Christian "by standing up," the court document states.
Fletcher then could be seen standing next to Myrddin Namkai-Meche as Christian allegedly shouted, "Do something!" at the pair. He could then be seen shoving Fletcher in the chest before pulling out what appeared to be a folded knife from his pocket and concealing it in his hand, according to the affidavit.
After Fletcher shoved Christian, the suspects said, "Hit me again," and Fletcher told him to get off the train, the court document states.
Christian then was allegedly seen on video swinging his right hand toward Fletcher while simultaneously opening the blade to stab Fletcher in the neck. After stabbing Fletcher, Christian then allegedly stabbed Myrddin Namkai-Meche in the neck and subsequently stabbed him a second time.
Ricky John Best, 53, could then be seen on video moving toward the scuffle to intervene, and Christian then allegedly stabbed him before pushing him into Myrddin Namkai-Meche, who was in a seat trying to stop his bleeding, the court document states. Christian then allegedly stabbed both Best and Myrddin Namkai-Meche again while Fletcher was seen in the background clutching his neck to stop the bleeding, according to the affidavit.
After the stabbings, Christian could be seen on video picking up his belongings before exiting the train as he continued to hold the knife and threaten people on the platform, according to the affidavit. Christian also grabbed a bag dropped by one of the females he was harassing and tossed it aside as he exited up the stairs, the court document states.
Christian allegedly threw the knife he used in the attack at a police car, which it bounced off of, landing nearby. The knife recovered by police was a folding knife measuring at almost four inches, the affidavit states.
Story continues
Working on Top Voted Apps, I see many startups come out with new apps that may look nice but don't actually solve any problems. WorldKoins is an app that does solve a problem and one that has bugged travellers for years and years. What do you do with your leftover coins and cash? The standard idea is that you take them home and take them to the bank or currency exchange office and exchange them, but we all know the exorbitant fees these places charge. WorldKoins aims to put a stop to that and make their service universal. Once you holiday is over, you drop your money off with them through local agents (cafes, uber drivers, or any local who has time on their hands), they charge a small fee and you get your exchange money/gift cards directly on your phone in your preferred currency. This could be truly fantastic for the busy travellers who visit a lot of countries and somehow ends up always with a bunch of coins in their pocket. There is also the other side of the equation to bare in mind with an app like this. Locals are now able to have an extra revenue stream by collecting this money. Anyone from taxi drivers, airport workers, tour guides and even local business owners can start accepting and working with WorldKoins to help travellers and earn a bit of money on the side for themselves. It is a fantastic idea and although it is only in the starting stages, I feel it could really pick off if it could get the users. The question is, would you find this app useful? How many useless foreign coins do you have lying around your house? Or do you live near an airport/port and want to earn an extra bit of money? You can download this now from the App Store.
Comments
comments
Finance & Development,
Andrew G. Berg and Jonathan D. Ostry
PDF version
Is there a trade-off between the two or do they go hand in hand?
IN his influential 1975 book Equality and Efficiency: The Big Tradeoff, Arthur Okun argued that pursuing equality can reduce efficiency (the total output produced with given resources). The late Yale University and Brookings Institution economist said that not only can more equal distribution of incomes reduce incentives to work and invest, but the efforts to redistribute—through such mechanisms as the tax code and minimum wages—can themselves be costly. Okun likened these mechanisms to a “leaky bucket.” Some of the resources transferred from rich to poor “will simply disappear in transit, so the poor will not receive all the money that is taken from the rich”—the result of administrative costs and disincentives to work for both those who pay taxes and those who receive transfers.
Do societies inevitably face an invidious choice between efficient production and equitable wealth and income distribution? Are social justice and social product at war with one another?
In a word, no.
In recent work (Berg, Ostry, and Zettelmeyer, 2011; and Berg and Ostry, 2011), we discovered that when growth is looked at over the long term, the trade-off between efficiency and equality may not exist. In fact equality appears to be an important ingredient in promoting and sustaining growth. The difference between countries that can sustain rapid growth for many years or even decades and the many others that see growth spurts fade quickly may be the level of inequality. Countries may find that improving equality may also improve efficiency, understood as more sustainable long-run growth.
Inequality matters for growth and other macroeconomic outcomes, in all corners of the globe. One need look no further than the role inequality is thought to have played in creating the disaffection that underlies much of the recent unrest in the Middle East. And, taking a historical perspective, the increase in U.S. income inequality in recent decades is strikingly similar to the increase that occurred in the 1920s. In both cases there was a boom in the financial sector, poor people borrowed a lot, and a huge financial crisis ensued (see “Leveraging Inequality,” F&D, December 2010 and “Inequality = Indebted” in this issue of F&D). The recent global economic crisis, with its roots in U.S. financial markets, may have resulted, in part at least, from the increase in inequality. With inequality growing in the United States and other important economies, the relationship between inequality and growth takes on more significance.
How do economies grow?
Most thinking about long-run growth assumes implicitly that development is something akin to climbing a hill, that it entails more or less steady increases in real income, punctuated by business cycle fluctuations. The pattern in Chart 1—which shows the level of real (after-inflation) per capita income in two advanced economies, the United Kingdom and the United States—is consistent with this idea.
The experiences in developing and emerging economies, however, are far more varied (see Chart 2). In some cases, the experience is like climbing a hill. But in others, the experience is more like a roller coaster. Looking at such cases, Pritchett (2000) and other authors have concluded that an understanding of growth must involve looking more closely at the turning points—ignoring the ups and downs of growth over the horizon of the business cycle, and concentrating on why some countries are able to keep growing for long periods whereas others see growth break down after just a few years, followed by stagnation or decay.
A systematic look at this experience suggests that igniting growth is much less difficult than sustaining it (Hausmann, Pritchett, and Rodrik, 2005). Even the poorest of countries have managed to get growth going for several years, only to see it peter out. Where growth laggards differ from their more successful peers is in the degree to which they have been able to sustain growth for long periods of time.
Income distribution and growth sustainability
In our research we looked at the extent to which the duration of a growth episode is related to differences in country characteristics and policies. The quality of economic and political institutions, an outward orientation of an economy, macroeconomic stability, and human capital accumulation have long been recognized as important determinants of economic growth. And we found that they matter for the duration of growth episodes too.
We argue that income distribution may also—and independently—belong in this pantheon of critical determinants of growth duration. At the level of simple correlation, more inequality seems associated with less sustained growth. Chart 3 shows the length of growth spells and the average income distribution during the spell for a sample of countries. We define a growth spell as a period of at least five years that begins with an unusual increase in the growth rate and ends with an unusual drop in growth. The measure of inequality is the Gini coefficient, which varies from zero (all households having the same income) to 100 (all income received by one household).
It may seem counterintuitive that inequality is strongly associated with less sustained growth. After all, some inequality is essential to the effective functioning of a market economy and the incentives needed for investment and growth (Chaudhuri and Ravallion, 2007). But too much inequality might be destructive to growth. Beyond the risk that inequality may amplify the potential for financial crisis, it may also bring political instability, which can discourage investment. Inequality may make it harder for governments to make difficult but necessary choices in the face of shocks, such as raising taxes or cutting public spending to avoid a debt crisis. Or inequality may reflect poor people's lack of access to financial services, which gives them fewer opportunities to invest in education and entrepreneurial activity.
Against this background, the question is whether a systematic look at the data supports the notion that societies with more equal income distributions have more durable growth.
We study growth spells as medical researchers might examine life expectancy. They study the effects of age, weight, gender, and smoking habits on life expectancy; we look at whether factors such as political institutions, health and education, macroeconomic instability, debt, and trade openness might influence the likelihood that a growth spell will end. The result is a statistical model of growth duration that relates the expected length of a growth episode (or, equivalently, the risk that it will end in a given year) to several of these variables. We compare the risk that the spell will end in a given year with the values of these variables in previous years—at the beginning of the spell or the previous year—to minimize the risk of reverse causality. In the face of the usual difficulties involved in disentangling cause and effect, and the risk that we have been unable to find good measures of important variables, the results we report below should nonetheless be interpreted only as empirical regularities (“stylized facts”).
The analysis suggests that a number of variables found to be important in other contexts also tend to be associated with longer growth spells (see Chart 4). To show the importance of each variable, the chart (which covers 1950 to 2006) reports the increase in the expected duration of a growth spell for a given increase in the variable in question, keeping other factors constant. To compare the effects of the different variables on growth duration, we calculate expected duration when all the variables are at their median values (the value greater than that observed in 50 percent of the observations in the sample). Then we increase each variable, one variable at a time, and look at what happens to expected duration. We want the size of each of these increases to be readily comparable. To achieve this, we increase each variable by an amount such that it moves from the median value to a value greater than that observed in 60 percent of the sample (a 10 percentile increase).
Hazard to sustained growth
Somewhat surprisingly, income inequality stood out for the strength and robustness of its relationship with the duration of growth spells: a 10 percentile decrease in inequality (represented by a change in the Gini coefficient from 40 to 37) increases the expected length of a growth spell by 50 percent. The effect is large, but is the sort of improvement that a number of countries have experienced during growth spells. We estimate that closing, say, half the inequality gap between Latin America and emerging Asia would more than double the expected duration of a growth spell in Latin America.
Remarkably, inequality retains its statistical and economic significance even when we include many potential determinants at the same time, a claim that we cannot make for many of the conventional determinants of good growth performance, such as the quality of institutions and trade openness. Inequality still matters when we allow for regional differences in expected growth duration (such as between emerging Asia and Africa). This all suggests that inequality seems to matter in itself and is not just proxying for other factors. Inequality also preserves its significance more systematically across different samples and definitions of growth spells than the other variables do. Of course, inequality is not the only thing that matters but, from our analysis, it clearly belongs on the list of well-established growth factors such as the quality of political institutions or trade openness.
Do these statistical results find a voice in the political and economic narratives of the actual country growth episodes? It appears to be the case in, for example, Cameroon. Growth averaged 7 percent from 1978 through 1985. Then the economy fell apart and declined by 6 percent a year over the subsequent decade. Oil wealth in the 1970s initially financed large increases in the public sector, particularly in public employee wages, which proved very difficult to cut when oil prices fell. “Although these measures [to cut government spending] were necessary to rescue the country from further economic crisis, they were very unpopular because they least affected the political elite and those in the upper echelon of government, whose privileges remained intact” (Mbaku and Takougang, 2003). Our statistical model of growth duration suggests that the risk that the growth spell would end in 1985 was very high—more than 100 times higher than would be typical for a country enjoying a growth spell. The model attributes this high risk mostly to Cameroon's unusually high inequality as well as its low inflow of foreign direct investment and high degree of autocracy.
Cameroon is typical. We have examined six historical cases, including Colombia, Guatemala, and Nigeria. These cases, and our broader statistical analysis of a large number of growth episodes, suggest that inequality is an underlying feature that makes it more likely that a number of factors—external shocks, external debt, ethnic fractionalization—come together to bring a growth spell to an end.
Raising the tide
One reasonably firm conclusion is that it would be a big mistake to separate analyses of growth and income distribution. To borrow a marine analogy: a rising tide lifts all boats, and our analysis indicates that helping raise the smallest boats may help keep the tide rising for all craft, big and small.
The immediate role for policy, however, is less clear. More inequality may shorten the duration of growth, but poorly designed efforts to reduce inequality could be counterproductive. If these efforts distort incentives and undermine growth, they can do more harm than good for the poor. For example, the initial reforms that ignited growth in China involved giving stronger incentives to farmers. This increased the income of the poor and reduced overall inequality as it gave a tremendous spur to growth. However, it probably led to some increased inequality among farmers, and efforts to resist this component of inequality would likely have been counterproductive (Chaudhuri and Ravallion, 2007).
Still, there may be some win-win policies, such as better-targeted subsidies, better access to education for the poor that improves equality of economic opportunity, and active labor market measures that promote employment.
When there are short-run trade-offs between the effects of policies on growth and income distribution, the evidence we have does not in itself say what to do. But our analysis should tilt the balance toward the long-run benefits—including for growth—of reducing inequality. Over longer horizons, reduced inequality and sustained growth may be two sides of the same coin.
The analysis calls to mind the developing country debt crises of the 1980s and the resulting “lost decade” of slow growth and painful adjustment. That experience brought home the fact that sustainable economic reform is possible only when its benefits are widely shared. In the face of the current global economic turmoil and the need for difficult economic adjustment and reform in many countries, it would be better if these lessons were remembered rather than relearned.■
Andrew Berg is an Assistant Director and Jonathan D. Ostry is Deputy Director in the IMF's Research Department.
The Green Party's candidate in the Vernon-Monashee district has to think outside the box when it comes to making herself known to some voters.
“Because the Greens don't accept corporate or union donations, we have to get very creative with our campaigning,” said Westgate. “That means I have to be on doorsteps, I need to be on the phone, I need to be on social media and available to people however possible.”
On Sunday, Westgate and her supporters biked through Vernon, ending up at Kin Beach for a picnic fundraiser.
“I can't do 2,000 signs in town, I can't have all the print ads. We do need to make the most of a very small amount of money which I think is really good training for getting into government because I appreciate efficiency and I am a frugal person by nature so I personally appreciate that and I think the voters will too.”
Green supporters have even taken to standing on Highway 97, outside the campaign office in the old tourist building south of the city, waving campaign signs at drivers.
Westgate, the sales and marketing manager for Spa Hills Compost which helps businesses reduce their organic waste, is also a director for the non-profit Sustainable Environment Network Society.
She has urged the City of Vernon and the North Okanagan Regional District to become a Blue Dot community to protect the health of the community through environmental protection.
But the big, local issues of this campaign for her are “affordable housing but linked to employment as well, so good paying jobs and affordable housing.”
Westgate is on the same ladder as a lot of younger people living in Vernon – looking to buy an affordable residence.
“I've been looking for three years since moving here and it is difficult and that (problem) is connected to jobs.”
She said the Green Party platform has a multi-faceted approach to housing which includes giving basic income support to people in hard times and teens who've aged out of the foster care system.
“Working with municipalities on zoning rules and finding land that could be available affordable housing and obviously building the stock. We've allocated $750 million to build 4,000 new units per year. Obviously that's not going to be enough but we have to start somewhere. Also working with owners of buildings that are sitting empty currently and trying to bring those back either into rental stock or upgrading them, retro fitting them so they are available.”
Westgate expressed some concern with city council's decision to sell 19 acres of the Hesperia lands in Okanagan Landing to a developer.
“It does concern me from the perspective of developers don't always do what's best for the community. They're going to do what's best for the bottom line, so I really hope the developer does consider we have a desperate need for affordable housing and that sociey will benefit if we build those instead of higher end, larger houses.”
SAN FRANCISCO — Work officially began Thursday on a net under the Golden Gate Bridge intended to prevent and deter the dozens of suicides that take place at the iconic landmark each year, CBS San Francisco reported.
More than 1,500 people are thought to have died there over the bridge's 80-year lifespan.
The stainless steel net, located about 20 feet below the bridge's sidewalk, will span 1.7 miles of roadway on each side of the bridge and extend 20 feet out over the water.
It will be built over a period of four years, at a cost of just over $200 million drawn from a mix of federal, state and local sources.
At a ceremony today to mark the start of the project, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said that during the long process of obtaining the funding for the project, people would ask her, “isn't that a lot of money for a net?”
“And we would say no, it's not a lot of money for a life, for all of these lives,” Pelosi said.
Suicide barrier approved for Golden Gate Bridge
“Together we are acting on a deep moral imperative to save lives wherever we can,” Pelosi said.
The scenic bridge has proven to have a deadly allure over the years.
In 2016 alone, 39 people died by suicide there. Bridge patrol officers also conducted 184 successful interventions in 2016 to keep people from harming themselves.
U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, a former San Francisco mayor, shared her own personal experience with a Golden Gate Bridge suicide, when radio talk show host and political activist Duane Garrett, who had worked on her campaigns, took his own life there in 1995.
“For many years, I had to wonder why,” Feinstein said. “And there are many families here today that have had to wonder why.”
Despite the many deaths, the families of suicide victims have had a long, hard battle of many years, first to win support for a suicide barrier of some sort and then to see it funded.
Local officials scrambled to assemble the last piece of funding in December 2016, after bids came in at least $120 million over original estimates.
Kymberlyrenee Gamboa, who lost her 18-year-old son Kyle to suicide on the Golden Gate Bridge in 2013, said Thursday his death had led her and her husband on a journey to determine what could have led to his death and how others like it could be prevented.
“Today marks the beginning of the end of suicides on the Golden Gate Bridge,” Gamboa said. “Soon no family will experience the tragedy of a suicide on the Golden Gate Bridge.”
A Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health review found that, overall, nine out of 10 people who attempt suicide and survive will not go on to die by suicide at a later date.
Similarly, a 1978 study conducted at the Golden Gate Bridge showed that 90 percent of those who were prevented from jumping did not later die by suicide or other violent means.
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District spokeswoman Priya Clemens said, “The construction starts this year but people won't see very much right now, what they're going to see is a little bit of fencing going up that'll protect the contractors as they're underneath the bridge taking measurements.”
Clemens said, “The concept behind the suicide deterrent is that the people who come here don't actually want to hurt themselves, they want to end their lives, and when you see a hard stainless steel platform two stories down that you will hit when you jump off the sidewalk, that's going to stop you from jumping at all.”
Work crews will begin installing temporary fencing along the bridge approaches and around the tower legs in May, with installation set to follow in mid-2018.
QuestQuest - May Development Update
It has been a month since I started working on QuestQuest. A lot has happened in this time and it is a good moment to present a short summary of what has been achieved.
Plan vs Reality
As you remember, the plan for QuestQuest is to develop and publish a working game within 3 months. Initially the first month was planned to be spent mainly on software framework. In reality, May was both month of software framework development and building online presence.
Programming - Framework
I didn't have any previous code for Android development, so QuestQuest was started from level 0. What has been created:
display framework - a simple set of classes to display 2D sprites using GLES
animation framework - set of classes that allow time-based animation (i.e. movement) of sprites on screen
gui and gadgets - basic gadgets and interaction elements - window, button, label and click/touch event handling
level map handling - classes that allow defining game level's 2D map composed from tiles and then move player character on it
plumbing for connecting player movement, map handling and rendering - display the area in which player is currently located
Programming - Gameplay
There was a limited amount of work on non-framework programming. Basically it boils down to two views:
main menu view representing all the main functions - screen shots of this have already been posted
game level display - showing a player on the map and moving it - this has not yet been posted as it uses placeholder textures and looks plain ugly
Assets - Graphics
Work here mainly involved creation of logos and banners
GrayGambitGames and QuestQuest logos and banners
Main menu buttons and background
Online Presence
I initially planned to start working on this in June, however, many posts from other developers underlined importance of early web presence building. Following this, I decide to speed things up. Generally I think it was a good decision, although it was probably taking about 50% of the total time I spent on QuestQuest in May. Honestly coding is sooooo easy compared to building online presence! That's what I achieved so far:
This site, graygambitgames.com - a modified Tumblr blog - is a center of GGG's activities
Twitter account: @GrayGambitGames
IndieDB entry for both company and game
TIGSource DevLog
Posted an article on Reddit
Analytics show that graygambitgames.com has been viewed around 400 times by around 100 users.
Plans for June
The main objective for June is building the core gameplay logic, so if all goes well, in one month I should be able to release betas. In parallel I will also be working on growing my online presence, hopefully by posting more in-game material! Stay tuned!
Advertisement
Microsoft, welcome! It's been too long, how are you? How's Windows 8.1 doing 7 Windows 8.1 Upgrade Issues & How To Fix Them 7 Windows 8.1 Upgrade Issues & How To Fix Them Windows 8.1 is more than a Service Pack. The significant Windows 8.1 upgrade has been reported to cause several issues during and after the update. We show you how to fix the most common ones. Read More ? That's great to hear. I made coffee, please come in. Feel free to pull up a chair, I'll be just a minute. I've got cookies.
Microsoft: we need to talk. Yes, it's about those Scroogle ads. No, I don't think they're funny, and no: I don't think Google is worried about them.
The Pawn Stars Problem
Yeah, I saw the ad with the Pawn Stars guy. Here's your coffee, let's watch it together quickly.
It's okay so far as corporate propaganda goes, but here's the thing: Chromebooks make up a tiny percentage of the already-shrinking laptop market. By making an ad attacking Google for Chromebooks, you're kind of admitting you see them as a threat.
Don't laugh, Microsoft. I know making ads with personalities from inappropriately named cable stations isn't free. You wouldn't spend the money on some niche product with no chance of success: you're trying to stomp the Chromebook out because you think it could be huge. Otherwise, why bother?
I understand that not everyone can be online all the time – I really do. Chromebooks aren't for everyone, which is why one of the journalists you quote on your website uses a Mac.
Seems like you've got no problem with Macs, and why would you: it's capable of running Office. But here's the thing: so is a Chromebook. You offer an online version of your software, and the only reason it doesn't work offline is because you haven't built that function yet.
Now I understand why you don't do that – why help Google's platform? But it's confusing: one minute you're putting out ads about how great your cloud is, the next you pretend it doesn't exist.
Don't leave, Microsoft. I'm only saying this because I'm concerned.
What If Google Did The Same Thing?
Imagine if Google put out an ad, tomorrow, with the same format. An attractive woman is trying to figure out the value of their Windows phone on, say, Antiques Roadshow. The expert examines the phone for far too long with an eyepiece, then laughs off camera.
“This is one of those Nokia Luminas,” he says, derisively. “It's a relatively new form of phone that's called Windows, but can't run traditional Windows software. Which would be fine, but the app store it does offer have a pitiful selection! And the email client…”
The banter continues, then Google throws in some stupid catch-phrase that doesn't quite work. Like “Don't get Microbricked!” Or “more like Microhard! You get the idea: something stupid, like your thing.
Google could shoot that ad tomorrow, but they don't. Because Windows Phone isn't anything close to a threat to Android right now, and they know such an ad would hurt Google more than Microsoft.
Google's entry in the laptop market may compete with PCs. I'm not sure it's trying to, but let's pretend it is. And I know you're trying to compete with Android. But when it comes to phones, you're Apple circa the early 90s: plenty of flash but really far behind on the developers front.
No, don't leave. I know it hurts but you need to hear this.
About Those Mugs…
So not only do you run an entire web site devoted to mocking Google: you also sell merchandise.
I'll admit it: I hate what the Internet did to “Keep Calm” Keep Calm: This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things, Internet. Keep Calm: This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things, Internet. Read More , so I'm not thrilled about these mugs on that level. But I'm also confused: who is going to buy these things? Who feels so passionately about their dislike for Google, yet is fine with a company that for a decade exploited its monopoly status to kill competing companies? Whose conspiracy to destroy open source is well documented? Who is one of the top investors in Facebook?
Maybe people are dumb. Maybe people have no memory. It certainly seems like you think so.
Why Google?
Look, I get it: you're a business. You need to make money. People are buying fewer PCs in favor of tablets – and not, for the most part, the tablets you make. You thought about attacking Apple, but people love Apple way too much – and the company has billions sitting around, ready for counter-ads. Best not mess with them.
So you go after Google, a company that's only your direct competitor in fields you're doing pitifully in. It makes sense. But pretending like you're some objective party, pointing out truths people don't see? And that you, a major investor in Facebook, don't know a thing or two about mining personal data?
It's just stupid, Microsoft. And everyone knows it.
You're Better Than This
You're right, maybe you should go. But let me say one more thing.
I guess what I like about tech is that, ultimately, it's all about what works. People love using their PCs to access Google services, so what's the problem? It's not as though your free search and email services are somehow magically programmed to be profitable without advertising.
And if you're such hardcore privacy advocates, why is there no similar campaign about the other privacy-redefining behemoth in the room: Facebook? Could it be your 1.6 per cent ownership of that company ($1.36 billion)?
You think that was out of line? Why? How is anything you or Facebook do any more noble than Google? Want to prove some kind of point? Remove all ads from Bing and Outlook.com, and make them subscription services. If people don't want ads, they'll switch.
That's insane, of course: people love free things. That's why you're doing this in the first place: you've seen the future, and you don't like it. Here's the thing: I don't like it either. I hate ads, and want someone to think of something better. You might be able to do that, but you're distracted.
Want to beat Google? Build Something Better
Want to beat Google? Do what they did. Google made a search product so much better than anything that existed before it that the entire world switched over in a couple of years. There was no advertising in the early days, just word of mouth. If you really want to bury Google, use the money you're putting into these dumb ads into a product that's better than theirs. Make something magnificent, something that puts Google to shame, and people will flock to it. It worked for Apple with the iPhone, and it will work for you.
Fix the things missing from Windows Phone, and stop with the Scroggled thing. It makes us see you as a sleazy politician, and that's the last thing you want to be perceived as right now.
Just stop.
Image credit: Chromebook Photo by Carol Rucker
It's Valentine's Day, that one day a year where we commemorate the murder of several early Christian saints by showing our devotion to the martyrs in our own lives. Every year on this day, men and women celebrate the bonds that unite them, scrambling to find meaningful ways to show their partners they care, while the CEO's of FTD florists, Godiva chocolates and Hallmark cards join hands around the cash register and give solemn thanks for what love has brought to their lives.
And for many of us action-oriented, Type A personalities, it's hard to show our vulnerable side, to give voice to our emotions, and to let the people we cherish know how much we care. We hope they know, but sometimes it bears saying, because relationships wither and die if not watered occasionally by words and acts of devotion.
So, on this day, take a moment to let the person beside you know that you value and cherish them, especially if they're good about cleaning the rig behind you and fronting you cash for a meal when you're broke.
What, you thought I was talking about wives and sweethearts? Heck no, I'm talking about your ambulance partner. If your romantic relationship is in trouble, you need Dr. Phil, not the advice of some divorced medic on the Internet.
So without further ado, I give you the Top Ten Ways to Show Your Partner You Care:
Buy them chocolates. Because really, do you want to be in an enclosed ambulance cab with them while they're snacking on Slim Jims and Vienna sausages at 3:00 am?
Engage in meaningful conversation. I don't mean the ordinary, mundane, where you wanna eat, complete-each-other's-sentences conversation that goes on every shift. Partners need to know that we respect and value their opinions; that we are listening to what they have to say. So when she's telling you about her kids or her boyfriend or a rival coworker or who should win American Idol, grunt occasionally, and throw in a generic reply every now and then to let her know you're still awake:
"Kids need a firm hand to go along with a nurturing heart. Good for them that you're both."
"He doesn't deserve you. You could do so much better."
"She's just jealous of you because she knows you're twice the medic she is."
"If I hear Randy Jackson say ‘Yo Dawg' one more time, I'm gonna vomit. And what does ‘pitchy' mean anyway?"
Remember, sincerity is the key. Once you can fake that, everything else is easy.
Be supportive. Partners need to know that you're there for them, that you have their back. Even the slightest touch can be reassuring on those tough days. It lets your partner know "I'm here with you. You're not alone." So while he's helping to muscle the unconscious 400-pounder down a darkened stairwell in a Stokes basket, stand behind him and hang onto his belt to keep him from stumbling. It only takes one hand, after all, and you're only carrying a clipboard. Think of it as the Wedgie of Love.
Show random acts of kindness. Next time you're at the ED, bring them a cup of coffee without being asked… especially when you're unsure how old it is, and need an unsuspecting guinea pig before pouring yourself a cup.
Be spontaneous. All the relationship experts say that spontaneity adds spice to a relationship. So, surprise your partner by switching up your routine. For example, you always take the foot end of the stretcher, he takes the head. Every now and then, offer to take the heavy end. Like when the patient is really tall, and has very smelly feet.
Pay them little compliments. Everyone likes praise, and partners are no different. So, compliment the things they do well, and let them know you appreciate it. "Dude, you were doing such a great job on chest compressions, I was in total awe. I could watch you do CPR for hours."
Fix them breakfast in bed. Get up early, and knock out all the station duties before they have a chance to wake up. Then, whip up a breakfast of orange juice, coffee, sausage and scrambled eggs. At least, it looked like sausage and scrambled eggs. It may have been petrified Salisbury steak and banana custard. Leftover fridge food can be so hard to identify sometimes, and you were going to have to throw it out anyway. Besides, he has the digestive system of a billy goat, and it's the thought that counts!
Treat them to a manicure or pedicure. Next time they're sleeping on the station couch, paint their fingernails and toenails, preferably in a color that complements their eyes or uniform shirt. It tells your partner you care about their appearance, and want the public to see them in the best possible light.
Take an unplanned road trip. Freedom is a full tank of gas and an open road stretching out to the horizon in front of you, and few things are as special as sharing that experience with your partner. So, call dispatch and volunteer for that long-distance vent transfer with five IV infusions and an arterial line they've got holding. Especially if it's your turn to drive.
Romantic dinners. Nothing rekindles the magic in a relationship like a secluded, romantic dinner. Don't let the fact that you're parked under an overpass in Crack Central deter you. A couple of burger combos, crack a few light sticks for ambiance, perhaps a wandering homeless person or two playing harmonica, and the sound of sirens in the distance, and you can almost pretend you're at a sidewalk café in Paris.
Almost.
If you follow these simple relationship tips with your ambulance partner, I can virtually assure you that it will make your days off with your spouses and sweethearts that much sweeter.
Happy Valentine's Day!
You probably knew, when you started writing, that you'd signed on for murder. I was warned well in advance: One of my favorite childhood books was Lois Lowry's The One Hundredth Thing About Caroline, in which the title character finds the notebook of the man her mother is dating. “Eliminate the kids,” one note says. She and her brother swing into crime-fighting mode, only to discover in the end that this man, a writer, was talking about editing characters out of his work-in-progress.
Later, as I studied writing, I'd hear authors lament the characters they'd had to erase from draft two, the ones who “felt like real people” to them. Or they'd talk about the ones they kept around because, despite the fact that they served no real purpose in the narrative, they'd become old friends.
In fact, our first drafts are often overpopulated. There's a reason: Your character needs a boss, so you invent a boss. He's a typical boss. He wears a suit and does boss-like things. “Get me those numbers, Stan!” he says. You need someone to overhear the nighttime argument, so you invent the nosy neighbor. She's always trimming her azaleas, of course. Naturally, she's a widow in her sixties. Your character can't get over someone, so you invent the ex. A cruel, beautiful ex who appears only in flashback, saying belittling things about your guy's manhood. By halfway through a novel, you've got enough fictional characters to fill a cruise ship.
And how could you possibly cut any of them? If you lose the boss, you lose the whole storyline at work. You lose the neighbor, and all the pressure goes out of the fight scene. So you keep them all—which is often the wrong answer. Or you bite the bullet and have a stiff drink and sit down to cut those people, cut those scenes. Which is quite possibly the wrong answer too, and almost definitely unnecessary.
I faced this dilemma in my second novel, The Hundred-Year House. The last third of the book was vastly overpopulated. (It was set at an artists' colony in 1929, so I needed lots of eccentrics running around. Did I need twenty of them? No.) I realized, with horror, that three characters served largely the same function. I had two celebrities there (the painter Georgia O'Keeffe and the poet Marianne Moore) and a fictional artist named Zilla Silverman. All were serene, charismatic. All spent their days working, their nights socializing with the other artists. There were differences, certainly. Moore was a baseball fan and only wore black. O'Keeffe's husband, Alfred Stieglitz, was jealously waiting for her back in New York. Zilla was in love with a choreographer staying at the colony. I'd spent months researching O'Keeffe's and Moore's lives. I'd read an enormous volume of O'Keeffe's correspondence, just to get her voice right. “Yes yes yes,” she'd written to her husband in one ecstatic overflow—and I'd put those words in her mouth in my book.
But they couldn't all stay. Nor could they all go. I mourned for a few hours. I went for a very long walk around the grounds of the retreat where I was staying. If I'd been home, I'd have ignored the problem for days; there, I had to make a decision. I came back inside and saved my document with the date, and then I began outlining (on a scrap of notepaper) what the story would look like if these women weren't cut, but combined. Folded carefully together like egg whites and cake batter. What would a Georgia-Marianne-Zilla hybrid look like? What would she do? Well, for starters, the fact that she'd have a jealous husband would make the relationship with the choreographer much more interesting. And of course she could dress in black. Why not? She could share Moore's wicked sense of humor. I'd name her Zilla (I was a little worried all along about O'Keeffe or Moore feeling like superfluous cameos), but the painting she'd be working on that summer on would recognizably, to O'Keefe fans, be Oak Leaves, Pink and Gray. She could be famous. Everyone could know about the nude portraits her photographer husband had exhibited of her. She could say “Yes yes yes.”
And suddenly I had, instead of three characters each serving one function, one character with complexities and contradictions and nuance. I had a human being more three-dimensional than any of my original characters had been.
That particular instance of character-folding—my first—was a necessity. But afterwards, I started looking for opportunities to fold characters together even in less-populated stories.
Think of it as economy of character. And think of it as a challenge, something you go into your manuscript looking for. Because let's face it, characters aren't going to jump up and nominate themselves for the slaughter.
Last fall, I took a big sheet of butcher paper and made a character chart for my current novel-in-progress, The Great Believers. My main character, Yale, was in a bubble at the center, and people from different facets of his life spread out around him in clumps, like bunches of balloons. Work people over here, friends on the left, family on the bottom. There was some color-coding too, an excuse to use my fancy pens. I instantly saw that Yale had too many friends, that a few of them were redundant. I saw some easy combinations, the only real ensuing quandaries being along the lines of whose name would win out. (Rodney or Carlos? And would this guy be a teacher, like Rodney, or a dancer, like Carlos?) I saw that the dead friend one of my characters is mourning could easily be the same person as the dead brother another woman mourns. Duh.
But then came the connections that weren't so obvious. Could the man one character stays with in Paris in 2015 be the same guy who threw that party back in 1985? Could the latchkey-kid son of a 1985 character grow up into the controlling, cult-member husband of a young woman in 2015? Maybe, as long as it wasn't pure coincidence. They were raised in the same circles, after all… Surely an introduction could be arranged.
From these connections, new plot points magically grew, helpful new pressures. I'd been stuck, and suddenly things were crackling. My story had momentum. I wasn't walking the dog anymore; it was walking me.
You know who's great at this stuff? Television writers. With a limited cast and a limited budget, and with certain actors' contracts stipulating the number of episodes in which they'll have significant arcs, TV writers are forced to use, again and again, the same characters in different capacities. Granted, at its worst this gives us the soap opera character with a thirty-year arc who's been married sixteen times, committed two murders, switched places with her twin, been both the mayor and a convict, and had an affair with her own brother. But at its best, we get Mad Men or The Sopranos, shows that knew how to add layer after layer to a character. Shows that knew how to bring a character back after a long absence—changed, charged, and ready to shake up the world.
I was always fascinated, in college sociology class, by the distinctions between societies in which we know everyone in one capacity (think of the modern city, where your mail carrier is just your mail character) and ones with multiple connections (say, a small Midwestern town in 1952, where your mail carrier is married to your sister, went to high school with your brother, sold you your dog, runs the lemonade stand every summer at the 4th of July parade, is widely known to be the town peeping Tom).
I happen to live in the second type of situation (minus the peeping Tom). Contrary to everything I thought about the way my life would turn out, despite the fact that I'm very much a city girl, I moved back to the relatively small town where I grew up; my husband teaches at the boarding school I attended, and we live on campus. I'm looking out the window right now across the quad at the house of my former drama teacher, whose son I went to school with. This man also directed me in my first play, when I was five. His wife works at the frame shop in town and frames our pictures. My kids are terrified of his dog. When he retires this June, we're moving into his apartment.
And that's the tip of the iceberg, a fairly simple connection compared to some of the decades-long sagas around here. I love these people, which is why I'm saving my campus novel for sometime in the late 2040s.
Granted, my life is odd. You're probably not about to inherit your old drama teacher's home. And maybe your life experience has been entirely one of unilateral relationships. But there are some situations that just don't transfer easily to the page (the workday of a tax attorney, a five-hour committee meeting), and the one-sided relationships of modern urban society fall in that category. Better instead to shrink the walls around your world, to push your characters together and then push them together again and then again and then again.
We don't need to trap our characters at a boarding school, or even in a small town. But we can all find ways to weave their threads more closely together, ways these people can reappear throughout each other's lives. It's likely that we already have everything we need—just spread out over many different characters. Characters ripe for harvesting, for smooshing together.
Listen: Maybe the boss in your story is the same person as the ex.
(But the boss I had in mind was male!)
Nope, her name is Sheila. She broke your guy's heart, but three years later she hired him. Is he still in love with her? A little bit. And guess what: She's his nosy neighbor, too.
(How is that even possible?)
Because her mother's ill, and she moved in to take care of her. So now she's going to be the one to overhear the fight.
(But this complicates things so much. I mean, when he goes into work the next day…)
Isn't complication what you were looking for? Isn't complication the whole point?
(Damn you.)
I know, I know, I know.
Rebecca Makkai is the Chicago-based author of the short story collection Music for Wartime, which appeared in 2015, and of the novels The Hundred-Year House, winner of the Chicago Writers Association's Novel of the Year award, and The Borrower, a Booklist Top Ten Debut which has been translated into eight languages. Her short fiction was chosen for The Best American Short Stories for four consecutive years (2011, 2010, 2009 and 2008), and appears regularly in journals like Harper's, Tin House, and New England Review. The recipient of a 2014 NEA fellowship, Makkai has taught at the Iowa Writers Workshop, Tin House, and Northwestern University.
The Double Gameweeks are upon us with the Premier League announcing that nine out of ten postponed fixtures have now been re-arranged. We can now start to plan in earnest, although the re-scheduling of Crystal Palace vs Everton, which was postponed due to their involvement in the FA Cup semi-final over Gameweek 35, could yet throw us a late curveball. Here's my assessment of how we can best take advantage of the revised fixture list with minimal hits.
The three main weeks that require our attention to maximise the number of players we field are double Gameweek 34, the blanks in Gameweek 35, and double Gameweek 37. Different teams are affected in different ways by these Gameweeks and fall into five scheduling categories.
Doubles and Blanks
Double Gameweek 34, Game in Week 35, Double Gameweek 37
At the moment only Liverpool have two doubles and plays in Gameweek 35, but Everton could also join this elite group if their game at Crystal Palace is rescheduled in the midweek part of Gameweek 35. With seven fixtures in the last five weeks, Liverpool is the gold standard team of this congested fixture period.
Double Gameweek 34, Game in Week 35, Single Gameweek 37
Arsenal, Manchester City, West Brom and Newcastle will be good to have going into Gameweeks 34 and 35 as they have three fixtures over these two Gameweeks. However, we may want to sell them ahead of double Gameweek 37 when they only play once. Crystal Palace could foreseeably join this group too if their game vs Everton is in the midweek portion of Gameweek 35.
Double Gameweek 34, Blank in Week 35, Double Gameweek 37
West Ham, Manchester United and Watford are good to have in moderation in Gameweek 34, but if you have too many you will find yourself struggling to field 11 players in Gameweek 35. A goalkeeper and three outfielders from this lot seems optimal for maximising players from both double Gameweeks whilst still being able to hide them on your bench in Gameweek 35.
Single Gameweek 34, Game in Week 35, Double Gameweek 37
Chelsea and Sunderland can be avoided in an early wildcard and then bought from Gameweek 35 onwards to replace players without any more double Gameweeks.
Single Gameweek 34, Blank in Week 35, Double Gameweek 37
Norwich only have one game in Gameweek 34 and then a blank in Gameweek 35 so are best avoided until Gameweek 36 at the earliest, but even then they play away at Arsenal so perhaps Norwich punts are best avoided until Gameweek 37 itself.
The Straight and Narrow Teams
These seven teams have no double Gameweeks but no blanks either. You may want to hold a couple of assets from these teams purely as good single Gameweek options, especially if you have already used your Wildcard early.
Crystal Palace and Everton
Crystal Palace vs Everton is a game which has yet to be scheduled as there are no obvious places to put it due to Everton's fixture congestion. This fixture could realistically fall anywhere between Gameweek 33 and the end of Gameweek 37. If it goes in one of Gameweeks 33, 35 or 36 the teams either have to play Saturday-Monday or the fixture will clash with European TV scheduling such as a Champions League or Europa League quarter or semi final. Alternatively it goes in Gameweek 34 or 37 and like Middlesbrough in 2006, Everton could have a triple Gameweek playing Saturday-Monday-Wednesday. Expect plenty of rotation if this should be the case.
The Strategies
With two main double Gameweeks this year, having bench boost and triple captaincy chips as well as a second Wildcard intact will be crucial to success. Here are the various strategies for getting the most out of transfers, chips and Wildcards over this busy period. I've also looked at options for those who have already used their second wildcard.
Bench Boost Gameweek 34, Triple Captain Gameweek 37
The most conventional way to play out the last six weeks and maximising our player count is to Wildcard in Gameweek 33 with the following*:
3x Liverpool players (DGW34, GW35, DGW37)
4-6x** West Ham/Man United/Watford players (DGW34, Blank35, DGW37)
4-6x Arsenal/Man City/WBA/Newcastle players (DGW34, SGW35, SGW37)
*Everton and Palace can be mixed into these three groups when we know how their final fixture falls.
** This needs to include a goalkeeper so that four can be benched in Gameweek 35.
This gives us 15 players to Bench Boost in Gameweek 34 and two free transfers going into Gameweek 35. In Gameweek 35 if we reduce our blank count down to four players (assuming one is a goalkeeper) by buying Chelsea or Sunderland assets we can field 11 players while maximising our DGW37 player count. If we use both free transfers we should now have nine Double Gameweek players ready for Gameweek 37.
Then in Gameweeks 36 and 37 we can use our next two free transfers to buy in two more Double Gameweek 37 players and field a full XI playing twice. In this week we will also have choice from the likes of Diego Costa, Dimitri Payet, Romelu Lukaku and Roberto Firmino for our Triple Captaincy chip.
A variation of this is to Wildcard in Gameweek 32 and have a floating free transfer for use in Gameweek 33 or 34, perhaps to hold onto Mahrez for his trip to Sunderland in Gameweek 33 before selling him for a DGW34 player.
Players without Wildcards may like to use this general strategy but holding some Leicester and Tottenham assets through Gameweeks 34 and 35, using them as strong SGW players in a bench boost and taking advantage of their favourable fixtures in Gameweek 35.
Triple Captain Gameweek 34, Bench Boost Gameweek 37
This strategy opens up the door to triple-captaining heavy-hitting Arsenal or Man City players such as Sanchez, Ozil, or Aguero or even a Manchester United player while they have two easy home games against Aston Villa and Crystal Palace. Two clean sheets and a goal for Smalling would be in the range of 60-72 points for a triple captaincy. It also allows us to hold key Leicester, Tottenham and Southampton players through to their favourable fixtures in Gameweek 35.
This strategy works best if one already has six double Gameweek 34 players and two free transfers currently.
With two free transfers and three more before Gameweek 34, we can build our squad up to 11 double Gameweek players. For these 11 there is more flexibility as we are not bound to three Liverpool players like we are in the other strategy and just need the following*:
6+ Liverpool/Arsenal/Man City/West Brom/Newcastle players (DGW34, SGW35)
Up to 5 West Ham/Man United/Watford players (DGW34, Blank35)
4 players with SGW34, SGW35
*Everton and Palace can be mixed into these three groups when we know how their final fixture falls.
Then with our free transfer in Gameweek 35 we can sell a blank player for a one-week punt of our choice. In Gameweek 36 we can then Wildcard and then bring in 15 double Gameweek 37 players and Bench Boost appropriately.
The ramifications of Crystal Palace vs Everton
As alluded to earlier, this fixture will force us to change our plans in some way. A double Gameweek 33, really pushes the Wildcard Gameweek 33 strategy and makes fitting in three Everton players a priority from the get-go. A triple Gameweek 34 would make triple-captaining Lukaku a real possibility; then, the Bench Boost would be delayed until Gameweek 37. A match for Everton in Gameweek 35 also loosens the need for three Liverpool players, and makes passage for a late Wildcard easier. A double Gameweek 36 makes a Wildcard in Gameweek 36 even more enticing, while a triple Gameweek 37 makes an early bench boost with triple captaining Lukaku in a triple Gameweek 37 the ideal.
Hopefully this fixture is arranged at some point over the international break before Gameweek 32.
Caveats
For all this planning, both scenarios above are “best case” and don't legislate for the actual appeal of the players, their fixtures, rotation worries or the fact red cards and injuries will probably reign you in from getting the idealistic double Gameweek teams. Furthermore these strategies are pushing the boundaries of double Gameweek availability, bench boosting a team with 13 Double Gameweek players; Harry Kane and Riyad Mahrez could easily do better on their day than 15 double Gameweek players. Finally, all this planning is designed to be hit-free, a well-planned four-point hit here or there can reap rewards if it gives you access to better players with better fixtures.
My Plan
As my team looks pretty well set for a late Wildcard, I am still open to either strategy. This week I will be holding my free transfer and hoping for some clarification on the Crystal Palace vs Everton fixture over the international break.
I hope this helps your decision on what to do with your current setup, and if you're set on Wildcarding in Gameweek 33, good luck with your two-week punts in the meantime.
President-elect Donald Trump gave the press the slip on Tuesday night so he could sneak out and enjoy some grub at the 21 Club in Midtown.
The billionaire was spotted inside the upscale steakhouse around 7:30 p.m. — just over an hour after his spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, told pool reporters he was bedding down for the night.
“I wasn't aware of this movement,” she later explained, adding that she would never purposely “leave the press in the dark.”
While the dinner choice left the media mad, diners inside the former speakeasy were ecstatic.
“There was a standing ovation when he came and left,” said Andrew Testo, a 43-year-old who was eating with friends. “He was with his whole family. It was like Sunday dinner with the Trumps, but on a Tuesday. It was awesome.”
The president-elect was accompanied by his children during the meal, though it was unclear exactly what he ate. His Secret Service detail was able to get him back to Trump Tower by 9:41 p.m.
The dinner comes after some reporters criticized Trump for breaking with tradition and not informing the press of his moves.
Readers of TOO are familiar with Tim Wise (see Mark Green: My Smackdown with Anti-White Crusader Tim Wise; see also here and here.) The general theme is that Wise presents himself as a White crusader against White privilege and injustice when in fact he is Jewish. His attitude toward the White majority is typical of Jews and, as with the vast majority of American Jews, he has directed all his energies against White “racism” in America and against apartheid South Africa while pretty much avoiding the issue of Jewish ethnocentrism and apartheid in Israel.
Wise's comments on the election are a must-read for every White person in America (“An Open Letter to the White Right, On the Occasion of Your Recent, Successful Temper Tantrum“).
The hatred is palpable. We at TOO have continually harped on the theme that Whites are beset by a hostile elite and that when we become a minority we will be physically endangered—just as the ethnic Russians and Ukrainians saw their elites eradicated and millions of their people murdered by the hostile elite that ruled the USSR (see also Solzhenitsyn's 200 Years Together). It is very dangerous for any ethnic group to give up political power and control. Voluntarily giving up power to ethnic groups that hold historical grudges is insane.
Realize that Wise addresses his letter to the “White Right.” But the Whites who voted Republican are a majority of Whites of all social classes. Make no mistake about it, Wise is directing his comments at the great majority of White Americans.
I agree with Wise's basic point—that the clock is ticking on White America because of the increasing power of non-Whites. But notice how he phrases it:
The kind of math … proves how your kind — mostly older white folks beholden to an absurd, inaccurate, nostalgic fantasy of what America used to be like — are dying. You're like the bad guy in every horror movie ever made, who gets shot five times, or stabbed ten, or blown up twice, and who will eventually pass — even if it takes four sequels to make it happen — but who in the meantime keeps coming back around, grabbing at our ankles as we walk by, we're having been mistakenly convinced that you were finally dead this time. Fair enough, and have at it. But remember how this movie ends. Our ankles survive. You do not.
This is not the place to go into detail on Wise's warped view of American history–that the end of slavery, the rights of women and the end of child labor were all advocated by majorities of White Americans. Does he really think that children would be better off in, say, China? Or that women would be better off if they were treated like they are in the Arab world or in Africa?As the recent election shows, the anti-White revolution that is sweeping away Whites is not favored by most Whites and that is becoming increasingly evident. That's why Wise has to rely on the demographic triumph of non-Whites to achieve the destruction of Whites that that he so fervently desires. But realize that the end of White power will mean the end of all White-created institutions, including constitutional government, democratic representation and the rule of law—all creations of White Americans deriving from their ethnic proclivities and absent in pretty much the rest of the non-White world. Does Wise really look forward to a country that is run like typical African countries or like Mexico? As Enoch Powell said, our future is rivers of blood.
Wise is ecstatic about the demise of White America, but he claims he does not mean to physically destroy Whites, just let them die off.
And I do not mean by that your physical destruction. We don't play those games. We're not into the whole “Second Amendment remedies, militia, armed resistance” bullshit that your side fetishizes, cuz, see, we don't have to be. We don't need guns. We just have to be patient. And wait for your hearts to stop beating. Do you hear it? The sound of your empire dying? Your nation, as you knew it, ending, permanently? Because I do, and the sound of its demise is beautiful. So know this. If you thought this election was payback for 2008, remember… Payback, thy name is… Temporary.
Temporary indeed. But who in their right mind would believe that people like Wise would not love to engage in murderous revenge against Whites when they have the power to do so? And he has plenty of allies among the non-Whites who are rapidly increasing their power. Don't say you weren't warned.
Dubai's surpassing of Heathrow comes as the Airports Commission, a body set up by the British government, seeks to reach conclusions on whether to recommend a new runway at Heathrow or Gatwick, the UK's second largest airport.
Both Heathrow and Gatwick on Monday reported record passenger numbers for 2014, and brandished the figures as support for their cases for new capacity.
Heathrow dealt with 73.4 million passengers — a combination of domestic and international travelers — last year, up 1.4 per cent compared with 2013, as additional large aircraft flew into the airport.
Read MoreLondon airspace recovers from computer failure: Eurocontrol
Heathrow highlighted strong traffic growth on routes to emerging markets, including China and Mexico.
However, Mr Griffiths, a former head of Gatwick, said that Dubai would continue to grow strongly, adding it was "highly unlikely the UK will regain number one spot for international passengers".
When airport capacity is constrained, companies "start to base headquarters overseas because of cost of travel. It strikes at the core of a country's ability to be competitive", he said.
"Dubai has got them on the run. Now it's ahead, it's ahead to stay there," said David Bentley, analyst at the Center for Aviation.
The FGM-172 SRAW (Short-Range Assault Weapon), also known as the Predator SRAW, was a lightweight, close range missile system produced by Lockheed Martin, developed by Lockheed Martin and Israel Military Industries.[1] It was designed to complement the Javelin anti-tank missile. The Predator had a longer range and was more powerful than the AT4 that it is designed to replace, but had a shorter range than the Javelin.
The missile system received the FGM-172 designation from the Department of Defense in 2006. Prior to that it was known as the SRAW MK 40 MOD 0.
Features [ edit ]
The Predator was a fire-and-forget weapon utilizing a pre-launch system where the gunner tracked the target three seconds before launch and the internal system measured target speed and direction and was used in conjunction with known missile flight performance to predict where the target would be when the missile was in a position to intercept. The missile's flight path would overfly the target aim point. A dual laser and magnetic sensor would detect the target and trigger the detonation of the warhead. The laser sensor would locate the positions of the leading and trailing edges of the tank, and the magnetic sensor would provide confirmation of the position of the tank. The missile also used an inertial guidance unit to guide the weapon over the predicted intercept point, compensating for crosswind and launcher motion (the launcher may be mounted on or fired from a vehicle). For direct attacks the missile acted as an unguided, flattened trajectory, line-of-sight weapon and the warhead detonates on impact.[2]
Advantages [ edit ]
The Predator is a useful complement for Javelin since it has a significantly shorter minimum range, especially in direct attack mode where it can be fired window to window across a typical street. It is also much lighter than Javelin which makes carrying one or more additional rounds easier where the situation warrants or allows a lighter and shorter range solution. Additionally, because it utilizes a different guidance mechanism it is more difficult to defeat both threats with a single defense. It can also be carried by every member of the platoon, giving infantry units increased firepower and survivability against enemy armor.
Variants [ edit ]
The missile was produced in two variants, each with a separate weapons payload.
The FGM-172A featured a downward-firing top attack warhead activated by a dual sensor fuse, intended for use as an anti-armor weapon.
The FGM-172B featured a multi-purpose blast-fragmentation warhead, intended for use as an assault weapon. Also known as the FGM-172B SRAW-MPV.
History [ edit ]
The SRAW (Short-Range Assault Weapon) program was begun by the U.S. Marine Corps in 1987 as a replacement for existing unguided M72 LAW and AT4 anti-armor rockets. A demonstration/validation phase was conducted by several companies between February 1990 and mid-1993, with the first test firings occurring in 1991. In July 1994, the Predator design of Loral (now Lockheed Martin) was selected for the EMD (Engineering and Manufacturing Development) phase. EMD Phase I was completed in March 1998, followed by Phase II; 230 missiles were produced during EMD. In February 2002, the Marine Corps signed a contract with Lockheed Martin for the low-rate initial production (LRIP) of 330 Predator systems, with a second LRIP contract for 400 systems signed in January 2003. In October 2003, the Marine Corps announced a decision to cancel further procurement of the system following completion of low-rate production. The system successfully completed first article and lot 1 testing at the Naval Air Warfare Center, China Lake, California in December 2003. In June 2004, Lockheed Martin received a contract to refit all 700 remaining SRAW rounds to the FGM-172B SRAW-MPV (Multi-Purpose Variant) configuration with a new multi-purpose blast-fragmentation warhead, converting the system from an anti-armor to a direct-fire urban assault weapon effective against buildings and bunkers, which better fulfilled the needs of the Marines in response to requirements identified during Operation Iraqi Freedom; delivery of the first 400 rounds was completed in May 2005.[2][3] As of 2005, all the FGM-172A missiles supplied previously to the USMC had been retrofitted with the FGM-172B multi-purpose blast warhead to replace the top attack anti-armor warhead.[4]
The Kestrel was a derivative of the Predator for the British Army's Next-generation Light Anti-tank Weapon (NLAW). In 2000, the UK Ministry of Defence carried out trials of 13 Kestrels. In May 2002, the Saab Bofors Dynamics MBT-LAW was chosen for the UK NLAW requirement.[2][3] In 2003, the U.S. Army decided not to adopt a version of the Predator as its MPIM/SRAW (Multipurpose Individual Munition – Short Range Assault Weapon) candidate.[5]
Former operators [ edit ]
Delegate Views Don't Always Reflect Party As A Whole
Ever wondered whether convention delegates hold political views that are more extreme than most members of their own parties? You could ask them.
CBS has polled delegates to the two major party conventions since 1968. The American Enterprise Institute has put together the numbers regarding delegate opinions about issues of the day. While there aren't any huge surprises, it's still an informative look at how Democratic and Republican activists have become more polarized.
Republican and Democratic delegates tend to be about the same age. In 1968, the median age among both groups was 49, while in 2008 it was 54. But there are other big demographic differences.
The percentage of female Democratic delegates shot up from 13 percent in 1968 to 49 percent four years ago. There were actually more Republican women at the 1968 convention (16 percent), but their numbers have since only doubled to 32 percent in 2008.
Not surprisingly, a similar story can be told about African-Americans, who made up just 5 percent of Democratic delegates in 1968 but had risen to 23 percent in 2008. The percentage of black GOP delegates stood at 2 percent in 1968, hit a peak of 6 percent in 2004, but was back down to 2 percent in 2008.
The AEI analysis covered the 40 years from 1968 to 2008. A demographic breakdown of this year's delegates isn't yet available.
The polling reveals expected differences between the parties on issues such as abortion, the role of government, and foreign policy and trade. What's instructive is how the delegates tend to hold stronger opinions than other members of their parties, as measured by broader public opinion polls.
In 1996, 61 percent of delegates to the Democratic convention believed that abortion should be permitted in all cases, compared with just 30 percent of Democrats at large. By contrast, rank-and-file Republicans were more open to keeping abortion available. Only 18 percent believed it should be permitted only when necessary to save the woman's life, compared with 27 percent of GOP delegates.
Even issues that are no longer salient show how different delegates to the two conventions are. In 2008, nearly all Democratic delegates — 95 percent — believed it was a mistake for the U.S. to have taken military action against Iraq. Eighty percent of Republican delegates believed the U.S. had done the right thing, with only 13 percent viewing the war as a mistake.
Just yesterday, we talked about how Battlefield 4 is taking advantage of the PS4's DualShock 4's touchpad, and tilt sensors.
Now, we also know which button will be used to “spot” enemies, which button knife takedowns have been switched to and more.
Over on Reddit, eSports commentator and BF4 live-stream host GoldenboyFTW (Alex Mendez) has divulged a few BF4 details from his hands-on with the PS4 version at gamescom.
First off, he mentions how R1 is now used to spot, which readers using controllers on PC will be familiar with. While holding the R1 button is known to bring up a radial menu (commorose on console), tapping it will “spot” enemies.
I had a chance to play the PS4 version at Gamescom and spotting is done with R1 for sure. Oh and it plays wonderfully!
Of course, seeing as R1 will be used for spotting/radial menu, and the R2 trigger is now being used to fire your gun, where does this leave the knife button? Well, it seems it's either going to be mapped to the circle button or by pushing in R3 (which was used to crouch and go prone). Here's Mendez's response:
It was either circle or pushing in the R3 button.
I know what you're thinking; if knife takedowns are using the circle or R3 button, where does that leave the “use” and “prone” inputs? Sadly, that's not clear for now. However, there is a silver-lining for those who cringed when DICE revealed that aiming down sight and firing will be relegated to the L2/R2 buttons instead of the PS3's L1/R1 configuration.
According to Mendez, DICE will be offering an “alternate” control scheme, though he mentions using L2 and R2 are “very comfortable.”
You will feel very comfortable with it BUT they said they are providing the alternate version.
Well, there you go. Hopefully, offering an alternate control method should make Battlefield console vets feel right at home straightaway.
For more on BF4, make sure to read up on how DICE won't be making yearly iterations of the franchise, the complete weapon camos detailed, and how the final base game will have 7 game modes across 10 multiplayer maps.
Thanks, Jonathan Mejia!
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved CREDIT: Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved CREDIT: Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (WCMH)--A North Carolina police officer connected with a suicidal student this week and helped him get the help he needed.
The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department says Officer Tim Purdy was called out to an area high school to help a young student with autism who had left the campus.
Purdy sat down in the parking lot with the boy and started talking to him. CMPD says Purdy helped the boy talk things through and got him to start laughing. With that trust established, Purdy and other officers were able to help the boy.
https://www.facebook.com/124757580932140/photos/a.177061822368382.43502.124757580932140/1034079919999897
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Officer Tim Purdy (CREDIT: Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department)
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Officer Tim Purdy (CREDIT: Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department)
"There's more to policing than making arrests and enforcing the law. Sometimes taking those extra little steps makes the biggest difference in someone's life," the police department wrote.
The post has been shared almost 128,000 times.
Purdy was recognized in 2014 as the "officer of the month" for his help to apprehend a robbery suspect.
CEDAR RAPIDS  The Simply Sensual lingerie and gift shop in a west-side strip mall has 30 days to remove its adult material including books, videos, sex toys and other adult items following a Monday afternoon ruling by the citys Board of Adjustment.
The Board of Adjustment voted 5-0 to deny shop owner Patricia Edmonds appeal of a decision by the citys Building Services Division, which had concluded that Edmonds business was an adult entertainment establishment more than a lingerie shop and that it was operating illegally in a commercial district and too close to a church, day care and residential area.
After Mondays hea
ring, Edmonds said she will appeal the boards decision to court.
"Its a violation of my rights," she said.
Edmonds argued to the Board of Adjustment, as she has done to city officials, that the citys adult entertainment ordinance is too vague and subjective and so unfair to her when it says that a business is an adult entertainment establishment if a "significant and substantial" portion of its business involves adult items. She said the standard does not provide any objective standard to measure how much of her business can be adult in nature.
Edmonds has operated her shop since July at 2129 Wiley Blvd. SW in a strip mall next to a Laundromat and a Mexican grocery store.
However, the Rev. Jay Eberly, minister of the Spirit of Faith Family Church, informed the Board of Adjustment that his churchs property line sits 23 feet from Edmonds store where his church also runs a day care operation. He noted that the citys zoning ordinance requires an adult entertainment establishment to be 450 feet from a church or day care if the adult entertainment establishment is in a zoning area where such establishments are permitted. Edmonds shop is not in such a zoning area.
Eberly said Edmonds shop is the kind of place that could attract child molesters.
Raymond Nees, the citys assistant manager for building services, told the Board of Adjustment that a "significant and substantial" portion of Edmonds business involves adult entertainment items because removing the items from her inventory will be "detrimental" to the shop.
The five-member Board of Adjustment  all five are men  did not comment in voting to deny Edmonds appeal.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The Archbishop of Canterbury has insisted that the Church of England should embrace traditionalists who believe same-sex relationships are “deeply, deeply wrong”.
Archbishop Justin Welby made the comments in a panel discussion at the Greenbelt Christian festival in Northamptonshire, according to Christian Today.
During a Q&A session, the Archbishop was confronted by a gay Christian who cannot have their union blessed under the Church's current rules.
Archbishop Welby said: “Do I know when there will be a point when the blessing [of same-sex partnerships] will happen? No. I don't and I can't see the road ahead.”
Speaking about the Church's constantly-shifting position, he said “we have to find a way to love and embrace everyone who loves Jesus Christ”, including people who believe that same-sex relationships are “deeply, deeply wrong”.
He added that on both sides of the argument it was an “incredible clash that is so important to so many people and goes to the heart of the identity of so many people”.
However, he did condemn the Church's “vicious” stance on homosexuality previously, noting that “now we just look odd”.
The audience applauded when he admitted being “constantly consumed with horror” at the way in which the Church has treated LGBT people.
Under the Archbishop's tenure, the Church has implemented rules that banned gay clergy from entering same-sex marriages.
The rules have seen a number of gay vicars punished simply for getting married – with some hiding in fear while others were dismissed from their jobs.
A hospital chaplain who brought an employment tribunal case against the Church on the issue recently lost out – after the Church successfully argued it was exempt from the parts of the 2010 Equality Act that ban discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation.
Evangelical groups within the Church of England are readying for a split, in the event that the Church opts to embrace same-sex unions.
Alabama had to wait an hour and a half to get its Tuesday night softball game started against Loyola-Chicago, but once the Crimson Tide – and particularly pitcher Alexis Osorio – got going, it was as if nothing had changed. Osorio had her second consecutive one-hitter and for the second straight game struck out 18 batters in pitching a complete game shutout.
Alabama defeated previously unbeaten Loyola-Chicago (14-1), 5-0, after sitting out the rain delay. The Tide improved to 20-2 with its 13th straight win, and Osorio is now 10-1.
Alabama doesn't have to wait long for its next challenge. Bama hosts Valparaiso at 6 p.m. today. Coach Patrick Murphy's Tide begins Southeastern Conference play this weekend. Arkansas visits Rhoads Stadium for a series beginning Friday.
Against Loyola, Alabama scored in five of the six innings it came to bat while Loyola-Chicago was stymied by Osorio, who had her third game this season with at least 18 strikeouts. Five times in Alabama history has a pitcher had 18 or more strikeouts in a game and Osorio has three of them this season.
Six of the Tide's nine starters got a hit, led by Peyton Grantham with a 2-2 performance. Freshman Bailey Hemphill delivered her team-leading fifth home run of the season.
For the second-straight week, Alabama softball is ranked No. 9 in the ESPN.com/USA Softball poll and No. 11 in the USA Today/NFCA poll following last week's games. Bama went 6-0 last week, outscoring its opponents 42-5, including a pair of no-hitters.
No new teams entered the top 10 this week in the NFCA poll while 11th-ranked Minnesota moved up to No. 7 in the USA Softball poll. The top four in the NFCA poll remain the same from last week, with Florida State at the top, while Auburn slid down one spot to No. 4 in the USA Softball poll, switching places with third-ranked Oregon who trail Florida State and Florida.
Alabama is one of 10 SEC schools ranked in this week's top 25, the most of any conference. Ranked SEC teams include Auburn (2/4), Florida (3/1), Texas A&M (6/5), Alabama (11/9), LSU (12/12), Tennessee (14/13), Georgia (16/17), Kentucky (19/20), Ole Miss (22/22) and Missouri (24/RV). Arkansas is receiving votes outside the top 25 in the NFCA poll.
Get the biggest Birmingham City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
DEFIANT Blues fans took to the streets in protest against the decision not to allow an open-top bus tour through Birmingham to mark the team's Carling Cup win.
Despite fans last week claiming thousands would gather for their own unofficial celebration, only around 100 gathered in the city centre's Victoria Square having walked there in small groups following the civic reception at St Andrew's yesterday.
They then marched through the streets, chanting: “We're Birmingham City, we'll do what we want,” as bewildered shoppers looked on.
They stopped outside Aston Villa FC's official shop on New Street, where they shouted and swore to workers inside, before heading on through Bullring shopping centre up to the Chinese Quarter and along Hurst Street.
They started to disband after getting lost and failing to find Sherlock Street, where they had planned to end their protest over Birmingham City Council's decision not to hold a parade due to health and safety reasons.
Andrew Henry, a 21-year-old trainee social worker, of Sheldon, attached a huge Blues flag to the columns of the Council House.
“I know I am speaking on behalf of every Birmingham City FC supporter when I say I am disappointed we didn't get an open-top bus parade,” he said.
Brendan Anderson, 46, a builder of Bartley Green, who was in Victoria Square with his son Liam, 12, added: “I can't believe we have been denied this parade, it's a disgrace.”
Carer Kevin Roberts, aged 45, of Yardley, said: “I think it's appalling. The official celebration was pathetic It would have been much better to have done something last week. It's spoilt it for me really. It's like we never won.”
The bodies of the victims were found, but survivors still not located. According to independent sources, each year in China about 20 000 miners die. Collusion of business and government to whitewash accidents.
Beijing (AsiaNews / Agencies) - Twenty miners were killed and 17 others remain trapped in a tunnel after a gas explosion in a mine in Yuzhou (Henan). The explosion occurred this morning at 6:00 (local time) and rescue teams found 20 dead at 13.00. But the 17 survivors have not yet been located.
The news of the accident and death of miners is reported in a few lines from Xinhua, only days after the global media exposure on the rescue of 33 miners from Chile.
According to some studies, the coal mines in China are by far the most dangerous in the world. Official figures speak of 2900 deaths a year. But unofficial sources say that there are at least 20 thousand victims of accidents in mines in China a year: their actual number is impossible to certify because the owners, helped by people in the government, whitewash every mining accident and prevent the media from reporting on accidents.
Often the same families of the victims are silenced by threats of retaliation or behind payments of 30-40 thousand Yuan (about 3-4 thousand euro) for the death of their loved-one in a mine.
Posted: March 3, 2015 by Malwarebytes Labs
Last updated: March 31, 2016
Recently, we discovered that a relatively popular “anti-malware” product known as “Yet Another Cleaner” or YAC for short, has been claiming to be an affiliate of Malwarebytes in addition to using a lot of our detection names as their own. We looked deeper into their operation and found some pretty amazing and ugly things.
The Good
“Yet Another Cleaner” is owned by Elex do Brasil Participações Ltda Technology Inc. They are located in Brazil and have a wide array of products including a speed test, alarm clock, IP lookup and of course, YAC.
YAC itself is a fairly sleek-looking program and very quick as well. It seems to have the ability to protect users from malicious web sites, cleanup junk files on their system, uninstall applications and even to block advertisements!
The Bad
The reality is while they might claim YAC can do all the things mentioned above, how the product actually performs is an open question. Anyway, we got a tip-off as to Elex do Brasil Participações Ltda Technology Inc. being an affiliate company to Malwarebytes, since they suggest an affiliation in their terms of use policy.
To be clear, Malwarebytes is in no way affiliated with Elex. Do you think Kaspersky, BitDefender, Avast, PCTools, iS3, Enigma Software, SUPERAntiSpyware and SurfRight are also affiliates?
So, after discovering that little bit of interesting information, we decided to look into the Anti-Malware software they were pushing.
The Ugly
We looked into YAC and noticed first off the similarities between their user interface and our own, and possibly even other security vendor tools.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Of course, this isn't necessarily a bad thing, sometimes developers get inspired by other products, though it did prompt us to look deeper. We decided to check their detection names.
At this point we began to see more similarities, a bit more than normal. We scanned the same grouping of files between Malwarebytes Anti-Malware (MBAM) and YAC to see which popped and what names were used.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Off the bat, we knew that since YAC only detected a portion of the files that MBAM did that there were some significant differences. We decided to look at individual detections instead.
So the first one we spotted was the use of “Agent” as in “Trojan.Agent.” This isn't a big deal because it's a very common name to use in place of the actual malware name, for when you know the file is malicious but not sure the exact family it belongs to at that time.
Next is “ClickBot” another name that isn't used by everyone but it's used by enough vendors to make it stand out a little more in our book.
Finally, “FakeMS” was spotted and we got really suspicious. The term doesn't belong to Malwarebytes but rarely does any other product use that designation other than Malwarebytes. Obviously, this isn't any kind of conclusive proof as to theft going on but we had some ideas on how to look deeper.
The first check was through a hidden detection method that we use to find applications who steal our definition database and use it as their own. We created a special registry key that is not affiliated with any process, malicious or otherwise and when it flags, we know our property has been stolen. The key is:
HKLM\Software\ANV7845SFT
NOTE: We have many other ways to identify our database in use by another product so rest assured we didn't just give away our only way to do this.
We set up the trap key and ran a scan and found the special registry key.
To give these guys the benefit of the doubt, we will look deeper by creating a completely new fake malware detection. We built a custom program that does nothing more than show a message box. It looks like this:
We then made a detection for this fake file, we named it something unique and even misspelled the words: “Spywera” & “Theiving.” You can check out the file for yourself, we uploaded it to VirusTotal.
We pushed out this new detection as of 4 p.m. on March 1, 2015. About two hours later, YAC had an update available.
Using their latest definition database update, we ran a scan against our fake message box malware to discover that not only do they detect our fake malware but also use the same, unprofessional and misspelled detection name.
Alright, so it looks like Yet Another Cleaner is straight up stealing our detection database and modifying it for their own means. Based on the fact that they only detected a very small portion of the tons of malware we had both YAC and MBAM scan, their scanner apparently uses a slimmed down version of the one utilized by Malwarebytes Anti-Malware. We also know this because we actually analyzed a memory snapshot of their software in action. Tsk Tsk.
The reason this is such a big deal is because along with our engine, our interface, our brand name and our individual efforts, our definition database was created in-house and we already offer it for free to the world in the form of Malwarebytes Anti-Malware Free & Premium. It's an insult not only to Malwarebytes but also to customers to steal the work of someone else and charge folks for a poor imitation of a product that is already free.
With proof in hand, we have sent Elex do Brasil Participações Ltda Technology Inc. a letter from our legal department to shut down their use of stolen property. We will keep you updated on any new developments.
UPDATE:
After this post went live, the technology certification company OPSWAT began investigating our claim against YAC for themselves and came to the same conclusion that we did.
OPSWAT provides certifications to security developers, assuring consumers that said products have been tested for interoperability and manageability with third party software, in layman's that means they check to see if the application is going to break or crash your system because of not being compatible with other applications.
Today, OPSWAT posted a blog post that describes their interest in investigating our claims of YAC stealing our definition database and have decided, after their own investigation, to pull their certification from YAC.
After obtaining the data from Malwarebytes, and doing some internal analysis, our R&D team was able to validate Malwarebytes' claim. Therefore, we've made a decision to remove the existing OPSWAT Certification for YAC from the program. Yet Another Cleaner 4.x will no longer be Bronze Certified under Windows Antispyware.
They have also asked Elex do Brasil Participações Ltda Technology Inc. to discontinue their use of the OPSWAT certification badge on their website and products. In addition:
We have discontinued our partnership with Elex Technologies and plan to continue our policy going forward that such business practices will not be tolerated.
Nice job OPSWAT! Thanks for the faith!
Thanks for reading!
Philosophers have proposed that laypeople can have deterministic or indeterministic intuitions about the relationship between free will and moral responsibility. However, the psychophysiological mechanisms that generate these extreme intuitions are still underexplored. Exogenous oxytocin offers a unique opportunity to gain a deeper understanding of these underlying mechanisms, since this neuropeptide influences a wide range of outcomes related to social cognition and prosociality. This study investigated the effects of intranasal oxytocin on intuitions about the relationship between free will and moral responsibility by applying a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, between-subject design. Healthy male participants rated the moral responsibility of a hypothetical offender, who committed crimes in either a primed deterministic or an indeterministic universe. Under placebo, participants held the offender more morally responsible when acting in an indeterministic compared to a deterministic universe, which could be accredited to recognition of the offender's freely chosen action to commit the crimes. Under oxytocin, participants rated the offender's actions with greater leniency and similarly assigned lower moral responsibility in both universes. These findings strengthen the assumption that a person can have different intuitions about the relationship between free will and moral responsibility, which can be presumably dependent on motivational states associated with affiliation.
Finally the first look of the upcoming luxury car new Pagani Huayra Roadster is here, before its formal intro at next month's Geneva Motor Show.
The Huayra Roadster looks stunning in the display model's transparent blue carbon fiber finish with an equally stunning detailed three-tone interior.
Pagani says the Roadster is a lot more than just a Huayra without a top, claiming that tremendous engineering went into manufacturing the car, resulting in 80 kg or 6{52fc1907a0a3de5bb99ec1823a272c73f9cf5bae2273755893d388ae640ff405} reduction in weight over the car at 1.280 kg while also improving torsional flexional rigidity. This was mainly achieved with the use of new composite materials.
In addition, the Roadster comes with an upgraded version of the Mercedes-AMG M158 6.0-liter V12 engine producing 764PS (754hp) at 6,200rpm and peak torque of “over 1,000Nm” (737.5 lb-ft) available from 2,400 rpm. The V12 is paired to the same new seven-speed automated manual transmission engineered and built by Xtrac that's found in the Huayra BC.
Suspension of the car is also changed and now it uses a lightweight aluminum alloy, called HiForg, which was designed particularly for the Roadster, assisting decrease weight by 25{52fc1907a0a3de5bb99ec1823a272c73f9cf5bae2273755893d388ae640ff405} over the car.
New Brembo carbon ceramic brakes with 380×34 mm discs and 6-piston calipers in the front, and 380×34 mm discs, 4-piston calipers at the rear provide stopping power. For this new model, Pagani also worked with Pirelli to create a specific tire for the Roadster that shows the initials of the company's founder “HP” on the shoulder.
Re-worked ESP is another distinctive touch, it provides 5 different driving modes: Wet, Comfort, Sport, Race and ESC Off.
For the Roadster, Pagani has created two types of roofs, the first one comes with a light carbon hard top with a central glass element that gives it a same type of look to a car, and the other, a fabric and carbon cover can be easily stored inside of Huayra Roadster. As of now there are no details or clarity on how the doors will open.
Huayra Roadster comes with a huge price tag. Price starts from $1.4 million. With so many options present today, a Huayra actually raised close to or even more than $2 million. Not to forget that roadsters are generally more costly, the Huayra Roadster could cost around $2 million before options. If rumors prove to be true and Roadster gets a bespoke chassis and a more powerful engine, the price could increase to around $2.5 million. Besides, only 100 Roadsters will be manufactured, all of which already have got a basic price tag of $2.41 million excluding taxes.
Piper's recent article on armed Christian self-defense has stirred up a lot of controversy, primarily because, in it, he sheds a lot of doubt on whether and when it is ever appropriate for Christians to physically defend themselves––particularly with a weapon. While the points in his article offer a much-needed Biblical emphasis on trusting and glorifying God in the midst of tribulation, the article doesn't seem to leave much room (if any) for glorifying God through self-defense. However, I would like to submit the bold idea that Piper's position might be altered if he were to think a little bit more like a Christian Hedonist about this issue.
Piper's primary concern is that we not forget that "the whole tenor and focus and demeanor and heart-attitude of the Christian life" should lead us to "not avenge ourselves, but leave it to the wrath of God"; to live as exiles who "expect and accept unjust mistreatment without retaliation"; to see violent hostility as an opportunity to bear witness (not arms); and to "endure persecution with joyful suffering, prayer, and the Word of God". All of these concerns have very strong roots in the New Testament (read Piper's article to glimpse a few), and as such, should not be hastily written off by modern gun-toting Christian conservatives. As Doug Wilson has helpfully pointed out in his response to Piper's article, if we are going to take the Bible seriously, me must wrestle with all of these texts which, at first blush, may seem "pacifistic". While I can't do an exegetical study on all these passages in this one blog, my aim is to set forth a paradigm that I think can go a long way in helping us to make sense of these passages in a way that embraces Piper's Biblical concern for a general Christian heart-attitude and the concerns of many others when it comes to self-defense. That paradigm is rooted in Piper's own Christian Hedonism.
In many ways, Christian Hedonism is a rebuke to the idea that Christians are "preachers of death"; that Christian self-sacrifice and self-denial are ends in themselves. The remarkable response of Christian Hedonism is that the Bible is always calling Christians past the suffering and the sacrifice to the glorious rewards on the other side, with Christ as our prime example: "He endured the cross for the joy set before Him" (Heb. 12:2). So, according to Christian Hedonism, all Christian suffering is meant to be value-oriented. Every Christian loss is meant to be a net gain. There is no value in suffering, as such. Only in suffering for the sake of the gospel––only in sharing in the fellowship of His suffering (Phil. 3:10). What does this mean? It means we don't seek out suffering. We follow Christ, avoiding unnecessary suffering, and joyfully embracing any suffering which is necessary. Necessary to what? To following Him.
Falling on the ice and breaking your leg is not necessary to following Christ. Being publicly mocked as a Christian by unbelievers is (or might be in a particular situation). So, we try not to do kart-wheels on the ice, but when we are mocked for our faith, we embrace it and rejoice, knowing that our reward is great in heaven (Mt. 5:11). What does this have to do with self-defense? Quite a bit. As with everything else in the Christian life, as we approach the idea of self-defense, the good Christian Hedonist should be asking himself, "where's the ultimate value here?" As Jesus indicates in Mt. 5:11, the ultimate value being sought when enduring persecution for your faith is "your reward in heaven".
What about when you're "persecuted", but not "for the sake of righteousness"? What about a random assailant, who has no clue you're a Christian––and who couldn't care less? Where, specifically, is the value in patiently enduring his violence? How, specifically, is Christ magnified? I don't think He is. I don't think there is any value to be sought in passively enduring random assaults which are not primarily related to one's faith in Christ. No one will magnify Christ because you refused to defend yourself against a drunken thug. This, it seems, would be a bit like doing kart-wheels on ice, and then saying "to God be the glory" for the suffering incurred as a result.
Perhaps one of the reasons we may be tempted toward a more pacifistic position in regard to random (non-faith related) assault, is that we do not have a category for the eternal value of our own individual lives (or of those around us). Here's a thought experiment: Do you think Jesus would have passively allowed himself to be killed by a random thief before His time came to go to the cross? God aims to be glorified in our life and in our death (Phil. 1:20). Piper is known for saying "don't waste your life". I would add: don't waste your death. Each Christian is called to glorify Christ to the max in this life. Some will be called to give up that future glory for the sake of a greater glory brought on by being killed for the faith. But what glory is there to be found in giving up the future glory of one's life by being killed, not for the sake of the faith, but for the sake of... nothing?
That is where self-defense comes in: self-defense is the refusal to waste one's own death on the meaningless, the nothing, the zero. General self-defense is essentially no different than taking medicine to fight off infection, or having a life-saving operation. Each functions off of the principle that one ought not allow oneself to die for no reason; that death must come either as a result of circumstances outside of one's own control, or as the conscious and joyous choice to hold on to those eternal values which death can't ever take away. Anything less would be a waste. And we dare not waste the life, or the death, given to us by God.
So, as we move forward in this discussion on Christian self-defense, let us strive to be ardent Christian Hedonists. Let us labor to identify all of the specific values involved, and to always pursue the path of the greatest eternal treasure. Let us refuse to stoically embrace all suffering and death as ends in themselves, and joyfully embrace only that which actually and specifically points to Christ. Let us develop heart-attitudes which drive us to administer immediate Christ-like compassion after stopping an assailant, praying for them as our enemies, and tending to their wounds (in the safest manner possible)––perhaps even sharing the gospel with them as we do.
A lawsuit against an Illinois car dealership took a strange turn recently, when the defendant's lawyer complained about a "large breasted woman" in the courtroom.
The motion below is making the rounds of Chicago-area law listservs. It considers a suit before the First Municipal District Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois:
MOTION IN LIMINE
(Presence of Plaintiff's Counsel's Companion at Counsel's Table at Trial) . Now Comes your Defendant, Exotic Motors, by and through their attorneys, Gauthier & Gooch, and as for their Motion as aforesaid states to the Court as follows: 1. That Defendant's counsel is anecdotally familiar with the tactics and theatrics of Plaintiff's counsel, [redacted]. Such behavior includes having a large breasted woman sit next to him at counsel's table during the course of the trial. There is no evidence whatsoever that this woman has any legal training whatsoever, and the sole purpose of her presence at Plaintiff's Counsel's table is to draw the attention of the jury away from the relevant proceedings before this court, obviously prejudicing the Defendant's in this or any other cause. Until it is shown that this woman has any sort of legal background, she should be required to sit in the gallery with the rest of the spectators and be barred from sitting at counsel's table during the course of this trial.
When I called Gauthier & Gooch, an employee there confirmed that attorney Thomas W. Gooch III had authored the motion and dictated it to her. She could not confirm that it was formally filed — instead, she thought it might have been simply handed to the plaintiff's counsel. She also couldn't provide me with any details of the case. Exotic Motors declined to comment. However, I did reach Dmitry Feofanov, the attorney for the plaintiff. He sent me his client's initial complaint against Exotic Motors, the basics of which are the following:
1. On November 21, 2009, Plaintiffs bought a 2005 Cadillac CTS from Defendant
Exotic Motors, for $13,500.00, cash. 2. As part of the transaction, Defendant gave Plaintiffs an express written warranty,
which stated: "Exotic Motors will fix following items. Handbrake, Moldings, Ceelings [sic],
Battery." 3. The car broke almost immediately after the purchase. 4. Plaintiffs asked Defendant to repair the car under the warranty, but Defendant
refused.
Advertisement
The plaintiffs are suing for "diminution of value of 50%, aggravation and inconvenience, loss of use, court costs, and attorney fees." And as for the "large breasted woman," Feofanov sent along his official response to the motion, which you can see at left.
Advertisement
The important part: Feofanov says the woman in question is his paralegal assistant, who has been paid as a paralegal by two different courts (he sent me documentation of this as well). His response also requests that the defendants' attorney reimburse the plaintiffs for fees associated with the motion, because it was without merit. He explains,
a) Plantiffs' paralegal is clearly qualified for the work she performs before and during trials, and there is no reason to believe that her appearance at Plaintiffs' table will have any detrimental effect on Defendants' presentation of its case to a jury; and b) Defendant's motion does not cite any existing law or make any good-faith legal argument for the proposition that a woman may be barred from a counsel's table at a jury trial because she is "large breasted."
We've contacted Gauthier & Gooch again to see if they'd like to comment further on the issue, but for now, the "large breasted woman" motion seems like one of the strangest — and possibly most sexist — legal endeavors we've ever heard of.
Advertisement
As 100 Grenfell households spend Christmas in hotels, payout to help with festive costs fails to arrive for 18 families
Money promised to Grenfell Tower survivors by Kensington council to help cover Christmas costs did not arrive in time for 18 households.
“This was our error and we are sorry for this and have taken steps to deal with the households we are aware of,” said Kim Taylor-Smith, the deputy leader of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea (RBKC).
Eighteen households, including those of both survivors and evacuees, did not receive a payment before Christmas despite the council's commitment.
Among those were three from Grenfell Tower and nearby Grenfell Walk, and seven from the walkways where properties were evacuated after the June fire that killed 71 people. The other missed payments were to eight households from the wider estate.
RBKC had told families and individuals still in temporary accommodation they would get £140 per person to help ease December's financial pressures.
The extra money was suggested initially due to fears some people, including those with no cooking facilities in hotels, might face higher costs than usual at Christmas.
“More than 440 additional Christmas food payments of £140 were made before Christmas on top of the £300 per week per adult and £150 per week per child given for food,” said Taylor-Smith, who pointed out that residents could contact the Care for Grenfell team if they needed help.
“But unfortunately we have found 18 households that did not receive their additional payment in time for Christmas. Households can get the money on a pre-paid credit card immediately, but if they want the money paid directly into their bank accounts this will take a few days to process through their accounts.”
The council, along with other institutions, has been dogged by accusations that it was too slow to respond to the crisis. Once help arrived, it was criticised as being mired in bureaucracy.
Almost £20m was collected for survivors in the aftermath of the fire but only a fraction of that had been distributed by 10 August, according to data released by the Charity Commission.
The regulator said £2.8m had reached victims – less than 15% of the £18.9m total raised by charities led by the Red Cross, the Kensington & Chelsea Foundation and the Evening Standard. That figure did, however, gradually increase over time.
The London Emergency Trust, responsible for dispersing the funds, came under scrutiny in the wake of the revelations.
About 100 households that survived the Grenfell Tower fire spent Christmas Day in hotels.
Mark Simms, director of the Rugby Portobello Trust, which has been distributing grants to the local community, said survivors had been deceived by promises to rehouse them quickly.
“We knew finding 300 properties in Kensington and Chelsea was never going to be three weeks, it was never going to be three months,” he said, adding that a lack of honesty throughout the process had added to survivors' stress.
The prime minister, Theresa May, initially said she hoped to rehouse everyone within three weeks of the fire, but the communities secretary, Sajid Javid, later told MPs the local council was aiming for a Christmas deadline. The leader of the council, Elizabeth Campbell, said she was “absolutely” hoping to have everyone in homes within a year.
Abstract
О недостатках нашего «железа», роли фрактала в истории и об усложнении сложного.
Какое мне дело до этих греков и римлян? Они умерли и мертвы, а мы живы. Что они могут мне рассказать, чего бы я не знал не хуже их? Что человек весьма дрянной, хоть и занятный, скот, что вино хорошеет с течением лет, а женщина — нет, что во всех странах, и там, и тут, большие маленьких грызут, а когда беда стрясётся и с ними, маленькие смеются над большими? Все эти римские врали витийствуют пространно. Я красноречие люблю, но я их предупреждаю заранее: говорить будут не только они; я им позатыкаю клювы…
Ромен Роллан, «Кола Бруньон»
Когда человек сталкивается с необходимостью изучать историю, он склонен впадать в одну из двух крайностей: 1) всё так же, как и было, и 2) никакого смысла в истории нет — это просто набор рассказов. И поскольку я добровольно возложил на себя венец исторификатора, то в этой статье попытаюсь объяснить, почему и в чём обе эти крайности неправдивы.
Начну, как всегда, очень издалека.
Человечество сложилось как вид, отличающийся от прочего тварного мира, в ходе орудийной и коммуникационной деятельности, занявшей несколько миллионов лет (хомо сапиенс появились намного позже, ~200 тыс. лет назад). Собственно, даже участки мозга, отвечающие за координацию движений при изготовлении каменных орудий и за речь — одни и те же. Что легко понять: когда лупишь одним камнем по другому, рано или поздно попадаешь по собственным пальцам — и тогда без развитого речевого аппарата и обширного лексического запаса никак не обойтись.
Особое развитие мозг сапиенсов получил из-за необходимости нелетальными методами устанавливать иерархию в группе (см. павианье стадо), а также координировать действия в ходе загонной охоты (около полумиллиона лет назад), когда нужно было согласовывать время и направление движения нескольких десятков соплеменников. И если вы думаете, что последнее просто, попробуйте договориться с друзьями о встрече, не употребляя чисел для указания времени, а также названий зданий и номеров улиц для описания места.
Важно, что биологическая эволюция, приведшая около 40 тысяч лет назад к появлению современного человека, продолжалась несколько миллионов лет, и всё это время коллектив, в рамках которого он развивался, был относительно небольшим — до сотни особей. Это и определило некоторые физические ограничения человеческого мозга. За исключением редких гениев, никто не может оперировать в голове одновременно более чем 7 объектами (чем, кстати, обусловлено очень многое — от размера отделения в армии до подгруппы в вузе). А количество людей, которых человек может запомнить как личностей, ограничивается 150–200-ми (так называемое "число Данбара"). Дальше они в наших головах начинают группироваться по категориям («похожие на такого-то», «тамошние» и т. п.), превращаться из образов в абстракции. Это и понятно, при тогдашней плотности населения необходимости в большем и не было, а энергии мозг, как уже говорилось, жрёт и так слишком много.
Из этого физического ограничения до сих пор происходят многие (теперь уже) очевидные свойства человеческой природы. Например, парохиальность и разделение людей на «своих» и «чужих», при котором первым адресуется эмпатия, альтруизм и социалка посмертный почёт, а вторым — ненависть, как коварным врагам похлеще злобного тигра.
Но в ходе неолитической революции население так увеличилось, что привычная схема «разделились на два племени и разошлись в разные стороны» перестала действовать. Племенам всё чаще приходилось устанавливать стабильные отношения с разнообразными соседями, а потом и разбираться с коммуникацией внутри собственного разрастающегося сообщества. Биологическая эволюция уже не поспевала за необходимостями развития человеческой популяции, по-прежнему выдавая ресурсы мозга в тех же объёмах — до 200 контакто-людей. Образно говоря, это было «железо», «хард», с которым человек ничего поделать не мог. Его ограничения пришлось обходить уловками, абстракциями, выдумками — в общем, всяческим «софтом» (который известен теперь как культура), позволяющим нивелировать недостатки «железа», в том числе и обусловленные парохиальностью (например, ксенофобию). Этот период организации человечества, иногда называемый «вождествами», можно считать условным началом истории.
Первые письменные источники, свидетельствующие о социальной структуре человеческих сообществ (начало «письменной истории»), относятся уже к тому периоду, когда население крупных городов достигало десятков тысяч, а густонаселённых регионов — нескольких миллионов. О том, как первые государства (а это уже были они) дошли до жизни такой, мы можем судить только из эпосов тех времён («Гильгамеш», «Илиада» и т. п.) и археологических данных. Можно наблюдать, как человеческие общины растут и временами гибнут, достигнув какого-то естественного порога (например, истощение земли + климатические изменения в случае Трипольской культуры), иногда необъяснимого ничем, кроме «внутреннего кризиса и упадка». А некоторые не гибнут, но отчётливо меняют уклад жизни, включая духовную и организационную составляющую. Так сказать, апгрейдятся, пишут новую версию «софта», когда просто патчи уже не помогают.
Так или иначе, уже структура первых известных государств напоминает фрактал: царский двор — «большое племя», отчасти состоит из «больших людей» — представителей провинций; двор провинциального владыки — из «больших людей» селений; и так далее до городских кварталов и маленьких деревень. Владыки соседних государств — такие же «вожди большого племени».
В общем, наблюдается масштабирование модели, при котором представитель каждого сообщества (или единицы более высокого уровня) отождествляется со всем сообществом, занимает его место в племенном представлении. Естественно, такое огрубление модели порождает заметные «помехи» в коммуникации, которые со временем накапливаются и приводят к конфликтам. Но система каждый раз восстанавливается, потому что лучшего софта под это «железо» не придумали.
Первые свидетельства о динамике развития таких систем (на уровне «кто чего сказал и к чему это потом привело») мы получаем из сочинений времён Древней Греции (в основном из Афин) и Рима. Это уже тот период развития человечества, когда большие города достигают сотен тысяч населения, численность народов измеряется миллионами, а время от времени государства «позволяют» себе потерять несколько десятков тысяч человек в особо эпичной резне. В общем, немало, как для системы с внутренним ограничением в 150 контактов. Но это простейшее из того, что нам известно. Дальше системы в целом только усложнялись: даже в мрачные времена раннего Средневековья относительная примитивность отношений внутри Европы компенсировалась изощрённым «византийством» «Второго Рима» и расцветом интеллектуальной жизни Дар аль-ислама.
Собственно, вот почему произведения греков и римлян так долго были обязательной компонентой образования в Европе (и лучше бы по-прежнему такими оставались). Это был самый простой способ показать на примерах типичные конфликты в сложном человеческом сообществе и их долгосрочные последствия. И когда юный Винни Черчилль зубрил в Хэрроу речи Тиберия Гракха, он невольно изучал суть социальных конфликтов между «олигархией» (как это у нас сейчас называется) и люмпенами, получал представление о типичных риторических приёмах и ответах на них, а заодно узнавал, что за такие дела можно и деревянной лавкой по голове огрести. А читая у Гая Саллюстия Криспа о Югуртинской войне, гимназист начала ХХ века осознавал непростую и неочевидную истину, что можно подкупить всех и вся, но, сколько верёвочке не виться, всё равно тебя кинут те, кто брал твоё золото мешками (знание, которое весьма пригодилось бы нашему вечно Легитимному). Из адвокатских речей Цицерона лицеисты узнавали не только, как гладко сочетать слова в предложения, но и как переубеждать слушателей, опровергать доводы противников, и делать это ярко. С таким багажом начальных знаний будущим политикам было невозможно делать определённые шаги — после них дальнейшая партия просчитывалась на несколько ходов вперёд всеми остальными участниками. Вас бы не поняли: это было бы не просто глупо, но и стыдно.
Можно сказать, что на таких относительно простых примерах люди разучивали базовые правила. Ведь ограничение в 150–200 персонажей накладывает и ограничения на их роли в игре; значит, изучив несколько примеров, можно браться и за что-то более сложное. Нет, это не означает, что история будет той же — ни в коем случае. Это как шахматы: правила те же, фигуры те же, но исход заранее предугадать невозможно. Только фигур намного больше, а уж доска ни в какое сравнение не идёт.
И, что важно, с каждой эпохой правила усложняются. Появляются новые концепты, новые приёмы, новые стандарты, но они не отменяют наличие базового комплекта, без которого никуда. Всё только становится ещё более запутанно. Ведь с ростом населения групп из взаимно пересекающихся 150-членных «кластеров» становится всё больше, всё больше их возможных комбинаций, всё сложнее их динамика.
Кстати, именно тут стоит объяснить, почему любимая страшилка о ЦРУ / КГБ, у которых «всё просчитано» — это не более, чем фантазия. Даже сейчас невозможно просчитать игру в шахматы — и это при том, что правила там куда проще, чем у жизни, а игроков всего 2. Если мы берём 10 игроков и пытаемся просчитать все варианты их взаимоотношений в динамике, нам попросту не хватит всей вычислительной мощности человечества. И это при том, ни одна модель сейчас не работает с суперпозициями мнений внутри одной личности — каждый «огрубляется» до однозначных реакций на однозначные раздражители, что явно не соответствует истине. Так что успокойтесь, эксперты и аналитики, которых мы (и они) читаем — это такие шаманы. Их искусство не только в том, как из обрывков информации в ограниченное время угадать развитие событий, но и в том, как это красиво подать заказчику. (Как гласит известное правило пиарщика, «сначала научись продавать себя».)
Образно говоря, общество растёт многомерным фракталом. Как на картинке, только измерений намного больше. Естественно, движение такой фигуры (и под влиянием внутренних факторов — ведь люди постоянно рождаются, растут и умирают; и под действием внешних сил — как от ветра) будет разным, если это треугольник, как вначале, или если это сложная снежинка. Это довольно легко. Представьте, что эта фигура перекати-полем катится по пересечённой местности. Естественно, движение более сложной будет и более плавным. Но она ещё и под собственным весом прогибаться будет... И стороны разной величины... И переплетаются они между собой... В общем, есть куда фантазировать.
Развитие фрактала. Свидетели ЗОГ призываются в комментарии!
Есть и более сложное представление общества — как обдуваемого ветром дерева Пифагора. В роли ветра по-прежнему внешние силы (которые есть всегда).
Следует заметить, что конец ХХ века подарил ещё одно принципиальное усложнение в восприятии истории как динамики связей между личностями. Дело сразу в двух факторах.
Во-первых, население Земли растёт взрывообразно. Я уже упоминал в начале, что людей, не попадающих в «основную сетку», мозг запоминает в виде категорий по аналогии или ассоциациям. Так вот, теперь людей настолько много, что даже категории категорий неспособны их вместить, и огрубление модели идёт уже на таком жёстком уровне, что вы рискуете не получить из неё никакой полезной информации. Чтобы вы поняли, сейчас для большинства из нас существует категория «Африка» или «Китай», в рамках которых мы объединяем миллиарды людей. А грозит нам, в случае чего, совершить приблизительно ту же ошибку, что и гостю Киева, перепутавшему Печерск с Южной Борщаговкой. Потому что некоторых промахов не прощают.
Во-вторых, дело в пресловутом прогрессе средств коммуникации и прежде всего — интернета. Раньше те 150–200 человек, о которых всё идёт речь, практически всегда находились рядом друг с другом. Это, с одной стороны, сужало их кругозор, а с другой — позволяло быстро прийти друг другу на помощь (ну, или морду набить). Долгие тысячелетия переносчиками межкультурных отношений были только моряки да торговцы. Сейчас же для многих персонаж с никнеймом и юзерпиком откуда-то из-за океана является более близким, чем сосед по этажу. «Дерево» фрактала получило ещё одно измерение, но его «ветки» становятся тоньше. В таких условиях всё труднее прогнозировать события, да и вообще непонятно, в каких терминах теперь представлять мир, когда житель, скажем, Киева внезапно начинает вести себя, исходя из предпосылок хипстера среднеевропейской полосы, а не как обитатель Троещины.
Подытоживая, скажу, что знание истории (особенно разной) даёт нам примеры из «более простой» социальной жизни и, хоть и не даёт знания о будущем, но подпитывает интуицию, позволяя делать ценные прогнозы. Ну, и выглядеть умнее, чем на самом деле. Как делаю я, например.
Acknowledgments
Тут у меня будет, как и просили, список рекомендованной литературы. Во-первых, это Джаред Даймонд «Ружья, микробы и сталь. Судьбы человеческих обществ» (о том, насколько география определила судьбы разных народов). Во-вторых, читайте классиков. Могу посоветовать сборник «Историки античности» в 2-х томах — «Древняя Греция» и «Древний Рим». Самые «вкусные» выдержки из Ксенофонта и Тацита читаются, как увлекательный роман.
Данный блог является научно-популярным. В статье могут быть изложены точки зрения, отличные от мнения автора.
ENCE & CSGO team part ways
Today we announce the departure of our Counter Strike: Global Offensive lineup from the organization. Over the last while we have been working with the team to push our name further within the CSGO eSports scene, however we will take a step back for now.
With this new lineup we had aimed to try something different by bringing in a younger team and work with them to help build their experience and skills within the Finnish scene in the hope that we could use a good foundation to build on. Below you can read a statement from aNGeldusT explaining our decision to part ways with the lineup.
ENCE in mutual co-operation with the CSGO have decided to part ways. We recruited our newest CSGO team, consisting of younger and a bit less experienced players, to give them a stable growing ground that they could utilize in their way to stardom. In the past few months however, it has become evident that there is a general lack of drive and motivation within the team to achieve the expected levels we as an organization would like to achieve. After trying out numerous alternatives, the team and organisation felt that the situation wasn't providing the right results and thus we decided to part ways. ENCE still thrives for Professional eSports in the Nordics and we will continue to spearhead that movement in the future. Rather than counting out CSGO, we are re-focusing our efforts to find the best match for our organization and a benchmark for Finnish CS, the way it's meant to be. Juha ‘aNGeldusT' Kurppa – Partner, ENCE eSports
As stated we will continue to look for a team that will suit the objectives that we want to achieve as an org and are only temporarily stepping away from the CSGO scene.
As an organization we not only want to be recognized as the best team/org within Finland but to go on and challenge the eSports scene across various games on a global scale. We thank all our fans for supporting the team and organization and hope that you continue to cheer for us as we move forward in the future.
Anyone who knows anything about left-wing billionaire George Soros also knows he's the original Dr. Evil, so it should come as no surprise to learn he's linked to the refugee crisis that's wreaking havoc on Europe.
Zero Hedge reports:
How George Soros Singlehandedly Created The European Refugee Crisis – And Why
George Soros is trading again.
Trending: CNN Told By South Korean Official: “Clearly Credit Goes To President Trump” (VIDEO)
The 85-year-old political activist and philanthropist hit the headlines post-Brexit saying the event had “unleashed” a financial-market crisis.
Well, the crisis hasn't hit Soros just yet.
He was once again on the right side of the trade, taking a short position in troubled Deutsche Bank and betting against the S&P via a 2.1-million-share put option on the SPDR S&P 500 ETF.
More interestingly, Soros recently took out a $264 million position in Barrick Gold, whose share price has jumped over 14% since Brexit. Along with this trade, Soros has sold his positions in many of his traditional holdings.
Soros had recently announced he was coming out of retirement, again.
First retiring in 2000, the only other time Soros has publicly re-entered the markets was in 2007, when he placed a number of bearish bets on US housing and ultimately made a profit of over $1 billion from the trades.
Since the 1980s, Soros has actively been pursuing a globalist agenda; he advances this agenda through his Open Society Foundations (OSF).
What is this globalist agenda, and where does it come from?
The Humble Beginnings
The globalist seed was sowed for young George by his father, Tivadar, a Jewish lawyer who was a strong proponent of Esperanto. Esperanto is a language created in 1887 by L.L. Zamenhof, a Polish eye doctor, for the purpose of “transcending national borders” and “overcoming the natural indifference of mankind.”
Tivadar taught young George Esperanto and forced him to speak it at home. In 1936, as Hitler was hosting the Olympics in Berlin, Tivadar changed the family name from Schwartz to Soros, an Esperanto word meaning “will soar.”
George Soros, who was born and raised in Budapest, Hungary, benefited greatly from his father's decision.
Allegedly, in 1944, 14-year-old George Soros went to work for the invading Nazis. It is said that until the end of the war in 1945, he worked with a government official, helping him confiscate property from the local Jewish population.
In an 1998 interview with 60 Minutes, Soros described the year of German occupation as “the happiest time in my life.”
Read the rest here.
Soros is the only billionaire you'll never hear the left complain about.
He's funding most of their initiatives.
President François Hollande of France has called for an end to the United States trade embargo against Cuba, where he met with Fidel Castro in the first visit by a Western head of state to Havana since the United States announced plans in December to re-establish diplomatic relations with the country.
“I had before me a man who made history,” Mr. Hollande was quoted by Agence France-Presse as saying, referring to Mr. Castro, who wore an Adidas tracksuit over a checked shirt during the surprise 50-minute meeting at Mr. Castro's home in Havana on Monday.
Mr. Hollande, making the first official visit by a French president to Cuba, said that Mr. Castro, 88, who led the Cuban revolution and ruled the country for almost half a century, had a “a lot to say,” and demonstrated intellectual acuity and alertness, according to reports in the French news media.
Mr. Castro, who rarely appears in public and has retreated from the global stage, complained to Mr. Hollande about pain in his knee and shoulder, news reports said.
Darksiders III reveal leaked for PS4, Xbox One, and PC
Play as a mage named Fury and explore an open-ended world.
Update 12:15 p.m.: THQ Nordic has officially announced Darksiders III. Read more and watch the reveal trailer here.
Original 5:57 a.m.: Amazon product listings have leaked the reveal of Darksiders III from THQ Nordic and Gunfire Games for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
The game, listed as due out in 2018, will offer the following features:
Play as FURY – a mage who must rely on her whip and magic to restore the balance between good and evil on Earth!
Harness FURY's magic to unleash her various forms – each granting her access to new weapons, moves and traversal abilities
Explore an open-ended, living, free-form game world in which FURY moves back and forth between environments to uncover secrets while advancing the story
Defeat the Seven Deadly Sins and their servants who range from mystical creatures to degenerated beings
Darksiders signature art style – expansive post-apocalyptic environments that take the player from the heights of heaven to the depths of hell, dilapidated by war and decay and overrun by nature
View the first screenshots at the gallery.
If 2016 was the year of “fake news,” then 2017 is going to be a year of “fake news” litigation.
Laura Hunter, a model and commercial actress, filed suit this week in Las Vegas, accusing a conservative site of stealing her name and image to create a fake online persona. Hunter lives in Seattle and is politically left-of-center, according to her attorney, Marc Randazza. But to readers of the Conservative Daily Review, she was a conservative firebrand from Tennessee who wanted nothing more than “to spread the word about true patriotism” and “put the Bill of Rights back on its rightly throne.”
On Facebook, “Hunter” posts a steady stream of pro-Trump commentary — such as “The left refuses to stop with their protest and defiance” and “CNN is about to pay for their lies and defamation!” — with links to stories on the Conservative Daily Review and the Conservative Daily Post. The account has nearly a million followers.
“You can imagine if you're a left-leaning person and you wake up to your friends calling you and saying, ‘Why are you a spokesman for the Conservative Daily Review?,' you're not going to be very pleased,” Randazza said.
Related Fox, New Regency Use Fake News to Promote ‘A Cure for Wellness'
The lawsuit, first reported by Courthouse News, states that Hunter was contacted last fall by Mike Powell, who runs an internet marketing company in Las Vegas called Gravitas Works. Powell emailed to ask if he could get permission for a client to use Hunter's headshot, though he did not identify the client or state why he wanted the photo, the suit states. Hunter did not give her permission, and asked him to call. He didn't, but emailed back sometime later and admitted that the client had already used the photo, Hunter claims. The lawsuit states that Powell again tried to get permission to use the photo, but she refused.
Hunter later discovered that her real name and photo were being used to promote stories on the conservative site.
“They have stolen her identity and used her as a spokeswoman for and purported author of content and viewpoints antithetical to her own beliefs,” the lawsuit states.
Powell and others associated with Gravitas Works did not respond to messages seeking comment.
The Conservative Daily Post has attracted the attention of fact-checkers and debunkers. One headline, “Breaking: FBI Confirms Evidence of Huge Underground Clinton Sex Network” was rated a “pants on fire” lie by PolitiFact. Snopes debunked several CDP stories last year, describing the site as “notoriously unreliable.”
According to Hunter's lawsuit, the defendants published job postings for writers of “conservative fan fiction” who could write “stories that are not real, but very well could be.”
“From what I've seen this is simply a money-making scheme,” Randazza said.
After the lawsuit was filed on Tuesday, Hunter's image was removed from the Facebook page and replaced with a cartoon. The site continues to use her name.
In addition to being a commercial actress, Hunter is a professional photographer who takes pictures at beauty pageants. She was also crowned “Ms. World” in 2016 in a pageant for women over the age of 26. According to the suit, Hunter has suffered damage to her reputation and a loss of business due to the fake conservative account.
Israel has formally reprimanded the Swedish ambassador because of his country's vote in a United Nations body that diminished Jewish ties to Jerusalem.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Israel's Foreign Ministry says Ambassador Carl Magnus Nesser was summoned Wednesday after Sweden was the only European country to vote for a UNESCO resolution criticizing Israeli excavations in east Jerusalem as a violation of international law, and even reffering to the Jewish nation as an "occupying power."
The Old City in twilight (Photo: Israel Bardugo)
Israel has long complained about bias at UN forums, feeling outnumbered by Arab nations and their supporters.
The UN cultural body's resolution was approved by 22 member states, with 10 voting against and 23 abstaining.
The result marked an improvement for Israel, which has previously found itself with little international support besides the Unites States. This time, Italy, Britain, Holland, Greece and others also sided with it.
Punishing UNESCO for its decision, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he will withhold $1 million in payments to the United Nations.
Netanyahu called the UNESCO resolution "absurd" and said the agency's "systematic harassment" of Israel had a price. Speaking at a Cabinet meeting Wednesday, Netanyahu says Israel will not sit idly by as a UN organization tries to negate its sovereignty in Jerusalem.
Few people play the Charming Celebrity Persona Game™ better than Tom Hiddleston. He's a font of mischievous, laid back charm, the kind of chap who alternates between teasing Muppets with the promise of baked goods, and impregnating women at late night TV tapings with a lick of his finger; if he's feeling cheeky, he'll do the weather, and should you ever swim into a school of jellyfish, he'll be the first responder to your suffering, ready with a palliative urine stream to ease the sting of their merciless alien tentacles. There is no corner of the Internet where you can't find a story about Hiddleston being suave, darling, or delightful. Admit it: You want to hang out with him. You've probably fantasized about what the experience would be like. We all do. We all have.
But if Hiddleston - human being, actor, bon vivant - is a walking good time in an impeccably tailored suit, the characters he gravitates toward are less so. They're downers, pent-up basket cases, and king bummers, even the ones who cling desperately to megalomaniacal ideals, even the impetuous teenagers. Because they are played by Hiddleston, of course, they each happen to exhibit handfuls of the traits that make him who he is: They, too, are some combination of slick, dashing, impish, and refined. That's the celebrity calibration process. Once a person establishes an image for themselves in the media, it becomes a Herculean feat for us to divorce them from that image on the big screen.
With Hiddleston, that reconciliation comes easily by virtue of his humble magnetism. But after we make odds and ends of Hiddleston and the characters he plays, we're left with a tragic through line that extends from his earliest roles all the way up to his stint in Ben Wheatley's High-Rise. In many ways, Hiddleston is perfect to portray Dr. Robert Laing, a quiet, well mannered sort who nurses abiding melancholy beneath his reserve. He's polite but transparent; if he's not in a mood for chatter, he'll engage you with grace, but you'll get the hint even if the hint isn't made explicit. His grocery market inquiry regarding the whereabouts of the Riesling could easily translate to, “Piss off. I'm here for the wine.” Get enough liquor in him and he'll make merry like everyone else, but for him revelry is a temporary distraction from ennui.
Like so many Hiddleston characters, Laing is in desperate need of something. Put in a broad context, that might be love or affection; he certainly goes out of his way to find physical love, though these moments, too, seem only to offer him a brief reprieve from what's troubling him. Laing only appears to find peace by the time the film ends, at which point the luxury condos of the title have undergone change in management and lost an incalculable percentage of their total occupants either to tribal warfare, lack of resources, or good old fashioned revenge. It isn't an especially pleasant place to live, but at the end of the carnage, mostly staged beyond the audience's line of sight, he is finally able to find satisfaction of purpose in his existence.
Until then, he's dolefully cordial, which makes him a close cousin to Sir Thomas Sharpe, the Gothic anti-hero cum tall dark-haired stranger of Guillermo del Toro's Crimson Peak: They both present themselves with good-natured affability, but despair skulks beneath the surface of their charismatic sociability. There is more to Laing and Sharpe than can be discerned at a glance. Even for less savvy filmgoers, it's clear that Sharpe in particular is withholding information from us, in part because del Toro wants to convey that notion exactly, and in part because Hiddleston is so preternaturally gifted at suggesting mystery (or perhaps even suppression) without actually having to suggest anything at all.
So we have two enigmatic men harboring their respective sorrows, and who, by chance, are hung up on their sisters, albeit in completely different ways. Laing's relationship with his sister is in the past tense; in High-Rise's present, he's still mourning her. The relationship Sharpe has with his sister, Lucille, is taboo, in the sense that they've been knocking boots for years and also in the sense that they kill people on the regular to secure funds for themselves. The source of Sharpe's sadness is less articulated than Laing's in the text, but it's not hard to solve that puzzle: he's one of the last living members of an aristocratic family living in an era in which aristocratic station has decayed, and he is father to a dead child conceived with Lucille prior to the events of the film. That's dark, “heavy metal ballad dark,” even, especially after you take the ghosts haunting his crumbling ancestral home into consideration.
Peering through Sharpe and through Laing exposes additional connective tissue linking Hiddleston's body of work from one role to the next: family. The men Hiddleston plays are all wounded, and their varying scars and hurts generally trace back to kin. This is true whether we define “kin” by blood or by bond; Loki is plagued by genealogical imbroglios as much as Sharpe and more than Laing, for whom family is something contended with on indirect, emotional terms. For Loki, family is engaged with on physical terms, too. In Thor, he is shattered to learn that Odin isn't his real father, that Thor isn't his real brother, and that he is a member of a race of would-be conquerors. That reveal is his breaking point, the moment where he betrays his people and becomes a would-be conqueror himself. Every action Loki takes in his subsequent Marvel appearances, from The Avengers to Thor: The Dark World, is driven by the transformational discoveries he makes in the first Thor.
He won't admit that his family hang-ups have had that much impact on him. Honesty and transparency are not the things that Loki is made of, though if you force him to gaze on the consequences of his actions, you might catch a brief glimpse of horror flicker across his face. He isn't a bad bad guy, like, say, Thanos, which is not to say that he isn't bad. He's complicated, because family is complicative and our feelings on family tend to organize themselves in layers. Take Joanna Hogg's 2007 feature debut, Unrelated, which she firmly orients around pricklier interactions between parents and teenage children, or Archipelago, where familial strife simmers more than it roils.
In Archipelago, Hiddleston plays Edward, a well to do fellow in the throes of quarter life crisis; he falls on the lugubrious side of the Hiddlefence, whereas Oakley, Unrelated's teenage lothario, lands on its roguish, playful side. Oakley is out for fun and little else, but it's made obvious very early on in Unrelated that Oakley carries a chip on his shoulder when it comes to his dear old dad, an authoritative type whose parenting style is a tacit admission of defeat. He has no idea how to handle Oakley, who doesn't believe in marriage (a detail that speaks volumes about his character) and who habitually lies about smoking, stealing bottles of expensive wine, and wrecking the rental car. By consequence of neglect, Oakley thinks his dad doesn't give a fuck about him. The knock-down, drag-out fight they have near the film's third act suggests that they both give a fuck, but they're incapable of constructive expression.
Oakley wants his dad to be a dad. He wants to know that someone cares. If you ignore that whole “Norse God” thing, he's not all that different from Loki, though truthfully he shares more in common with Freddie Page, the volatile war vet of Terence Davies' The Deep Blue Sea. Freddie is a prototypical Hiddlestonian party boy. He's quick with a joke. He's often seen holding a drink. The smirk at the corners of his lips suggests he's about to tell a joke, break into song, or perform a skit. All is well and good with Freddie until you lecture him about Cubism, and then he turns into David Duchovny on SNL; or until you try to have a serious conversation with him regarding your feelings, at which point he turns into something less comical and more vicious.
Freddie isn't “sad” specifically, but he is shaped by a core of trauma. You're better off describing the devil in him as depressive, a term that applies just as well to Adam, the despondent, suicidal male lead in Only Lovers Left Alive. A vampire aged in centuries, Adam's only real family is his wife, Eve, who at the start of the film is halfway around the globe; he lives by himself in a rundown Detroit Victorian, his isolation broken only by Ian, who works for Adam as a courier, fetching him vintage guitars and assorted exotica for cash. You might expect that Adam's gloom is symptomatic of his loneliness. You'd be wrong. Adam is in the doldrums because modernity is shit. It's the “zombies,” he'll say, the living meat bags who show their appreciation for Earth by spoiling it.
But Adam's misery is surprisingly relatable. It's normal, as you grow older, to see the young as grating and tasteless, and to see the stuff they like as straight-up garbage. He isn't concerned with the state of the planet. He's bored (or perhaps baffled or offended) by the generations who have inherited the planet in succession throughout his lifetime. He has no stomach for them, or what he sees as humanity's rejection of genius. That, combined with the figurative hole in his heart left by Eve's absence, is enough to make him seriously consider putting a literal hole in his heart with a wooden bullet. Basically, he's a real mope, which is either contrary to or exactly what you'd assume an ancient rock and roll vampire would be like.
And that's just Hiddleston's way. He oozes cool; he exudes sophistication. He's funny, too, and he doesn't have to be. He could, in all likelihood, get by without clowning around thanks to his unfailing stylishness and cultivated exterior. That he chooses not to - that he rarely misses a good comedy set-up - says a lot about the kind of actor he is - as much, in fact, as the roles he is drawn to. Just as he probably doesn't need to play the goof on late night, he probably doesn't need to play men aggrieved of the world they inhabit. He could make a career playing rakish smooth talkers or straightlaced do-gooders. That he doesn't is telling. Maybe Hiddleston, like so many of the characters he has earned recognition playing, is in search of something unknown, and maybe the Sharpes, the Laings, the Oakleys, the Lokis of his oeuvre are his map to finding it.
In 2014, Vermont passed the first legislation in the U.S. to require labeling of foods containing genetically engineered ingredients. A year earlier, Connecticut and Maine passed GMO labeling bills though these were dependent on several other states passing similar laws.
Best of Democracy: Lawmakers Respond to the People
Passages of these three bills were textbook examples of democracy in action. The states' citizens lobbied their legislatures to introduce the bills, public hearings were held, experts spoke for and against the bills and lawmakers debated the measures. The bills ultimately passed because the lawmakers recognized that the People wanted them approved.
Vermont's bill passed overwhelmingly in both the state's House of Representatives and Senate and Gov. Pete Shumlin signed the bill shortly thereafter.
This is how democracy is supposed to work, right? Citizens see an issue of concern that needs to be addressed and they contact their elected representatives who respond by passing a law. This is what happened in Vermont, Connecticut and Maine.
As Tara Cook-Littman, who spearheaded Connecticut's labeling initiative, said: "GMO labeling is about people taking back power and getting lawmakers to take action in the interests of the people and not corporations. If we don't use our voices it's not democracy. We proved in Connecticut that we do have power and can make democracy work."
Worst of Democracy: Lawmakers Pander to Corporations
Contrast those initiatives with U.S. federal government action on GMO labeling in the past year. Heavy lobbying by large food and agriculture corporations and groups such as the Grocery Manufacturers Association led the U.S. House of Representatives to introduce the Orwellian-named "Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act."
The bill, dubbed the "DARK Act" (Deny Americans the Right to Know), aimed to stop Vermont and other state GMO labeling laws and establish a meaningless system of voluntary GMO labeling. The DARK Act passed the House but a similar bill failed to pass the U.S. Senate this past March mainly because the people told their senators to vote against it.
Following the Senate defeat and with Vermont's GMO labeling law set to take effect July 1, Senators Debbie Stabenow (D-MI) and Pat Roberts (R-KS) drafted a compromise of the DARK Act, making GMO disclosure mandatory and not voluntary as in the House bill. But there was no requirement for an on-package statement as the Vermont law mandated.
Stabenow's compromise essentially snatched defeat from the jaws of victory for labeling supporters because many major food companies were already putting GMO labels on their products sold nationwide to comply with Vermont's law.
The Roberts-Stabenow bill has been described as a "non-labeling GMO labeling bill" since, among its many flaws, it allows food companies to continue their stonewalling of GMO information by putting QR codes on products that can only be read by smartphones. Imagine a busy mother at a supermarket with several children in tow pulling out her smartphone to read QR codes on 20 or 30 food products. Or imagine the many mothers that don't even have smartphones trying to get GMO information. According to marketing communications expert Peter Quinn, the use of QR codes has virtually been abandoned because they have proven to be so ineffective and a "technology wild goose chase."
"Needs of the People Have Been Ignored"
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said: "The Stabenow-Roberts GMO bill is confusing, misleading and unenforceable. It does nothing to make sure consumers know what they're eating."
In contrast to Vermont's GMO labeling bill—the Roberts-Stabenow bill had no hearings, no public input, no committee debate and was rushed to be introduced—and passed in both the Senate and House. Behind the push were Big Food and Ag and their millions of dollars in lobbying.
So while the GMO labeling efforts in Vermont, Connecticut and Maine demonstrated the best of democracy—working for the people as America's founders intended—the Roberts-Stabenow bill showed us the worst of democracy—with its pandering to the narrow interests of big business at the expense of the wishes of the people. And the bill makes the successful democratic efforts in those states null and void.
Rep. Jim McGovern (D-MA) said the bill was "not what's in the interests of the American consumer, but what a few special interests want."
With their support for this bad piece of legislation and continued obfuscation of GMOs, Big Food and Ag have assured themselves more years of consumer distrust and targeting by advocacy groups, leading to PR disasters. A few food companies, such as Campbell's and Dannon, have decided that transparency is the best policy, but for many others this may be a tough lesson to learn.
As of July 22, the Roberts-Stabenow GMO labeling bill, S.764, has not yet been signed into law by President Obama but the White House said after Congress passed the bill that he would sign it. More than 80,000 people have petitioned the White House urging Obama to veto the bill. Florida Republican Congressman Vern Buchanan also urged the president to veto the bill. In a letter to Obama, Buchanan called the legislation a "sham bill that pretends to offer disclosure but in truth has so many loopholes that it is meaningless."
13" by 8" the only painting I've ever done on canvas.
My theory is that Stonehenge was designed by a higher intellect, but was built by man, for the purpose of viewing it from the air, as an abstract blueprint.
I formed a company in 2002, called Corban Foundatiuon Ltd. Its purpose was to find the means to build a prototype, but about a month or so after forming my company, mental health jumped in.
I painted the original in 2005, and used it to explain my theory, as I have been persecuted for my beliefs by the mental health sector, who had labeled me as delusional for my beliefs, even though they hadn't looked at my idea before giving their evidence. Before using my painting to explain myself, i had been drawing my concept, and explaining myself to a point ( that point was the Non-Disclosure Agreement which the doctors refused to sign).
At one point i complained to to the prime minister's office via E-mail. I outlined my rights that were violated, and said if nothing was done to remedy the situation I would go public. To this I was put on the terrorist watch list, I assure you any money made by the sale of my art, will not fund any form of terrorism.
And at one of these hearings to determine my freedom, I told the judge that i quested to complete my invention and hopefully one day obtain a knighthood. To which the judge merely laughed at me, and said that we did not live in those days any longer. But guess what, in my country it is once again possible to become a knight.
After a decade, i have discovered a man in Austrailia, named John Cristie, who appears to have a working one, and from what I've been able to find he sold the intellectual property rights to a Hong Kong company, and beat me to the punch. If you look for him on Google you'll find him.
The latest evidence from a doctor to the judge, is that he is not qualified to give evidence as to if it might work.
with this money i intend to buy a house and set up an interest earning trust fund so i never have to recieve a benefit again.
There were no answered questions or comments placed on this listing. You must have Javascript enabled to ask and answer questions Your question and answer privileges have been disabled. You must log in to view questions and answers on this listing. We recommend reading questions before you make any purchases. Question submitted Note: You must log in to ask or answer questions posted. We recommend reading questions before you make any purchases. Available only to approved bidders. You must be an authenticated member to ask questions Find out more about becoming authenticated Your account is in debt Your current account balance is You must credit your account to use this feature. Firearms licence #
Firearms licence holder name
First name is required Last name is required
Your current account balance is Please note you will lose your question and answer privileges if your account is in debt for more than 2 weeks. Credit your account I confirm that I am over 18 years old. To prevent your personal details being misused please do not put emails or phone numbers in questions. Failure to comply may result in the suspension of your account. The seller cannot add a Buy Now price once bidding has started.
— Drivers aren't the only ones who could be fined for texting or talking.
Now, there's a proposal to keep pedestrians safe that could set off a national trend.
Crossing busy Broad Street in downtown Stamford can be a challenge, even if you're not staring down at text messages on your cell phone.
“I see mothers pushing their babies, they're texting and I'm like how do y'all do all this at this intersection? That scares me,” Dawn Thompson said.
“There been many times where I looked down on my phone and then notice that there's a car coming right at me, and I feel like a moron whenever that happens,” Nicole Neurohr said.
Texting or even talking on an electronic device may soon be illegal in Stamford if a proposal to outlaw ‘distracted walking' is approved.
“They're oblivious to cars,” Stamford City representative, John Zelinsky said.
Zelinsky said the Pedestrian Safety Ordinance is modeled after one approved in Honolulu late last month, and would carry a $30 fine if police catch you in the act.
“I don't want any more injuries or deaths as a result of pedestrians getting hit. We've had about four or five within the past three or four years,” he said.
Nationwide pedestrian fatalities jumped about 11 percent last year with nearly 6,000 people killed according to the National Governors' Highway Safety Association.
While most people in Stamford seemed to like the idea, others asked, do you really need to legislate common sense?
“I think that's ridiculous,” Troy Latham said.
Latham certainly doesn't like the idea of a $30 fine or being forced to hang up.
“If it's an important text message or call they're getting, like what if it's too late, what if their mother's in the hospital and they need someone to call real quick,” Latham said.
There would be an exception for 911 calls, and Zelinsky said the fines really aren't the point.
“This is not actually to raise money for the city, but to hopefully educate the public,” he said.
You may want to hang up and look the next time you see the ‘walk' sign.
Bill Shine, the longtime Fox News executive who played a role in the rise of the channel and in shaping the careers of its biggest personalities, has been forced out as co-president of the 21st Century Fox-owned network as it contends with a slew of lawsuits alleging gender and racial discrimination.
In a memo to staffers issued Monday, 21st Century Fox co-executive chairman Rupert Murdoch said that Shine had resigned. He is expected to stay on for a few more weeks as part of a transition.
Suzanne Scott, another longtime Fox News executive, will take Shine's place in steering programming at Fox News, in the role as president of programming. Jay Wallace, an up-and-coming news executive, will become president of news.Brian Jones, executive vice president of Fox Business Network. becomes president of that cable outlet, reporting to Scott and Wallace. Jack Abernethy remains as a co-president of Fox News and CEO of the Fox Television Stations group.
Shine's departure comes amid intense scrutiny on Fox News following explosive revelations of sexual harassment settlements and allegations against former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes and the network's biggest star Bill O'Reilly. Ailes was pushed out last July; O'Reilly made a hasty exit last month. Shine had been cited in at least four different lawsuits recently filed against Fox News, several suggesting he had failed to intervene and in some cases tried to shield Ailes and O'Reilly despite questionable behavior.
Related Fox News' Bill Shine Comes Under Pressure Following Sean Hannity Tweets
Murdoch, however, hailed Shine in a statement. “Bill Shine has played a huge role in building Fox News to its present position as the nation's biggest and most important cable channel in the history of the industry,” Murdoch wrote. “His contribution to our channel and our country will resonate for many years.”
Two different parties currently enmeshed in efforts against Fox News Channel hailed Shine's exit as the only maneuver 21st Century Fox could make, given that Fox News' internal culture has been under a microscope for months. But they also called for more action.
“While long overdue, we are pleased that 21st Century Fox has taken a step in the right direction by permitting Bill Shine to resign and that our recent court filings apparently influenced that decision,” said Douglas Wigdor, a New York attorney overseeing a racial-discrimination lawsuit against the network. “Much more needs to be done, however, including holding Dianne Brandi accountable for permitting a known racist to prey upon our clients and acknowledging and accepting responsibility for the harm our clients have and continue to suffer.” Brandi is Fox News Channel's executive vice president of legal and business affairs, and has also been named in some of the litigation currently set against the network.
“This doesn't fix Fox News' harassment problem. It's just the most basic accountability the network could have delivered. All you need to do is watch 30 minutes of Fox News' programming and you can see that harassment of women goes hand in hand with the right-wing ideology at the network's core,” said Angelo Carusone, president of Media Matters for America, a progressive media watchdog group. “To truly remedy its culture of harassment, Fox News also needs to change its attitude about women.”
Fox News' culture has been the subject of intense scrutiny since last summer when former Fox News anchor Gretchen Carlson filed a lawsuit accusing Ailes of sexual harassment. Those allegations sparked an internal probe and more revelations of harassment of former employees. Ailes has denied all charges. But since that time, the network has been beset by inquiries into the way it does business. Several current and former employees have filed lawsuits alleging their complaints about harassment and unfair treatment were not considered. More concerning, possibly, is the fact that the U.S. Attorney's Office is looking into whether Fox News may have made improper payments to former employees under Ailes' tenure related to harassment. 21st Century Fox has said it is cooperating with authorities.
Internally, the network's rank and file have focused on a herculean task: Launching a new schedule in the wake of anchor O'Reilly's departure. Ratings have moderated slightly as Tucker Carlson moved to O'Reilly's 8 p.m. slot while “The Five” filled 9 p.m, though both shows dominated their cable-news rivals in terms of overall viewers. This week, staffers are launching a new panel show, “The Specialists,” at 5 p.m., while Martha MacCallum starts a new news program at 7 p.m.
Shine's influence at the network has been outsize. He first gained a foothold at Fox News when Sean Hannity helped get him a job. From there, he steered some of the network's earliest mainstays, shows like “Hannity & Colmes” and “On The Record” with Greta van Susteren. But his public presence has been minuscule. Unlike other senior news executives, like CNN's Jeff Zucker or NBCUniversal's Andy Lack, Shine is not known for giving speeches or explaining his strategy to groups of journalists. Instead, his talent has been in devising topics and segments that please Fox News' passionate viewers. Ratings will tell if viewers will miss his acumen.
Oleg Deripaska has slammed an AP report claiming he had dealings with former Donald Trump aide Paul Manafort in order to “benefit the Putin government.” The Russian tycoon says he's ready to take part in “any hearing” in the US Congress on the subject.
The AP report claims that Paul Manafort, the former national chairman of Trump's presidential campaign, “secretly worked for Russian billionaire” Deripaska.
In a statement published in the Wall Street Journal...
Deripaska, the president one of the largest aluminum companies in the world, RUSAL, said:
"In recent days I have been the subject of a massive and misleading campaign generated by an ‘AP exclusive', which alleged my involvement in a plan 'to greatly benefit the Putin government.'"
AP assumed that Manafort had initiated the strategy back in 2005 to “influence politics, business dealings and news coverage inside the United States, Europe and former Soviet republics to benefit President Vladimir Putin's government.” The AP exclusive also claimed that Deripaska had signed a $10 million annual contract with Manafort.
“I want to resolutely deny this malicious assertion and lie. I have never made any commitments or contacts with the obligation or purpose to covertly promote or advance ‘Putin's government' interests anywhere in the world,” Deripaska said. According to Deripaska, the AP report “falls into negative context of current US-Russian relations and causes fresh unfair and unjustified concerns and alarm in the US Congress about Russian involvement in US domestic affairs.”
He slammed the information presented in the reports as “based on complete lies.”
“I demand that any and all further dissemination of these allegations by the AP or any other media outlet must cease immediately. I am ready to take part in any hearings conducted by the US Congress on this subject in order to defend my reputation and name,” Deripaska added.
Additionally, Manafort called those allegations a “Democrat Party dirty trick and completely false.”
WASHINGTON — In an effort to secure Republican support for an overhaul of financial regulations, the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee on Monday proposed giving the Federal Reserve responsibility for protecting consumers from abusive and deceptive financial products.
The new plan, described by an official briefed on the negotiations, was the latest iteration of an idea that has divided members of the committee, largely along party lines, and has been the major barrier in the path toward the most significant overhaul of banking rules since the Depression, a priority of the Obama administration.
The chairman, Christopher J. Dodd, Democrat of Connecticut, circulated a proposal last week to create a Bureau of Financial Protection under the Treasury Department.
On Monday, the senior Republican on the committee, Richard C. Shelby of Alabama, having rejected that plan, put forward two of his own. One would create a consumer protection unit within the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, while the other would establish an interagency consumer protection council. In both cases, the new entity would have rule-making authority but limited enforcement powers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Dodd countered with a proposal to expand the mandate for the Fed, which has traditionally focused on monetary policy, by establishing a consumer division within the central bank with power to write and enforce rules. Mr. Dodd was in negotiations with Bob Corker, a Tennessee Republican who sits on the committee, over the latest proposal, on Monday.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The White House proposed legislation to create a freestanding Consumer Financial Protection Agency last June, and the House passed a regulatory overhaul creating such an agency in December.
More than 1,000 Australian troops have completed their withdrawal from Afghanistan, marking the end of a deployment that has left dozens of troops dead and hundreds more seriously wounded.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott said on Monday that soldiers had paid a "high price" during the 12-year mission, the longest in the country's history, but that their sacrifice had not been in vain.
"This war is ending, not with victory, not with defeat, but with hope that Afghanistan is a better place and Uruzgan in particular is a better place for our presence. I firmly believe that to be the case," Abbott said.
"We know that they've paid a high price - 40 dead and 261 seriously wounded - but that sacrifice has not been in vain.
"Uruzgan today is a very significantly different and better place than it was a decade ago."
His announcement comes amid a rising death toll for the country's civilian population.
A roadside bomb destroyed a police vehicle on Monday, killing three police officers and wounding another seven. One of the victims was an Afghan police chief. On Sunday another explosion ripped through a a passenger van, killing four civilians.
Abbott defends deployment
Abbott said since the war in Afghanistan had begun, the Taliban regime had been replaced, Al-Qaeda and their sympathisers had been driven out of their safe havens, and a degree of stability had returned to the Southern region.
"If you look at the benefits for our country, for Afghanistan and for the wider world, my conclusion is yes it has been worth it.
"But not for a second would I underestimate the price that has been paid by individuals and families."
Canberra first deployed troops to Afghanistan in 2001 and had been in Uruzgan since 2005.
About 400 Australians will stay in Afghanistan in non-combat roles, but the majority of the 1,550 troops have left the country.
More than 25,000 Australians have served in Afghanistan since 2001. It has been the largest provider of troops to Afghanistan outside NATO.
In the 1930s French scientists determined that bees could not fly. They knew, of course, that the insects could and did. But according to their calculations, this feat was aerodynamically impossible. They based that conclusion on the fact that wings as small as a bee's could not possibly produce enough lift to allow the bee to get airborne. The problem was, they presumed that the bee's wings were stable, like an airplane's, when in fact honeybees flap and rotate their wings 240 times a second. This flapping, along with the supple nature of the wings themselves, allows a bee--or any flying insect, for that matter--to create a vortex that lifts it into the air. But the specific aerodynamic mechanics of that process as it pertains to the honeybee, with its stubby wings, has remained a mystery until now.
New research from Michael Dickinson of the California Institute of Technology and his colleagues finally explains how Apis mellifera flies. Unlike other flying insects, honeybees use short wing strokes of less than 90 degrees and a high number of flaps every second to stay aloft. The researchers found that when challenged to fly in difficult conditions, such as a mixture of oxygen and helium that mimicked air density at more than five miles up in the atmosphere, the bees resorted to wider strokes but maintained the same high flapping frequency.
This means that honeybees are using a wing stroke pattern that is less efficient than the broader strokes and slower flapping of fruit flies and other insects, despite their constant foraging for food and other necessities. But it also means that a bee can generate more lift when it needs to--when it must carry a heavy load, for example. The researchers speculate that this odd set of strokes may have arisen from precisely this need, as the social creatures sometimes must fly while burdened with nectar or larvae. A report detailing the new findings is being published online this week by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
FILE - In this July 23, 2012 file photo, James E. Holmes appears in Arapahoe County District Court in Centennial, Colo. Holmes is charged with 166 counts, mostly murder and attempted murder, in the July 20 assault on moviegoers at a midnight showing of "The Dark Knight Rises" in Aurora, a Denver suburb. News organizations won't be allowed to have their own cameras in the courtroom during the Colorado theater shooting trial, but they can use video and still images from a closed-circuit TV camera already in the courtroom, the judge said Tuesday, Sept. 30, 2014. (AP Photo/Denver Post, RJ Sangosti, Pool, File)
Harvard University researchers say U.S. mass shootings have surged in the last three years, contradicting earlier studies.
The Harvard researchers said the rate of mass shootings has increased threefold since 2011, occurring on average every 64 days, compared with an average of every 200 days in the years from 1982 to 2011.
The researchers used a database created by Mother Jones to look at mass shootings, which they defined as attacks that "took place in public, in which the shooter and the victims generally were unrelated and unknown to each other, and in which the shooter murdered four or more people."
The Harvard study echoes an FBI report last month that found active shooter incidents have risen dramatically in the last six years, with an average of 16.4 such shootings a year from 2007 to 2013, compared with an average of 6.4 shootings annually from 2000 to 2006.
The graph below shows how the Harvard team plotted the increase in the rate of mass shootings since 2011:
Some earlier media reports asserted that the rate of mass killings has not gone up. That claim, the Harvard researchers said, is based on what they call flawed research by Northeastern University criminologist James Alan Fox.
Fox's research uses a broader definition of mass shootings that includes any killing with a gun in which four or more people were murdered. That includes domestic shootings that take place in a private home, and gang-related or drug-related killings.
Mark Follman, Mother Jones' senior editor, explained why the distinction in the definitions is important.
"Our focus has been on public attacks as opposed to domestic attacks," Follman told The Huffington Post. "Domestic killings are no less serious, but they are a different kind of problem. It's terrible when a mentally disturbed person slaughters his whole family in his home, but that's different from indiscriminate killing."
Follman did not take part in the Harvard analysis, but Mother Jones provided the data upon which the findings are based.
The researchers looked at the amount of time between mass shootings. "This is more effective than counting the annual number of incidents because it is more sensitive to detecting changes in frequency when the number of events per year is small, as is the case with public mass shootings," the researchers explained.
Follman said he hopes the data will give policymakers a clearer idea of how frequently mass shootings occur and help them decide what can be done to curb them.
"The universal goal is we want to prevent these from happening," Follman said. "You have to understand the problem better and track the problem accurately. The clearer the data we can get on mass shootings the better."
UPDATE: Criminologist Fox emailed HuffPost with a response to the Harvard research:
"Why would it be 'flawed' to include all cases of mass shootings, rather than trying to impose somewhat arbitrary criteria. Four or more killed with a gun IS a mass shooting, no mater where it takes place and by whom."
Navigating the dating scene is tricky for anyone — but how is it different when you have a mental condition like bipolar or schizophrenia? (Illustration: Erik Mace for Yahoo Health)
Christina Bruni seems to have it all. She owns her own co-op, has a gym-toned body and striking good looks, and a career as a librarian. She's fit and active.
And 22 years ago, she was diagnosed with schizophrenia.
“I don't have time to waste with fearful, ignorant guys,” she tells Yahoo Health. “Rejection is a two-way street, and I rejected plenty of guys online and in person, too.”
Bruni, 50, is just one of the 42.5 million Americans (about one in five people in this country) with mental illness, including depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia. And while dating is a minefield already, doing so with a mental condition requires a serious dedication to honesty, communication, and — like Bruni says — an open mind. After all, some stats reveal that in marriages where one person is depressed, the divorce rate is nine times higher. And if one person is bipolar, the divorce rate can be 90 percent, Stephanie Buehler, PsyD, a psychologist and sex therapist, tells Yahoo Health.
But Bruni, who wrote Left of the Dial: A Memoir of Schizophrenia, Recovery, and Hope, emphasizes that like a physical disease or a personality trait, mental illness is only a part of someone.
Indeed, “a mental illness shouldn't be someone's identity,” agrees Hilary Bye, a social worker at McLean Hospital's OnTrack program, which treats 18-to-30-year-olds going through a first episode of a psychotic disorder. “There are so many attributes that someone has. This is just one part.”
There are a multitude of factors at play when it comes to making a perfect romantic match that have nothing to do with mental illness. (As Bruni says, “The lack of a guy in my life has nothing to do with my schizophrenia diagnosis.”) But for many people with mental illness, the stigma is very real — and can have an impact when it comes to finding a partner.
“People bring in all sorts of biases and challenges they face into relationships,” Karen Swartz, MD, the director of Johns Hopkins' mood disorders clinic, tells Yahoo Health. “But when people are deciding things about bipolar disorder or schizophrenia, for example, based off of a few very inaccurate portrayals, that leads to stigma.”
Bruni says she doesn't expect others to truly understand what she's been through, so she accepts the stigma. “I'm not scared of anyone who would stigmatize me,” she says. “But if a guy's not compassionate, he's not in my target market. The truth is, I'm more successful in life than narrow-minded people will ever be. Open minds are open doors.”
And experts agree. “Most people with mental health conditions have the potential of having very happy relationships,” Swartz says. “You can have a family and a partner — it's not that you have this experience and you're doomed forever.”
(Illustration: Erik Mace for Yahoo Health)
But first someone has to address certain unavoidable factors — like when and how to tell your partner about a mental condition, and how treatment (including medication) can impact sex life. Issues like these directly impact the relationships of people with a mental health disorder — even more so than the average person.
To Tell or Not to Tell — and When?
For people with a mental condition, when meeting a potential romantic partner, the first words out of their mouths are likely not “Hey, I'm depressed/bipolar/schizophrenic.” But that leads to the question: When is the right time to reveal illness?
Of course, it depends on a multitude of factors: Some people are more open than others, every relationship is different, and some conditions are more serious than others. “Some people can have a mental health condition that intrudes very little into their day-to-day,” notes Swartz, while “some people have more serious conditions.”
But no matter the situation, one thing is for sure: “This is your story to tell — and how much you tell and when you tell it is in your control,” Bye says. For people with a mental condition, just remember to be honest — with yourself and any future partner. A good rule of thumb? “I think if someone has a diagnosis and is treating a condition, they should tell a partner about that before any intimacy occurs,” says Buehler.
Online dating websites dedicated to people with mental health conditions may make the reveal easier. (Sites like nolongerlonely.com, an online dating website for individuals with mental illnesses, target this population.)
Bruni used to have a profile on one such site. “I'm a creative, quirky gal who's an artist and a writer, and I feel most at home among my own tribe. I think someone with a mental illness would be more understanding of what I've been through, though I am open to dating people without mental conditions,” she says. “And even though I have been in remission for 23 years, I still think a lot of people might have a hard time learning that.”
On the other hand, she agrees that speaking up about a mental health condition is uber-important. “Someone with a mental illness where they still have symptoms needs someone to understand what it's like to live every day with that extra challenge,” Bruni says.
Even though Bruni has not yet had to disclose her schizophrenia diagnosis to a partner without mental illness, she says she would disclose her diagnosis sometime between the fifth date and the 10th date, and that it's important to do it in a straight-forward and honest way. “Ideally, you'll disclose in your own apartment or in your partner's apartment and ideally before you decide you want to have sex with him or her,” she says.
Let's Talk About Sex
By now you probably know that something as “small” as a little bit of stress, lack of sleep, or even an antibiotic can affect your sex life — mental health condition or not. But certain aspects of illness — whether it's the condition itself, or the treatment — can affect sex in ways you may not realize.
Take bipolar disorder. “If you're bipolar, your libido may be very high and then may drop at times — especially if you're not on medication,” says Buehler.
And SSRIs, the most commonly prescribed antidepressants, can cause sexual side effects like decreased sexual desire for both sexes, erectile dysfunction or delayed ejaculation in men, and trouble with orgasm in women. In fact, up to 50 percent of people on SSRIs can have a decrease in sexual desire, studies have shown.
A partner without mental illness may not easily grasp all this. (And it doesn't help that sex is often a tricky topic to talk about for most couples.) “If one person says, ‘Look, I'm having some difficulties because of a medication', the other person might understand that, but also take it personally,” Swartz says. “They could take it as a reflection on the relationship.” Therapy — specifically, sex therapy — can help.
Related: 9 Ways Therapists Can Tell If Your Relationship Won't Work
Communication: Hard in Any Relationship
But the biggest struggle of all may be not having the appropriate support, says Buehler. For those with mental health conditions, it can be difficult to communicate experiences, feelings, and needs. That's not only the nature of conditions like depression or bipolar, but also a day-to-day struggle in dating.
Take Erica*, an 18-year-old with bipolar disorder. She met her boyfriend, who is also bipolar, in treatment. And even though both have the condition, communication can still be difficult. “Sometimes people ask me to elaborate on how I felt when I was depressed while I am in the more upward swing of my moods. What they don't realize is I really can't tell them,” she tells Yahoo Health. “For my boyfriend and I, being bipolar is a lot like having split personality disorder — you don't remember how your other personality felt. We both agree our calm personalities only get into fights with each other when we are unstable. It's great because our ability to relate has prevented either of us from hiding our mood swings, which can be a huge key to our recovery when we go off the rails.”
View photos
(Illustration: Erik Mace for Yahoo Health)
Another important aspect? “No matter how irrational my bipolar brain was at the moment, he could differentiate between me and the illness,” says Erica. “I think that is the key to our communication.”
Buehler says that for people with mental illness, being able to develop self-awareness and communicate directly are key. This could be as simple as learning how to say “I need some time alone to think about things” or “I need to cuddle” (instead of walking away or not saying anything at all). “I think everybody who has mental illness could benefit from some sort of therapy to understand how to manage and better communicate needs,” Buehler adds.
The Trials and Tribulations of the Dating Scene
Being in a relationship is one thing. Finding the right person to be in a relationship with is entirely another. For many people with a mental condition, sometimes the perfect romantic partner is someone who truly understands what it's like to live with an illness.
“People do bond over that powerful experience — and sometimes it can be helpful to bring people together with similar struggles,” says Bye. (Many organizations like the National Alliance on Mental Health, or NAMI, do just that.)
Of her boyfriend, Erica says: “It's good that I met him in the hospital. He understands that part of me. When I said I was going to inpatient, he understood. He knew I'd only be able to call him at certain times from random numbers. He got it.”
And because he has the same mental condition as Erica, he's more understanding of symptoms. “If I flip out or am unstable, I can call him and he understands. He isn't like, ‘Whoa, are you OK?'” she says. “If one of us has a bad day, we can talk about what could have triggered it and stuff like that.”
But people with mental health conditions shouldn't feel like they have to seek out others who struggle, too. As Erica puts it: “Even though my boyfriend and I are both bipolar and we met because of that, that's not the main thing we connect on.”
Related: Can 36 Questions Make You Fall in Love — With Anyone?
Bye adds that the most important thing is for people — regardless of if they date someone else with a mental condition or not — to get back to their life and relationships as quickly as possible. Research shows that returning to your regular life and participating in activities you love is most helpful for recovery long-term, she says.
That can also help with the stigmatization, Swartz says. “People — especially in younger generations — are accepting of mental illness, but the way it can be de-stigmatized is if people with mental illness are out there living their lives.”
As for Bruni? She expects to update her online dating profile in June.
As a Partner…
If you're in a relationship with someone with a mental health condition, you may not know what to do, how to help, or what role you should be playing in your relationship. But Buehler says that that is no reason to turn and run the other way. With the right communication skills and a little education, you can have a thriving, successful relationship:
Don't become a micro-manager. “ Sometimes people feel like they have to be in a caretaker role,” says Bye. And while it's certainly nice to be taken care of, it's easy to veer more into “parent” territory than “partner” territory, especially with comments like “Take your meds!” or “How much did you sleep?”
Sometimes people feel like they have to be in a caretaker role,” says Bye. And while it's certainly nice to be taken care of, it's easy to veer more into “parent” territory than “partner” territory, especially with comments like “Take your meds!” or “How much did you sleep?” But know that it's fair to ask questions. Ask your partner what he or she is doing to manage the condition — and what kind of support he or she may need. “You don't need to police someone, but you want to know that they are taking responsibility and helping you help them,” Buehler says.
Ask your partner what he or she is doing to manage the condition — and what kind of support he or she may need. “You don't need to police someone, but you want to know that they are taking responsibility and helping you help them,” Buehler says. Don't attribute everything to the mental illness. If one person feels identified as a patient, that can be very damaging. “It has to feel like an equal partnership,” Bye says.
If one person feels identified as a patient, that can be very damaging. “It has to feel like an equal partnership,” Bye says. Have a communication plan. Ask, “How can I talk to you about this?” After all, the person you're with didn't choose to have a mental health condition. Make sure to listen and ask how you can help. And remember: “Empathy and pity are very different,” Bye says.
*Name has been changed
Read This Next: 10 Questions To Ask Yourself About Your Relationship
Let's keep in touch! Follow Yahoo Health on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest.
Have a personal health story to share? We want to hear it. Tell us at YHTrueStories@yahoo.com.
Muğla's ancient sites, museums increasingly popular among tourists
MUĞLA - Anadolu Agency
The Bodrum Underwater Archaeology Museum, located inside the Bodrum Castle, received the highest number of visitors last year in Muğla.
Museums and ancient sites in the western province of Muğla were visited by nearly 850,000 people last year, with the revenue from these visits topping 6 million Turkish Liras.Home to many ancient sites on UNESCO's temporary list of world heritage sites, Muğla's Sedir Island and Bodrum Underwater Archaeology Museum were the most popular places for tourists in 2015.Muğla Mayor Amir Çiçek said Muğla was important in terms of tourism as well as its historical heritage and natural beauty.He said the city was home to 192 ancient sites, noting archaeological excavations were carried out in at least 10 ancient sites every year. He also said work was continuing to open the city's Beçin Castle, Kayaköy, Lagina, Kaunos, Stratonikeia and Tloss to tourism. “Visitors prefer to see the artifacts in their original places,” he said, adding that the number of visitors increased in 2015 compared to the previous year.“The Bodrum Underwater Archaeology Museum, located inside the Bodrum Castle, built by the Saint John knights, is the one and only in Turkey.“It was visited by 206,091 people last year. It was followed by the Marmaris Museum with 50,168 people and the Zeki Müren Museum with 32,964 people,” the mayor said.Çiçek said Sedir Island, around 25 kilometers away from Marmaris, also draws interest from tourists, adding it was visited by 149,984 people last year.“Fethiye's Kayaköy and Dalyan's Kaunos ancient city follow the Sedir Island in terms of the number of visitors,” he said.
When it comes to elections, fundamentals matter. A lot.
A wide range of political science research suggests that if you want to know who will win the presidency, the state of the economy — and especially how economic conditions are changing — matters a great deal, perhaps even more than how charismatic the candidates are or how much money they raise.
The election is 16 months away, but knowing what we know now, what should we expect the economic backdrop to be when Americans choose their next president?
To answer that question, The Times asked leading forecasters from economic consultancies, financial firms and universities for their predictions on where key economic variables will stand on Nov. 8, 2016 — Election Day. The 17 who participated replied with a relatively strong consensus.
They said they believed that unemployment would be the lowest it has been during an election since George W. Bush and Al Gore faced off in 2000, when it stood at 3.9 percent. The median forecast for the unemployment rate when voters go to the polls in November 2016 was 4.8 percent (which would be down from 5.3 percent last month). They saw only a 15 percent chance of a recession starting by next Election Day. Interest rates, inflation and gasoline prices should all be a bit higher than they are now, they said, while staying quite low by historical standards.
In case your were wondering, it appears as though Barack Obama is totally fed up with the mainstream media right along with us. In fact, he's asking us to do something unprecedented in Presidential elections--to target (read: boycott) media that runs the 'William Ayers' attack ad. We knew that the swiftboat attacks were inevitable but now we know damn well that we can help Barack defend himself as we should. All we have to do is turn off the TV. More details from Politico below.
the primary objective of Republican strategists is to portray Senator Barack Obama as a threat to our national security.
the cable networks have been scouring the streets in search of hostile protesters that could be linked to Obama in a way that undermines his peaceful grassroots movement for change
The recent William Ayers ad plays on the theme of Obama-is-the-enemy and highlights the Republican platform in 2008. Some Republican Billionaire and accomplice of the Swiftboat Veterans for Truth paid for the Ayers ad.
Fortunately for us, the Obama campaign is making good on its promise to prevent McSame's efforts to extend the reign of Bush through the same old lies and tricks.
From Politico: Obama's campaign has written the Department of Justice demanding a criminal investigation of the “American Issues Project,”
Furthermore, the Obama camp has also written 2 letters to news networks
Here is the key of the whole article from Politico and the essence of the message from our most excellent Presidential nominee:
"The Obama campaign plans to punish the stations that air the ad financially, an Obama aide said, organizing his supporters to target the stations that air it and their advertisers."
So far we have 93,000 emails from people like you and me supporting this target (read: boycott).
KEEP UP THE GOOD FIGHT!
Note: CNN and Fox News would not comment on their willing participation in this unpatriotic, dangerous and possibly illegal attack on Obama.
Update 1: Thanks guys and gals for all the passion I see here! [...] Here's the contact info. I've gathered so far. Mojo for Dengre for the tip.
Corporate Headquarters
Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.
10706 Beaver Dam Road
Hunt Valley, Maryland 21030
410-568-1500 (Main Telephone)
410-568-1533 (Main Fax)
Update 2: I'm hearing that the main culprit in the perpetuation of the Ayers swiftboating scheme is Sinclair. Here's a link to their comment form. Tell them how you feel about anti-American activities directed at United States Senators.
Email Sinclair
President Barack Obama's tour of sub-Saharan Africa this month was supposed to make history as his first stay extended stay in the region, but a report by the Washington Post this week has shifted focus onto the trip's price tag, which could reach upwards of $100 million.
When the first family departs on June 26 for a weeklong visit to the continent that will bring them to Senegal, South Africa and Tanzania, they'll kick into motion an expansive security procedure that is typical for any presidential travel.
The entire security apparatus is required to be present on the ground at each of Obama's stops, as his quick pace will leave little time for the entire detail to pack up and redeploy at the next location. The Post reports that this challenge has led to a requirement of 56 total support vehicles -- 14 of them limousines and three of them trucks carrying bulletproof glass panels to cover the windows where the first family is set to stay. All of these will be flown to their various positions by military jet.
Secret Service agents will also be flying to each of the African locations en-masse, ensuring that they have secured the premises prior to the first family's arrival. The Post reports that hundreds of agents will be needed for the operation.
All said, the cost is expected to run the federal government somewhere between $60 million and $100 million, an amount that the White House told the Post is almost entirely determined by what the Secret Service deems necessary in order to ensure the safety of the president and first family. But the fact that the report comes amid sequestration, which took a toll on the Secret Service budget earlier this year, is likely to bolster critics who have questioned the real impact of the cuts.
Obama's forthcoming trip is the latest evidence that presidential travel is both incredibly expensive and frequently controversial. When President Bill Clinton went to Africa in 1998, his trip came at a cost of around $42.8 million. President George W. Bush made two trips to Africa during his tenure, though information from the Government Accountability Office hasn't turned up a specific figure.
About This Game
Features
Diverse and thrilling Single player campaign .
. 18 extensive missions set in a colorful and stylish 70's setting.
set in a colorful and stylish 70's setting. Customize your gang of thieves with up to six playable characters . The powerful bruiser makes a good hatchet man, while the lockpicker is responsible for the finishing touches.
. The makes a good hatchet man, while the is responsible for the finishing touches. Kit out your team with all manner of elaborate tools: like camera jammers , chloroform or explosive charges .
, or . Test your skills under tough conditions in Challenge Mode by unlocking new heists and competing for the ultimate highscore against other players.
by unlocking new heists and competing for the against other players. Unique gameplay mixes quick-thinking with in-depth strategy.
Bonus - Short Film
It's the 1970's: the era of Funk, flared jeans and disco-fueled Saturday nights. A crack team of expert thieves turn Grand Larceny into an art-form by using their many talents to break into the richest homes and steal the finest jewelry - all to finance their hedonistic lifestyles. That is until a lucrative museum heist in Venice involving a famous gem known as ‘Luna Stone' ends in betrayal and the team broken apart. Five years later the remaining gang members reunite with a plot for revenge against their traitorous former comrade – but naturally, their plan will also make them rich beyond their wildest dreams…is a tactical strategy game set in the funky 1970's with a slick and groovy atmosphere. Show off the art of thieving by plotting stylish heists and robberies; utilizing espionage and quick-thinking to avoid detection. Implement a successful strategy by assembling and kitting out your team before the job and planning the best way in.
OTTAWA—Newly elected Conservative leader Andrew Scheer was greeted with a standing ovation by his leadership rivals and party caucus Monday in a display of unity after a deeply split vote on the weekend. Scheer, the 38-year-old MP and former Commons Speaker, was elected with 50.95 per cent of ballots casts in a leadership race that saw 13 candidates vie for the top job, and a ballot contest that ran right up to the 13th count.
Andrew Scheer addressed his first caucus meeting as Conservative party leader and delivered a message of unity. Scheer also outlined the party?s policy plans leading up to the 2019 federal election.
On Monday, Scheer appealed for unity saying it's the only way “we'll defeat Justin Trudeau in 2019.” Scheer hailed the other leadership contenders, many of whom were in the room: Maxime Bernier, Erin O'Toole, Lisa Raitt, Mike Chong, Kellie Leitch, Steven Blaney, and Brad Trost among them. Canadians saw what the Conservative team could do “when we were competing against one another,” he said. “Now, imagine what we can do when we work together.”
Article Continued Below
“To Canadians across the country, there is renewed hope for Canada,” Scheer said in a speech that echoed his weekend victory address. “Because we know that the pain the Trudeau Liberals are causing Canadians is only temporary. Our team is united, positive and focused on delivering for everyday Canadians and their families in 2019.” Scheer, a dimple-cheeked father of five, got another standing ovation when he said how proud he was to have shared the national stage with his competitors. He singled out “my friend and colleague” Maxime Bernier, the presumed frontrunner whose libertarian platform had given him a lead through much of the vote count. Bernier had won the backing of television celebrity Kevin O'Leary after he dropped out before last week's count. But it wasn't enough to put Bernier over the top. He lost to Scheer at the last ballot.
The Saskatchewan MP is now leader of the Opposition. Scheer clinched a victory in the 13th ballot against Quebec MP Maxime Bernier on Saturday night. ( Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“Your bold campaign reignited the passions of Conservatives everywhere I've travelled,” said Scheer. “I thank you. We all thank you for what you've contributed, and I'm excited to work with you together on building that excitement.” At the morning caucus that was opened to television cameras and reporters, Scheer said he was “honoured” by his victory. He promised to be the standard-bearer for many longstanding Conservative planks, of low-taxes; support for families, “not connected Ottawa insiders,” and “conservative policies that will create prosperity.”
Article Continued Below
“The Liberals can take their cues from the cocktail circuit. We will take ours from the minivans, from the soccer fields, from the legion halls and the grocery stores.” He pledged to recommit Canada's air force to the fight against Daesh, also known as ISIS; repeal the Liberals' carbon tax, and protect free speech on campuses using the threat of de-funding universities. Read more:
Former House of Commons Speaker Andrew Scheer has narrowly edged out Maxime Bernier to become federal Conservative leader. In his victory speech Saturday, Scheer accused Justin Trudeau of being more focused on ?selfies? than policies.
Read more: Social conservative candidates got strong support from Toronto suburbs, leadership data says Scheer's election as Conservative leader cheered by anti-abortion groups Andrew Scheer has his work cut out to prevent Trudeau rebuilding Quebec fortress: Hébert Scheer said the party's funds are in good shape, and the caucus is united. This he credited to interim leader Rona Ambrose. He used a lot of the same lines from his weekend speeches, about having to fill Ambrose's “very stylish” shoes. Before caucus, several of his rivals promised to work with him. “There's victory when there's unity,” said Erin O'Toole, who was widely considered the person along with Scheer who had a good shot at defeating Bernier in what he called a “nail-biter” vote. O'Toole said he is not concerned Scheer, whose personal views are pro-life, will allow MPs to bring forward debate on bills to reopen the abortion issue. Scheer has also said he would not allow government legislation to reopen the debate. “Parliament is for debate, it's not for stifling it,” said O'Toole. “We shouldn't be afraid of these issues coming up and I think Andrew has said he wants to lead by building consensus first and not by focusing on areas of division. I think that's a smart approach.” MP Brad Trost, a social conservative and fellow Saskatchewan MP, said most of his supporters went to Scheer as their second choice. He said he now stands behind Scheer “110 per cent . . . . I trust Andrew and he has my full support.” Trost said he believes social-conservatives have a stronger voice after Scheer's election, saying for now he is giving Scheer “some space and room” to work on party unity and policies. Trost said he personally will not put forward a pro-life private member's bill in this parliament to reopen the abortion debate. He said he'd be supportive of any such bill, and he is confident that groups such as Campaign Life Coalition will look towards electing more pro-life MPs. MP Michelle Rempel later said the media was overly focused on what Scheer would do on the abortion issue.
Andrew Scheer questioned the Trudeau government?s commitment to fighting terrorism during his first question period as Opposition leader. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan defended the government?s contributions to fighting extremists.
“To be perfectly frank, that's a narrative that you guys are trying to develop . . . . It was so interesting to see Stephen Harper tried to be painted one way or another for 10 years. When he said ‘we're not reopening these debates,' he meant it, and we ended up with a balanced budget and one of the strongest economies in the G7.” “I feel like this is grasping here,” said Rempel. MP Kellie Leitch, whose pitch to require face-to-face screening of all visitors, immigrants and refugees to Canada, failed to win much support, denied the vote showed a split in the party. She said Scheer won support from a wide range of backgrounds, including female MPs in the caucus. “He's a young dynamic leader and I'm sure he's going to do a great job.” “I think he's going to make sure the party is united and strong for the 2019 election,” she said, adding she will run in the next election. Scheer supporter Mark Strahl was thrilled with the result and predicted the party would rally behind Scheer. “He ran on a unity platform and I think we're going to see that today and going forward that caucus and the party will rally around him.”
Read more about:
Three of the largest internet service providers and their trade association have spent at least $26.3 million on lobbying the federal government since April 1–about $1.12 for every public comment filed with the government on a repeal of net neutrality rules, according to a MapLight analysis.
Roughly 23.5 million comments have been filed with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) since April, with the vast majority urging the government to keep a rule requiring equal bandwidth treatment for all internet content. A study released in August found 98.5% of the unique comments received were opposed to repealing the net neutrality rules. Despite the outpouring of popular support for net neutrality, the Trump administration has said it will scrap the rules that have prevented internet providers from charging more money for unfettered access to some websites.
The battle over net neutrality shapes up as another defeat for Americans, who have been outmuscled by corporate money in the nation's capital on issues ranging from climate change to healthcare. Ajit Pai, the former Verizon lawyer-turned-FCC head, announced last month that the commission would vote on a proposal to eliminate net neutrality at a Thursday (Dec. 14) meeting.
Between 2008 and early 2017, the three big internet providers–Verizon, Comcast, and AT&T–and their trade organization, the National Cable & Telecommunications Association, had spent $572 million lobbying federal lawmakers on subjects that include net neutrality. Through early July, about 5.6 million public comments had been registered with the FCC.
Although the FCC formally closed its comment period on its plan to scrap net neutrality in mid-July, comments have continued to pour into the commission's website. Almost 18 million were received after the comment period ended.
The Trump administration contends that net neutrality rules have prevented internet service providers from investing in infrastructure. Supporters of the existing rules, which were created by the Obama administration, argue that repealing net neutrality will allow internet providers to throttle access to websites that don't offer a competitive or financial advantage.
Photographers in Japan have shared a beautiful series of images depicting vibrant star trails streaking over Chofukuji Temple in Okayama.
The pictures were taken in Mimasaka City by Trevor Williams of Tdub Photo. The long-exposure images depict stars whirling in a circular motion in the blue night sky above the vibrant orange Buddhist temple below. Dating back to 1285, the building features a three-story pagoda that stands at 22.7 metres high. Originally built on a mountain in Niigata, the structure went through a series of repairs throughout its history before being granted special protection from the government and being moved to the current location in Okayama in 1955.
“The conditions that night were perfect for shooting star trails. The moon was at half and in the sky at just the right time. This provided some ambient light to the temple and surrounding garden, and there wasn't a cloud in the sky. It was around zero degrees, so some disposable hand warmers were wrapped around the camera lenses to keep them from fogging and potentially freezing over,” photographer Trevor Williams told Lonely Planet Travel News. Each of the shots took about 20 – 40 minutes to expose, with the camera's shutter being left open during that period to record the movement of the earth. More of Tdub's work is available to view on their website.
Rhinehart bought an 8,422-square foot plot of land on Flat Top Hill overlooking the city and placed a shipping container on it, planning to create a minimalist dwelling with solar panels, septic tank and graywater recycling.
However, any time someone wants to live detached from the government-regulated grid and associated extortion fees, it draws the attention of authorities.
Part of the problem may be that he didn't move quickly enough for nearby residents who complained about the large red structure sitting up on the hill. They didn't like that some trash was left behind after Rhinehart hosted a party there, and how the shipping container became the target of graffiti and misbehaving youngsters.
Rhinehart said he would move the structure to a new location, but the city was already working to bring him up on charges. Rhinehart maintains that he spent thousands to improve the land, remove trash and mow the grass on his land and the entire hilltop.
“Flat Top hill has been a gathering spot since long before I arrived. I would be thrilled if the area became a park, but that has not materialized so in the meantime I have a right to use land that I own,” Rhinehart told The Guardian via email. “I want a sturdy, lightweight, affordable home.”
Nearby residents have long called for the area to be turned into a park, but the city wanted to make a buck from it, so they auctioned it in December, allowing Rhinehart to purchase the land.
Now, after residents complained, and with no indication Rhinehart intends to connect to the city grid, Los Angeles has deemed the shipping container an “unlawful structure” and removed it.
“Unpermitted structures pose a safety risk,” said City Attorney Mike Feuer. “They also can be unsightly and erode the quality of life in a neighborhood.”
But Rhinehart wonders where the city was when his property was being vandalized. “My home was graffitied and the windows were smashed,” Rhinehart told the Guardian. “That's my fault? Where are the police?”
Concerning the residents who complained about the structure, the 27-year-old CEO offered an apology on his blog.
“I would like to offer my sincerest apologies to my neighbors who I upset. As a first time property owner, the container was meant to be an experiment in sustainable housing. In the future, I will ensure that I do my due diligence with regard to all city and neighborhood regulations. Flat Top Hill is a gem of Los Angeles, and I intend to make only positive contributions to the neighborhood and community going forward.”
Rhinehart plans to reinstall the structure or “a new iteration” of his design and build a fence for security and privacy. He also intends to get the necessary permits from Los Angeles, assuming they let him go forward with the off-grid experiment.
But first he has to show up in court on September 7 for arraignment to fight overzealous authorities, who were glad to take his money for purchasing the land but are now displeased that his structure is unpermitted.
Many other cities have approved shipping container projects, as Rhinehart points out. His experiment at Flat Top Hill will tell us whether Los Angeles is on board with the trend toward sustainable living, or thwarts the attempt at living free from the clutches of the government-regulated grid.
Getty Images
Knicks rookie Kristaps Porzingis appeared wise beyond his 19 years at the Las Vegas Summer League.
For starters, Porzingis, who averaged 10.5 points and 1.8 blocks on 48.0 percent shooting, had three swats guarding Jahlil Okafor, who is around 40 pounds heavier at 270, in a Knicks win over the Sixers. Porzingis also demonstrated an early command of the triangle offense and showed a smiling, friendly approach with the tough New York media.
Porzingis, whose nickname is "Zinger" in Europe, was such a crowd favorite that some fans screamed enthusiastically for him to shoot as soon as he caught the ball.
He also flashed an experienced hand off the court, explaining different types of foie gras and steak tartare in an interview with Bleacher Report one night at 35 Steaks + Martinis restaurant at the Hard Rock Hotel. Porzingis, who has traveled throughout Europe for hoops and speaks three languages (Latvian, Spanish and English), is much more seasoned than a regular teenager. He also has a step ahead for living in the States with his longtime appreciation for American culture, from hip-hop music to T.G.I. Friday's, his favorite restaurant in Seville, Spain, where he played professionally from 2011 to 2015.
"I think the only time where I was really kind of stressed was where he was going to land in the draft," said one of Porzingis' two older brothers, Janis, a former European player who now serves as his agent for ASM Sports. "He's ready to play in the capital of the world. At first, I wasn't that sure how he would adjust with all the media, but he's a tough guy. He's so cool and calm. Once he learns the [Knicks'] system, he's going to be way more aggressive. Now, he's trying to fit in."
While in Vegas, Porzingis spoke with B/R over dinner about his transition from draft-night boos to the bright lights of Vegas and New York City; his interaction with Carmelo Anthony and special meeting with Kevin Garnett; his hip-hop and pingpong interests off of the court; and much more. The conversation is presented below in his words and edited for clarity and length.
Porzingis on His New York Reception and Being a Knick
I knew there were going to be boos if the Knicks drafted me. That's how New York fans are. I know if I play hard and show that I want to be a Knick, I know the fans will accept me. I really wanted to get drafted by the Knicks, and it was a dream come true. I wasn't even hearing the boos that night. I was just having a special moment with my family, hugging them.
The night of the draft was pretty crazy. I was thinking, Maybe I can go No. 3, even No. 2. So you're a little nervous the whole time. Two or three minutes before No. 4, my agent, Andy Miller, turned to me and said, "The Knicks are taking you." In that moment, I couldn't believe it. First I was like, "I want to hear my name." When I heard it, it was an amazing feeling. Adam Silver even pronounced my name right.
On the stage, Adam just said, "Congrats. Welcome to New York. We're happy to have you. Welcome to the family." That's a dream for everybody, and to go that high and be a Knick, that's a really special moment for me.
Carmelo Anthony reached out to me after I got drafted. He said, "Congrats, welcome to the team." I didn't have his number, so I texted back, "Who's this?" And then a few minutes later, he said, "This is Melo" with his No. 7 as the "l." I met him actually when I came for my Knicks tryout for the first time. We've talked a couple of times since then.
Melo is a superstar, so he'll be great for me. I'll be open a lot of times just because he draws so much attention. And off the court, it will be great for me to be around him to see how he carries himself, and with the fans, how he dresses, how professional he is with the media and how hard he works in the gym. So it will be a great experience for me to learn from him.
New York City is crazy; there are people everywhere. New York is the best city in the world, I think. You have everything there. It's just a little hard to get from one place to another. But I love to drive, and my dream car is a Mercedes-Benz. We will see if I get it. Sometimes my brother will drive so I can just chill and sit in the back and watch film.
Kathy Willens/Associated Press
On the Vegas Scene and Handling Attention
Janis and I walked the Vegas Strip, and there are so many random people. Some were drunk, and some were giving me nightclub passes. Vegas is actually the first city I went to when I came to the U.S. last summer, when I trained at Impact Basketball gym with Joe Abunassar. My first night in Vegas, after my airline baggage got lost, I had my first filet mignon at Caesars Palace, and it's now one of my favorite foods because it's healthy.
For me, Vegas is about working out, and it's fun for me to work out. They say Sin City, but I just work out and play in the summer league. When I do walk out on the street, it's been crazy because when I was playing in Seville, which is not a big basketball city, not a lot of people knew me. But now I love the attention. I'm just having fun with the fans, taking pictures, just joking around. Everybody wants to know how tall I am. Sometimes I just joke around and say, "Eight feet."
Ronda Churchill/Associated Press
I like being tall because people recognize me. But there's still people after a picture who are like, "What's your name? Where do you play? Do you play basketball?" I'm like, "Come on, man." They just want to take pictures because I'm tall. One thing about being tall that's not cool is that everybody sees you always. Whatever you do, you can't hide. It's something I had to get used to, but it's fun because random people want to talk to you.
I would say 99 percent of the fans in Vegas have been positive. Fans are really nice when I see them, but then on social media it's a little worse. I don't read everything, but there are still fans who are like, "You're going to be a bust."
Actually Kevin, Garnett gave me advice about that this week. He came up to me after one of our practices when the Timberwolves were walking in.
He knew me a little bit from my interviews. He said, "Take that negative and turn it into energy." He was telling me, "Just don't listen to the outside and work as hard as you can." I really love KG, and it was great having him tell me that advice.
On Some of His NBA Favorites
I watched a lot of KG's videos growing up with Janis. We watched how KG made his moves in the post and a lot of his dunks. KG is a beast. He's somebody I looked up to.
We also watched a lot of Anthony Davis and Dirk Nowitzki. Anthony is a freak athlete, and I just love watching him dunking the ball and running the floor. I love how he attacks and does his moves. He's really aggressive, and I like that. And Dirk, it's just how he gets that little space and gets his shot off with his one-legged fadeaway. It's unguardable, and it's something I want to learn.
I think with time, I will learn where I can attack and where I will have good position. But I'm feeling more confident and comfortable every time the team plays together. I actually love the triangle because it's how I play—pick-and-pop, make plays for others and have my shot. The better you know the triangle, the better you will make better plays. We're all still learning.
While the game is pretty fast like the ACB league in Spain, it's more physical than in Europe, especially because I've been playing the 5. But it's mostly the same basketball. The first coach I had in Seville was American, Scott Roth, and we were playing this kind of defense in the ACB league. I would say like 60, 70 percent of what we do now is similar to the stuff we did with Scott and Audie Norris, my other American coach who also taught me the bank shot. I shoot it all the time now.
In Europe, we called it "blue" on defense when a point guard steps on the side and then the big helps down, like icing a pick-and-roll to the sideline. Here, it's "push." And in a middle pick-and-roll, here it's "weak" because you force the opponent to his weak hand. Just different names, but the same stuff.
On Adjusting to American Culture
The adjustment has been easier because I had American teammates in Spain, and I listened to hip-hop my whole life. I listen to a lot of Drake and Meek Mill before games. So I pretty much know the culture, and my English is pretty good. But handshakes are different. It's the hug and then back with your hand. It's pretty cool.
The Latvian rap group Transleiteris actually made a song about me. People listen to it, and it's gotten a lot of views. They even had a radio interview in New York with Gio and Jones. They're just making fun of Latvian language. It's more of a parody than a real song. What happened is this other Latvian rap group Olas made a song about NHL player Zemgus Girgensons. In the music video, they wore T-shirts that said, in English translation, "a lot of money." So the Transleiteris saw that my contract is going to be bigger with the Knicks, so they wore T-shirts that said, in English translation, "even more money."
Damian Lillard is actually a good rapper. Maybe in Latvian one day I'll rap a little bit, but definitely not in English. I like freestyle battles. I love the show Sway in the Morning.
My new interest is pingpong. We have a table at the Knicks' practice facility, and after I finish my workout, Janis is already ready with the paddle. We play every day in New York. Sometimes it's funny because whenever we're playing a long time and he gets a tough point, he gets excited like crazy, and I hate that. I get so competitive and we trash talk. He only beat me one time, but I won't let him beat me anymore.
Janis is a little tough on me, but that's how older brothers are. He just wants me to be good and succeed. My other brother, Martins, who also played professionally in Europe, will be coming to the States soon with my mother, Ingrida, and father, Talis. They'll be here for about three to four months, and I'm excited to have my mother's home cooking. She's amazing. She even makes homemade desserts.
On the NBA Grind and Life Beyond the Court
I'm most excited to see what the travel is going to be like in the NBA. It's going to be tough, from what I hear, just flying around all the time, being on planes, flying in late, the next day having a game. The thing is I can sleep on planes. Janis has a lot of pictures of me sleeping on planes.
It's going to be a tough season, but that's why you've got to take good care of your body, make sure you eat good, you recover. I'm young, but I want to make sure I take care of myself in the beginning so I can have a long, successful career. After Vegas, I'll go home to Latvia for a few days, and then I'll come back to New York and start a training program and diet plan. The Knicks have no weight goal yet, but I'll be eating a lot and lifting hard to try to get as strong as I can for the season.
Off the court, I've started to realize how much there is behind basketball, whether it's interacting with the fans or social media. Now I have a lot of followers after the draft, so I'm trying to be as active as I can.
I'm even learning a lot about social media from comedian Kevin Hart. I've learned from him because of how hard he works—he's filming or doing a performance all the time—and the kinds of first-person videos he posts. I actually went to see him perform in New York with the team before leaving to Vegas.
For next summer, I want to have a camp for kids in Latvia. It's such a small country, and I want to give back there because now I'm the face of Latvian basketball. I actually love working with kids. I went to the Knicks' kids camp recently, and I had fun just being around them.
Overall, it's a great opportunity being in New York, and if we can make something good happen and make it to the playoffs, that will be great for me personally, for the team and for the city. We have Phil Jackson, Derek Fisher, just a great organization all around, and I think the level of play will grow on the court. I'm just happy to be a Knick.
Jared Zwerling covers the NBA for Bleacher Report. Follow him on Twitter and Instagram.
TOKYO – Eight Japanese high school students were presumed dead after being caught in an avalanche Monday while being trained in mountain climbing at a ski resort, authorities and media said.
The avalanche occurred in the town of Nasu in Tochigi prefecture, about 190 kilometres (120 miles) north of Tokyo. Forty other people were injured, including two who were in serious condition, the prefecture said.
The Fire and Disaster Management Agency said eight people were found with no vital signs, though they had not been formally confirmed dead by medical personnel.
Japanese media said they were students who were participating in a three-day training program for members of mountaineering clubs from seven schools in the area.
Heavy snow had fallen overnight, so a planned climb was cancelled and instead students were practicing moving through heavy snow as mountain survival training, public broadcaster NHK said.
One unidentified student told NHK by telephone that there was a strong wind and he could see a white mass heading toward him. An instructor said to get down, and then everyone was engulfed, he said.
Tochigi prefecture said 40 students and eight instructors were on the slope. Fourteen others in the group did not go out. The ski season had ended at the resort.
 An attempt to quell racial tensions at UC San Diego fell short today. Hundreds of minority students walked out of a "teach in" organized by university officials.
Several hundred students wore black T-shirts and held their fists in the air as they marched into UCSD's main campus auditorium for the teach-in.
The event was the university's response to the spate of racially charged incidents on campus. Officials were hoping the teach-in would help begin the healing process.
In fact, Black Student Union Leader Fnann Keflezighi was invited to speak. She called on students to walkout of the room an hour into the event.
“We want to walk out of this university sponsored teach-in because a teach-in is not what is needed right now,” Keflezighi told the crowded auditorium. “Right now real action is needed. So please join me in our teach-in and follow me to march out of this room.”
Minority students leaders want administrators to implement a list of 32 demands immediately. They want officials to fix what they call a racial state of emergency. Students say the racially derogatory incidents speak to a larger problem of institutional racism on campus.
Related
UCSD Students Say Deeper Racism Exists On Campus
UCSD Students Blast Chancellor Over Racially Charged Incidents
NAACP Speaks Out Against UCSD 'Compton Cookout' Party
UCSD Party Called Horrible Act Of Racism
To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.
How Beach Volleyball Changed my Body
Beach Volleyball changed my body. I gained 5 pounds of lean muscle mass in relatively short amount of time. I topped out at 200lbs, something I have never been able to do. I see much of that new muscle in my legs. Jeans are now a little tighter in my thighs/butt area 😮
This is no small thing! I have been training hard for over 2 decades and trying to maximize power and strength. It should be noted that during this time of muscle growth, I wasn't lifting nearly as much as usual. I needed to spend as much time as I could on the court and my lifts (in season) became more “maintenance”.
The take-away is that beach volleyball is GOOD FOR YOU! That is a message that should be broadcast loudly. I see lots of people who already know this…groups of people that come down to the beach or sand court and play for a couple hours. It's fun, outdoors, social, muscle building and helps develop better stamina. Struggle to get to the gym on a regular basis? No worries, head to the beach/sand court and go have some fun!
For years (especially in the final few years of my indoor career) I tried to put on more weight. I was working hard in the weight room and working very closely with trainers and nutritionists to optimize my strength and power. Eating became an absolute chore and it took months for me to make gains. They were good gains but it would take close to 6 weeks to pack on 2 pounds of lean muscle mass and lifts that would take over 2 hours, 4x per week.
So what is the difference? What is the contributing factors that led to the ability to pack on more muscle in a shorter amount of time? I would wager much of it has to do with the floor surface. It is hard work to move around in the sand. From running to jumping, there is a lot more effort required to cover ground both laterally and vertically. The great news is that that extra work load doesn't incur any joint load that results in pain because the landing is so soft!
After a Beach workout, I feel zero joint pain. ZERO. I feel muscle burn and my recovery focus quickly became muscle pliability, stretching and countermovements to remain balanced. My joints feel great. That in contrast to how I felt after indoor workouts! After playing indoor, I would feel my joints…all of them – shoulder, knees, back, etc..recovery often included joint pain management largely focussed on icing and trying to reduce swelling in the joint. Some have argued that since swelling is the body's natural healing response, it is somehow bad to intervene and try to reduce that swelling. I am not a doctor, however, playing indoor volleyball everyday for years on end is not “natural” either…and the extra swelling can cause worse problems as you continue to pound your body on the hard surface day in and day out.
I want to add that Anthony Darmiento (Strength and Conditioning for USA Beach) has been charting our (USA Beach Athlete's) explosiveness all season long. We have data points from back in January to last week. What is awesome is that in adding this weight and new beach mechanics, I have been able to maintain the same explosiveness! All great news!
So, if you don't have time to hit the gym on a regular basis but want to maintain your strength and fitness, go grab some friends and play beach volleyball!!
Well dearest PabstyLoudMouth, you have absolutely made my day! I would be eating the shit out of that chocolate if I literally hadn't JUST had oral surgery. After weeks of anticipation, the gift has arrived! I got some WINE (YESSSSSS) from my Santa's home town, some delicious looking dark chocolate, some HONEY for my tea :), a great looking book that I am really looking forward to getting into and a terrifying porcelain skull that sadly showed up broken but still functional!
NOT TO MENTION a ton of little round dog plushies that my dogs STILL haven't stopped going ape shit over. Once they discovered that they squeaked, all bets were off. Millie and Fenix say THANK YOU!
This is an awesome halloween exchange and once my gums don't look like Frankenstein anymore, I will tell you how that chocolate really tastes!!! You are seriously an amazing person and an outstanding Santa. THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!
It might seem a like simple process, but picking the right music genre for a game soundtrack is a challenging task. The musical styles are almost infinite: free jazz, fusion, epic rock, late romantic, Gregorian, gypsy folk; to list just a few options available. Should you use a traditional classical orchestral style for your new RPG game or should you try an unexpected solution like trance music? As we know, music can make or break a game and the genre plays a major part in the process. In this article, I'll give you some guidelines, inspired by the great book A Composer's Guide to Game Music written by Winfred Phillips, on how to pick a music genre for your game that will (hopefully) resonate with your players. Before delving into this, let's have a short detour on game genres, which, as we'll see, are deeply intertwined with music genres.
Although video games come in all shapes and sizes, they can be classified into a number of genres. There are shooters, platformers, RPGs. puzzles just to name a few. Each genre has a unique game style and is characterised by a particular atmosphere. Think of RPG games for example. Many of them are set in fantasy/medievalish worlds with a bunch of good knights, princesses and wizards that set out on a quest to fight against the bad guys, in order to restore peace.
Each game genre appeals to a specific target demographic. Most developers know this and they (un)consciously design their games based on what their target market likes and dislikes. The game genre is a marketing tool by itself. For example, it would be unthinkable to market a complex game like Dark Souls III to casual gamers. For this game, you need core gamers passionate about RPGs and adventure games who love to be challenged.
There's a strong connection between game genre and music genre. The most important role of a video game soundtrack is to enhance the enjoyment and immersion of the player. To achieve this goal, the music should be influenced by the musical taste of the target demographic which likes to play a specific game. Just like the game genre is a marketing tool, so is the music genre. As music researcher David Huron says “musical styles have long being identified with social and demographic groups. Musical style might therefore assist in targeting a specific group”.
One of the steps involved in planning the music for a game is to pick up a genre. If you're interested in a handy guide for video game music planning you can check out this article that I wrote. When deciding the style of your soundtrack you should think of the music genre as a marketing tool that will make your product (the game) more appealing to the target demographic of your game. This doesn't mean that you should be completely constrained by the musical tastes of your audience though. In fact, you should find a balance between what your target market likes and what you think it's best for enhancing the game experience through the music.
Before deciding the music genre for your game soundtrack you should ask yourself the following questions:
Who's my target demographic?
What are the musical tastes of my target market?
Which are the music genres normally used for my game genre?
What is my expectation for the music?
You can action the questions above following the 4 following steps:
Identify the player type of your game. Understand the musical tastes of your player type. Figure out the music genres for your game genre. Pick a music genre mediating between the previous points and your idea of the music.
Notice that I've used the concept of player type, which is a fancy name for describing the prototypical player of a game which has a specific personality and set of behaviours. More on this in a sec.
1- Identify the player type of your game
The first step for deciding the music genre is to understand who's the prototypical player of your game, i.e., the player type. Who are the main player types? Game researchers Chris Bateman and Richard Boon categorise player values and behaviours and connect different personality profiles to the game genres they are likely to enjoy. The researchers surveyed many gamers asking them questions about personality traits and preferences on game genres. Here are some of the aspects that they analysed with the questions:
A propensity to be outgoing and comfortable in large groups.
A tendency to prefer planned rather than spontaneous action.
An inclination to consider the feeling of other before taking action.
The 4 basic player types
After they studied the results of the questionnaires, Bateman and Boon realised that the gamers could be categorised in 4 main player types. Gamers who belong to the same player type share similar personalities and values. Here are the 4 player types and their most recognisable personality traits:
Conquerors – Strongly determined players who want to “beat” the game, and who feel emotional satisfaction when winning.
Managers – Players who enjoy mastering all the required skills of a game, rather than “beating” it. They like to think ahead and to keep track of all of the game variables in realtime.
Wanderers – Players who love discovering immersive environments.
Participants – Social and emotional players that prefer games which are based on social interactions with other people, and with compelling stories.
Bateman and Boon refined the 4 player types further, by dividing each of them into two subcategories: hardcore and casual gamers. Hardcore players play many titles, for a long time and are willing to learn complex procedures. On the other hand, casual players play few titles for a short amount of time and prefer simple game logic.
Your role in this step is to understand the player type of your game. By getting this information, you'll be able to see the world through the eyes of your target demographic and therefore to understand your players' values and needs. Once you know the player type, you can think of a music genre that may satisfy the expectations of the players. For example, a conqueror may want an energising epic-rock music that rewards him every time she kills a boss. This is the case for the soundtrack of the first-person shooter Halo 2 which features numerous pieces in the rock/metal style.
As you may understand, figuring out the player type of your game isn't valuable in the music domain only. This information can also guide you while designing your game or even when marketing it.
2- Understand the musical tastes of your player type
In this step you have to look up the musical styles that your player type most likely enjoys. To do that, we should be able to connect the 4 player types to different music genres. Can we do this? Yes, because there's some great research in music psychology that correlates personality traits with preference in music genres.
Personality profiles and musical preferences
A study conducted by Delsing, surveyed thousands of people asking questions about their personality and their musical preferences.
The researcher categorised music into 4 big styles: rock, urban, pop/dance and elite. Rock is pretty self explanatory. Urban includes styles like hip-hop, rap, soul and folk. To pop/dance belongs trance music, EDM and all of those songs that usually make it into the top positions of the international music charts. Elite includes jazz, classical/orchestral music and religious music. It goes without saying that this music categorisation is a clear simplification, but nonetheless it can help us to understand the general trends in musical preferences for different personality profiles.
Delsing measured the personality of a person considering 5 variables: extroversion, agreeableness, conscientiousness, emotional stability and openness to experience. By analysing thousands of questionnaires, Delsing found a correlation between personality types and musical preferences:
People with the highest levels of introversion are most likely to enjoy rock.
Extraverts are most likely to enjoy urban and pop/dance.
Respondents who were open to new experiences are most likely to enjoy rock and elite music.
People who tend to plan things ahead are likely to prefer elite.
Subjects who enjoyed social interactions are likely to enjoy a vast array of genres: urban, pop/dance and elite.
Player types and music genres
We can now map these personality traits onto the 4 player types, because the two studies of Desling and of Bateman and Boon refer to similar correlating characteristics. This allows us to find a connection between personality types and preferred musical styles:
Conquerors (introverts, planners) are likely to enjoy rock and elite.
Managers (introverts, planners) are likely to enjoy rock.
Wanderers (open to new experiences) are likely to enjoy rock and elite.
Participants (emotionally involved, enjoy social interactions) are likely to enjoy urban, pop/dance and elite.
Now that you know the musical preferences of the 4 different player types, it's very easy to identify the music genres that are likely to be enjoyed by the players of your game.
3- Figure out the music genres for your game genre
In this step you should find out what are the music genres that are most common for your game genre. If you like logic, there's a chance you'll enjoy the following argument! A correlation exists between player type and game genre. Indeed, different target demographics enjoy different game genres. As we've seen in the previous step, player types are connected with music genres. Therefore, game genres are correlated with music genres via player types. In simple words, the (stereotyped) music genres, which tend to be (re)used in a certain game genre, are determined by the musical preferences of the correspondent player types of that game genre.
You can ignore the previous theoretical detour without missing any vital information, but you should definitely pay attention to what's coming next. Here's a list of common game genres with the player types that are most likely to play them and with the relative music genres, which are traditionally associated with them:
Shooters | conquerors | rock, elite
Platformers | wanderers | pop/dance, urban, elite
Adventure | managers | rock, elite
RPG | conquerors, managers, participants | rock, elite, urban, pop/dance
Survival horror | wanderers | rock, elite
Racing | casual gamers of all types except participants | rock, pop/dance
Simulations | managers | rock, elite
Strategy | managers | rock, elite
Puzzle | managers, wanderers, participants | rock, pop/dance, urban, elite
Fighting | conquerors | rock
Stealth | conquerors | rock, elite
Look up the music genre(s) associated to your game genre and use it along with the information about the player type to decide the music genre of your game in the next and final step.
4- Pick a music genre mediating between the previous points and your idea of the music
Now it's time for you to make a decision! You already have all the information you need in terms of target market, player type's musical tastes and music genres commonly associated with your game.
Hold on for a second and consider what you expect from the music of your game. You may want to have your players feeling comfortable while listening to a genre you know they're probably going to like. In this case, your next RPG should definitely feature an orchestral soundtrack. Perhaps you'd like to shock the players going against all of their musical expectations? If so, try to blend a trance soundtrack with the medieval looking villages of your retro RPG.
Whatever genre you decide to go for, you now have the means and understanding deciding whether to follow the mind or the heart. It's up to you!
Conclusion
Choosing a music genre is a fundamental step for laying the foundation of a good music plan. As is clear, there's no perfect strategy for picking a music genre for a soundtrack that's guaranteed to be enjoyed by all of your players. If you follow the steps I outlined above (considering the player type, her musical tastes and the music associated with the genre of your game) it's likely that you'll end up choosing a genre that should work. But you may want to go against these “rules” because of your creative ideas and needs. This is perfectly fine!
In any case, try to balance the reasoning with what you feel and remember that you aren't the end user of your game. The previous sentence isn't exclusive to the musical domain. Put the players at the centre of all of the aspects of the game development process and try to figure out how you can create the best experience possible for them, not for you. We can call this process PCD (player-centred development). I really like making up acronyms!
How do you choose the music genre for the soundtrack of your video games?
“The Scope and Limitations of Security Analysis. The Concept of Intrinsic Value”
Chapter Summary
Analysis is the study of available facts with the attempts to draw conclusions based on sound logic. That logic is applied via the scientific method, though in a relatively inexact way. (pg 61).
There exists three functions of security analysis: descriptive, selective, and critical. 1. Descriptive: Collection, organization, and presentation of relevant facts. (pg 62). 2. Selective: Value judgements are made based on description. The judgements include deciding to buy, sell, retain, or exchange. (pg 62). 3. Critical: The application of standards to descriptive facts, used in determining the “soundness and practicability” of the securities at hand. One must be a critic of accounting policies, management decisions, etc. (pg 74).
The difference between the intrinsic value and the price of a security is the primary concern of an analyst. This is the primary axiom of the whole value thesis. The collection, selection, and analytical interpretation of facts are made in this light. (pg 64). Note that intrinsic value is not akin to book value. It is an imprecise measure of what a price will tend towards in the long run given all available facts. This sounds inexact as a concept, and it is. Graham seems more eager to describe what intrinsic value is not, rather than what it is. Intrinsic value essentially cannot be calculated exactly, but rather as a range to which a security is valued fairy, below, or above its relative price.
Obstacles to success include accuracy of facts, uncertainty of future, and irrational behaviour of the market. (pg 68).
“Tardy Adjustment of Price Value” is a real danger in that returns can be wasted in years that they can't compound due to a refusal of price to adjust. (pg 70).
KEY QUOTE: “The market is not a weighing machine, on which the value of each issue is recorded by an exact and impersonal mechanism, in accordance with its specific qualities. Rather should we say that the market is a voting machine, whereon countless individuals register choices which are the product party of reason and party of emotion.” (pg. 70).
Analysis is of more use in situations for investment as compared to speculation. Graham compares this to a gambler who is able to reverse his odds, and win slightly against the house. If he bets it all on one number in roulette, his analysis is of little use despite offering a slight edge, as luck plays the primary role in determining the outcome. (pg 73).
Chapter Analysis and Thoughts
Graham's description and analysis of his gambler analogy is partially correct, but largely not so. He is correct insofar as the gambler endangers his outcome – in reality – to a large increase in variance by placing his bet on one number. However, theoretically there is no real change in the expected value of the bet. The gambler's edge via analysis still provides him profit in the long run. Thus, Graham is wrong that this implies analysis is moot in situations of luck, but rather is proving the need for diversification to reduce variance. If we apply this idea to the junior resource sector, where variance is extreme, we find those who apply value concepts earning above average returns on investment.
The key quote essentially epitomizes the efficient markets argument as compared to Graham's value perspective. However, here he is simply stating his view, not justifying, and indeed it is an idea that must be explored further. It is particularly interesting that Graham himself discarded his own investing philosophy as irrelevant in the face of modern finance. This debate must be explored further, and is likely worthy of its own blog post of research.
The application of the economic concept of “utility” in finance and security analysis might be an interesting development to the field, and the argument listed above. The voting machine's use of non-“rational” information to price can, and almost by necessity does, lead to discrepancies between price and value. For example, investing (or speculating, in the Graham sense) in a company such as Apple because you are a large fan of their products most definitely affects the process of markets in reaching price equilibrium. But where does this utility-based decision fit in to the theoretically efficient markets that are supposedly strictly efficient due to risk-reward? There is no regard for risk-reward, only price and utility. And perhaps it is at least partly in this way that value investors have been able to squeeze out profits above the normal market rate of return.
It is troubling that Graham cannot formulate a more precise definition of intrinsic value, as the concept is so central to his philosophy. Even in the summary provided above, it is primarily my own wording of his elusive discussion on the topic. Hopefully as I advance further in the book, it will become more clear as to exactly what the concept is.
Advertisements
Najam Sethi returns, in the latest twist to the PCB saga © AFP
A day after he was removed as chairman of the PCB, Najam Sethi was reinstated to the post by the Supreme Court of Pakistan. The apex court has struck down all decisions taken on Thursday by the government of Pakistan, which had included removing Sethi as chairman and appointing retired judge Jamshed Ali Shah in his place in an interim role. According to the latest ruling, the PCB will revert to the status quo as of Wednesday. The next hearing is fixed for July 21, 2014.
In the new constitution announced on Thursday, Sethi was one of the men nominated for a position on the new PCB board of governors. He confirmed in a tweet that he had been nominated by the Prime Minister for this board and that he was eligible to contest the elections for the post of chairman. However, during the Supreme Court hearing on Thursday, the judges expressed concern over the presence of Sethi on the governing board and had asked the government to "reconsider" the nomination. On Friday, the government did not reconsider his nomination and hence the court decided to revert to the status quo and reinstate him.
When Shah, a former Supreme Court judge, was named interim chairman on Thursday by the government, he said his basic responsibility was to conduct the elections and implement the new constitution within 30 days. Till Wednesday, Sethi was running the PCB in a provisional capacity with the help of the PCB's five-man management committee, directly appointed by the chief Patron who is the Prime Minister of Pakistan. His major task was to make a new and democratic constitution, which prescribes that the chairman be elected democratically, rather than a direct dictatorial appointment.
Shah was the third person in the last seven months to take over the chairmanship, with Zaka Ashraf in the mix. He was expected to take on the role for a month, but his stint had lasted just a day, following Friday's twist.
Umar Farooq is ESPNcricinfo's Pakistan correspondent. @kalson
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
New Zealand is seeing a proliferation of more sophisticated Tinderbots.
New Zealand is seeing a flood of fake Tinder profiles run by automated "bots".
The bots typically respond "hello" immediately after matching and then invite men to visit their private webcam on another site soon afterwards – with the aim of convincing them to part with money or simply fleecing them of credit card details in a phishing scam.
But one expert says the bots being used in New Zealand are increasing in sophistication and "learning" how to convincingly appear to be real people, fooling Tinder users into talking with them. The longer they keep a user engaged, the more likely they are to con them into handing over money or details.
MATT CRAWFOARD/FAIRFAX NZ Unitec lecturer Bahman Sarrafpour says programmers of Tinder bots are using advances in machine learning to help their bots learn how to better scam people.
Auckland man Bryce Robertson, a 20-year-old Law and Arts student, has used the Tinder service for three years and said "it does seem like there are a lot of bots" in the Auckland area.
READ MORE:
* 2500 Tinder matches in 48 hours
* Tinder is so last year – this is what dating will look like in 2017
* Why Generation Tinder won't go back to dating 'the old-fashioned way'
"Four weeks ago it started to pick up," Robertson said. "It's definitely more of an issue than it was a year ago."
FAIRFAX NZ Mobile dating app Tinder allows people to swipe through profiles of other registered users nearby to find a "match".
Another user, a 31-year-old artist originally from the United States who did not wish to be named, said he thought there were "a lot" in Auckland and estimated that about 20 per cent of his matches were bots.
"I was in Ohio, didn't see any bots. I was on it for a little bit in Los Angeles, don't think I saw any there."
But he found himself hit by bots in Auckland.
He encountered so much matching Tinder bot profiles that he decided to make conversation with them and see how far he could push their programming.
"I've seen a mix of bots. I've seen them without a profile at all, I've seen them with a pretty legitimate-sounding profile with half a paragraph telling you who they are."
Cybersecurity specialist Bahman Sarrafpour​ spent 20 years working in cryptography in Silicon Valley and now lectures at Unitec in Auckland.
He said it did not surprise him that there were a large number of Tinder bots in Auckland.
"They target the areas that people have more interest," Sarrafpour said.
"They pretend to be human, creating profiles, creating Facebook, connecting it to Tinder.
"Tinder [then] does part of the job by connecting them to those people who are like-minded."
Sarrafpour said bots for online scams were now being designed more intelligently using advances in machine learning.
Many learned from the conversations they were having with people – even the unsuccessful ones.
"The programme is kind of self-learning [and] based on interactions with the user they start to collectively add more information to respond in a better way."
One advance Sarrafpour had heard of was a change in the response time of many bots.
Where bots would normally try to redirect dates to another website promising a private webcam almost as soon as a match was made, some of them had now "learned" to wait for a particular period of time before asking.
"[They] try to sign you into some of these other web applications or websites and by doing that they gain some money."
Robertson said the most convincing bot he ever met on the service sent five messages before revealing itself by asking him to visit "her" private link.
Auckland University Students Association president Will Matthews said he hadn't heard anything about a recent increase in tinder bots in Auckland but that 'bots' had been a common feature of several electronic dating sites in the past.
"I remember it happening when everyone was using Chatroulette, then everyone started using Omegle instead," Matthews said.
"Then that one got taken over by bots."
Matthews said Tinder was definitely a popular app amongst students, even sparking several "semi-urban myths" about how overuse of it had caused the internet to crash at several halls of residence when it was first released.
Katrina Ruthven, a 19-year-old student at the University of Auckland, said she had never had any encounters with Tinder bots on the service but she had definitely heard a lot of complaints from men about them.
"I know that like lots of guys, every profile they come across they do select, while I am very careful and hardly ever choose anyone."
A 31-year-old artist and Tinder user agreed that men were more likely to be targeted because of their less selective approach to the service.
"As a male on Tinder I learned very quickly to not waste time reading the profiles because if only one out of every two [women] swipes right [on my profile] I get a match, and I read every single profile I've wasted two hours of my life reading profiles."
Robertson added men would remain targets because "you always get guys who want something too good to be true".
Sarrafpour suggested users could quickly determine if a person was a bot or not by typing in random combinations of letters or looking for glitches such as inconsistent responses to the same question.
"Possibly you can [ask to] meet or something like that."
Game 1
Bans
Crs.eu : Yorick, Malphite, Shen
SK : Karthus, Urgot, Alistar
Picks
Crs.eu : Nunu, Lee Sin, Vayne, Annie, Jax
SK : Ezreal, Maokai, Sona, Cassiopeia, Rumble
Winner:
Game 2
Bans
Crs.eu : Urgot, Malphite, Shen
SK : Karthus, Kayle, Alistar
Picks
Crs.eu : Amumu, Sona, Ezreal, Orianna, Akali
SK : Nunu, Morgana, Yorick, Maokai, Kog'Maw
Winner:
Game 3
Bans
Crs.eu : Yorick, Kog'Maw, Nunu
SK : Karthus, Urgot, Malphite
Picks
Crs.eu : Alistar, Corki, Soraka, Ahri, Shyvana
SK : Janna, Shen, Gragas, Ashe, Irelia
Winner:
vsCurse.Eu Role swaps! A calm first few minutes is interrupted by an amazing play botlane by the Nunu Vayne combo as they get a quick kill on to Sona, and while Ezreal is trying to finish off a sub 10% health Vayne, Nunu blocks Q's with his body and slows Ezreal's attack speed for an early double kill. Later on Lee Sin comes in for a gank on bot, but with good ward coverage SK turns it around for an easy kill and Dragon pick up.With SK feeling pretty confident about their strong early game, Rumble, Maokai and Cassiopeia make an over-aggressive play mid and dive Annie to second turret. Vayne runs up from base and picks up an easy double. Curse keep good pressure on all the lanes and manage to grab a few stray kills, with Vayne starting to look very terrifying.The first big teamfight breaks out with a powerful Tibbers drop, splitting SK hard and everyone except Sona dies, with Curse taking bot inner turret. Vayne has been picking up many of these kills and is getting extremely scary. Curse goes in for a Baron and SK comes in to contest. Annie gets off an amazing Tibbers and with strong positioning Vayne gets a quadrakill. SK decides this is enough and surrenders.Curse.EUThe action begins around the 5 minute mark this game with Maokai coming bot and enabling a kill trade of AD/Support for AD/Support. As the game goes on however it becomes clear that Ezreal is significantly ahead of Kog'Maw, and with some assistance from Orianna Curse's botlane starts to really run away with this lane. Meanwhile SK has been pressuring top and manages to knock down top inner fairly early, with Curse taking their bot inner turret.Around the second Dragon that Curse takes uncontested it's beginning to look like SK is pretty much out of this game. However an overaggressive initiate from Amumu ends in a 2 for 3 kill trade for SK. As everyone respawns Amumu runs to clear bot and SK rushes for Baron, taking it mostly uncontested. After some poking back and forth mid SK manages to take mid inner turret and proceeds to back off, but Curse is not having any of it. Amumu, Sona and Orianna layer their ults perfectly and Curse pushes for mid inhibitor.Curse keeps up the pressure botlane but is getting poked pretty hard, and while Akali is split mid, Amumu initiates in to a 4v5, losing badly and giving SK a free Baron. SK regroups and charges up mid, where outside of mid inhib turret Amumu and Akali dive deep in to SK for Kog'Maw. However the kite and Kog'Maw ghost prove too strong and SK takes mid and top inhibs. The Baron respawns and SK takes it again. They siege up bot and Kog'Maw proves to be too strong, taking the fight, the inhib and the win.SK GamingThe first 15 minutes of this incredibly tense 3rd game for third place are a complete farm-off. A couple of close calls do not result in kills as no one wants to make any mistakes and lose this game for their team. However around the 15 minute mark Irelia manages to dive Shyvana for a kill. Meanwhile the rest of both teams have been pressuring Dragon back and forth. Curse manages to poke out some key SK players and secures it.Corki gets caught split-pushing top alone and is picked off. Meanwhile mid, Gragas gets engaged on, but manages to survive long enough and pulls curse towards his team for a kill on Ahri. This is all SK needs and they press for the Baron. Curse has to contest but it is 4v5 and they lose Shyvana, Corki, Alistar and the Baron to SK.Both teams regroup and after a huge amount of pressure from SK on all the lanes for a solid 6 minutes, they make to leave without taking any base turrets. Alistar seizes this opportunity to engage in to them but misjudges where his team is, getting himself and Ahri killed and losing mid inhibitor. Curse counter-attacks when everyone has respawned and manages to ace SK, leaving only Ahri and a >5% health Alistar up. Curse rushes for Baron but they are doing it extremely slowly. A superb Ashe arrow stuns Ahri and slows Corki which allows SK to rush in to the Baron pit for an easy ace, the baron steal and the big W.SK Gaming
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool new boy Marko Grujic has revealed he has received 'more offers from girls' since he signed for the Reds.
The Serbian midfielder moved to Anfield for £5.1million in January from Red Star Belgrade after impressing in his domestic competition.
He was immediately loaned back to his former club, but it hasn't stopped the 19-year-old becoming a big hit with the ladies.
"I receive more offers from girls than before," he said at a store opening event in the Serbian capital.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
However - fear not ladies of Merseyside - his head hasn't been turned... yet.
"There are no serious offers though... I'm still single," he added.
Grujic has played 31 times for Red Star since breaking into the first team, scoring five goals.
The World Superbike Championship will not return to Sepang in Malaysia next season.
The circuit has hosted WorldSBK for the past three years, but crowd numbers have remained disappointing low and Sepang has reluctantly decided to focus on its F1 and MotoGP events.
"With SIC's contract to host the WorldSBK ending this year, we decided not to continue hosting this event in Sepang," said SIC Chief Executive Officer Dato' Razlan Razali. "Due to the current financial climate and SIC's financial commitments to improve our existing facilities as well as build new ones, it is the most prudent decision at this point.
"As we are looking to avoid financial risks at the moment, we feel it is best to reserve resources for our two biggest international events - the Formula 1 Petronas Malaysia Grand Prix and the Shell Malaysia Motorcycle Grand Prix. Nevertheless, we may consider hosting WorldSBK again in the future when the financial climate improves and if our market insights indicate great interest and demand to bring it back."
Home star Zulfahmi Khairuddin took a podium finish in front of his home fans in World Supersport this season, a result Dato' Razlan now describes as 'bittersweet'.
"The excitement generated by Fahmi's participation and great performance has been very good for the event," he said. "It is also bittersweet for us as it caps a memorable three years for us on a high.
"Hosting the WorldSBK has been meaningful to the SIC team and we will miss organising the event. However, when we look at all the factors as a whole, the decision not to continue hosting the WorldSBK in Sepang is the best one at the moment.
"We hope the future will offer other opportunities to bring WorldSBK back to Malaysia. Nevertheless, we will continue to support Fahmi's career through to 2017, inside the Supersport World Championship in all the ways we can."
Sepang is the only circuit currently hosting F1, MotoGP and WorldSBK events.
As Congressional Republicans work hard to cut corporate taxes in order to boost economic growth (which is "totally not a huge giveaway to the wealthy elite and ownership class at the expense of the working class" wink, wink), a new poll came out concerning who still believes in trickle-down economics.
Conservative economists have long argued that cutting taxes on businesses would lead to faster economic growth. In recent weeks, however, backers of the Republican plan have emphasized a related claim: If companies paid less in taxes, they would pay their workers more.
The White House Council of Economic Advisers, for example, released a report last month that estimated that the proposed corporate tax cut would increase a typical household's income between $3,000 and $7,000 a year — a claim many independent economists have dismissed as unrealistic.
The public appears to have similar doubts, and its skepticism stretches across the political spectrum.
After three decades of broken promises of money trickling down, it's not a surprise that most people have stopped falling for it.
What is a surprise is who else no longer believes it - CEOs.
VIDEO: CEOs asked if they plan to increase their company's capital investments if the GOP's tax bill passes.
A few hands go up.
"Why aren't the other hands up?" Gary Cohn asks.#WSJCEOCouncil pic.twitter.com/TD2oAlN27S — Natalie Andrews (@nataliewsj) November 14, 2017
Corporate executives are flat out saying that a cut in their taxes isn't going to make them invest more in their companies (which would translate into jobs and wages).
Where would that money go? Stock buybacks.
While economists, politicians and media pundits try to tell us how great the labor market is, workers are telling a very different story.
In fact, studies say that workers aren't getting any raises at all.
Over the past 12 months, 52% of American employees did not see their wage increase either through a pay raise or by getting a new job. For workers ages 53 and older, the percentage was even higher (64%), compared to 47% of younger people in the labor force, the study by Bankrate.com said.
Today's numbers show that this trend is not getting any better.
Last week, Samsung announced the winners of its Smart App Challenge for 2012  a contest designed to provide "support for the development of innovative apps."In the games category, Asian developer Feelingtouch was awarded the grand prize of $200,000 for its on-rails shooter Gun & Blood.However, Czech outfit Craneballs has since contacted PocketGamer.biz to say that Gun & Blood isn't so innovative after all. In fact, the studio alleges that Gun & Blood is a "direct rip-off" of Craneballs' own on-rails shooter, Overkill."Someone here at Craneballs accidentally discovered Gun & Blood on Google Play and we immediately recognised Overkill in it," explained Craneballs marketing manager Daniel Maslovsky."At that time we took it as a good joke, to see our game was so good it was worth stealing."But you can imagine how that changed now, seeing the title winning a prize for innovative app, instead of being buried somewhere deep and dark."Craneball released an image comparing the two games Maslovsky alleges that, not only does the game take inspiration from Overkill, but it's in fact a "direct rip-off.""They've stolen the whole game design, design of individual menus, everything. In the first version they even copied our in-game text word for word," he continued."And this is not even the first time Feelingtouch has done this. Cut the Rope had a similar clone , but it has been taken off."PocketGamer.biz contacted Feelingtouch for its take on the allegations. The firm's defense focuses on the idea that there's simply no motivation for it to copy Craneballs' title."We own 100 percent copyright of Gun & Blood. You can check the link in Google Play for Gun & Blood and Overkill," Feelingtouch said in a statement."We have more downloads, better rank and more reviews. Why we need to copy them?"Feelingtouch's Gun & BloodIndeed, according to its Google Play Store page, Gun & Blood has accrued between 5 and 10 million downloads since its launch in March.Overkill, meanwhile, has been installed between 1 and 5 million times since it hit the Google Play Store in January 2012.Feelingtouch's statement seems to suggest Craneballs reported its clone claims to Google "months ago", yet the game remains on Google Play, suggesting Google "does not think it's a 'copy'."Samsung's position on the issue, however, is unclear.It's worth noting that, although Samsung billed its Smart App Challenge as a contest for "innovative apps," only one category in the competition was evaluated by a judging panel.Craneballs' OverkillThe winners of all the other categories  including the games category  were chosen purely on the basis of their popularity within the Samsung Apps marketplace, with Gun & Blood's download tally meaning it came out on top in the grand prize category.However, the App Challenge's full terms and conditions state that "all participants warrant that their entries are original and that they are the sole and exclusive owner and rights holder of the submitted entries and all included content".The competitions condition also state that "no third parties will make any challenges or claims as to ownership or fraud, and that they have the right to submit the entries in the Challenge and grant all required licenses."In response to our story, a Samsung representative declared Gun & Blood the "most popular application among users" in the grand prize category.However, said representative did admit that the company is currently "having a internal discussion regarding the Overkill and Gun And Blood copyright issues."
Image caption Conservationists fear that recent planning reforms in England is leading to increasing urban sprawl and making it easier to build in the green belt
The number of houses planned for green belt land has nearly doubled over the past year, according to research by the Campaign to Protect Rural England.
It said some 150,000 homes are being proposed for the areas - open spaces protected from development - compared with 81,000 homes planned in 2012.
Recent reforms have made it harder for councils to reject development plans.
The CPRE said the green belt was under threat but housing minister Mark Prisk said protection was being maintained.
He said the green belt "provides a valuable role in protecting against urban sprawl and providing a green lung around our towns and cities".
The green belt is intended to provide countryside access for urban dwellers and ensure conservation of nature, as well as maintaining agriculture and forestry.
England has 14 green belts, making up 13% of total land.
Planning laws in England were changed last year with the aim of speeding up decisions and boosting house building.
Under the National Planning Policy Framework, local authorities are required to work out future housing needs in their area, and allocate sufficient land to meet it, with the "presumption in favour of sustainable development."
Hard decisions are needed to help ensure both urban regeneration and protection of the green belt Paul Miner, CPRE
But this has caused a row with conservationists who have argued that it is more difficult to oppose development.
The government has consistently said the green belt would be protected under the reforms and rules around building on such land would be strengthened.
However, the CPRE said its research raised serious concerns about whether ministers were keeping their promises to safeguard the green belt.
Spokesman Paul Miner said: "The extent to which the threat is growing - nearly doubling in a year - is deeply worrying.
"It should not be necessary to build on green belt land when there is enough brownfield land available for a million and a half new homes.
"Ministers now need to go further. Hard decisions are needed to help ensure both urban regeneration and protection of the green belt'."
The housing minister said the coalition government had "increased green belt protections" by reversing decisions taken by the previous Labour government.
"We have also made it clear that the green belt is an inappropriate place for traveller sites and waste facilities, which will prevent speculative applications," said Mr Prisk.
"In addition the government is also selling off surplus public sector brownfield land and has extended permitted development rights on developed brownfield sites to help bring thousands of empty and underused buildings back into use," he added.
In recent months Labour has said it would reverse some of the coalition's planning changes in England.
Share
Silent Circle, the company best known for the secure Blackphone smartphone series, just removed its warrant canary — but the company says it was a business decision, and not because it has been served with a national security letter or warrant.
Most national security letters or surveillance warrants issued by the federal government come with a gag order that says the recipient cannot disclose the contents of the letter or its existence. A warrant canary is a popular method of getting around that: A company posts a message alerting its users that it has not received any warrants from the government — but if the message is removed or has not been updated, that means user data has been compromised and the company has a gag order placed on it.
Warrant canaries have been a popular tool used by many companies ever since the National Security Agency leaks by Edward Snowden in 2013. So naturally, when someone tipped off TechCrunch that Silent Circle quietly removed its warrant canary, it could be assumed that the company had received a national security letter or a warrant requesting user data from the government. Nope, the company says it is a “business decision.”
“We have not received a warrant for user data,” Silent Circle's General Counsel Matt Neiderman told TechCrunch. “As part of our focus on delivering enterprise software platform, we discontinued our warrant canary some time ago. The decision was a business decision and not related to any warrant for user data, which we have not received.”
It's not the first time the company has said it hasn't received a request for user data — last year, Silent Circle said it forgot to add in a statement that it did not receive a national security letter or warrant in its warrant canary, but the company said it was simply an error and updated the canary to include it.
We have reached out to Silent Circle to see if they have received any type of warrant, and to get some additional comment on the situation. In this day and age where attacks on privacy get the spotlight, a warrant canary is a company's way of communicating with its users. An encrypted communications firm removing its canary as a “business decision” is certainly strange, and we will update this post if we glean any new information.
The behavior of light known as lasing is the result of quantum coherent behavior at a macroscale - it involves an astoundingly large assembly of photons all oscillating in phase, at a uniform wavelength. With the advent of lasers – which was made possible by the theoretical work of Albert Einstein in his elucidation of the photoelectric effect – the technique of holography was soon to be developed.
A hologram is a two-dimensional image which stores information about all three dimensions of the object it represents. The two images here are photographs of a single hologram taken from different angles.
By: William Brown
Read more: http://www.nature.com/news/simulations-back-up-theory-that-universe-is-a-hologram-1.14328 http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.5607v1.pdf
If you suspect your partner is cheating and you decide to snoop through his or her things, you're never quite sure what you're going to find. Evidence of an affair? Evidence of something bad that's NOT an affair? Evidence of nothing? How about evidence of something so horrific you immediately dial 911? That's apparently what happened to the boyfriend of 32-year-old Tanai Fortman. Thinking she was cheating on him, her boyfriend snooped through her cellphone and iPad, only to get the shock of his life when he reportedly found sexually explicit videos of his girlfriend -- and a child!
Fortman has been arrested for "illegal use of a minor in nudity-oriented material" -- which sounds like a fancy way of saying child molestation. And it all happened because her "friend" -- who says they were getting very close before he decided to snoop -- found several 30-second-long videos of Fortman and an unidentified child under the age of 5 in explicit situations.
Says the man:
I can't even describe how it all feels. We were close, we were getting very, very close when all this happened. Turned out she had several videos that she was sending to who knows. I was actually completely enraged. I mean it just made me sick to my stomach. I saw red.
He says he had no doubts about calling police and that's exactly what he did. I can only imagine the sickening feeling in his gut. Can you imagine?! Here you are getting to know someone, someone you think might be The One -- or at the very least be normal -- and instead you find out that person is perpetrating such horrific stuff? It's enough to make you never want to trust anyone again.
I am on the fence about snooping. I think that if you suspect someone of something, it's always best to confront that person and ask questions. If you feel the person isn't being honest or dodging, it's probably better to get out rather than suffer years of being on edge and wondering and not trusting.
But in this case, thank god this man snooped!
Have you ever spied on someone and found something horrible?
Image via Fox 45
Things took a turn for Seton Hall in the offseason when Isaiah Whitehead, the team's leader and go-to scorer, opted to remain in the NBA Draft. Over the course of his two-year stint as a Pirate, the 6'4″ guard transformed from a ball-dominant, somewhat careless passer into one of the nation's best combo guards. His 33.0 percent assist rate ranked 44th nationally and his savvy ability to get into the lane warped opposing defenses, summoning all help attention his way. In the wake of his departure, the prevailing concern is whether Kevin Willard‘s team can recoup its losses and turn in another Top 25 season. That sentiment is valid, but dropping the Pirates to a middle-of-the-pack conference contender and fringe NCAA Tournament team is overkill. There are a number of reasons why.
1. The team's stout interior defense will be largely unchanged from last season as forwards Angel Delgado, Ismael Sanogo and Desi Rodriguez all return. It was easy to appreciate the Pirates' offensive prowess when Whitehead was improvising and making unfathomable plays — even if the Seton Hall offense was remarkably average from a metrics standpoint. The real backbone of the team, however, was its defense — the 10th-most efficient unit in the country and one of the very best at altering opponents' shots.
2. Junior forward Delgado is poised for a breakout campaign. While Whitehead was the key cog in last season's offense, Delgado's role was also substantial. Not only was he the Pirates' best rebounder and interior defender, but the Seton Hall offense took a remarkable hit when he wasn't on the floor (a difference of 0.15 points per possession).
To compensate for It's poor outside shooting, Seton Hall generated numerous second chance scoring opportunities from offensive rebounds. Delgado and fellow stretch forward Sanogo were two of the conference's best at that particular skill, helping the Pirates recover 37.1 percent of its misses (37th nationally). This portion of the offense will remain intact. Without Whitehead, Delgado's usage rate will climb and it would be wise for Willard to feature his ultra-efficient forward on the offensive end.
Over the course of his two years in college, Delgado has figured out where his advantage lies and rarely deviates from it: 63 percent of his shots last season came at the rim, and he converted those attempts at a 66 percent clip. Whitehead's ability to drive into the lane was a major component of his scoring opportunities, but there are plenty of other ways to involve him in the offense. A Delgado/Khadeen Carrington pick-and-roll would allow the big man to use his size to seal smaller defenders in the post while the guard's speed attracts defensive attention. Another conceivable scenario is one in which the offense runs through Delgado in the post, similar in fashion to how Villanova used Daniel Ochefu last season. Low-post scoring threats with exceptional court awareness are hard to come by in college basketball.
3. As the newly-crowned point guard, Carrington is an underrated asset who has demonstrated good decision-making with the ball in his hands. The numbers won't necessarily bear this out because Whitehead almost always initiated the offense, but Carrington flashed good passing and scoring abilities as an off-ball initiator.
It would be bold to think that Carrington will have the Seton Hall offense running as efficiently as Whitehead, but the transition should be relatively smooth since he already has two years of experience in Willard's system. Nevertheless, his ability to make plays will be the biggest x-factor for this year's team.
4. Incoming recruits Myles Powell and Eron Gordon will bolster the biggest hole in Seton Hall's offense: outside shooting (34.7%). Last year's backcourt thrived mostly by using its athleticism to blow by slower defenders, but when faced with big, low-post defenders that clogged the paint, the offense came to a screeching halt. The NCAA Tournament First Round loss to Gonzaga underlined this weakness (4-of-21 3FG) as there simply weren't enough good shooters on the roster to stretch the floor. That should change with Powell and Gordon entering the mix as projected knock-down shooters. Adding them alongside Carrington will diversify the collective skill set of the backcourt and reduce the team's over-reliance on dribble penetration and offensive rebounds. The offense should therefore see a boost in efficiency from having multiple shooting threats on the floor and giving Delgado some room to work in the post.
While NBA-caliber talent is often difficult to replace, Seton Hall is still in a good position to build on last season's success. Willard isn't facing a rebuilding in Newark; it's a repositioning of the spotlight.
Justin Kundrat ( 157 Posts Villanova grad, patiently waiting another 10 years for season tickets. Follow Justin on Twitter @JustinKundrat or email him at justin.kundrat@gmail.com
Share this story
A small radio's lights flicker on and a sound sputters from its dusty speakers… a guitar, plucked slowly.
And a voice.
I don't want to set the woooorld ooonnn fireeeeee…. I just want to staaaaart… a flame in your heaaart.
The radio sounds tinny in the travel bus, like a relic trying to speak through time. The small bobbly hula girl is still… and has been for many years, never shifting on the bus' dashboard. Her unblinking eyes covered in a film of dust, her undaunted smile beaming from underneath the grey.
In my heart I have but onnnnne deeeeesireeeeeee…. And that one is yoouuuuu…. No other will dooooo.
The voice, brave and sad, serenades the hula girl and echoes out into the world around the bus… the bus which stands atop a pile of concrete rubble… the bus whose back half has been torn away, exposing the unafraid hula girl to a graveyard, whose tombstones are immense skyscrapers, their windows broken and their doors unhinged. They rise from the grey boulders that cover what were once streets and footpaths like teeth from a decayed mouth, jutting out at odd angles, some a mere shift in weight away from total collapse, their iron beams groaning in the wind.
I've lost all ambition, all worldly acclaim. I just want to be the one you love.
And with your admission, that you feel the same,
I'll have reached the goal I'm dreaming of, believe me
But still the voice serenades the hula girl and still she smiles, both of them unaware of the dim explosions in the air and gun shots which ring out occasionally… or the occasional scream.
However the voice does not get far from the bus before the wind whips it away down the street, twisting its musical notes into the moans of forgotten ghosts tumbling down the streets like spectral tumbleweeds.
I don't want to…
One figure watches the bus, the hula girl, the radio… a faceless figure clad in grey and dented armour, wearing a mask with large eyes and a vent for a mouth. A figure clutching a weapon with both its metal clad hands, wary of the dangers present in the ruined capital city.
Washington DC is not what it was 200 years ago.
War ravaged it… and ravages it still.
Because war… war never changes.
Here we have a collection of soul magazine covers, mainly culled from Soul Portraits collection on Flickr. There are foreign ones, amateur ones, new-ish ones, cutting edge ones, and 60's/Northern inspired ones. Whatever your favourite soul period/vibe is, you should find something of interest here.
The fanzine is represented too, amateur magazines done by fans, hence the name. The fanzine has been the lifeblood of many a music/fashion scene, most notably the mod scene during the 80's, and there are still a few around now. Hunt them down and check them out if you can, but for now, enjoy the pictures.
9 Tumblr 0 Pinterest 2 Google+ 0 Reddit 3 StumbleUpon 0 email
Comments
comments
Related Posts
« Hanging Out with Diana Ross Herb Lubalin – Typographer Extraordinaire »
Tom Fitton Proven Right *Again* After Sessions DOJ Refuses to Reveal Details on “King” Mueller's Ethics Waiver
Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton blasted “King” Robert Mueller following reports of the Sessions Justice Department refusing to reveal details on the special counsel's ethics waiver. Approval of the waiver paved the way for Mueller to lead the ‘Russia interference' investigation.
POLITICO reports:
In response to a POLITICO Freedom of Information Act request, the agency released a one-sentence memo Friday confirming that Mueller was granted a conflict-of-interest waiver in order to assume the politically-sensitive post. The waiver is believed to relate to Mueller's work in recent years as a partner at the WilmerHale law firm, which also represented former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, as well as White House adviser Jared Kushner, who is also President Donald Trump's son-in-law. However, the document signed by Justice's top career official, Associate Deputy Attorney General Scott Schools, provides no detail at all of the grounds for the waiver. In fact, it's so vague that it doesn't even convey why anyone would think Mueller needed such a release.
Kathleen Clark, a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis told POLITICO, “I think it's strange they're not providing the reasoning,”
“I don't understand why they wouldn't share it, especially given the current sensitivity of the issue and the way members of Congress are politically trying to undermine this investigation … Since the whole point of this regulation is to ensure public confidence in Mueller's impartiality, the Justice Department's refusal to provide its reason — I'm not saying they can't do it legally — but it seems inconsistent with the purpose of the regulation,” added Clark.
“King Mueller once again protected by DOJ on ethics issues,” tweeted Fitton.
King Mueller once again protected by DOJ on ethics issues. https://t.co/MEzkdkapIN — Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) December 12, 2017
Fitton has accused the Sessions Justice Department of protecting swamp creatures of all stripes. In September, the Judicial Watch boss released a powerful statement following reports that Lois Lerner would not be charged in the IRS scandal.
“I have zero confidence that the Justice Department did an adequate review of the IRS scandal. In fact, we're still fighting the Justice Department and the IRS for records about this very scandal. Today's decision comes as no surprise considering that the FBI collaborated with the IRS and is unlikely to investigate or prosecute itself. President Trump should order a complete review of the whole issue. Meanwhile, we await accountability for IRS Commissioner Koskinen, who still serves and should be drummed out of office,” said Fitton.
When Sessions not only acknowledged his predecessor Loretta Lynch used an email alias, but defended the practice in November, Fitton threatened to “follow up as appropriate in our litigation.”
.@JudicialWatch will follow up as appropriate in our litigation on alleged Loretta Lynch email alias. — Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) August 8, 2017
Time and time again, Fitton has been proven right.
The time has come to hold the Sessions Justice Department accountable.
This is the third in a series of weekly blog posts that will cover conservation topics with a focus on protected areas and the laws and institutions that support them (or don't).
Today is World Environment Day – a day designated by the United Nations Environment Program which aims to promote dialogue on environmental issues at an international scale. I'd like to take this opportunity to “speak for the trees” – just like the Lorax would do. Here, I'll highlight some of the benefits of forests, ways that we have tried to protect them, and one way that they have been compromised by policy changes.
Why should we care about trees? Here are just a few reasons.
1. Trees store carbon and pull carbon dioxide, a harmful greenhouse gas, out of the atmosphere every day. The natural biological processes that trees undergo – the storage of carbon in their cells and photosynthesis – help combat climate change.
2. Trees and forests provide essential habitat for the world's biodiversity. Tropical forests, in particular, harbor a richness of biodiversity around the world in biodiversity hotspots. The Indo-Pacific region and portions of East Africa and Madagascar are examples of biodiverse tropical forests upon which many species and people depend.
3. Urban trees help regulate local air quality, provide shade, and regulate the urban heat island effect. Cities can get extremely hot, especially during afternoons in the summer. Built infrastructure and paved surfaces like sidewalks, streets, and parking lots tend to be much hotter than naturally vegetated areas. The presence of trees and other vegetation in urban areas can help reduce the urban heat island effect and cool things down.
What policies are in place to protect forests?
Forest policies can be roughly divided into two categories: reactive and preventative. Reactive forest policies or projects aim to restore degraded or deforested forest areas. For example, the World Resources Institute, the Nature Conservancy, and the US Forest Service all work to restore and track growth of forested areas. Restoration helps improve forested areas that have been lost to fire, have been cleared for agriculture, or whose ecosystems have been affected by habitat fragmentation or climate change. On the other hand, preventative policies to protect forests including the establishment of national and private protected areas, indigenous reserves, and payments for ecosystem services programs such as REDD+ (reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation). In all of these schemes, native forests are meant to be left untouched and continue to sequester carbon as they would naturally.
Despite the good intentions of these policies, protected areas which aim to prevent forest loss are not universally permanent. Recent research in Peru, Malaysia, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo has identified widespread protected area downgrading, downsizing, and degazettement (PADDD) in these tropical forest nations. One hundred and seventy four enacted and eight proposed events in these three nations alone have been documented to date. For example, in Peru, PADDD has occurred in at least 14 different national parks (WWF 2015) and affected a striking 22% of its protected area estate (Forrest et al. 2014).
Critics may wonder – does remove pieces of land from protection actually matter? Yes – PADDD matters for forests and the carbon that they are meant to store. Forrest et al. found that areas that were removed from protection (either downsized or degazetted) were deforested at rates greatly exceeding deforestation rates in protected areas. This should come as no surprise. However, the study also found that deforestation in PADDDed locations was higher than in areas that had never been protected. This suggests that forests may have been cleared soon after laws were passed to open the forests to logging; PADDD enabled accelerated deforestation. In addition, PADDD was found to be a significant predictor of deforestation in a regression model, even when controlling for access to the forest. Access was controlled for because it has been shown to correlate with higher deforestation rates; forests nearer to roads and the forest edge are more likely to be deforested. The Forrest et al. study is the first of its kind to demonstrate that PADDD has real consequences – for forests, biodiversity, and the global climate.
On this World Environment Day, think about the trees and the benefits they provide. Although there are many well intentioned and effective policies in place to safeguard forests and encourage their restoration, we should be aware that protected area policies can be impermanent and that legal changes to protected areas matter – for the trees.
References:
Forrest, Jessica L., Michael B. Mascia, Sharon Pailler, Siti Zuraidah Abidin, Mara Deza Araujo, Roopa Krithivasan, and Juan Carlos Riveros. “Tropical Deforestation and Carbon Emissions from Protected Area Downgrading, Downsizing, and Degazettement (PADDD).” Conservation Letters, September 1, 2014, n/a – n/a. doi:10.1111/conl.12144.
World Wildlife Fund. 2015. PADDDtracker: Tracking Protected Area Downgrading, Downsizing, and Degazettement [Beta version]. Accessed 04-06-2015. www.PADDDtracker.org.
Gilles Duceppe ( French pronunciation: ​ [ʒil dysɛp]; born July 22, 1947) is a Canadian politician, proponent of the Québec sovereignty movement and former leader of the Bloc Québécois. He was a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons of Canada for over 20 years and has been the leader of the sovereigntist Bloc Québécois for 15 years in three stints: 1996, 1997-2011 and in 2015. He is the son of a well-known Quebec actor, Jean Duceppe. He was Leader of the Official Opposition in the Parliament of Canada from March 17, 1997, to June 1, 1997. He resigned as party leader after the 2011 election, in which he lost his own seat to New Democratic Party (NDP) candidate Hélène Laverdière and his party suffered a heavy defeat; however, he returned four years later to lead the party into the 2015 election.[1][2] After being defeated in his own riding by Laverdière again, he resigned once more.[3]
Early life [ edit ]
Duceppe was born in Montreal, Quebec, the son of Hélène (née Rowley) and actor Jean Duceppe. His maternal grandfather was John James Rowley, a Briton by birth and a home child. Duceppe often quips of his British roots, once saying "I'm a bloke who turned Bloc."[4]
Duceppe has told the story of an Anglophone Grade 6 teacher slapping him after he complained about preferential treatment being given to anglophone students.[5] Duceppe claimed he slapped the teacher back. He became a sovereigntist by the age of 20, inspired by René Lévesque and the founding of the Mouvement Souveraineté-Association.[6]
Duceppe completed his high school studies at the Collège Mont-Saint-Louis. Duceppe then studied political science at the Université de Montréal but did not complete his program of study. While attending the Université de Montréal, he became general manager of the school's newspaper, Quartier Latin. In his youth, he advocated communism, and held membership in the Workers' Communist Party of Canada (WCP), a Maoist group. Duceppe later claimed that his three-year membership in the WCP was a mistake brought on by a search for absolute answers.[6][7]
However, during this period (which lasted well into his thirties) he subscribed to militant Maoist ideology and was fired from his job as a hospital orderly for belligerent activities.[8][7] Duceppe even went so far as to intentionally spoil his 1980 sovereignty-association referendum ballot arguing that Québécois should instead focus their efforts on staying united to fight capitalism.[7]
Before becoming a member of Parliament, Duceppe worked as a hospital orderly and later became a trade union negotiator. In 1968 he became vice-president of the Union générale des étudiants du Québec (General Union of Quebec Students) and in 1970 manager of the Université de Montréal student paper, Quartier latin. In 1972 he launched his career in community and union settings, as moderator for the citizen's committee of Hochelaga-Maisonneuve, then in 1977 as a representative for the Royal Victoria Hospital employees. In 1981 he became a union organizer for the Confédération des syndicats nationaux (Confederation of National Trade Unions), where he became a negotiator in 1986.[7]
Election to Parliament [ edit ]
In 1990, Duceppe was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in a by-election for the eastern Montreal riding of Laurier—Sainte-Marie. He defeated Liberal Denis Coderre, who would later serve alongside Duceppe in Parliament before becoming Mayor of Montreal. Duceppe would be handily re-elected at each election from 1993 to 2008.
Duceppe originally sat as an independent because the Bloc had not been registered by Elections Canada as a political party. All of the Bloc's other Members of Parliament had crossed the floor from either the Progressive Conservative Party or the Liberal Party earlier that year. Duceppe's victory demonstrated — for the first time — that the party had electoral support in Quebec and could win elections. Previously, many pundits (and members of other parties) predicted that the Bloc would not gain traction with ordinary voters in Quebec.[9]
Leadership of the Bloc Québécois [ edit ]
Gilles Duceppe during a 2007 protest.
In 1996, when Lucien Bouchard stepped down as Bloc leader to become leader of the Parti Québécois, Duceppe served as interim leader of the party. Michel Gauthier eventually became the official leader later that year. However, Gauthier's lack of visibility in both Quebec and English Canada coupled with his weak leadership resulted in the party forcing him out in 1997. Duceppe won the ensuing leadership contest and became the official leader of the Bloc Québécois and Leader of the Opposition.[7]
In the 1997 general election, the Bloc lost official opposition status, slipping to third place in the House of Commons behind Preston Manning's Reform Party. During the campaign, Duceppe visited a cheese factory where he was photographed wearing a hairnet resembling a shower cap, which was widely parodied on Canadian television.[7][10]
The Bloc lost more support during the 2000 election, winning just 38 seats. Over this period, critics derided Duceppe as an ineffectual campaigner, though no serious challenge to his leadership emerged.[7]
When Jean Chrétien stepped down as Prime Minister, to be succeeded by Paul Martin, the Bloc's fortunes improved markedly, particularly after the sponsorship scandal erupted. Duceppe strongly criticized the Liberals over the misuse and misdirection of public funds intended for government advertising in Quebec. During the election's national debates, Duceppe's lucid explanations of Bloc Québécois policies and his chastising of the other national party leaders' promises, resulted in both the French and English media ruling him the best speaker. In the 2004 election, Duceppe's Bloc won 54 seats in the Commons, nearly equaling what it had won in its 1993 breakthrough, while Martin's Liberals were reduced to a minority government.
With Chrétien's departure, Duceppe became the longest-serving leader of a major party in Canada. With the recent success of the Bloc, and his recently well-received performance as leader, speculation mounted that Duceppe might seek the leadership of the Parti Québécois – particularly when Bernard Landry stepped down as party leader on June 4, 2005. On June 13, 2005, Duceppe announced that he would not run for the leadership of the PQ.[11]
Ducceppe's Bloc, along with the Stephen Harper's Conservatives and Jack Layton's NDP, worked together on November 28, 2005 to pass a motion of no confidence in the minority Liberal government of Prime Minister Paul Martin after findings in the Sponsorship Scandal. In the resultant 2006 federal election, many Bloc insiders believed that Duceppe's popularity, combined with the unpopularity of the federal Liberal Party in Quebec, would push the Bloc Québécois over the symbolic majority vote mark among Quebec voters. Many Quebec separatists felt that a strong performance by the Bloc in the 2006 federal election would boost the sovereignty movement and perhaps set the stage for a new referendum on secession after the anticipated Quebec provincial election expected in 2007. In actuality, a late surge in Conservative and federalist support kept the Bloc's share of the popular vote below 43% giving the Bloc only 51 seats.[12] The Conservatives' gains in Quebec, as well as Ontario, gave the party enough seats to form a minority government with Harper as prime minister, replacing the Liberals' Paul Martin. The unimpressive and lackluster results on election night called into question the level of separatist support in Quebec.
In the March 26, 2007 Quebec provincial election, the Parti Québécois found itself reduced to third place in the National Assembly of Quebec, behind both the governing Quebec Liberal Party and the opposition Action démocratique du Québec. Following this disappointing result, the PQ leader, André Boisclair, announced his resignation on May 8, 2007. Duceppe confirmed on May 11, 2007, that he would seek the PQ leadership[13] but the next day he withdrew from the race.[14] After his withdrawal, Duceppe announced that he would support two-time leadership hopeful Pauline Marois.[15]
In the 2008 federal election, Duceppe led the Bloc Québécois to 49 seats, up one from its pre-dissolution standing of 48.[16] However, the Bloc's share of the popular vote fell again, to 38%, its lowest result since 1997. After the election, Liberals and NDP reached a deal form a minority coalition government with support from the Bloc Québécois, which would have toppled the minority Conservative government, however the Governor General agreed to prorogue parliament before the vote could take place. After prorogation, the Liberals underwent a change in leadership and distanced themselves from the coalition agreement and supported the Conservatives' budget. However Duceppe's Bloc and Jack Layton's NDP remained committed to voting against the Conservatives.
In 2011, the Bloc cooperated with the Liberals and NDP to find the Conservative government in Contempt of Parliament, after all three opposition parties indicated that they would not accept the Conservatives' budget, leading Prime Minister Harper to request the dissolution of parliament. The Bloc demanded $5 billion for the province, including compensation for damages from the January 1998 North American ice storm and $175 million towards a new hockey arena to bring back the Quebec Nordiques, which the Conservatives dismissed outright.[17][18][19] In the resultant 2011 federal election, the Bloc suffered a massive 43-seat loss—including many seats they'd held since their 1993 breakthrough—cutting them down to a rump of four seats. Much of that support bled to the NDP who ascended from fourth place to second place to become the Official Opposition, largely by winning 58 seats in Quebec which included a sweep of the Bloc's heartlands in Quebec City and eastern Montreal. The NDP, which entered the election with only one seat in the province - Tom Mulcair - had surged in the last weeks of the campaign at the expense of the Bloc due to NDP leader Jack Layton's charismatic personality and leftist nationalism policies, while Bloc "over the years defend[ed] Quebec's interests, but the sovereigntist agenda is no longer very relevant".[20] Duceppe lost his own seat to NDP challenger Hélène Laverdière by 5,400 votes. Accepting responsibility for the Bloc's crushing defeat, Duceppe announced his pending resignation as Bloc leader soon after the result was beyond doubt. He remained defiant, however, vowing not to rest "until Quebec becomes a country".[21]
Spending allegations [ edit ]
In January 2012, Duceppe was accused of having used funds designated for his parliamentary office to pay the Bloc Québécois' general manager over a seven-year period. Duceppe denied any wrongdoing when testifying before the House of Commons Board of Internal Economy in February.[22] In November 2012, the House of Commons Board of Internal Economy found that Duceppe misused funds. However, the board cannot take disciplinary action as the money was spent before the by-laws around the issue were changed.[23]
Retirement and brief return to politics [ edit ]
Duceppe has worked as a political analyst since his departure from parliament. In 2014, he denounced comments made by newly elected Bloc leader Mario Beaulieu in which he seemingly dismissed the Bloc under Duceppe as having followed a gradualist strategy for achieving sovereignty which Beaulieu characterised as defeatist and for invoking the phrase "nous vaincrons" (we will vanquish), which was a slogan employed by the paramilitary Front de libération du Québec.[24]
After two years of further decline in the polls and internal divisions, it was announced June 10, 2015 that Duceppe would be returning to lead the Bloc into the campaign while his successor, Mario Beaulieu would relinquish the leadership but remain party president.[25][26] The party executive agreed on June 9, 2015, to split the positions of president and party leader in order to facilitate Duceppe's return. The changes were ratified by the party's general council[27] on July 1.[28][29]
On August 1, 2015, it was reported that Duceppe had decided to contest his former riding of Laurier-Sainte-Marie in the upcoming federal election and that he would announce this in a press conference shortly after the election was called, which occurred on August 2.[30] However, while leading his party to a win of 10 seats in the October 19, 2015 election, up from two, Duceppe was personally defeated in his riding and announced his resignation as leader several days later.[31]
Electoral record [ edit ]
One of the most interesting attendees at Consensus 2016 was African Internet pioneer Nii Quaynor, who is actively building the blockchain community in Ghana. In this exclusive discussion, Quaynor explains why he has high hopes for blockchain in Ghana, and how he intends to overcome the obstacles in his path.
When Nii Quaynor learned about Bitcoin, he immediately saw its potential in Ghana. But someone had to go first. “What's the hardest part about Bitcoin? Mining? Then let's do that.” Doing the hard part to get projects off the ground seems to be hard-wired in Quaynor; he's been inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame for two decades of pioneering Internet build-out in Africa.
At Consensus 2016 in New York City – a Coindesk event – Quaynor told me why he's decided to go all-in on blockchain for Ghana. But the story starts earlier, with Quaynor's role building Ghana's Internet infrastructure:
Nii Quaynor: Around 1992, I decided to return to Ghana to see what I can do to help. My Ph.D. thesis and research was in distributed systems. I was familiar with all the work on TCP/IP that was being done at the time, the gateway protocol.
Jon Reed: The building blocks of the Internet.
Quaynor: Yes, I was exposed to that early. I always wanted to build a network. I had already built some private networks, but around 1992, I realized that we're going to go through an open network, which was the Internet. I quickly prepared my team to migrate to Internet-based networks. In 1993, we were successful in establishing a connection to what we now call the Internet.
Has the Internet led to transformational change in Ghana?
Quaynor told me that he always saw the Internet as a transformational change, not just a new networking protocol. So has the Internet lived up to its promise? Quaynor:
I think it has surpassed our expectation. Yes, we knew it was important. We know it would have an impact in practically every area. But the truth of the matter is that it's been used in ways that none of us anticipated. That really proves that the Internet, it is open. We're obviously successful in the application of the Internet to improve the economy. The peer to peer aspect has removed some intermediaries, and so we are getting the efficiencies that I expected in applying the Internet.
But that openness hasn't extended to the supply side. Quaynor:
In some ways, I also feel we haven't done so well. Africa is not really part of the supply side of the Internet in any noticeable way… Currently, at least 95 percent of Internet connectivity provision in the country is done by multinational companies. The local ISPs that were providing this service are not the majority provider of these services. So we missed out on some local economic development there.
The growth of mobile in Ghana – “We pushed for it”
The blockchain's decentralized promise is closely tied to mobile phones – but not just any mobile phones. Smart phones will be needed, to manage things like digital wallets and identity verification. Here, Quaynor sees good news: 65 percent of the mobile phones in Ghana are already smart phones. Did Quaynor see the mobile revolution coming?
We did anticipate it. In fact, we were pushing for it, because we couldn't afford a thousand dollars for a computer. We knew that the Internet can work with any user interface, and therefore, why not a phone? What we did not anticipate was that connectivity would be provided by the telecommunications companies instead of the ISPs. As the telecoms began to do that, we immediately knew that mobile was ready.
Quaynor and his colleagues lobbied regulators:
We demanded it of our regulators – to improve the spectrum utilization. In some cases, we helped get spectrum allocations for mobile companies. The whole thing's about coverage.
Some areas still need coverage, and broadband-level connectivity. But Quaynor believes Ghana's mobile infrastructure is ready to support blockchain projects. Quaynor's blockchain adventures began with Bitcoin. He saw an imperative to legitimize Bitcoin – what better way to do that than to become a miner himself? Through his company, Ghana Dot Com, Quaynor supports Bitcoin mining and transactions.
In pursuit of the blockchain
About 18 months ago, Quaynor began his quest for blockchain use cases. Mining was the logical place to start:
I decided I needed to be more engaged in the blockchain. I'm an infrastructure type of person, and a very strong software type of person. My immediate reaction was, “Let's go to the hardest job.” My rationale was that if we don't have mining operations in Africa, perhaps African banks would not have confidence. They might say, “The operation is in China. Why do I want to go and put my money there?” After looking at it strategically, I decided I wanted my country to be part of it. I wanted the region to be part of it.
Ghana Dot Com is still focused on Bitcoin mining; Quaynor plans to expand into wallets and trading. In the last few years, thanks in part to mobile banking, the “unbanked” in Ghana are down to 25 percent. That's a large demographic that can be aided by banking and other blockchain-powered financial services. Quaynor thinks blockchain tech can help that remaining 25 percent do mobile banking by making mobile banking easier, due to offline capabilities and easier processes.
But it's the “non-financial” blockchain use cases that he finds most compelling. One example? National identification:
Ghana has tried more than once to establish some national identification. It hasn't worked out. Then there are voting issues – so that's one class of things. These sorts of technologies can help with that. I also envisage land-related registries. Land titles are a confusing situation in Ghana right now.
Quaynor thinks the blockchain has a “deeply democratic” potential:
I think we can reduce the obstacles. I can present my identification, I can vote, I can participate in ways that I couldn't before. There were so many problems; I might just sit at home and say, “The hell with this.“
Quaynor also thinks blockchain could also play a key role enabling micro-loans and smoothing the path to business launch: “Micro-loans are needed. You might say most of Africa is made up of really small businesses, and they need these kinds of services.”
Blockchain adoption – how do you get there?
To realize these potentials, wide scale blockchain adoption is needed. How do you get there? Quaynor is pursuing two paths: use Ghana Dot Com to build out/legitimize the transaction platform, and use his position as a university professor at the University of Cape Coast to spread the educational message. Quaynor is organizing a consortium with three of Ghana's largest public universities to begin training students on blockchain fundamentals.
Ultimately, policies have to change for blockchain and cryptocurrencies to prosper. Quaynor believes his educational efforts will force the issue:
If regulatory environments don't understand this technology, they will act wrongly. The best way I know to get policy to respond is to say, “Here I am.” You don't get policy to respond by going underground. You have to surface in a very confident way, and be ready to engage in dialogue, and maybe negotiate to get things going.
He envisions a groundswell of community support:
Community is extremely important for these things. People must talk among themselves, and so I want the ecosystem to surface. Currently, they are diffuse. If you are to ask anybody how many people are working this general area, nobody has an idea.
Quaynor jokes that his example of a Bitcoin trader from Ghana makes people less fearful:
Because it became public that I was mining, others began to write about what I was doing. People thought, “If he's mining, and he has not been put in jail, it must be okay.”
I asked Quaynor if he agrees with those who proclaim blockchain will be bigger than the Internet itself. Quaynor sees blockchain at the “fourth layer,” on top of the transmission, Internet Protocol, and web (W3C) layers:
I think blockchain rides on these three. It's interconnected through the web, but it's bringing a function the web cannot have by itself. The blockchain is transactional in nature, and has value. I see it as even bigger than the web.
I told Quaynor I hope he has no plans for retirement. “At least it will keep me busy,” he quips, before walking away with the energy of a young college graduate.
Image credit - Photos of Nii Quaynor at Consensus 2016 by Jon Reed.
Disclosure - Coindesk provided me with press access to Collission 2016; diginomica covered travel expenses.
Klaus Eberwein, a former Haitian government official who was expected to expose the extent of Clinton Foundation corruption and malpractice next week, has been found dead in Miami. He was 50.
Eberwein was due to appear next Tuesday before the Haitian Senate Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission where he was widely expected to testify that the Clinton Foundation misappropriated Haiti earthquake donations from international donors.
According to Miami-Dade's medical examiner records supervisor, the official cause of death is “gunshot to the head“. Eberwein's death has been registered as “suicide.”
Eberwein, who had acknowledged his life was in danger, was a fierce critic of the Clinton Foundation's activities in the Caribbean island, where he served as director general of the government's economic development agency, Fonds d'assistance économique et social, for three years.
According to Eberwein, a paltry 0.6% of donations granted by international donors to the Clinton Foundation with the express purpose of directly assisting Haitians actually ended up in the hands of Haitian organizations. A further 9.6% ended up with the Haitian government. The remaining 89.8% – or $5.4 billion – was funneled to non-Haitian organizations.
“The Clinton Foundation, they are criminals, they are thieves, they are liars, they are a disgrace,” Eberwein said at a protest outside the Clinton Foundation headquarters in Manhattan last year.
The former director general of Haiti, who also served as an advisor to Haitian President Michel Martelly, was also a partner in a popular pizza restaurant in Haiti, Muncheez, and even has a pizza — the Klaus Special — named after him.
According to the Haiti Libre newspaper, Eberwein was said to be in “good spirits“, with plans for the future. His close friends and business partners are shocked by the idea he may have committed suicide.
“It's really shocking,” said Muncheez's owner Gilbert Bailly. “We grew up together; he was like family.”
Bailly said he last spoke to Eberwein two weeks ago and he was in good spirits. They were excited about future business plans and were working on opening a Muncheez restaurant in Sunrise, he said.
The Haitian government issued an official notice thanking Eberwein for his service and mourning his untimely death.
“The Directorate General of FAES presents its sympathies to the bereaved families, friends and collaborator that this mourning afflicts. The FAES flag will be flown at half-mast from Wednesday 12th to Tuesday 18th July 2017. May his soul rest in peace,” Charles Ernest Chatelier, director general.
The superintendent of the Centinela Valley high school district negotiated a contract so loaded with out-of-the-ordinary perks that he managed to amass more than $663,000 in total compensation last year.
Documents obtained by the Daily Breeze from the Los Angeles County Office of Education show that although Jose Fernandez had a base pay of $271,000 in the 2013 calendar year, his other benefits amounted to nearly $400,000.
On top of that, the district just over a year ago provided Fernandez with a $910,000 loan at 2 percent interest to buy a house in affluent Ladera Heights.
Though Centinela is made up of just three comprehensive high schools and a continuation school in Hawthorne and Lawndale, Fernandez's payout in 2013 more than doubled that of his peers in larger neighboring South Bay districts.
His total compensation even eclipsed that of John Deasy, superintendent of the Los Angeles Unified School District, the nation's second-largest school system. Deasy's base salary is $330,000 this school year and his gross compensation is just shy of $390,000, according to the LAUSD. But the district enrolls more than 650,000 students while Centinela Valley serves about 6,600.
“That's obscene,” said Sandra Goins, executive director of South Bay United Teachers, the umbrella union for teachers in the Centinela Valley, Redondo Beach, Manhattan Beach and Palos Verdes Peninsula school districts. “That places him above the president of the United States — the leader of the free world.”
(The overall compensation package for President Barack Obama — salary, benefits, plus other perks — amounts to $569,000 annually.)
Fernandez, 54, was hired in January 2008 to take over a district suffering from lagging student test scores as it teetered on the brink of financial ruin. He had worked in the district since 1999, serving as an assistant superintendent of business and executive director of its adult school.
A former Inglewood city councilman, he took the top job at Centinela Valley during a tumultuous time. His predecessor, Cheryl White, had just been fired, and the district was fiscally insolvent. Fernandez was viewed as a money-minded leader.
After serving nearly a year as the interim superintendent, Fernandez was promoted to permanent status in late 2008 on a narrow 3-2 vote. With the new title came a 19-month contract with a base salary of about $163,000, plus allowances.
As Fernandez moved to shake up the district and steer it back toward financial stability, school board members rewarded him with a generous contract in 2009. Though his base pay increased only slightly to $198,000, a careful read of the deal reveals some striking fringe benefits:
• An annual raise of 9 percent.
• A relatively short work year of 215 days, compared to as many as 245 days worked by superintendents of other school districts.
• The right to be paid for days worked beyond the contracted work year of 215 days.
• A clause allowing him to be reimbursed by the district for purchasing “air time,” or up to five years of service to add to the number of years he actually worked, so as to boost his lifetime pension.
• A stipulation that he can only be fired by a supermajority of the board (four of five members).
• The ability to cash out vacation pay.
• An option to take a low-interest loan from the school district to purchase a home.
Fernandez exercised the loan option a little more than a year ago, using it to buy the two-story, four-bedroom home in Ladera Heights, one of the more expensive ZIP codes in Los Angeles County. He has 40 years to pay it off, at an interest rate of just 2 percent.
“That's a super good deal,” according to Steve Murillo, owner of First Manhattan Mortgage and Realtors in Manhattan Beach. Murillo noted that the vast majority of home loans must be paid off in 30 years; interest rates in the current market now hover in the low- to mid-4 percent range.
“It's like they are giving him free money,” he added.
State seeking pay transparency
The revelations about Fernandez's compensation package come at a time when State Controller John Chiang is calling for more transparency among California school districts about superintendent salaries. Last week, he began asking every public school district for compensation documents, so they can be posted on his website at www.sco.ca.gov.
Chiang has been putting together a user-friendly database listing the salary and benefits of California public employees ever since the scandal in the tiny city of Bell, where city leaders hid their exorbitant pay packages from the public. City Manager Robert Rizzo was collecting a salary of nearly $800,000, part of an annual compensation package worth $1.5 million.
Rizzo, the former assistant city manager and six other Bell officials have been convicted of corruption charges. He is currently serving 10 to 12 years in prison.
“After the city of Bell demonstrated how the absence of transparency and accountability can breed fiscal mismanagement, my office endeavored to create a one-stop resource detailing compensation data for every public official and employee,” Chiang wrote in a letter sent to every public school district on Monday.
Fernandez declined to be interviewed for this story, saying, through a spokesman, that he was loath to have to defend earning what he is legally entitled to by contract.
But his supporters point out that he has brought big improvements to a district that, prior to his arrival in 2008, was on the verge of bankruptcy, not to mention a state takeover.
“We were one payroll away from being taken over,” said Bob Cox, the district's assistant superintendent of human resources. “This really was a scary place.”
Under Fernandez's tenure, test scores in the largely low-income district — once among the lowest in the county — have risen, especially at two struggling high schools, Hawthorne and Leuzinger. (They've dipped at Lawndale High.) Also, major facility upgrades are either underway or finished at all three campuses, thanks to a pair of voter-approved bonds netting nearly $100 million each.
In addition, Fernandez played a key role in the November 2012 passage of a parcel tax that will bolster the district's general-fund revenues of about $50 million by $4.6 million for each of the next dozen years.
“He's a great leader,” said board President Maritza Molina, a 2004 alumnus of Lawndale High who was elected to the board in 2009, just months after graduating with her bachelor's degree from UC Santa Barbara. “He is very transparent with the board.”
The school board has been so pleased with Fernandez's leadership that it unanimously extended his lucrative contract for another four years in 2012.
Pressed about specifics in the contract, Molina instructed a reporter to discuss details with Michael Simidjian, an attorney working for the district on a contract basis.
The Daily Breeze also called the three other board members who voted for Fernandez's 2009 contract. Two of them — Rocio Pizano and Hugo Rojas — did not return calls. The third, Gloria Ramos, returned the call but declined to comment.
Jane Robison, a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office, said it isn't illegal for a school superintendent — or any government official — to earn a high salary.
“Public officials can make high salaries if an elected board approves it in an open meeting,” she said.
Julie White, a consultant with the Association of California School Administrators, said she hasn't come across so hefty a pay package in California. “That's a large amount of money,” she said.
But she said it isn't necessarily unusual for superintendent contracts to include housing assistance. That said, housing perks often raise eyebrows in the K-12 realm. In 2008, then-LAUSD Superintendent David Brewer drew fire for his $3,000-a-month housing stipend, part of a compensation package that totaled $381,000.
It isn't entirely clear how Fernandez's 2013 total payout breaks down. Some lucrative perks in his contract would be difficult for a layperson to spot. For example, one clause reads: “The District shall pay the employee portion of the Public Employee Retirement System (PERS) contribution and shall Compensate Superintendent for any service credit purchased.”
Though it sounds innocuous, that clause fattened his 2013 compensation by a six-figure sum that exceeds the entire annual salaries of many superintendents. About $215,000 of that came from the district's one-time reimbursement to him for purchasing the service credit known as “air time,” said Simidjian, who works for the firm Dannis Wolliver Kelley.
Although air-time benefits vanished on Jan. 1, 2013, as a result of statewide pension reform, officials in Centinela Valley say Fernandez purchased his years out of pocket before then, and was reimbursed by the school district during the 2013 calendar year.
Another roughly $20,000 came from how the district covers Fernandez's annual contribution to the state's retirement system.
Days-off benefit
One obscure benefit pertains to the 215-day work year, which payroll experts say is short. It is more common to work 225; Deasy's LAUSD work year spans 249 days.
“Two hundred and 15 days means that he doesn't have to work nine weeks,” said a retired member of the California Association of School Business Officials, who is highly regarded as an expert on legal school payroll matters but asked that his name not be used. “If you get a full annual salary, and there are nine weeks a year that you don't have to work, you certainly don't need to take 30 days of vacation.”
The short work year essentially encourages Fernandez to cash in much or all of his vacation time at the end of the year. His contract gives him 30 days of vacation annually.
In 2013, Fernandez did this to the tune of about $25,000, Simidjian said.
The short work year also increases his daily rate of pay. This affects yet another arcane-but-important provision in Centinela: The right for the superintendent to be paid for days worked beyond the contracted work year. In 2013, this contract provision beefed up Fernandez's bottom line by about $50,000, Simidjian said.
Even if some of these expenses are one-time payments, Fernandez's gross compensation has risen year after year since 2010, when it was $286,290. That amount ballooned to $392,000 in 2011, then to $403,000 in 2012 and $663,000 last year, according to county Office of Education, which calculates pay and compensation in calendar rather than fiscal years. In 2014, Fernandez's total compensation is expected to return to the $400,000s.
Meanwhile, teachers in the Centinela Valley Union High School District, which serves communities where the median household income ranges from $33,000 to $49,000, have received two raises since 2006-07 — one for 1.75 percent in 2011, and the second for 1 percent at the beginning of this school year.
Jack Foreman, the Centinela Valley teachers union president, said the pay range for teachers in the district hovers around the county average, but the benefits package is among the least generous in the county.
“It really makes me feel sick,” he said of Fernandez's compensation. “I think the message is that the district doesn't put a very high value on its teachers.”
In an effort to make a fair comparison, the Daily Breeze obtained the same W-2 documents from the county for the superintendents of the Torrance, Redondo Beach and Palos Verdes Peninsula unified school districts. Total 2013 compensation amounted to $257,804 for George Mannon of Torrance Unified, $251,032 for Steven Keller of Redondo Beach Unified and $227,229 for Walker Williams of Palos Verdes Peninsula Unified.
As for Fernandez's compensation package, the retired school finance expert, who helped the Daily Breeze deconstructs the contract, said he has never come across a deal like this during his 29 years in the business.
“I'm just appalled — it's horrible,” he said. “It's such a rip-off. There are some similarities to Bell, you might say. And the problem is, since most of it is legal, who can do anything about it?”
Image caption The Walrus card will allow travel on Merseyside buses, trains and ferries
A single-use electronic swipe card for public transport journeys on Merseyside has been launched.
The Walrus, similar to London's Oyster card, covers travel on rail, ferry and bus services in the region.
Users will also be able to buy other items, such as drinks, with the card, which is the first in the UK to cover non-transport related products.
It will initially replace all-zone season tickets with additional services added in 2012 and 2013.
Neil Scales, chief executive of Merseytravel, said: "This launch signals a revolution in the way people pay for and use public transport.
"Walrus will see the widest range of uses of any smartcard in the country being fully integrated into all our varied forms of transport and ticketing, ultimately saving our customers time and money.
"We are aiming towards a network where people pass seamlessly through our stations and ferry terminals, while also being able to board buses and even buy a coffee.
"In London less than 2% of public transport journeys are paid for in cash, and while cash will always be an option, Walrus will be a far more convenient option for customers, drivers and operators alike."
Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives.
Enlarge Image Animal Adventure Park/YouTube screenshot by Chris Matyszczyk/CNET
So this, children, is how animals have babies.
No! No! Don't show that! It's dirty!
This was the sequence of events on Wednesday night when the Animal Adventure Park in Harpursville, New York began to livestream what was scheduled to be a giraffe birth on YouTube.
It was supposed to be educational. It seems that someone -- or some machine -- at YouTube didn't agree. The livestream was taken down, before April the giraffe had given birth.
The park's Facebook page reported that the "live giraffe cam" saw as many as 30 million views in about 12 hours. This online popularity, however, may have brought with it opposing factions.
"There's a handful of extremists and animal rights activists that may not agree with us," he wrote, adding they had "unfortunately reported our YouTube cam as a sexually or nude content."
The park didn't immediately respond to a request for information as to how it knows the complaints were made by extremists. YouTube, however, acknowledged it had taken the livestream down.
"With the massive volume of content on our site -- 400 hours uploaded every minute -- sometimes we make the wrong call," a YouTube spokesman told me. "When it's brought to our attention that content has been removed mistakenly, we act quickly to reinstate it."
And so the livestream is again up and running.
That's fortunate because at the time of this writing, 15-year-old April still hasn't given birth.
One can only hope that the media controversy hasn't affected her equilibrium.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren is continuing her push to give government retirement beneficiaries the same percentage raise as America's top CEOs, as she puts it.
The Massachusetts senator joined colleagues and activists Wednesday to deliver a petition signed by 800,000 people calling on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to hold a vote on her bill, the SAVE Benefits Act, which would give 70 million seniors, veterans, and people with disabilities a one-time payment of $581 to make up for the stagnant cost of living adjustment (COLA) in government benefits in 2016.
“When we vote, we live our values,'' Warren said in a press conference outside the U.S. Capitol. “Me, I stand with the people who work so hard to make this country safe and strong. Those are my values and that's what this bill is all about.''
Advertisement
Warren was joined Wednesday by New York Sen. Chuck Schumer and Wisconsin Sen. Tammy Baldwin, as well as a coalition of progressive and senior advocacy groups.
The Bay State senator said the $581 payment would equate to a 3.9 percent increase in Social Security payments — the same percentage increase as the country's top CEOs got in 2014.
Warren said those raises were paid in part by the American taxpayers, due to tax breaks for performance-based pay.
“But for 70 million seniors, veterans, and Americans with disabilities, there are no raises this year,'' she said “No cost of living increase in their Social Security checks. For seniors and vets and people with disabilities, there is no sweet taxpayer subsidy.''
Reached for comment Wednesday, a spokesman for McConnell's office told Boston.com the bill, which Warren introduced in November, had been referred to the Senate Finance Committee. The Kentucky senator and Republican Majority Leader has yet to take a position on the bill, which has no GOP co-sponsors.
Following the press conference, a group of seniors and veterans delivered the 800,000-signature petition to McConnell's office. According to Julian Blair, a Maryland veteran who delivered the petition, a McConnell staffer told the group they will “keep in touch.''
Advertisement
“We'll wait to see what happens there,'' Blair said.
To pay for the $581 payment, Warren's bill would amend the IRS code to eliminate the previously-mentioned provision that allows corporations to claim tax deductions on “performance-based compensation.''
“So let's be clear here,'' she said Wednesday. “We are going to have this fully paid for. In fact, there would be money leftover to help strengthen the Social Security system.''
Warren added that it was perfectly fine for companies to give CEOs raises, but they “won't get a subsidy from the American taxpayer.''
She then pivoted to put the burden of passing the bill on the party controlling the House and Senate, drawing a contrast between the supposed values of Democrats and Republicans.
“Republicans say it is more important to save a tax break to help multimillionaire executives,'' the senator said. “Now, Democrats say it is more important to spend the exactly that same money to give a one-time $581 raise to seniors, who worked hard all their lives, to veterans, who served our country honorably, and to Americans with disabilities, who rely on these benefits to make ends meet.''
This year will be just the third time since 1975 that recipients of Social Security, veterans benefits, or other government retirement programs will not receive the annual raise to adjust for inflation.
As previously noted, due to falling gas prices, inflation declined in 2015. However, inflation-based COLA does not effectively account for the way most retirees spend their money (less so on gas; more so on health care costs, which have increased more than the inflation rate).
Advertisement
“The 0 percent COLA was calculated partly by figuring in a lower price for gas, but I don't drive very much,'' said Susan Taylor, a member of the Maryland/DC Alliance for Retired Americans. “This one-time emergency payment would help me with what I do spend money on: food, health care expenses, and housing.''
During remarks outside the Capitol Building, Blair urged McConnell to take immediate action.
“All we're asking, when these signatures are delivered today, is that Senator McConnell bring SAVE Benefits Act to the floor.'' he said. “Not tomorrow, not next week, but today.''
As of Wednesday evening, no further action had been taken on the bill.
A PC version of Grand Theft Auto 5 was spotted on a couple of German retail sites.
Both Amazon Germany and GamesOnly.at have listings for the yet-to-be-announced PC version of Rockstar's highly anticipated open-world crime caper (thanks, NeoGAF).
Additionally, a special edition was briefly detailed on GamesOnly that was said to contain the following:
SteelBook with exclusive artwork
World map
Stunt-planes challenges
Online-store concessions
Bonus outfits
Bonus tattoos
Special abilities booster
Exclusive weapons
While the description has been removed, a rep from GamesOnly allegedly confirmed to a poster in a GTA fan site GTA-extreme.de that this listing is in fact, accurate. The statement roughly translated to "We can confirm that the content, as it is stated in the item description is correct."
We've reached out to Rockstar for comment and have yet to hear back. We'll let you know if anything comes of that.
Fabfiles and Kubernetes: Automating SSH with Kubernetes Nodes
• By Brandon Philips
While Kubernetes is ushering in a world where SSH is less necessary on a daily basis for deploying and managing applications, there are still instances when SSH is necessary for gathering statistics, debugging issues, and repairing configuration issues. So, while years from now there may not be a need to SSH and run one-off debugging sessions, the tools below are useful for quickly SSH'ing into machines in your Kubernetes cluster.
Kubernetes has a database of nodes in the cluster which can be queried with kubectl get nodes . This is a powerful database for automation and integration with existing tools. One powerful tool is the Fabric SSH utility, which is known as a fabfile.py .
Getting Started
Install the Fabric SSH utility and test it:
$ fab --version Fabric 1.13.1
Git clone this repo and move into the directory:
git clone https://github.com/coreos/fabric-kubernetes-nodes cd fabric-kubernetes-nodes
Fabric will use the fabfile.py from the root of this directory. So now Kubernetes Nodes and labels are integrated directly into fabric! Here is an example session using this integration:
$ kubectl label node ip-10-0-0-50.us-west-2.compute.internal my-special-label=true $ fab -u core -R my-special-label=true -- date [10.0.0.50] Executing task '<remainder>' [10.0.0.50] run: date [10.0.0.50] out: Thu Feb 16 06:54:37 UTC 2017 [10.0.0.50] out:</remainder>
Bastion or Gateway Hosts
Many configurations of Kubernetes, like CoreOS Tectonic, do not enable direct SSH access to machines in the cluster, and instead users must first access gateway or bastion hosts. If the Kubernetes cluster has this configuration, add the --gateway flag to the command and change the address type to InternalIP.
$ export FAB_KUBE_NODE_ADDRESS_TYPE=InternalIP $ fab --gateway=W.X.Y.Z -u core -R failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/zone=us-west-2a -- date [10.0.3.24] Executing task '<remainder>' [10.0.3.24] run: date [10.0.3.24] out: Mon May 1 02:50:13 UTC 2017 [10.0.3.24] out:</remainder> [10.0.60.15] Executing task '<remainder>' [10.0.60.15] run: date [10.0.60.15] out: Mon May 1 02:50:16 UTC 2017 [10.0.60.15] out:</remainder> Done. Disconnect
By default the fabfile will use the ExternalIP of nodes. However, it can be configured to use any IP address that a Node has available. The example above uses the common InternalIP field. To change this to a custom SpecialIP export the environment variable FAB_KUBE_NODE_ADDRESS_TYPE=SpecialIP .
To find out more about the Fabric integration with Kubernetes, check out the GitHub repository.
If you have any questions about Fabric or any other aspect of Kubernetes and other CoreOS open source projects, ask the team directly at CoreOS Fest! The Kubernetes and distributed systems conference takes place May 31 and June 1 in San Francisco - join us for two days of talks from the community on the latest developments in the open source container ecosystem. Register today.
Watch J.A. Happ pitch, and you know he has to have a secret. The Blue Jays lefty throws a fastball with average velocity nearly three-quarters of the time, pitches in a tough home park, and somehow is a win away from 20 with an ERA better than three-quarters of baseball.
He must have a secret. And it's not that he has a riding fastball: we're getting more comfortable with that one and he's a known rise-baller. Nor is it a secret with which Ray Searage blessed him. “I was pitching pretty good for two-and-a-half months in Seattle,” he responds at the prospect being counted as a Searage Surprise. “I wasn't struggling to get outs.”
It isn't a sexy secret, and of course it wouldn't be. Happ's never lit up the radar gun or dazzled anyone with his darting, diving stuff. And it's not even his first secret regarding his stuff; he might have three secrets about the fastball. But it's his newest one, and it's been a big driver for his success this year.
The first secret was simply throwing the fastball more often. That's something we've seen with him before, but it was something at which he arrived on his own in Seattle.
That realization came from accepting. “Accepting that I had been overthinking at times,” he said of his decision to throw the heater more in Seattle. He admitted that rates had something to do with it — “you do see the numbers and the results” — so the fact that his slider, change, and curve all had below-average whiff rates going into 2015 is meaningful. He decided to throw his best pitches better, a sort of reverse Corey Kluber.
Here's perhaps a secret about a secret. I thought that throwing the fastball more was about getting into better counts and improving his walk rate, and he has been showing his best walk rates recently. But he pointed out that something interesting happens when you throw the fastball more: “Everyone is hitting off the fastball. At the same time, they get overanxious with the fastball if you throw it more.”
You can see that hitters are swinging more at Happ's fastball as he throws it more. Hidden in that swing rate is a career-best reach rate on the fastball. Happ's gone to his strength, and in the process, has made hitters anxious to hit his strength more often.
But most of this was true, or at least coming together, last year, or even in Seattle. What's been his newest secret? The sinker. He's using it more than a quarter of the time right now, more than he's ever used it before.
The list of pitchers who've added a sinker is long. The list of pitchers who've added decent sinkers to an arsenal that heavily features a riding four-seamer? That list is much shorter. Here are the qualified starters who possess a riding fastball and also throw a sinker that features at least three inches more sink on their two-seamer (three inches is the average difference), and throw it at least 10% of the time: Happ, Jerad Eickhoff, Zack Greinke, Matt Shoemaker, and Yordano Ventura. Kenta Maeda and Robbie Ray are close.
Still, Happ zooms to the top of this list when judged solely by the difference in vertical movement.
Nobody in baseball has as much of a difference in vertical movement between his four-seam and two-seam fastballs. And this is something newish for Happ, but he can't quite put a finger on when it happened. “They are drastically different pitches, and it's just all about feel,” he explained. “I'm trying to get that good pressure on the four-seamer and spin it for some good backspin, keep my hand on top of the ball. The sinker is a little bit different. To me it almost feels like it's coming off just one of the fingers and the pressure is different.”
Happ found this vertical movement on his sinker late in his first Toronto tenure, but he just didn't feature the pitch as much until he came back. Again, he talked about feel when it comes to his choice to use the sinker. “Some days I have the feel, other days I go with my other stuff,” said the Blue Jay.
If you look across Happ's line, you won't find a plus ground-ball rate. The sinker itself does well there, though: a 60% ground-ball rate on a sinker is actually plus. He just doesn't throw it enough to make it show up on his overall rate.
Also, the pitch might be setting up the four-seam, which has a double-digit swinging-strike rate. When I asked if having ride on the four-seam works when you throw the pitch low, Happ let us in on a little secret: “It doesn't get as many takes.”
The data appear to bear that out. On the left is the swing rate on Happ's four-seamer last year; on the right, the swing rate this year. Notice the darker shade of red just above the strike zone in this year's version. Happ's getting more swings in a location that's more to his advantage than the batter's.
So that's maybe how Happ has gone to his best weapon more often and yet also has convinced hitters to swing at his pitches more often. A whopping five-inch difference between the four-seam and the two-seam means that, if you're expecting one, and get the other, you will miss that pitch. That might be his newest wrinkle, but it doesn't seem like such a secret, after all. It's all there, tracked for everyone to see. Maybe there are no secrets in baseball.
I can't believe it, but as of today I've been eating a plant-based diet for about 6 months! My how time flies! I say “about”, because I didn't write down the exact date that I officially removed all meat (including fish), eggs, and dairy from my diet, but it was about the same time that I started this blog – so that's close enough for my purposes. 🙂
I'm not your stereotypical herbivore – I'm a moderate-conservative, born-again Christian, foodie, and endurance athlete, who also happens to eat a plant-based diet. This is why I dislike stereotypes so much. 🙂
Jed Smith 50K
After 6 months as a plant-strong athlete, I'm SO happy I made the switch. I've learned a few things along the way that I wanted to share with you!
1. I feel great! I just feel better without meat, eggs, and dairy. After stopping eating meat for a while, you notice that it just sits in your stomach when you start eating it again. That, combined with the fact that I've always been lactose intolerant, means my tummy is much happier and lighter since making the switch.
2. I haven't been sick in 6 months – since I've made this change to my diet! I didn't get sick much before, but typically something would hit me in January and I'd fight a cold or sinus issue for a few days. This year – nothing!
3. I have more energy – I have always needed 8 hours of sleep per night to function. Always. Now, I find 7-8 fairly normal, often I'll wake up before the alarm goes off and I'm ready to go. It's weird! I also don't have the mid-afternoon slump very often.
4. It's not hard, but it's also not always easy – Eating at home is easy! There are so many delicious foods to choose from and making any dish vegan-friendly is fun. At restaurants, you sometimes have to be pretty creative. My trick is to look for a vegetarian dish, then decide if removing the eggs & dairy will leave a flavorful meal. If not, I start looking at the appetizers and sides from other meals to see what else I can add to make it taste better. Hummus is a great sub for cheese, balsamic instead of mayo in a slaw, grilled onions and mushrooms to top a burger. Or just ask the server and see what they can offer you!
We also discovered some pretty amazing veggie restaurants that we wouldn't have even thought of before: Gymnopedie (Athens, GA), Healthy Happy Human (Indian Harbor Beach, FL), & Sugar Plum Vegan Café (Sacramento, CA) to name a few.
Vegan Donuts at Doughbot Donuts!
5. Protein is not a problem – There are plenty of vegan athletes that help prove that getting your protein from non-animal sources is possible (and easy!). There are vegans in triathlon, bodybuilding, mixed martial arts, running, and ultra-running. If you're worried about protein, I suggest thinking about including a protein-rich food in every meal. Some of the common protein sources I eat are: nut butter, quinoa, non-dairy milk, tofu, tempeh, seitan, beans, lentils, & nuts.
6. It's healthy (for me and the animals): With no cholesterol or added hormones in my food, I feel good about how my food choices affect my health. I'm an athlete for my health (and the extra food!), so this is another way to make the right choices for my body. It also makes me happy that I'm not eating animals. 🙂
Yummy Veggies!
7. I've discovered so many NEW foods! How are there so many delicious foods that I had never tried before. Things like seitan, tempeh, nutritional yeast, quinoa – I had honestly never tried these previously. I'm so glad that I had a reason to try them and see how delicious they are!
I'm a strong, happy, proud plant-based athlete and I'm certainly not slowing down! After my ultra-running “debut” almost 4 weeks ago, I'm ready to tackle my 7th marathon in New Orleans this weekend. I've got big plans for the future and I can't wait to see what I'll accomplish next.
*******************
Questions for you:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MILFORD -- It's not everyday you hear of a "poke" on Facebook leading to an arrest, but it happened to Eric Bauer due to an active restraining order out against him.
Police said they took Bauer, 27, of Milford into custody for violating a full protective order when he sent a Facebook 'poke' to a woman who had filed for a protective order against him.
State's Attorney Kevin Lawlor said, "This is the first one in this courthouse I'm aware of."
Lawlor would not comment on this particular case, but did say with instant access to social media sites on cellphones, police, attorneys, and judges certainly see similar situations, but the rules are spelled out.
"I think the courts do a good job of explaining no contact means no contact in any way, shape, or form," said Lawlor.
Even though a poke is a nonverbal form of communication, it's still communicating by trying to get the person's attention.
Bauer's friend showed us her Android phone, similar to his, where the "poke "and the "block" button are right next to each other. She says he was trying to block the woman who has a restraining order against him as he does against her.
Lawlor said, "Because this type of communication has become so intertwined in everyone's everyday life, yes it's gonna keep raising its head and we have to be looking for it."
The incident took place on May 5 and Bauer was arrested May 23. Bauer was charged with a violation of a protective order and violation of a restraining order. Each carry up to five years in prison. He's due back in court June 7.
A Facebook "poke" is a means to get someone's attention, or say hello. Facebook users can turn off pokes by blocking them.
41.230698 -73.064036
Swastika (Photo: Submitted)
Two Blackman High girls face expulsion and criminal charges accusing them of making a swastika mark on a bathroom stall, a district spokesman said.
"The students responsible for the bathroom vandalism at Blackman High School have been caught," spokesman James Evans said.
Principal Leisa Justus sent the following message to Blackman parents to keep them informed:
"Yesterday, a student alerted school officials about vandalism with hate enhancement in a girls bathroom stall, which was a swastika made out of toilet paper and fingernail polish," the principal's statement said. "School administration and SROs immediately began investigation, and the perpetrators have been identified. The two female students are being disciplined to the fullest extent of school board and law enforcement policy. The students have been expelled, and the school is pursuing criminal charges. Blackman High School does not and will not accept this type of hate activity. All students are asked to alert school officials immediately if they are subject to any hate and, therefore, criminal activity."
Because the situation involves minors, the district cannot release any additional information at this time, the spokesman said.
Reach Scott Broden at 615-278-5158. Follow him on Twitter @ScottBroden.
Read or Share this story: http://on.dnj.com/2k4aRXQ
Smell test: In mice with trimmed whiskers, neurons become unusually active (bright yellow) in sensory areas of the brain governing the mouth and nose when they explore their surroundings.
A new multi-step brain imaging method called ClearMap creates a snapshot of neuronal activity across the entire brain of an adult mouse1.
The tool, described 25 May in Cell, could help researchers understand how symphonies of neurons firing during social interactions differ between mouse models of autism and typical mice.
Scientists have used various methods, such as functional magnetic resonance imaging, to record synchronized activity in brain regions. But these techniques cannot identify which patterns of activity correspond with particular behaviors.
In the new method, a specialized microscope shines light on various depths of the mouse brain to produce a three-dimensional (3D) rendering of active neurons. New software then superimposes this image onto a publicly available atlas of brain structures. Scientists can analyze this combination to pinpoint the brain regions that fire in synchrony and match that activity to what the animal was doing just before they examined its brain.
Visual slices:
Researchers constructed this multi-step recipe from old and new techniques. First, they provoke brain activity, either with a drug or by engaging mice in a behavioral task. They then euthanize the animals and examine their brains.
Using a method called iDISCO+ , the researchers marinate the mouse brains in a chemical that renders them transparent. They label neurons that were firing while the mouse was alive using fluorescent antibodies that bind to a protein that a cell makes 30 minutes after it becomes active.
Next, a light-sheet microscope shines a plane of light through the brain to different depths and detects the glow of the recently active neurons in each visual slice. Software combines the scans into a single 3D image.
From there, a novel computer program called ClearMap that the researchers built overlays the 3D image onto the Allen Mouse Brain Atlas, pinpoints the location of activated neurons and measures the fluorescence in each region.
The scientists tested the technique in adult mice with shaved whiskers that had been exploring an unfamiliar area. The tool revealed low activity in brain regions that receive information from whiskers, and unusually strong activation among neurons that pick up sensory signals from the nose and mouth.
In another experiment, the platform displayed interactions among three brain regions in mouse mothers that had been moving their pups to a nest: a part of the hypothalamus involved in parenting behavior; the thalamus, a sensory relay station; and the amygdala, an emotion hub.
The iDISCO+ and ClearMap tools are freely available online.
It's the fantasy baseball draft season. To us baseball nerds, few things are more exciting than arguing about player rankings. Today, we'll discuss and compare Andrew McCutchen's RotoBaller staff rankings. He was ranked No. 50 overall by Harris Yudin, and No. 114 by Jeff Kahntroff.
Throughout this series, we'll be using our February Staff Rankings to debate where to draft certain players. In cases where our writers had discrepancies, we've asked them to explain their rankings. These debates will provide us with some well-rounded analysis, and help identify undervalued/overvalued draft picks.
Editor's note: Check out our previous rankings debates on Jose Ramirez, Trea Turner, J.D Martinez, Nelson Cruz, Jose Abreu, Bryce Harper, Carlos Martinez, Kyle Schwarber, Jonathan Villar, and Kenta Maeda.
2017 Draft Rankings Debate: Andrew McCutchen
Harris Yudin's Rankings Analysis
His Overall Ranking: 50
McCutchen is only entering his age-30 season, and his durability has never been questioned— he has played at least 146 games in seven straight years. Especially moving to a less physically-demanding position in right field, that durability should continue to hold up going forward.
Cutch isn't the 20-base stealer he once was, but he still managed six steals in 13 tries last year. That's an unusually low success rate, and if he were to get on base more in 2017, those attempts should become more frequent. His K rate, ISO and OPS have been trending in the wrong direction over the last few years, but even with declining numbers, he still hit 23 homers with a .401 OBP in 2015. In fact, he has hit 20 or more homers in six consecutive seasons, and his OBP has sat north of .400 in four of his last five. That changed in '16, but even though his peripherals don't exactly tell the story of a guy whose season was a fluke, a return to form is not out of the question. I'm not usually one to defend a player because of his past, but this isn't David Wright or Ryan Zimmerman we're talking about— McCutchen is still young and has maintained impeccable health.
No one is expecting McCutchen to revert back to his numbers from 2013 — when he crushed 21 long balls and posted a .317/.404/.508 slash line en route to winning the NL MVP Award — but it's far from unfathomable for a perennial MVP candidate who should still be in his prime to bounce back from a down season. Something in the 25-85-80-10-.280 range is a reasonable expectation— only Mike Trout, Mookie Betts, Charlie Blackmon and Ian Kinsler hit all of those benchmarks last season. The only major difference between my projection and Jeff's is the batting average— numbers back up the rest.
If I have to choose between a 30-year-old Andrew McCutchen bringing his average back up to his career mark or a 32-year-old Matt Kemp replicating his 35-HR display — which he hadn't done since 2011 — I'm putting my money on McCutchen. Taking a chance on the five-time all-star and hoping that 2016 was an outlier, average-wise, could pay dividends.
Jeff Kahntroff's Rankings Analysis
His Overall Ranking: 114
Last year, Andrew McCutchen put up a relatively ugly .256/24/81/79/6 line. His batting average and stolen bases have both declined each year since 2012. He has only hit more than 25 homers once (2012). He has never knocked in more than 100 runs and has only scored over 100 runs once (2012). At age 30, what exactly are we expecting to change? The team that knows him best spent the entire offseason exploring multiple trade scenarios for him, and he is rumored still to be on the block; if they believed in a rebound, would they not wait for him to up his value before trading him? Let's take a quick look at his stats since 2012:
AVG HR R RBI SB 2012 .327 31 107 96 20 2013 .317 21 97 84 27 2014 .314 25 89 83 18 2015 .292 23 91 96 11 2016 .256 24 81 79 6
Just looking at the trends on this table, one would likely not expect better than a .260/24/85/80/5 year. I ranked him near Adam Jones (.265/29/86/83/2), Matt Kemp (.268/35/89/108/1) and Jackie Bradley Jr. (.267/26/94/87/9), players whose 2016 performance far exceeded that projected line. Harris has him ranked about fifty spots ahead of those players, and instead near players who either significantly outperformed him in 2016 at a younger age, or who matched his performance despite not playing full seasons: Carlos Gonzalez (.298/25/87/100/2), Justin Upton (.246/31/81/87/9), Christian Yelich (.298/21/78/98/9 at 24 years old), J.D. Martinez (.307/22/69/68/1 in 120 games), and Yoenis Cespedes (.280/31/72/86/3 in 132 games).
Unless there is a magical reason to expect McCutchen to bounce back in 2017, he is being rated too highly and should be drafted near the former players, rather than the latter ones. With the stolen bases no longer a part of his game, the lack of significant power, and the declining average, it is hard to envision a high upside to justify this ranking. Chase the expected performance, not the name, and select a player who may be less of a name brand but whose performance and trends are worthy of this draft slot.
Printer Friendly Email to a Friend Atchison Airshow Airplane Crashes; Two Killed
Photo credit: Atchison County Sheriff's Office Photo credit: Atchison County Sheriff's Office (KAIR)--The plane that crashed Sunday morning is believed to have been the same one flown in Saturday night's aerobatics show that accompanied Atchison's Amelia Earhart festival. Atchison County Sheriff Jack Laurie says the plane, believed to be the 1944 Roth American P-51D Mustang used in the show, was piloted by 64-year-old Vlado Lenoch. The Bluff Ridge, Illinois pilot, who helmed the plane during the air show, was killed in the wreck. Also killed was his passenger, 34-year-old Bethany Root, of Atchison. She served as the General Manager at Atchison's Amelia Earhart Airport. Laurie says the plane, named “Baby Duck,” took off from airport around 10:00 Sunday morning and crashed around 10:15 in the area of 234th and Ness Road, near Cummings. The cause of the crash is not immediately known. According to the report from the Kansas Highway Patrol, the plane was traveling southeast, 5 miles south of the airport, when it turned around and then dove towards the ground, where it collided, at 3618 Ness Road. The FAA will conduct the investigation. Atchison City Manager Trey Cocking Sunday afternoon issued a statement to MSC News regarding the tragic crash. "Our thoughts and prayers go out to their families and friends. Bethany was making a big difference at the airport and the City Commission and myself are very saddened by her sudden death." The Atchison County Sheriff's Office, the Kansas Highway Patrol, Atchison County EMS and the Atchison County Rescue Unit all assisted at the scene of the fatal crash. © Many Signals Communications You will need to be logged in to leave a comment.
Please Login Add Your comment
characters left The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited.
Click here to review our Terms of Use.
Most people intuit that coming from the “right sort” of family is a big advantage in life, while being from the “wrong side of the tracks” is a serious disability. And they suspect that these advantages and disadvantages persist, as demonstrated by the continuing prominence of, say, people whose ancestors “came over on the Mayflower” among the upper crust in America.
The difficulty with this intuitive understanding is that social-science research does not seem to back it up. Psychologists, sociologists, and economists have found rates of social mobility that ought to wipe out all familial advantage or disadvantage within three to five generations. Furthermore, the rates of social mobility found in most of these studies differed greatly from one country to another, with, for instance, Sweden scoring much higher than the United States in this regard.
So is this belief in the persistence of familial advantage just a popular delusion? That is the question that U.C. Davis economist Gregory Clark takes up in his new book, and the answer he found surprised even him. He set out thinking the social-science consensus was correct, intending only to extend those findings further into the past. But the evidence changed his mind: social scientists have been measuring mobility the wrong way, and in fact the popular intuition is on target.
The key to understanding Clark's thesis is his division of the factors that make for success in worldly affairs into an inherited component and a random component. (“Inherited” here need not mean “genetic”: one could inherit, for instance, one's family's reputation.) Most previous studies have focused on movements in social class from one generation to the next. But as Clark explains using his two-factor model, such a limited time frame means that the random component of social achievement is going to have an undue influence. This is not an esoteric notion: think, for instance, of a member of a high-achievement family who suffers a terrible car accident as a youth, leaving him with severe brain damage. It is quite likely that whether measured by income, profession, or educational level, that member will do significantly worse than the family average.
Advertisement
But this accident will not change the family's basic “social competency” (Clark's term). If the injured son has children, they will not inherit his brain damage. Their level of achievement will tend to return toward the family baseline. So, Clark suggests, if we really want to measure social mobility, we should look at the social status of families over many generations.
The way he and his team of researchers did so is ingenious: they found relatively rare surnames primarily associated with high social standing, such as the names taken by the nobility in Sweden, or low social standing, such as names characteristic of the Travellers in England, and tracked their appearance in historical records showing elite status, such as admissions to top universities—for Oxford and Cambridge, we have data dating back 800 years—large estates bequeathed in probate, or presence in high-status professions such as law and medicine.
The results confirm that the popular intuition has been correct all along:
The intergenerational correlation in all the societies for which we construct surname estimates—medieval England, modern England, the United States, India, Japan, Korea, China, Taiwan, Chile, and even egalitarian Sweden—is … much higher than conventionally estimated. Social status is inherited as strongly as any biological trait, such as height.
What's more, it matters little what social policies are put in place: Clark and his team find that social mobility remains nearly constant over time despite the arrival of free public education, the reduction of nepotism in government, modern economic growth, the expansion of the franchise, and redistributive taxation.
Clark introduces us to the reality of this persistence of status with a few notable examples. For instance, the family of famed diarist Samuel Pepys has had high social status from 1500 until today, while that of Sir Timothy Berners-Lee, creator of the World Wide Web, apparently has been upper crust since the Domesday Book of 1086. And in noting the many prominent members of the Darwin family, he remarks, “It is also interesting that Darwin's fourth-generation descendants include Adrian Maynard Keynes and William Huxley Darwin.” The elite tend to marry the elite.
But if such isolated examples were the crux of Clark's case, it would be a rather flimsy one: even if the standard social science take on mobility were correct, we would expect to find notable exceptions to the general rule. His main backing for his thesis is a number of studies conducted across many countries and many centuries. Nevertheless the anecdotes are an important aspect of this work: they are a component of how Clark continually turns what could have been an extremely dry executive summary of a number of demographic surveys into a consistently engaging book.
While I am no expert on the literature concerning social mobility, it seems to me that Clark has backed his thesis with very significant and relevant data. But I would want to see responses from those defending the more traditional social-science view on social mobility before unconditionally awarding the victory to Clark.
One way in which Clark gauges the social status of an ethnic group is to see how the proportion of doctors in the group compares to the proportion in the population as a whole. This measure is not flawless: in the case of Filipinos, I think it must overstate their status, as they seem to be a people that just love the medical professions. (Having married a Filipina, I have found that roughly 80 percent of my in-laws are doctors or nurses.) But it is a good rough gauge nonetheless. Clark uses this gauge to evaluate the elite status of various ethnic groups by looking at the surnames of registered physicians in America. Which ethnicities top the charts of U.S. doctors?
Here they are, starting with a group that produces physicians at 13 times the national average: 1) Coptic Egyptians, 2) Indian Hindus (about 12 times the average), 3) Indian Christians, 4) Iranian Muslims, 5) Lebanese Christians, 6) Ashkenazi Jews, 7) Sephardic Jews, 8) Koreans, 9) Chinese, 10) Filipinos, 11) black Africans (we've reached about four times the average here), 12) Greeks, 13) Armenians, 14) Japanese, 15) Vietnamese, 16) black Haitians.
So, what do we find among the top 16 doctor-producing groups in the United States? No European Protestant group. This calls into question the notion of “white privilege”: being a physician is a high-income, high-status profession. If white privilege is a significant social force, why doesn't a single European-Protestant ethnicity appear among this top 16? Why do our populations of black Africans and black Haitians produce doctors at significantly higher rates than Dutch-Americans, Swedish-Americans, or Finnish-Americans, all groups that make up a low enough percentage of our population that they cannot be said to constitute the average merely by their numerical preponderance? Clark does not try to deny that many white Americans harbor prejudice against non-whites. But this prejudice, however real, apparently is not preventing many non-white ethnic groups from achieving high social status.
And if white privilege is really a major force in the United States, what are we to make of the persistently low social status of French Canadian immigrants, a group of people that is, after all, pretty darned white, and many of whom have been in the States for a couple of centuries? (I had no idea this low social status was even the case before reading Clark's book. Did you?) Clark explains this fact as being due to a double-selection for low social achievement: the initial population of French Canada came primarily from the lower-status population of France, and then it was chiefly lower-status Québecois who emigrated to America. Americans of French Canadian descent are in fact reverting to the mean and becoming more like the rest of our population; but starting from a very low initial position, they are doing so slowly, just as Clark's model predicts.
Clark discusses several apparent exceptions to his “law of social mobility.” He finds they all fall into one of two categories. A group with exceptionally lengthy high or low social status may persist in that status because members do not intermarry with other groups, such as the Brahmins in India. Or the group in question may experience selective in- and out-migration, such as the Travellers in England—whom Clark argues are not ethnically distinct from the general population—so that lower-status people who want a migrant lifestyle joined the Travellers, while those wishing to move up in status left the group.
A flaw in this book is Clark's tendency to treat the abstract model he has developed to capture his findings as if it were an actual causal agent operating in the real world. Consider the following passage:
If a group deviates in the current generation from the mean social status, set at zero, then on average will have deviated by a smaller amount, determined by b, in the previous generation. A group of families now of high social status have arrived at the status over many generations by a series of upward steps from the mean. And the length and speed of that ascent, paradoxically, are determined by the rate of persistence, b.
This is a perfect example of what Alfred North Whitehead referred to as “the fallacy of misplaced concreteness.” In reality, what we have are particular, concrete individuals, members of families, doing this and that in the world and succeeding or failing to some degree or another. From a large number of such individuals, Clark has devised a model of changes in social status. Within that model, there is a parameter, which he calls b, that is determined by the average speed of ascent or descent in social status among family members.
It is these actual, concrete activities that make b what it is. But Clark gets this exactly backwards: for him, this abstract entity, b, is somehow controlling the actions of real-world individuals. It is like thinking that a baseball player's batting average determines how often he will get hits, as if somehow a number on the TV screen can influence his swings, rather than how often he gets hits determining his batting average.
Enough with the details: what is the general upshot of Clark's findings? For one thing, even if we believe that social mobility ought to be as high as possible, his data do not support the idea that we ought to undertake major social engineering projects with the goal of increasing it. If public education, a universal adult franchise, redistributive taxation, or even the radical egalitarianism of Mao's China did not alter social mobility in any significant way, just what would we have to do to dramatically change it?
We might have to adopt the sort of dystopian measures that Kurt Vonnegut contemplated in his short story “Harrison Bergeron,” where people who are too intelligent are subjected to deafening noises that continually interrupt their thoughts. If that sort of thing is the only fix available, then perhaps we ought to accept social mobility for what it is and welcome the contributions to social life made by the more adept without seeking to cripple them with equal-outcome producing handicaps.
Clark notes that his findings do not indicate that we will have perpetual upper and lower classes: although social mobility for families is slower than others had estimated, it is real, and it means that over the centuries no particular clan will remain on top or at the bottom. In the meantime, Clark suggests a broad adoption of a Scandinavian-type social-welfare model: after all, if social status is largely a matter of being born into the right or wrong family, why shouldn't public policy act to balance out such an effect of mere luck? Whether Clark is correct in drawing such a conclusion from his data, I leave it to my reader to decide. But if such issues concern you, you should read this important book.
Gene Callahan teaches economics at SUNY Purchase and is the author of Oakeshott on Rome and America.
In 2016, EV sales grew by 55 per cent – twenty times greater than ICE vehicles. That said, an unsubsidized Tesla Model 3 that will be rolling off the production lines within days, still costs $35,000, which for a medium-sized car is still beyond many consumers' budgets., So how near is this inflection or tipping point and what could stand in the way?
Looking forward, one unknown is the price of critical metals needed for EV batteries. Speculation of an impending lithium supply crunch is rife, with soaring demand and a doubling of prices over the past two years. But is this just a bump on the road or could these pessimistic forecasts come to pass? And what, if anything, can governments and companies do to ensure stable material supplies, clearing the path to the EV revolution?
ZURICH -- FIFA says the top seeds in the 2014 World Cup groups will be hosted Brazil and the seven best-ranked teams in the October standings.
Brazil and the seven best-ranked teams will be the top seeds at the 2014 World Cup.
Friday's decision by FIFA's executive committee means Belgium and Colombia -- which did not qualify for the 2010 World Cup -- are almost assured of being seeded in the Dec. 6 draw. It also means that England are set to drop out of the seeds for this tournament.
The current top seven teams are Spain, Argentina, Germany, Italy, Colombia, Belgium and Uruguay. Brazil is ranked No. 8.
The other draw pots will be determined by "geographic and sports criteria."
FIFA originally planned to agree on a seeding method just before the draw in Salvador de Bahia.
But it has opted for a simple reference to its world rankings rather than also weigh teams' performances at previous World Cups.
The next rankings are published on Oct. 17.
As for construction progress in Brazil, The stadium that will host the World Cup opener in São Paulo just had goalposts installed. Organizers in the city of Cuiaba are still trying to find a supplier for the seats for their venue.
With less than three months to go before the December deadline established by FIFA for the delivery of the 12 World Cup stadiums, Brazil is working to have all venues ready in time. Local organizers say they'll meet it, but some recent setbacks have prompted concern.
Of the six stadiums yet to be delivered, five were less than 90 percent completed by September, according to the most recent government numbers. The other six venues were ready before this year's Confederations Cup -- just barely.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Vicky Pryce battered her ex-husband Chris Huhne so badly he needs make-up to cover a black eye, a court heard today.
Pryce, a former government economist, was so angry about their marriage split she punched Huhne twice in the face, jurors were told.
She also dragged him through a window in an attack witnessed by "the whole Crescent" at the family home in Clapham.
Pryce also feared that the former Environment Secretary had hacked her phone, bugged the house and hacked her emails after the split with Huhne, said part-time judge Constance Briscoe.
Ms Briscoe, who is accused of lying to the police, said Pryce blamed Huhne's "sexuality" for the breakdown.
She wanted to tell the press that he had had relationships with men before they got married, jurors were told.
The court also heard that it had been claimed that Huhne had given Pryce a sexual infection when he was a Lib Dem Euro MP before his Westminster career.
Pryce was furious Huhne had "run off with a man" when he left her for bisexual PR consultant Carina Trimingham, said Briscoe.
Giving evidence in her own defence from the witness box, Briscoe described the "double punch-up, black-eye episode".
"She also dragged hin through a window, I saw it, in fact the whole crescent saw it," she said.
"Vicky gave him quite a few good punches and they landed well and he had to cover it up because he was on the telly all the time."
Briscoe said she had advised Pryce to "give an exclusive" to the press as therapy to help deal with the marriage breakdown in 2010.
Pryce had told her in 2003 that Huhne had pressed her [Pryce] to take his penalty points for speeding and save him from a driving ban.
Briscoe said she considered Huhne "a hypocrite and liar" who should explain himself "in the public interest".
But Pryce wanted to take revenge on Huhne by doing "a grand exclusive" with the press "about the sex stuff".
"But she wanted an exclusive without naming herself and that was not going to happen," said Briscoe.
"She thought it would lower her reputation if she came out with that in relation to Chris and her children would think less of her by doing what she had in mind to their father."
At the end of 2010 the exclusive story faded when Pryce had unfulfilled hopes of a reconciliation with Huhne and in 2011 the press became more interested in the speeding points scandal.
When the scam broke in the press both Pryce and Huhne were arrested and were later both jailed for perverting the course of justice.
Briscoe, 56, of Clapham, has pleaded not guilty to three counts of perverting the course of justice.
She allegedly lied to police in two witness statements prepared for the Pryce/Huhne trial and then altered one of the statements.
She is also said to have supplied a wrong copy of the altered statement to an expert.
The case continues
MPs may have to vote on the Budget soon, but some Tories are already admitting publicly that it has fallen apart after IDS's resignation.
Senior Tory MP David Davis was on BBC 2's Victoria Derbyshire show and admitted it had “fallen apart”
We all listened to the Budget, and at first sight it sounded like a good Budget, you know, and we went out and defended it.
And then you sort of start picking the details apart and then it falls apart.
That's a pretty brave admission.
Watch
Tory MP: Budget has fallen apartWow! Senior Tory David Davis MP admits on BBC 2 that the Budget has fallen apart. Posted by Political Scrapbook on Monday, 21 March 2016
So… are Tories going to vote for a Budget they admit isn't viable?
So MPs will this week be voting on a Budget with a £4bn hole in it… I think that's unprecedented, but let me check — Faisal Islam (@faisalislam) March 21, 2016
Today, Cameron also said he had “full confidence” in Osborne continuing as Chancellor.
We all know what that means
If you caught tonight's episode of Sons of Anarchy on FX, you witnessed the inevitable death of a major character. Fortunately, EW was on the set of the actor's last day to snag an exclusive interview.
But first, a spoiler alert! Don't read beyond the jump if you haven't watched the gut-wrenching episode.
Clay Morrow may have deserved to die, but there probably isn't a fan who was completely eager to see the big guy go — Ron Perlman was that good at playing the ruthless ex-president of SAMCRO. “As much as people say that they want Clay dead, they don't want Clay dead,” creator Kurt Sutter told EW. “They want to see it be complicated. They want to see how Gemma feels about betraying Clay. They want to see how Juice feels about betraying. They want to see that play out even though they, in their gut, they know the guy should be dead.” (For more from Sutter about Clay's passing, click here.)
EW met up with Perlman on his final day of production to talk about his shocking scene, the past six seasons, and what's next for his career.
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: Were you told at the beginning of the season about your impending death?
RON PERLMAN: Yeah. There was not a whole lot that was shared in terms of how it would play out. I've always been a fan of not knowing, of getting the scripts and dealing with what I see when I see it. So I was okay with not knowing what it was going to look like. Kurt Sutter did mention that Clay would be seeking some sort of personal redemption. I didn't know how that was going to play out, whether it was going to be a material kind where he was given back some of the things that were taken from him or just a spiritual kind, where he was going to commit some sort of act of self-sacrifice.
Were you surprised to die this season?
I'm playing Claudius, and Claudius doesn't make it to Act 5. So I was ready for this. If it's an examination of power, you have to see the new king when he's not mirrored by the resonances of the old king. You have to see what he does when he stands alone in the world. And as long as Clay is around, he can't do that.
Do you think Kurt made a mistake by talking openly about how the drama was inspired by Hamlet? It almost made it easy to predict your death this season.
Anything you're going to assume about Sons of Anarchy is pure speculation. We've already seen that Hamlet is the superstructure … the guy who kills the king and marries the queen and takes over the crown. The stepson who's trying to put all this together with the help of these voices that are visiting him in the form of the manuscript. But we've already broken many, many of the patterns of Hamlet itself. Now that I've reached the end of my cycle, I actually think the thing that fascinates Kurt the most is the examination of the corruptible nature of power. No matter what you set out to do and no matter how purely you set out to reinvent, you make the same mistakes your forebears made. When you put on that crown, some sh– happens and it ain't pretty and it ain't ordered and it almost controls you. I wouldn't be surprised if the seventh season is going to really shine a light on the price that Jax Teller plays, simply because he's risen to this level of power.
What's it like around the set when someone dies?
It's a very traditional right of passage. There's mourning. When the dynamic of a family is asked to change, people scratch their heads. Is this necessary? People get very sad, a little frustrated. Sometimes people go, who's next? There's an examination of how we're all just passing through here. You have to cherish every moment because we're already in rarefied air that we've made it this far.
Did you have a wish on how you wanted to die?
I just wanted it to be connected to something completely unselfish. This is a sociopathic world. We're not nice guys. We're outlaws. We're ruthless.
What do you think Gemma was thinking while she saw Clay getting gunned down?
She's got to be harboring some feelings of guilt. She's responsible for all of this. She's the one who tagged Clay to kill John Teller. Everybody knows it. And he's going out, looking at her going, I love you. I'm not mad at you. I wouldn't change a thing. That's the redemption. I'm not mad at you after all this. You're the only thing that matters.
Talk about Clay's state of mind this season.
I've lost everything except my life. I've lost Gemma. I've lost the club. I've lost every friend I ever made. I've lost all my material, earthly goods. Every single thing that I spent my entire life working to obtain has been taken from me except for my life. So that puts you in some sort of contemplative state …. I always wanted to play a hero. I always wanted to find, no matter how nefarious, no matter how dark, no matter how questionable the things that Clay did were, I always needed to think that I was playing a hero.
Hero? You beat up Gemma! What do you recall of that scene?
That was difficult. Physical violence between a man and woman is very hard for me to play. When I had to kill Piney … you know, Ron didn't want to kill Bill Lucking but Clay had to kill Piney. That was one of those days you just — God give me the strength to get though this when all I want to do is give this guy a hug. The scene where Ryan realizes that I've killed his father, comes to get me and actually shoots me twice. That was a really difficult day because Ryan Hurst was so in the zone and he was so angry and so hurt. Also, Clay could have died right there because that was Opie's objective. That was a very big challenge to shoot.
You were pretty vocal last season about how Kurt had written Clay.
I started to have trouble with the stuff that I was being asked to do because I couldn't find a way that I can justify it to myself. I had to resign myself to playing this guy in a detached way. Looking back in hindsight, I've come up with this treatise: Clay lost his way because he was in a position where the pressure got to him and he started blurring the lines on a daily basis between right and wrong until wrong and right almost looked the same. He was completely on his own. What can he do to put his house in order and return back to the guy who became the leader? He was a guy that knew how to think for everybody else and was ruthless enough to carry out whatever one needed to carry out in a violent outlaw world. That was his job.
What has this show meant to your career?
I don't know. I made some friends that are lifelong that I will carry with me to the end of my days. So it's been really good.
Were you part of the off-camera brotherhood that formed?
There were a lot of drunken evenings in bars with the boys that sit around the table. Some of the best nights of my life, especially in the first three or four seasons, before it all started to splinter off. But I'm 63 and all the other guys are in their 20s, 30s, 40s. So, I'm a different generation. I was always Clay Morrow, the asshole in the club. So it was always the boss against the workers. But those five … Kim Coates, Theo Rossi, Charlie Hunnam, Mark Boone Junior, Tommy Flanagan … we've been partying, officiating at each others weddings, kissing each others babies when they're born. A lot of water has gone under this bridge and we really, really, really like each other a lot, as much as I've ever liked a company of guys.
Are you taking anything from the set?
Just the memories. I don't want a thing. I have never taken anything. I've taken a couple of things from movies. I tried to steal the shoes from Pacific Rim because they were the coolest f–kin' shoes anybody's ever seen. They wouldn't let me keep them. They were made out of gold. They were actually made out of gold.
So how does it feel saying goodbye?
I feel really proud of who I was in this whole cockamamie caravan. It's been a little bit of a journey coming to full peace with the fact that I'm having to say an early good-bye. I mean I'm there. I'm already about 700 miles down the road in terms of what's next for me. So, I'm incredibly excited about what lies ahead. And, I'm very proud of what we've left here. I'm very proud of it.
What's your fondest memory?
I remember the chapel scenes. When I'm sitting on my rocking chair in the old age home and all the other actors are sitting there thinking about great moments in their lives, I'll be thinking about the chapel scenes with Tig on my right and Jax on my left, me at the head of the table where I'm smoking cigars and we're making plans, kicking ass and taking names. That's what I'm gonna remember about the show because that , to me, was quintessential Sons of Anarchy.
HOUSTON (Reuters) - BP Plc on Tuesday said it will donate net revenues from oil recovered from its stricken Gulf of Mexico oil well to restore wildlife habitats on the coastlines of four affected Gulf Coast states.
Lightly oiled Brown Pelican chicks wait in a pen to be cleaned at a rescue center facility set up by the International Bird Rescue Research Center in Fort Jackson, Louisiana June 7, 2010. REUTERS/Sean Gardner
“BP is committed to protecting the ecosystems and wildlife on the Gulf Coast,” BP Chief Executive Tony Hayward said in a statement.
He said proceeds from the sale of oil recovered from the seven-week-old leak a mile beneath the water's surface “will be used to further this commitment.”
The possibility that BP might profit from sales of oil collected from the leak has fueled criticism toward the company.
John Hofmeister, former president of Royal Dutch Shell's U.S. operations and author of “Why We Hate The Oil Companies” said BP's plan was appropriate.
“It's a diminimous amount relative to the total BP daily oil production, but symbolically, under the circumstances, it's the right thing to do,” Hofmeister said.
BP's seabed oil collection efforts have brought in more than 73,000 barrels (3.06 million gallons/11.6 million liters).
Of that, 22,000 barrels (924,000 gallons/3.5 million liters) came from a tube inserted into a leaking pipe last month. That pipe was sheared from seabed equipment at the wellhead last week, and a containment cap placed atop its remnants has collected more than 51,000 barrels (2.1 million gallons/8.1 million liters) so far, according to BP.
At Tuesday's closing price of $71.99 for U.S. crude futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange, 73,000 barrels would sell for about $5.2 million.
That is a small fraction of BP's daily global production of 4 million barrels a day in the first quarter of 2010.
A smaller fraction would be oil collected by skimming operations, which has reached about 368,000 barrels of oily water so far. BP spokesman Jon Pack said that as gathered, the oily water is taken to various Gulf Coast refineries to separate water from the oil so it can be processed.
Pack couldn't say how much skimmed oil has been separated from water.
BP doesn't own all the oil. Its partners, Anadarko Petroleum Corp and Japanese trading house Mitsui & Co Ltd own 25 percent and 10 percent, respectively. They would be owed proceeds on their portion of any sales.
Also, 8.7 percent of sales are owed to the U.S. government in royalties, Pack said.
The net revenue BP would donate to habitat protection and restoration would be its portion of the sales, he said.
BP has spent more than $1 billion so far on the overall response to the spill, from sea to shore, including efforts to rehabilitate oiled wildlife.
For the second time in 2016, the US men's national team lost 4-0. Except this time it wasn't with a depleted squad against the genius of Lionel Messi and the almost irresistible attack of Argentina. This time, rather, it was against a disciplined yet unspectacular Costa Rica team. This time the Yanks were at close to full strength. This time there was no opposing genius flitting through the US lines, just an opposition XI working together as one.
And this time it wasn't in the semifinals of the Copa America, a game that the US played with house money – they'd already made it as far as could've been expected, right?
No, this time was in the crucible of World Cup qualification. This time it came in the aftermath of the USMNT's first-ever loss in Columbus, and the first home loss to Mexico since 1972. This time it was 4-0 against a Costa Rican side that the US had pounded by that exact same scoreline this summer.
And this time there was nobody playing with house money. For the US, it looked at times like there was nobody playing at all:
The #USMNT is just being embarrassed, outclassed, outworked, and blown off the field. #USAvCRC — Brian Sciaretta (@BrianSciaretta) November 16, 2016
I can find nothing in that sentiment to disagree with.
I can also find almost nothing in the game to analyze. Jurgen Klinsmann will no doubt talk about lost challenges, and to be fair Montreal Impact reserve Johan Venegas repeatedly took John Brooks to the cleaners, while Whitecaps midfielder Christian Bolanos did the same to Timothy Chandler any time there was a 1v1 (just let's marinate in that reality a little bit, shall we?).
Ah sure, here's a highlight:
Costa Rica are, as I said, an unspectacular team. But they're well-coached, and they knew what they wanted to do: Bury the ball down in that right corner and isolate against left back Matt Besler (who's not a left back), which would then pull the whole US backline apart, while forcing the midfield deeper.
And so they did it, and it all transpired according to their design, and Klinsmann never adjusted, and the players never rose to the challenge.
And now the US are 0-2-0 to start the Hexagonal, and sit dead last. The next game isn't until March, and there'll be plenty to think about, talk about, and maybe – for once – plan for in the intervening months.
A few more things to ponder...
5. The US under Klinsmann are pathologically averse to building through central midfield:
Jones/Bradley *attempted* 32 passes between them in the first half.
*puts on Chopin, swishes wine*
This, friends, is how you proactive. — Will Parchman (@WillParchman) November 16, 2016
4. I don't, for the life of me, understand taking Christian Pulisic off with the score at 2-0 Costa Rica and 20 minutes left. Pulisic wasn't great but he certainly looked the likeliest of any Yank to create a goal.
3. Jones had perhaps his worst game in Red, White and Blue. It's not surprising given his fitness – he missed four months, then played 84 minutes 10 days ago, played 90 minutes on Friday, and was moving like he had to drag an elephant carcass around with him through his 71 minutes on Tuesday.
Roster management has never been Klinsmann's strong suit, and neither has workload management.
2. At least Lynden Gooch is cap-tied. I'm still not sold on him being an international level player, but we should get the chance to find out.
1. And here's what the hole we're in looks like:
Teams to lose their first two Hex games:
2018 #USMNT
2018 T&T
2006 T&T (qualified!)
2002 T&T — Paul Carr (@PCarrESPN) November 16, 2016
Bad company. But it's been done before, and it can be done again.
If not, the butcher's bill will be failure to qualify for Russia 2018 and an entire World Cup cycle punted into the ether.
A journalist has obtained a document presented by the Ministry of Transportation to Commission V on Tuesday ( 20/01/2015 ) night which shows the last minutes based on radar data .
A journalist has obtained a document presented by the Ministry of Transportation to Commission V on Tuesday ( 20/01/2015 ) night which shows the last minutes based on radar data , as follows :
Detik News reports that there was some difficulty in relocating the fuselage. Sidescan sonar was used and the fuselage was discovered "a few centimeters" from the last reported coordinates. This highlights the difficulties faced by the divers: quite apart from the strong currents, visibility is very poor due to silt and sand stirred up by the weather and currents. Furthermore: parts of the plane tend to get buried by sand and silt.Detik News reports that the fuselage is upright but the bottom part appears to be gone, as also parts of the wing. The wreckage is 24 meters long, 8 meters wide and 3 meters high. It is at a depth of 30 meters and is 3,400 meters from the location of the now removed tail section. In the fuselage, Navy divers found 6 bodies. Diving has again been suspended due to inclement weather.Source article (Indonesian language) - Detik.com (Other news sources report that the bodies were found near the fuselage.)Image source: Detik News Jakarta - Transportation Minister Ignatius Jonan said the AirAsia plane ascended rapidly for 1 minute, then descended and disappeared. What was the actual maximum altitude that the AirAsia plane achieved and how was that altitude lost?23: 16: 11.577 (UTC / GMT, WIB +7)Flight Level (FL) 320 or 32 thousand feet23: 16: 33.882Still at FL 320 or 32 thousand feetBegan to climb to FL 321 or 32.1 thousand feet23:17: 43.210At an unknown position AirAsia reached max. alt. at FL 373.5 or 37.35 thousand feet.23: 19: 46.352AirAsia altitude last detected at FL 240 or 24 thousand feetFrom the above chart, we can see that AirAsia ascended from an altitude of 32,100 feet to an altitude of 37,350 feet: it gained 5,250 feet in just 41.4211 seconds.The graphic was presented by MOC Jonan, which he stated originated from radar data. In a working meeting with the House of Representatives, Jonan said recent ATC data reveals that QZ8501 the fated plane suddenly experienced a high rate of climb to a height of 6,000 feet and a sudden descent then disappeared."It's not normal to climb so fast as it is very rare for commercial aircraft, which usually climb only as much as 1,000 to 2,000 feet per minute. This can only be done by a jet fighter," said Jonan, according to the BBC. "It can only be done by a fighter jet." Today, Jonan confirmed this. But he insisted he did not mention 'stall' as to the conditions experienced by the AirAsia plane."I did not explain it as a stall, if you fall, you definitely fall. If you do not stall you certainly do not fall. So as I have already explained, the aircraft climbed several feet in one minute continuously and afterwards fell, yes the plane definitely went down," said Jonan as confirmed again in a statement at the meeting of Commission V of the House on Tuesday (20/01/2015) yesterday evening on AirAsia's sudden and rapid rise and fall.This data submitted MOC Jonan is a new fact. Previously, elevation data obtained from AirNav QZ8501 AirAsia Indonesia, showed the last known altitude as 32 thousand feet or FL 320. At that time, the AirAsia plane requested a climb to an altitude of 34 thousand feet.Here's the last minutes in the loss of this aircraft presented by AirNav AirAsia Indonesia on December 31, 2014:At 06:12 pmAirAsia requested deviation to the left of 7 miles and a climb. At that moment, the ATC immediately responded by allowing AirAsia to deviate to the left as far as 7 miles. As to height, ATC asked the pilot to maintain current height at the level of 32 thousand feet."Roger, AirAsia QZ8501," the pilot responded with his callsign according to ATC directives, as announced by the Director of Safety and Standard AirNav Indonesia Vishnu Darjono, Tuesday (12/30/2014).When the ATC saw 7 planes passing around AirAsia, ATC determined a safe distance before deciding to grant permission for AirAsia to climb.At 6:12 to 6:14 pm"During the 2 minutes after the QZ8501 request, we (ATC) measured the distances to first secure a new permit ride height," said Vishnu.Vishnu explained that the safe distance for a ride height that is within 10 miles of another plane. And, at the same time, there were three other aircraft that fly Air Asia QZ8501 inline with the M-635 in the path of the Emirates 406, 502 Air Asia, Air Asia 550."Based on the radar that we have, on average, a safe distance of approximately 10 miles from the other plane is a safe distance so as not to collide with another plane," he explained."Every day about 140 to 160 planes are flying on airway M635," he continued.At 06:14 pmATC attempted to contact the AirAsia aircraft to allow a climb to 34 thousand feet from 32 thousand feet. However, AirAsia did not respond. ATC calleed AirAsia 8 times, with no response.At 06:17 pmAirAsia appeared in ADS-B signals until 6:18 pm, when AirAsia completely disappeared from the radar.Translated from the Indonesian source at Detik News Air Asia 8501 - Some Factual Information - includes translation ofBy: Prof. Edvin Aidrian, Ferdika Proverbs, Jose Rizal, KadarsahAir Asia flight 8501 did not: iton impact with the water.
Mission Reports
For 12 years, Spaceflight Now has been providing unrivaled coverage of U.S. space launches. Comprehensive reports and voluminous amounts of video are available in our archives.
Space Shuttle
Atlas | Delta | Pegasus
Minotaur | Taurus | Falcon
Titan
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest space news e-mailed direct to your desktop.
Enter your e-mail address:
Privacy note: your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose.
Advertisement
Space Books
Upgraded Canadarm could be vital for future exploration
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted: October 4, 2012
A next-generation robotic arm with finer dexterity and lighter materials will be required for planned exploration missions to deep space, asteroids and Mars, according to Canadian officials who unveiled new robotics concepts last week.
Engineers have assembled this prototype for a next-generation Canadarm. Credit: CSA
Made of lightweight composite materials, the next-generation Canadarm will be able to fit inside a minivan, according to Canadian space officials. The Canadian Space Agency showed off prototypes of future robotic arms Sept. 27. The concepts were developed over three years with $53 million in funding from a 2009 economic stimulus package passed by the Canadian government. MDA Corp. built a 49-foot prototype telescoping arm for use in human spaceflight and a smaller 8.4-foot arm with the ability to refuel satellites and repair components in space. The large, telescoping arm can be stowed to fit on commercial spaceships and NASA's Orion crew capsule, according to Gilles Leclerc, the Canadian Space Agency's director-general for space exploration. According to Leclerc, the arm could be used to assemble habitats in deep space or help astronauts exploring destinations such as asteroids. The smaller arm would build on technology on Canada's Dextre robot, a two-armed device used to install experiments, work on electronics, and demonstrate satellite refueling procedures outside the International Space Station. NASA and CSA have not agreed on what role Canadian robotics will have on future exploration missions, but top officials in both agencies have discussed collaboration, Leclerc said in an interview with Spaceflight Now. "Regardless of future space destinations, space robotics will be required for a variety of missions, from rovers that act as robotic planetary explorers to robots that will repair and refuel satellites and space telescopes," Leclerc said. "No matter the mission, Canada will be ready." Canada provided robot arms - or Canadarms - to fly on the space shuttle, and a 58-foot manipulator named Canadarm 2 is on the space station with the Dextre robot. "Like all Canadians, I am proud of the iconic Canadarm, that served the space shuttle program for three decades, as well as the next-generation Canadarm, which will further Canada's legacy of excellence in space robotics," said Gary Goodyear, Canada's minister of state for science and technology. The Canadian government also earmarked 2009 stimulus funds to develop rover technology to be used on the moon and Mars, according to Leclerc.
One hundred and fifty years ago, on April 12, 1861, the first shots of the Civil War were fired. A century and a half later, the issue of race still haunts us.
Back then, most everyone understood that America's bloodiest war -- more than 623,000 dead -- had its roots in race. But race is not a subject Americans like to think about anymore. At every turn, prominent voices try to pretend that since we've achieved a colorblind society, we can forget all that old unpleasantness.
Indeed, some -- including Virginia Gov. Robert F. McDonnell, when he proclaimed Confederate History Month last April -- have tried to pretend that the Civil War wasn't really about slavery, just "states' rights." Such willful ignorance tosses aside the fact that the right the Confederate states fought to preserve was the right to own other human beings -- human beings whose skin was black.
Electing a black president was seen by some as proof that we've put all that behind us, but the race-baiting started even before President Obama's inauguration. It's ranged from the relatively subtle (books from right-wing scholars tracing the "rage" of this almost preternaturally calm president to a "Kenyan anti-colonial" worldview) to the downright crude (depictions of Obama in African tribal dress, with a bone through his nose).
And when someone points this out, what happens? The "race is not an issue" crowd howls about "playing the race card." So last year, when the NAACP condemned "racist elements" within the tea party movement, U.S. News and World Report columnist Peter Roff compared the group to infamous segregationists Lester Maddox and "Bull" Connor. Pundit George Will called the resolution "left-wing McCarthyism."
So apparently the folks depicting Obama with a bone through his nose aren't racist, but those calling them out are. Somewhere, George Orwell is smiling.
The unfortunate truth is that race does still matter in American society. While civil rights laws got rid of the most overt segregation, the effects of our nation's long history of discrimination -- against not only African-Americans but also Latinos, Asians, Native Americans and others -- are still vividly apparent in communities of color. Compared to whites, people of color remain far more likely to be unemployed, to have little or no accumulated wealth and savings, and far less likely to own their own home, to pick a few obvious indicators.
Current and proposed policies will only exacerbate these differences. Congress recently gave the very rich an $11.5 billion-a-year break on estate taxes, while pending budget cuts threaten assistance that helps the poor feed their families and keep the heat on during cold winter months.
In his second inaugural address, President Lincoln urged America to "bind up the nation's wounds," and do so "with malice toward none; with charity for all." A century and a half later, we would do well to heed his words. So far, we haven't quite managed it.
Orson Aguilar is executive director of The Greenlining Institute, www.greenlining.org. He can be reached at pmproj@progressive.org.
2017 FIFA U-17 World Cup Official logo Tournament details Host country India Dates 6–28 October Teams 24 (from 6 confederations) Venue(s) 6 (in 6 host cities) Final positions Champions England (1st title) Runners-up Spain Third place Brazil Fourth place Mali Tournament statistics Matches played 52 Goals scored 183 (3.52 per match) Attendance 1,347,133 (25,906 per match) Top scorer(s) Rhian Brewster (8 goals) Best player(s) Phil Foden Best goalkeeper Fair play award Brazil 2015 2019 →
The 2017 FIFA U-17 World Cup was the 17th FIFA U-17 World Cup, a biennial international football tournament contested by men's under-17 national teams. Organized by FIFA, the tournament took place in India between 6 and 28 October 2017, after the country was awarded the hosting rights on 5 December 2013. The tournament marked the first time India have hosted a FIFA tournament and the first Asian country to host U-17 World Cup since 2013. The attendance for this World Cup was a record 1,347,133 surpassing China's record in 1985 with 1,230,976.
The matches were played in six stadiums in six host cities around the country, with the final taking place at the Salt Lake Stadium in Kolkata, West Bengal. Twenty-three teams, besides the host India, managed to qualify for the tournament via participating in their various continental under-17 tournaments. In the first round of the tournament finals, the teams competed in round-robin groups of four for points, where the top two teams in each group along with the top four third placed teams would advance to the next round. These 16 teams will advance to the knockout stage, where three rounds of play will decide which teams would participate in the final.
The reigning FIFA U-17 World Cup champions, Nigeria, did not have the opportunity to defend their title after failing to qualify for this edition. In failing to qualify, Nigeria became the first incumbent titleholder since Switzerland in 2009 to fail to qualify for the subsequent edition.
England won the U-17 World Cup for the first time after coming back from a two-goal deficit and beating Spain 5–2 in the final.[1] This meant England became the second nation, after Brazil in 2003, to win both of FIFA's under-age (U-20 and U-17) World Cup tournaments in the same calendar year.[2][3] England has also become the third country, after Brazil and North Korea, to win both U-17 and U-20 World Cup in their respective gender tournaments on the same year, as North Korea had also won both U-17 and U-20 Women's World Cup last year. The Official Match Ball of the Tournament is Adidas Krasava.[4]
Host selection [ edit ]
The bids for the 2017 FIFA U-17 World Cup had to be submitted by 15 November 2013.[5] On 28 May 2013 it was announced by FIFA that Azerbaijan, India, Republic of Ireland, and Uzbekistan would bid for the hosting rights.[6]
Finally, on 5 December 2013, FIFA announced that India had won the 2017 FIFA World Cup hosting rights.[7]
Qualified teams [ edit ]
As host, India made their first ever appearance at the FIFA U-17 World Cup and their first appearance in the World Cup at any age level.[8] As well as India, New Caledonia and Niger also made their first appearance in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.[9]
The previous U-17 World Cup titleholders, Nigeria, failed to qualify for this edition. In failing to qualify, Nigeria became the first nation since Switzerland in 2009 to fail to qualify for the next edition of the FIFA U-17 World Cup after winning the previous edition.[10]
A total of 24 teams qualified for the final tournament. In addition to India, the other 23 teams qualified from six separate continental competitions. Starting from 2017, the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) will receive an additional spot (in total two spots), while UEFA will have five instead of six spots.[11]
Organization [ edit ]
Preparation [ edit ]
The six venues selected for the tournament were given major renovations prior to the FIFA U-17 World Cup.[12] All the stadiums were given new bucket seats, new dressing rooms, new evacuation exits for fans, and new training grounds.[12] Javier Ceppi, the Local Organising Committee director, stated that despite work starting slowly, things eventually became quicker. "It has been a long process in the last two and half years. In India, it takes time to start things but once things start it kind of picks its own pace and in terms of implementation I always say that India is a very good country when it comes to implementation."[13]
Emblem [ edit ]
The official emblem for the tournament was launched on 27 September 2016 at a hotel in Goa during the 2016 AFC U-16 Championship.[14] According to the press release from FIFA the emblem was designed "as a celebration of the country's richness and diversity of cultures, with the main elements of the Indian Ocean, the banyan tree, the kite and the starburst, which is an interpretation of the Ashoka Chakra, an integral part of the national identity."[14]
Tickets [ edit ]
Sales of tickets for the FIFA U-17 World Cup began on 16 May 2017 during a function in New Delhi. Carles Puyol was present during the ticket sales launch as special guest.[15] General ticket sales officially began on 17 May 2017 at 19:11. The time was selected as a tribute to when Mohun Bagan defeated East Yorkshire Regiment in the IFA Shield in 1911, marking the first time an Indian football club defeated a British side in British India.[15] Tickets for the tournament were sold in four phases: Phase one only sold tickets for categories 1 to 3 at each venue with a 60% discount while phase two allowed people to buy tickets for all categories, but only if you are a Visa cardholder, at a 50% discount. Phase three allowed anyone to buy tickets with a 25% discount while phase four had tickets at full price.[16] The attendance for matches breached the million mark in the final match of the Round of 16, which made India only the third nation after China and Mexico to register an attendance of over a million for the event.[17] On 28 October 2017, in the 3rd place match-up between Brazil and Mali, India finally beat the existing record of 1,230,976 set in the 1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship edition in China[18] The final attendance figures were 1,347,133.
Venues [ edit ]
After being awarded the hosting rights for the FIFA U-17 World Cup, eight locations were shortlisted: Bangalore, Guwahati, Kochi, Kolkata, Margao, Navi Mumbai, New Delhi and Pune.[19]On 29 May 2015, Kochi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Guwahati were provisionally selected as host locations and was informed two more would be provisionally approved from the list of Bengaluru, Chennai, Goa, New Delhi and Pune .[20] On 27 October 2016, FIFA officially announced Guwahati, Kochi, Kolkata, Margao, Navi Mumbai and New Delhi as the official host cities for the FIFA U-17 World Cup.[21]
Draw [ edit ]
The draw for the FIFA U-17 World Cup was held on 7 July 2017 in Mumbai.[23] The draw was attended by former U-17 World Cup champions Nwankwo Kanu (Nigeria) and Esteban Cambiasso (Argentina), as well as India senior international Sunil Chhetri and badminton player P. V. Sindhu.[23]
The 24 teams were drawn into six groups of four teams, with hosts India being allocated to position A1.[24] The rest of the teams were allocated into their respective pots based on a ranking which was built according to past performances during the last five FIFA U-17 World Cups.[24] Importance was given to the most recent U-17 World Cups.[24]
Referees [ edit ]
FIFA's Referees' Committee selected 21 referees, representing all six confederations, to officiate at the U-17 World Cup: Seven from UEFA, four from CONMEBOL, three each from the AFC, CAF, and CONCACAF, and one from the OFC.[25] No referee from host country India were selected to officiate.[25]
Squads [ edit ]
Each team's squad for the FIFA U-17 World Cup will consist of 21 players. Each participating national association had to confirm their final 21-player squad by 21 September 2017. A total of 504 players will be participating in the tournament. The squads were announced by FIFA on 26 September 2017.[27][28]
Group stage [ edit ]
The top two teams of each group and the four best third-placed teams advance to the round of 16. The rankings of teams in each group are determined as follows (regulations Article 17.7):[29]
points obtained in all group matches; goal difference in all group matches; number of goals scored in all group matches;
If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings are determined as follows:
points obtained in the group matches between the teams concerned; goal difference in the group matches between the teams concerned; number of goals scored in the group matches between the teams concerned; fair play points: first yellow card: minus 1 point;
indirect red card (second yellow card): minus 3 points;
direct red card: minus 4 points;
yellow card and direct red card: minus 5 points; drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee.
All times are local, IST (UTC+5:30).[30]
Group A [ edit ]
Pos Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 Ghana 3 2 0 1 5 1 +4 6 Knockout stage 2 Colombia 3 2 0 1 5 3 +2 6 3 United States 3 2 0 1 5 3 +2 6 4 India (H) 3 0 0 3 1 9 −8 0
Group B [ edit ]
Pos Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 Paraguay 3 3 0 0 10 5 +5 9 Knockout stage 2 Mali 3 2 0 1 8 4 +4 6 3 New Zealand 3 0 1 2 4 8 −4 1 4 Turkey 3 0 1 2 2 7 −5 1
Group C [ edit ]
Pos Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 Iran 3 3 0 0 10 1 +9 9 Knockout stage 2 Germany 3 2 0 1 5 6 −1 6 3 Guinea 3 0 1 2 4 8 −4 1 4 Costa Rica 3 0 1 2 3 7 −4 1
Group D [ edit ]
Pos Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 Brazil 3 3 0 0 6 1 +5 9 Knockout stage 2 Spain 3 2 0 1 7 2 +5 6 3 Niger 3 1 0 2 1 6 −5 3 4 North Korea 3 0 0 3 0 5 −5 0
Group E [ edit ]
Pos Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 France 3 3 0 0 14 3 +11 9 Knockout stage 2 Japan 3 1 1 1 8 4 +4 4 3 Honduras 3 1 0 2 7 11 −4 3 4 New Caledonia 3 0 1 2 2 13 −11 1
Group F [ edit ]
Pos Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 England 3 3 0 0 11 2 +9 9 Knockout stage 2 Iraq 3 1 1 1 4 5 −1 4 3 Mexico 3 0 2 1 3 4 −1 2 4 Chile 3 0 1 2 0 7 −7 1
Ranking of third-placed teams [ edit ]
The four best teams among those ranked third are determined as follows (regulations Article 17.7):[29]
points obtained in all group matches; goal difference in all group matches; number of goals scored in all group matches; fair play points; drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee.
Pos Grp Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 A United States 3 2 0 1 5 3 +2 6 Knockout stage 2 E Honduras 3 1 0 2 7 11 −4 3 3 D Niger 3 1 0 2 1 6 −5 3 4 F Mexico 3 0 2 1 3 4 −1 2 5 B New Zealand 3 0 1 2 4 8 −4 1[a] 6 C Guinea 3 0 1 2 4 8 −4 1[a]
a b Ranked by disciplinary points (New Zealand: –6 pts; Guinea: –9 pts).
Combinations of matches in the Round of 16
The specific match-ups involving the third-placed teams depend on which four third-placed teams qualified for the round of 16:[29]
Combination according to the four qualified teams
Third-placed teams
qualify from groups 1A
vs 1B
vs 1C
vs 1D
vs A B C D 3C 3D 3A 3B A B C E 3C 3A 3B 3E A B C F 3C 3A 3B 3F A B D E 3D 3A 3B 3E A B D F 3D 3A 3B 3F A B E F 3E 3A 3B 3F A C D E 3C 3D 3A 3E A C D F 3C 3D 3A 3F A C E F 3C 3A 3F 3E A D E F 3D 3A 3F 3E B C D E 3C 3D 3B 3E B C D F 3C 3D 3B 3F B C E F 3E 3C 3B 3F B D E F 3E 3D 3B 3F C D E F 3C 3D 3F 3E
Knockout stage [ edit ]
In the knockout stages, if a match is level at the end of normal playing time, no extra time shall be played and the winner shall be determined by a penalty shoot-out.[29]
Bracket [ edit ]
Round of 16 [ edit ]
Third place play-off [ edit ]
Final [ edit ]
Awards [ edit ]
The following awards were given at the conclusion of the tournament.[34]
Final ranking [ edit ]
Rank Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts 1 England 7 6 1 0 23 6 +17 19 2 Spain 7 5 0 2 17 10 +7 15 3 Brazil 7 6 0 1 14 5 +9 18 4 Mali 7 4 0 3 16 11 +5 12 Eliminated in the quarter-finals 5 Iran 5 4 0 1 13 5 +8 12 6 Ghana 5 3 0 2 8 3 +5 9 7 United States 5 3 0 2 11 7 +4 9 8 Germany 5 3 0 2 10 8 +2 9 Eliminated in the Round of 16 9 France 4 3 0 1 15 5 +10 9 10 Paraguay 4 3 0 1 10 10 0 9 11 Colombia 4 2 0 2 5 7 −2 6 12 Japan 4 1 2 1 8 4 +4 5 13 Iraq 4 1 1 2 5 10 −5 4 14 Honduras 4 1 0 3 7 14 −7 3 15 Niger 4 1 0 3 1 8 −7 3 16 Mexico 4 0 2 2 4 6 −2 2 Eliminated at the group stage 17 Guinea 3 0 1 2 4 8 −4 1 New Zealand 3 0 1 2 4 8 −4 1 19 Costa Rica 3 0 1 2 3 7 −4 1 20 Turkey 3 0 1 2 2 7 −5 1 21 Chile 3 0 1 2 0 7 −7 1 22 New Caledonia 3 0 1 2 2 13 −11 1 23 North Korea 3 0 0 3 0 5 −5 0 24 India 3 0 0 3 1 9 −8 0
Goalscorers [ edit ]
8 goals
6 goals
5 goals
4 goals
3 goals
2 goals
1 goal
1 own goal
2 own goals
Source: FIFA
Broadcasting [ edit ]
FIFA released the media licensing rights for the U-17 World Cup on 21 September 2017.[35] In India, the official broadcaster is Sony TEN and Sony ESPN.[36] In the United States, the tournament is being broadcast on Fox Sports 2 while the United Kingdom has the tournament broadcast on Eurosport.[37]
Legacy [ edit ]
The 2017 FIFA U-17 World Cup was regarded as a success by the media, FIFA and the tournament organisers.[38] Jaime Yarza, Head of FIFA Tournaments, said, "It's been a fantastic tournament with an overwhelming response of everybody involved. First and foremost, the fans have filled the stadiums in all the matches, showing fair play and respect, cheering on all the teams, and really loving the football they have seen. The figures speak for themselves: more than 1.2 million fans attended games at the stadiums. By the final matchday, we're probably going to break the [attendance] record of all the other U-17 World Cups and we might even break the record for the U-20 World Cup, which is an amazing achievement. It really shows that India is a footballing nation in every sense. The hard work put in place during so many years has received a great response from everybody. It has been a very proud moment for all of us."[39]
The tournament was the most attended and highest scoring edition of the FIFA U-17 World Cup in history. It was also the highest attended men's age-group World Cup ever, surpassing the attendance record of the FIFA U-20 World Cup. The attendance for this World Cup was a record 1,347,133 surpassing China's 1985 edition where it was 1,230,976, and the 2011 U-20 World Cup in Colombia which was attended by 1,309,929 people.[40]
The 177 goals scored during the tournament made it the highest scoring U-17 World Cup in history, surpassing the previous record of 172 during the 2013 edition in the United Arab Emirates. The 2017 FIFA U-17 World Cup also recorded the highest goal average of 3.40 per match since the tournament format was expanded from 16 teams to 24 teams in 2007.[40]
In September 2017, India submitted a bid to host the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup,[41] but lost to Poland.
Notes [ edit ]
Digital Painting - 14th April to 20th April, 2014
Originally 9000x6000 pixels 300dpi, downsized to 1280x853 pixels 72dpi
Adobe Photoshop CS6
Wacom Intuos 4
Total Time: 5 hours
Information on the Red Arrows:
A 'work in progress' for this painting can be seen here:
A 'work in progress' for this painting can be seen here:
This is my first finished piece this year, I'm trying to improve my time usage on projects and include more vibrant colours in my digital works. I love the Red Arrows and have wanted to theme a painting on them for a while.I used a really old untextured 3D model of the 'BAE Hawk T1' I made in Blender as perspective and placement reference for the planes to figure out how to best lay out my composition (the model can be seen in my work in progress image). The ground includes some texture taken from an image included in 'The Nature Academy' product by Andrew Price (purchased to be used commercially).Blender (Hawk Model and composition planning)
The battle over Jehovah's Witnesses in Russia Last April, Russia's Supreme Court banned Jehovah's Witnesses, which came as a blow to the freedom of religion. How the European Court of Human Rights rules on the many cases against Russia, will reveal much about the future of the Court's influence and the rule of law in the country.
On April 20th 2017, Russia's Supreme Court issued a ruling liquidating the administrative centre of Jehovah's Witnesses in Russia, as well as all of their 395 local religious organisations. The court ruling also authorises confiscation of all property belonging to the church and directs them to cease all activities. The decision was upheld on July 17th by the appellate chamber of the Supreme Court, and on August 17th the Ministry of Justice added the church to the list of banned extremist organisations.
By virtue of these official actions at the highest levels of the Russian government and its judicial system, the Witnesses have been effectively liquidated and banned throughout Russia. The 175,000 members of Witness congregations are thus subject to criminal charges for practising their faith.
What this means for members of Witness communities in Russia are unclear, but there have already been a number of actions taken by authorities in various parts of the country that have targeted the peaceful efforts of Witnesses to meet and share their faith with others. Moreover, some Russian citizens, emboldened by the official rhetoric, have taken vigilant, often violent, actions against individual Witnesses.
Fighting spiritual opposition
The court decision was based on the Ministry of Justice claim made on March 15th 2017 that the Witnesses are an extremist organisation and should, therefore, be liquidated. This designation has been widely criticised internationally and within Russia by those supportive of individual rights such as religious freedom.
The designation of the Witnesses as extremist is especially ironic given the church's official opposition to violence. It has long expressed strong support for conscientious objector status, which thanks to Witnesses' advocacy of alternative modes of serving their countries, has become the norm among many nations. However, the Russian government seems bent on forcing the Witnesses and a few other minority religious organisations to cease activities.
Few observers accept the claim that the Witnesses are an extremist organisation and in any way involved in activities that promote terrorism. This puzzling situation has led to much speculation about the real reasons for government's change of rhetoric. One prominent suggestion is that the Russian Orthodox Church has encouraged the actions as part of its campaign to deter groups that compete for the allegiance of Russian citizens or are otherwise critical of the dominant denomination.
The second idea is that the Witnesses developed within the United States and that the harassment is part of an anti-American campaign. Finally, according to yet another theory, the campaign against the Witnesses is an attempt to distract the populace from Russia's real economic and political problems, both at home and abroad.
Whatever the reasons behind the drastic action taken and sanctioned by Russian courts, the effects of the decision place Russia in an almost unique position in the international community of modern nations when it comes to constraining religious freedoms.
Russia and the European Court of Human Rights
The Supreme Court decision and other governmental actions taken against the Witnesses are being contested by both public opinion the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR).
The ECtHR is the judicial arm of the Council of Europe which was formed after the Second World War in an effort to deter violations of human and civil rights. Russia is a signatory to the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, which is the governing document for the Council of Europe, and thus is bound by its provisions.
Article 9 of the Convention guarantees freedom of thought, conscience and religion, which, according to the Witnesses, Russia regularly violates.
Since 1992, when Russia was accepted as the Council's member, the country has lost several major cases before the ECtHR, related to suppressing minority faiths. Jehovah's Witnesses have been very effective advocates of their rights and the rights of others before the ECtHR, having developed a strong winning record, including some victories in cases against Russia.
Currently, the ECtHR considers 32 cases involving Jehovah's Witnesses and Russia. This includes the case of the March 2nd 2016 warning, issued by the Prosecutor General's office to liquidate the Witnesses' administrative centre in the country.
The ECtHR is going to consider Russia's decision to deem Witnesses' literature and actions extremist as urgent, under Rule 41 of the Convention. Ten other cases concern raids on Witness congregations, out of which four deals with home searches and literature confiscation, and the other involve prosecution for evangelising and ban on religious literature.
How the ECtHR rules on the many cases against Russia, especially those concerning the church delegalisation, and how the Russian government responds to those rulings, will reveal much about the future of the Court's influence. It will also say a lot about the rule of law and religious freedoms in Russia.
James T. Richardson, JD, PhD, is emeritus foundation professor of sociology and judicial studies at the University of Nevada, Reno. His most recent publications include Regulating Religion: Case Studies from around the Globe (Kluwer, 2004), Saints under Siege: The Texas Raid on the Fundamentalist Latter Day Saints (with Stuart Wright, New York University Press, 2011), The Sociology of Shari'a: Case Studies from around the World (with Adam Possamai and Bryan Turner, Springer, 2014), and Legal Cases Involving New Religions and Minority Faiths (with Francois Bellanger, Ashgate, 2014). He can be contacted at jtr@unr.edu
Spoiler warning if you haven't seen Furious 7…
Despite being locked away by Dwayne Johnson in a maximum security cell somewhere near the Earth's crust at the end of Furious 7, it looks like no cage can truly contain the fury of Jason Statham's bad guy Deckard Shaw as the action star tells Access Hollywood that he'll return for another bout with Vin Diesel's crew in Furious 8.
“We're already talking about doing another one, Part 8,” Statham declares. “I'm a newcomer! I just got invited to the party in this last one so it's nice to know I'm gonna be doing another… They've always got something good up their sleeve, and I don't want to be the one who spoils the plot lines but there is some great stuff I already know about.”
After taking in over $1.5 billion worldwide, Furious 7 is just a few million shies of besting The Avengers to become the third-highest-grossing movie of all-time, a level of success Statham chalks up to the series' steadfast following.
“The fanbase is really unique,” says the actor. “They really do relate to these characters, they love these characters, they've followed them for years and years.”
Star Vin Diesel announced Furious 8 at this year's CinemaCon after the unprecedented success of the seventh film, and he along with Statham, Johnson and Kurt Russell are expected to return, along with franchise regulars Michelle Rodriguez, Jordana Brewster, Tyrese Gibson, Chris “Ludacris” Bridges, Elsa Pataky and Lucas Black reprising their roles as street racers-turned-international criminals-turned-super-secret agents.
Universal Pictures will deliver Furious 8 for an April 14, 2017 release.
[Gallery not found]
A man accused of shooting two Lakewood police officers sat in the bed of his Ford pickup truck outside of a home Saturday night armed to the teeth and ready for battle, according to court papers released Tuesday.
Gordon Lee Moench Jr., 54, waited with three guns, including an SKS assault rifle and a spare 30-round magazine, wanting officers to perceive him as a threat, according to the documents. Then just before 10 p.m., he called 911.
There is a “guy out front with a gun ready to kill a bunch of people,” Moench told a dispatcher, court papers said.
The dispatcher asked who the caller was.
“I'm the guy with the gun,” Moench said.
Moench appeared through video conference in Jefferson County Court on Tuesday morning. Clad in orange jail dress and sitting in a wheelchair, Moench, in the Jefferson County Jail, showed little emotion as a judge outlined his alleged crimes.
The judge set a $2 million bail.
Court papers outlined the exchange between Moench and police, revealing how he sprayed bullets from the assault rifle at officers trying to check on his welfare hours after he had tried to kill himself, all apparently in response to his wavering marriage.
Moench later said the shootout amounted to an attempted “suicide by cop” as part of efforts to leave his wife with the pay-out from a life insurance policy.
He also told investigators he is evil and deserves to go to hell.
Officers Jonathan Key and Kimberly Collins went to the home on the 9700 block of West Jewell Place shortly after Moench called 911. Moench's wife, Audrey Moench, already had called police to say that the two were in the process of separating and that her husband had told her he “no longer wanted to live,” according to court documents. Audrey Moench told dispatchers there was going to “be a battle,” warning that her estranged husband had several firearms.
Moench is accused of wounding Key and Collins.
He again called 911 after shooting the officers and told a dispatcher, “God, I apologize. I hit that cop, and now it's too far,” according to documents.
Moench said he was leaving the area so the officers could receive aid.
Another officer, Luke Godfrey, arrived and ordered Moench to drop his gun before Moench lifted the gun in his direction, according to court papers. Godfrey fired several shotgun rounds, striking Moench in the chest.
Collins remains hospitalized in stable condition, police said. Key was released Sunday. Moench was released from the hospital Monday and was arrested.
Gov. Jerry Brown on Sunday vetoed a bill that would have required law enforcement officers to get a search warrant in order to obtain location information generated by a cellphone, tablet computer or automobile navigation system.
State Sen. Mark Leno (D-San Francisco) said his bill followed the lead of a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that it was unconstitutional for police to install a Global Positioning System device on an individual's car without a warrant.
“California consumers are rightfully concerned about mobile privacy and the rate at which their location information is being shared with law enforcement,” Leno said after his bill was approved by the Legislature with support from the ACLU of Northern California.
But Brown said he was not convinced that SB 1434 was the correct solution.
“It may be that legislative action is needed to keep the law current in our rapidly evolving electronic age,” Brown wrote in his veto message. “But I am not convinced that this bill strikes the right balance between the operational needs of law enforcement and the individual expectation of privacy.”
ALSO:
Endangered turtle is named state marine reptile
New law is fallout from state official's killing of mountain lion
Gov. Jerry Brown tweets that he signed social media privacy bills
-- Patrick McGreevy in Sacramento
Edward J. Tutunjian, the longtime owner of Boston's largest taxi fleet who was charged Tuesday with federal tax and fraud offenses, quietly transferred ownership of 362 taxi medallions to his wife in the last couple of weeks, according to his lawyer.
Attorney Andrew Good said Wednesday the Boston Police Department's hackney division approved the transfer, worth potentially tens of millions of dollars, to Tutunjian's wife, who has long helped him run Boston Cab. He said the 66-year-old businessman has diabetes and his health has declined.
“He hasn't been running things for some time,'' said Good, adding that Tutunjian sold 10 other medallions before the most recent transfer.
Advertisement
Donna Blythe-Shaw, a former representative of the Boston Taxi Drivers Association, which has accused Tutunjian of exploiting a workforce largely of immigrant cabbies, said the transfer was an attempt by the Belmont tycoon to protect his assets and that the city should never have allowed it.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“I'm not only surprised,” she said, “I'm disgusted by this.”
Under state law and city regulations, the Boston police commissioner has broad authority to decide whether an individual is suitable to own a medallion, or taxi license.
Edward F. Davis, then Boston's police commissioner, blocked Tutunjian's potential sale of medallions to a New York cab titan in 2013 because the prospective buyer faced $400,000 in fines for overcharging drivers for daily cab rentals there.
Asked why the department allowed Tutunjian to give his wife hundreds of medallions — which can sell for about $130,000 each — a police spokesman said in a statement: “As we understand it, the federal investigation is still active and ongoing. As such, it would be inappropriate for us to comment further until the case is resolved.”
Advertisement
Tutunjian on Tuesday agreed to pay more than $2.3 million in fines for payroll tax evasion, employing illegal immigrants, and failing to pay overtime wages. Prosecutors say they will seek a prison term of at least two years, followed by 12 months of supervision.
Blythe-Shaw said Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City Council should rescind Tutunjian's transfer of his medallions to his wife, who now runs the business with his daughter.
“He was not a suitable owner,'' Blythe-Shaw said. “You're telling me his wife and daughter are? They've been running the business, too. . . . I'm surprised by [Police] Commissioner [William B.] Evans's decision to agree to that transfer.''
Tutunjian was the focus of a Boston Globe Spotlight Team series in 2013 that found widespread exploitation of drivers in the taxi industry. At the time, he owned 372 taxi medallions, or about one in five of all medallions in Boston, and ran a business empire worth about a quarter-billion dollars that included Back Bay apartment buildings, lucrative parking lots and garages, and vineyards in Chile.
The Globe investigation found that the cab industry was a world of serial indignities that drivers endure while many cab owners walked off with huge and remarkably easy profits.
Advertisement
Drivers at Boston Cab routinely paid dispatchers small bribes, commonly from $5 to $20, to get the keys to cabs that leased for 12-hour shifts, the investigation found. This was on top of the $100 the city allows medallion owners to charge for the right to lease a cab.
But if Tutunjian was king of the taxi industry in Boston, the industry has crumbled in the past three years because of fierce competition from Uber and Lyft, not to mention a federal investigation that burst into public view two months after the Globe series when IRS agents executed a search warrant at the Boston Cab headquarters.
When the series ran, taxi medallions — tin squares affixed to the trunks of cabs that owners lease to shift drivers — fetched about $600,000, or roughly 20 times what Tutunjian paid for his first. Now, they are listed for sale online for as little as $130,000.
Taxi industry veterans said the plunge is no surprise given the soaring popularity of ride-hailing services that don't face the same licensing and regulatory requirements.
“When you can operate a taxi essentially with no medallion, it makes them almost worthless,” said James Endicott, owner of Summit Management, which holds a number of Boston taxi medallions. “It's devastating this industry, and the people who created this industry — the city governments — are responsible for it, and they've chosen to turn their backs on the people they regulate.”
Taxi drivers and others in the industry have urged the city to level the playing field and to root out corruption, with modest success.
In 2014, Walsh announced the formation of a 24-member Taxi Advisory Committee to overhaul regulations and policies for the industry.
But the efforts prompted only a few changes that did little to stop the erosion of the taxi business, according to two members. Those included lowering the fees cab drivers pay to lease new taxis and allowing owners of three or fewer cabs to forgo paying mandatory fees for radio dispatch service.
“Basically, nothing came out of it — absolutely nothing,” said Endicott, a member of the panel that represented large medallion owners.
While the Spotlight series focused on fleet owners' treatment of cab drivers, the federal charges against Tutunjian hardly mention cabbies, who the state Supreme Judicial Court ruled last year are independent contractors, not his employees.
Instead, the focus was on the workers Tutunjian and his company, EJT Management Inc., directly employed — mechanics, dispatchers, office workers, and others. Prosecutors alleged that a number of these workers were illegal immigrants.
Tutunjian concealed the size of the company payrolls from the Internal Revenue Service, thus hiding the amount of federal employment taxes he and EJT were supposed to pay, prosecutors alleged. He did this by paying in cash and keeping the payments off the books.
He also allegedly did not pay the required overtime rate to employees who worked more than 40 hours a week.
Adelaide Pagano, a Boston lawyer who helped cab drivers unsuccessfully sue Tutunjian and two other fleet owners based on allegations that the drivers were misclassified as independent contractors, said she was disappointed the charges didn't address exploitation of cabbies.
But she said the charges “give a lot of credence to the allegations we've been hearing from taxi drivers for years.''
Jennifer Pinkham, an attorney who represents the Boston Taxi Owners Association, a group of hundreds of medallion owners, said she hopes Tutunjian's downfall “will make people more aware that you have to be treated fairly.”
But she emphasized that most medallion owners are responsible business owners. “There are always bad people out there and just because there's one bad apple doesn't make them all bad,” she said.
Boston Cab driver Mikael Oucible, 34, said he might have to look for another company to lease cabs from.
“Yeah, it's going to affect my job like Uber does,” he said.
“Uber is doing more than he's doing.”
Travis Andersen of the Globe staff contributed to this report. Jonathan Saltzman can be reached at jsaltzman@globe.com
A suicide car bombing has killed at least 11 people and wounded 34 others, including two members of parliament, in the Somali capital, according to police sources.
The armed Islamist movement al-Shabab claimed responsibility for the Wednesday attack in a post on Twitter and said it had killed at least 17 people and wounded 37. The target of the strike was a restaurant apparently frequented by government employees, including high-ranking officials, that has been attacked before.
Al-Shabab said the 17 killed included "senior" members of parliament and intelligence officials, a claim the government denied.
"It is a restaurant where innocent people drink their tea, not a police station," said police spokesman Abdullahi Barise. "I am sure al-Shabab are behind this attack."
Hassan Ali, a police officer, told Reuters the attacker rammed his vehicle into a cafe by the Hotel Muna, which was stormed by al-Shabab fighters in August 2010 in an attack that killed more than 30 people.
Police and a spokesman for African Union troops in Somalia said initial reports showed the attacker first opened fire on people sitting near the hotel before detonating the vehicle.
'Trying to rebuild'
While al-Shabab pulled its forces out of Mogadishu last year, they have launched frequent attacks against the weak, Western-backed Transitional Federal Government with suicide bombers, roadside bombs and grenades.
A truck bomb attack in October that killed more than 70 people was the group's most deadly strike since it launched its campaign in 2007.
Al Jazeera's Nazanine Moshiri, reporting from Nairobi in neighbouring Kenya, said the attacks come at a time when Mogadishu "is trying to rebuild itself after the al-Shabab withdrawal ... but the attack shows al-Shabab is able to get into the city and carry out attacks of this kind".
A one-day conference in London to tackle the instability in Somalia and piracy off its shores is due to be held in two weeks.
Wednesday also marked the day the European Union's new special envoy to the Horn of Africa visited Mogadishu.
William Hague, the British foreign secretary, visited Mogadishu last week and appointed a new ambassador to the country but said Britain would not open an embassy in Mogadishu without improved security.
In another development, Kenyan defence forces said on Wednesday they had killed 13 al-Shabab fighters in southern Somalia.
Among those dead in Afmadow - a city in southern Somalia described by Kenya "as the command centre for al-Shabab forces" - was a senior al-Shabab commander who the forces said could not be named.
Advocates of strict typing systems often tell the reliability bedtime story when explaining why looser type systems give them the howling fantods. They're not entirely wrong, either.
Quick, what's the problem with this Perl code?
no strict 'refs'; *{ $classname . '::' . $subname } = sub { ... };
Don't worry if you don't get it immediately. It's subtle: within the body of the anonymous sub, you have to enable strict reference checking or Perl will silently ignore any symbolic references.
Maybe that's not a problem for the person who first wrote that code. He or she knew exactly what to write and made no typos. Great! I wish I were that careful and fortunate.
I can think of very few reliables, maintained Perl 5 programs which don't have strict enabled in the broadest scope. Our community practices and our tooling and our default idioms (whether enabled by language or convention) shape the way we think and behave.
Now imagine what might happen six months later when someone else (or the original developer) needs to make a change to that code. Would you remember that strict 'refs' is off in that code? (I believe I owe credit to Joshua ben Jore for first mentioning this problem; it's an example of a poorly recognized problem from the Tower of Defaults.)
The solution in this case is to ensure that loosening strictures occurs in the smallest sufficient possible scope. A similar principle exists for both physical and virtual security. A better version of that code might be:
my $subref = sub { ... }; { no strict 'refs'; *{ $classname . '::' . $subname } = $subref; }
Not only does the tight scoping limit the effects of disabling strict references, it gives visual cues to maintainers that something different is happening. Proceed with mindfulness. This is even a user interface principle: make exceptions obvious.
Rafael believes that strictperl is a broken idea, so immediately obviously bad that it's suitable only for a source filter. One of his gripes is that it does not run the vars pragma nor Exporter unmodified.
He's right. It unrepentently does not.
Rafael says that the "very purpose [of vars and Exporter ] is to manipulate symbols by name, which is exactly the kind of thing that strict prevents." He's right about that too.
Follow those links, though. Look at the implementations of Exporter and vars . Count the lines of each that absolutely cannot run with all strictures enabled. Count the remaining lines.
Done? Great. Now tell me with a straight face that foundational core libraries that have been in Perl 5 for fifteen years are paranoid enough.
These modules do not have to break under strictperl . They could run unchanged (as far as everything else which uses them notices). There are no backwards-incompatible changes by modifying them to disable strictures in the smallest necessary scopes.
If strict is useful enough that you use it in all programs you expect to maintain, if you believe it protects you against problems you didn't expect, even if you have a copious test suite, tell me that it's not worth even asking if it's useful for the more than 90% of code in vars and Exporter (just as examples) that does not need to disable strictures.
You may believe that this is a silly, dumb, useless experiment I've wasted my time writing C and portable Make rules when I could have written a frivolous little source filter. You may be right. Feel free to ignore it, mock it, file bug reports about it, whatever you like.
Yet I believe this stupid little experiment may be useful -- not just for people who want to practice exception-based strictures (strict by default: exceptions as necessary) but also for people who would like to make future problems even less likely to occur, especially in Perl 5's core library itself. (Isn't that one great way to measure maintainability?)
Limiting the scope of loosened strictures is by no means the only way to improve the reliability and maintainability of serious programs, but why not take advantage of the possibility to do so?
The NBA is finally doing something about the Duncan Dilemma.
The league will announce Wednesday a change to its All-Star ballot that will, for the first time, allow fans to vote for three undefined "frontcourt" players instead of having to vote for two forwards and a center. With more and more teams playing smaller than in the past, the definition of "center" was becoming increasingly difficult -- not to mention finding enough quality big men for whom to vote.
For years, for example, the Spurs have listed Tim Duncan as a power forward, even though everyone on earth knew he was their starting center. And so when it came to All-Star balloting, Duncan would take up a forward spot in a very crowded field of Western Conference stars instead of his logical spot in the middle. This was good for Duncan, who surely would have made his 13 All-Star teams anyway, but it often cost another forward a shot.
The league decided to make the change after the NBA's Competition Committee agreed to the move at its meeting last month, VP of Basketball Operations Stu Jackson said Tuesday evening.
"It makes sense," Jackson said. "It made sense to our Competition Committee. Having a center is the only specific position that was singled out on the ballot. It just seemed a little outdated and didn't represent the way our game has evolved. By the same token, it also affords the same opportunity, if you have two good centers in a given year, pick 'em both. They both can be selected. Which is impossible right now."
That would be good news for players like Boston's Kevin Garnett and Miami's Chris Bosh, nominal forwards who are now playing center for their respective teams. Under the old rules, Garnett and Bosh would have been in the center category with the likes of Philadelphia's Andrew Bynum, Atlanta's Al Horford and Indiana's Roy Hibbert. Now, any of them can be selected as a "frontcourt" player.
"It was something that we originally thought made some sense, but we didn't want to make a decision in a vacuum, of course," Jackson said. "We ran it by the Competition Committee and they thought the idea made some sense ... it gives the fans some flexibility while keeping competitive balance."
The league will debut the 2013 All-Star ballot on Nov. 13. Players are selected for the ballot by a committee of national media who cover the NBA on a regular basis. The 2013 All-Star Game will be Feb. 17 at the Toyota Center in Houston.
Donald Trump's address to the United Nations yesterday was tough love, minus the love. Its leitmotif was a full-throated and oft-repeated extolling of sovereignty, which he described as not only his duty to champion for America, but also a corrective for what ails the UN.
The President spoke the hard truth about the threats posed to the world by Rocket Man's North Korea, Iran, Cuba, Venezuela and even Russia in Ukraine and China in the South China Sea. It could be a Trump Doctrine's defining blueprint.
Unless, that is, two things now occur: First, will the President be countermanded, or otherwise undercut, by his own subordinates? And second, will his forceful rhetoric be unaccompanied by the deeds needed to actualize it?
The President's past tolerance of such behavior has not only undermined him, it has emboldened the adversaries he rightly castigated yesterday.
WASHINGTON, DC – President Donald Trump released his ninth wave of judicial nominees before Christmas, nominating ten lawyers for federal courts throughout the country.
This month, the president set an all-time record for the most appointments to the federal appeals courts during the first year of a presidency when the Senate confirmed his twelfth nominee, breaking the previous record of eleven held by Presidents John Kennedy and Richard Nixon.
The president had previously made 58 judicial nominations during 2017. Coupled with the confirmation of Justice Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court and additional judges to the federal trial courts, President Trump has appointed 22 judges to lifetime appointments on the federal bench.
On Wednesday and Thursday, the president nominated another ten picks, bringing his total number of judicial nominations for 2017 to 68. This is the ninth wave of judicial nominations the White House has sent to the Senate.
This latest batch includes one nominee to the powerful federal appeals courts and nine to the federal trial courts.
The appellate nominee is Joel M. Carson III, to be a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Carson will replace Judge Paul Kelly, a reliable conservative who was appointed by the first President Bush, and is now retiring after 25 years of service. The Tenth Circuit sits in Denver and covers the states of New Mexico, Oklahoma, Colorado, Kansas, Utah, and Wyoming.
The nominees to the federal district courts—which are the trial courts in the federal system—and the districts to which they are being nominated are:
Susan Baxter, Western Pennsylvania
Colm Connolly, Delaware
Kari Dooley, Connecticut
Gordon Giampietro, Eastern Wisconsin
Marilyn Horan, Western Pennsylvania
William Jung, Middle Florida
Chad Kenney, Eastern Pennsylvania
Maryellen Noreika, Delaware
Jill Otake, Hawaii
The nominations now go to the Senate Judiciary Committee for vetting and confirmation hearings.
Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.
Electronic cigarette brand, blu eCigs, has partnered with Academy Music Group (AMG) and Live Nation Entertainment in a deal that will see the vaping of electronic cigarettes permitted in live music and club venues across the UK
Acting as the official e-cigarette partner to Academy Music Group (AMG) and Live Nation Entertainment venues, blu eCigs, the UK arm of the bestselling USA brand of electronic cigarettes, will retail products at 15 venues and exclusive advertising opportunities across the venues and their digital platforms are to be launched.
The deal is to run until the end of 2016 and will take effect in venues spanning the UK including London, Birmingham, Manchester, Bristol, Glasgow, Leeds, Sheffield, Newcastle, Bournemouth, Oxford, Glasgow, Southampton and Liverpool.
CEO of blu eCigs, Jacob Fuller, said: “Academy Music Group and Live Nation venues host the world's biggest music acts, so it's the ideal opportunity for us to reach a huge audience of adult music fans across the UK who don't want to continue missing their favourite songs to smoke, now are free to enjoy the pleasure of both and without the tobacco smoke. With this partnership blu continues to show our commitment to raising brand awareness and developing customer engagement and loyalty.”
Blu eCigs are created using industry leading technology and boast a minimalistic black design with a bright blue light that glows boldly with every draw. Available in disposables (RRP £5.99) and two rechargeable kits, the blu Starter Kit (14.99) and the blu Premium Kit (£19.99), as well as the discerning vaper's customisable Pro Kit (£19.99), blu eCigs are said to be a convenient alternative to traditional cigarettes that give smokers their freedom, pride and choice.
The AMG partnership is in line with other aspects of blu eCig's marketing activity also focused on the music and entertainment spheres. Such activity includes sampling at music festivals and the blu music tour, which is currently travelling the UK, hosting free parties with some of the UK's hottest dance acts, including Mosca, Congo Natty, and Andrew Weatherall.
Microsoft's UK managing director, Gordon Frazer, admitted that cloud data stored online, even in Europe, is not protected against the 'Patriot Act' in the United States of America. As ZDNet reports, Microsoft's admission of this fact came after Frazer was posed this question:
Can Microsoft guarantee that EU-stored data, held in EU-based datacenters, will not leave the European Economic Area under any circumstances - even under a request by the Patriot Act?
Frazer explained that due to Microsoft being headquartered in the United States, they must comply with United States laws, even when dealing with subsidiary companies. He went on to say that customers would be notified whenever possible, should a request by the Patriot Act need this. It has been suspected, perhaps even feared, for some time but Microsoft's admission that data can be accessed regardless of whether it is in the United States or not is the first of its kind. Should data be housed, stored, or processed by an American company - or a company owned in its entirety by an American parent company - then it is possible for the Patriot Act to intercept and inspect this information.
In his response to the quoted question, Gordon Frazer said the following:
Microsoft cannot provide those guarantees. Neither can any other company.
Information about what can be done with your data, including when it may be accessed by an outside authority such as the government, is available on Microsoft's online Trust Center. Posters on Reddit have suggested information that could contradict what Frazer has said, as well as suggesting that the Patriot Act could potentially break European Union laws. Reddit user 'canyouhearme' has said the following:
Former West Ham United and Ipswich Town midfielder Jack Collison moved to Peterborough United earlier this summer.
Jack Collison has taken to social networking site Twitter to express his delight at making an appearance for Peterborough United on Saturday.
The Wales international midfielder played for Dave Robertson's side against his former club West Ham United in a pre-season friendly at London Road.
The 26-year-old former Ipswich Town man was delighted to have got some playing time and thanked the Hammers supporters for their reception during the 3-3 draw.
Very short cameo but Great to be back out there again doing what I love... Looking forward to a big season #pufc pic.twitter.com/AsE6XExkWf — Jack collison (@Jcollison31) July 11, 2015
Also a huge thank you to the West Ham fans for the reception... Wishing you all the best for this season and hope to see you soon. #WHUFC — Jack collison (@Jcollison31) July 11, 2015
Getting career back on track
Collison, who was on the books of the Hammers from 2005 to 2014, moved to Ipswich on a short-term deal in September of last year, but he failed to make a competitive appearance for the Championship club.
In fact, the Welshman has not featured in a competitive game since May 2014 because of a knee injury.
The 26-year-old will now hope to kickstart his career and get regular playing time at Peterborough next season.
SEE ALSO: West Ham signing comments on Twitter after making debut against Peterborough
Peterborough finished ninth in the League One table in the 2014-15 campaign with 63 points from 46 matches, six points behind sixth-placed Chesterfield.
Meanwhile, West Ham ended up 12th in the Premier League with 47 points from 38 matches.
Whether LeBron James, the kingpin of this summer's celebrated free-agent class, will join them remains to be seen. James will announce his decision at 9 p.m. ET Thursday during a one-hour special on ESPN.
Wade and Bosh are expected to announce their decision on Wednesday afternoon, according to the source, and continue to lobby James, along with Heat president Pat Riley, to join them in Miami, despite the financial complexities involved for the Heat to make room for all three.
Both players are expected to get the maximum amount allowable under the league's collective bargaining agreement, though the addition of James could change the players' salaries. Contracts cannot be officially signed until Thursday.
It was not immediately clear whether Bosh -- who spent seven seasons with the Toronto Raptors -- will sign with Miami outright or join the Heat through a sign-and-trade deal. Bosh could earn $125 million over six years via sign-and-trade, but only $96 million in five without it.
"Either way, he's definitely going to Miami," the source said.
League sources say Riley is trying to convince Bosh to take the five-year max deal and leave Toronto outright. The Raptors are trying to persuade Bosh to demand a six-year deal and a sign-and-trade so that they get something out of the deal.
Earlier this week, the Raptors reportedly had been reluctant to do a sign-and-trade, especially with Miami, contending the Heat did not have any players of interest. But if Bosh leaves outright, the Raptors are left with, at most, $4 million in cap space to replace Bosh.
One source with knowledge of Toronto's thinking told ESPN.com's Marc Stein that the Raptors, as of 9 a.m. ET, had yet to hear anything official from Bosh's camp about his intentions.
Raptors general manager Bryan Colangelo, in a text message to The Associated Press on Wednesday morning, said, "I have nothing official from anyone."
Amid a growing sense among rival executives that James intends to stay with his hometown Cleveland Cavaliers, sources close to the situation told ESPN.com that James is still seriously considering joining forces with Wade and Bosh in Miami and had a discussion about the possibility that all three could wind up playing together for the Heat on a conference call early Wednesday morning.
James or not, the Heat could emerge as one of the top teams in the Eastern Conference with Wade and Bosh aboard.
Wade, Bosh and James have maintained a dialogue throughout the free-agent process and in the days leading up to July 1, keeping alive the possibility that all three could wind up playing together for the Heat while also sifting through the various options on the table.
ESPN.com reported June 28 that the trio held a scaled-down version of the free-agent summit originally suggested by Wade to seriously discuss their futures, with a focus on the idea that all three could team up with the Heat. Sources close to the situation insist, though, that James has not promised anything to his Team USA colleagues and is not tipping off which way he's leaning.
For much of Monday and Tuesday, several team executives and league insiders expressed their belief to ESPN.com that James re-signing with the Cavaliers, and Wade and Bosh landing together in Miami, was the most likely outcome of a saga that began three years ago when James, Wade and Bosh all signed contracts that enabled them to become free agents in the summer of 2010.
But the New York Knicks, after securing a verbal commitment from free agent power forward Amare Stoudemire, have not surrendered in the chase for James, despite a growing sense around the league that the opportunity to play with Wade and Bosh is the only scenario that prevent the Cavs from keeping their face of the franchise.
Chris Broussard is an NBA writer for ESPN The Magazine. ESPN The Magazine's Ric Bucher, ESPN.com senior NBA writer Marc Stein and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Story highlights Texas grand jury indicts Tonya Couch for hindering prosecution
Authorities say Couch helped her son flee to Mexico to avoid jail for violating probation
(CNN) The mother of the teenager who claimed his affluent upbringing made him less culpable for killing four people while driving drunk has been indicted by a Texas grand jury.
Tonya Couch faces charges of hindering apprehension of a felon and money laundering, said Samantha Jordan, spokeswoman for the Tarrant County District Attorney's Office. The charges arise from a trip Couch and her son, Ethan Couch, took to Mexico while he was serving 10 years on probation for intoxication manslaughter.
More information was not available because the court has imposed a gag order.
Authorities said Ethan Couch and his mother fled to Mexico to avoid a court hearing to determine if he had violated his probation by attending a party where alcohol was served.
Mexican authorities found them at a Pacific resort town. In January, Ethan Couch was returned to Tarrant County, where he has remained in jail.
Read More
Ending decades of denial and inaction, the federal government on Friday issued a tough new exposure standard for one of the most unusual and deadly occupational risks U.S. workers have ever faced: the toxic metal beryllium.
Because of beryllium's remarkable properties — it is lighter than aluminum but stiffer than steel — the metal is highly valued by the defense establishment and is an essential component of nuclear weapons. But when beryllium is ground, sanded or cut, the metal's dust can cause an incurable, often fatal lung disease.
For many years, authorities largely ignored the problem, characterizing workers' illnesses as the result of accidents or acute exposures even though some affected employees seemed to have only incidental contact with the metal. Among them: secretaries in beryllium processing plants.
The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration said the new standard — 10 times stronger than the old one established in the 1940s — will apply to 62,000 workers.
"We know there are many dozens of workers who get sick every year from chronic beryllium disease," outgoing OSHA head David Michaels said in an interview. "And that will change."
He said OSHA recognized decades ago the need for a stronger standard but faced resistance from defense officials.
"For many years, beryllium was strategically so important that the government and the beryllium industry fought hard against a more protective standard," Michaels said.
Beryllium disease slowly damages the lungs and leaves some victims unable to breathe without the aid of an oxygen tank.
Dr. Lee Newman, a leading beryllium researcher, said the new rule will save lives and reduce suffering.
"Because it is not just about the people who die; it's about the years that people live with the terrible suffering of not being able to breathe, having chronic coughs, having the terrible fatigue that comes with chronic beryllium disease," Newman said. "It's a very slow, wasting lung disease."
James Heckbert, an attorney who represented numerous beryllium victims in several states, said he welcomed the new rule but wondered if any exposure was safe. "Is there truly a safe level that those who are sensitive to beryllium can withstand?"
Beryllium is used in a variety of industries, including defense, aerospace and electronics. OSHA said workers at risk include those employed in foundry and smelting operations and dental labs.
A Tribune investigation in 2001 found that many businesses across the country were not taking basic precautions, such as air monitoring, to protect workers. In 2002, the Tribune found that U.S. military personnel had been exposed to beryllium at dozens of Army, Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps facilities, with some levels exceeding safety limits.
No one knows precisely how many workers have died of beryllium disease. Scientific papers, government reports and industry records indicate that more than 1,200 people have contracted the illness since the 1940s, with several hundred deaths. At the University of Chicago, several workers became sick after being exposed to beryllium at a World War II research lab.
The old exposure limit, established in 1949, was based largely on guesswork and dubbed "the taxicab standard" because a government health official and an industry medical consultant came up with the rule in the back of a taxi.
That standard called for workers to be exposed to no more than 2 micrograms of beryllium dust per cubic meter of air, an amount roughly equal to a marble-size piece of beryllium distributed evenly throughout a football stadium.
Officials knew workers might become ill at lower levels, a 1958 Atomic Energy Commission report stated, but "because of the relatively small numbers of people involved," it was seen as "an acceptable risk."
In the decades that followed, when America needed tons of beryllium for the Cold War, workers continued to contract the disease and die.
In 1975, OSHA proposed cutting the exposure limit in half, from 2 micrograms to 1. But the beryllium industry and U.S. defense officials undermined the plan, according to a Toledo Blade investigative series published in 1999.
Defense officials feared the safety plan would cut off beryllium supplies for weapons, which would "significantly and adversely affect our national defense," U.S. Energy Secretary James Schlesinger wrote to two Cabinet members at the time, the Blade reported.
The new standard will be 0.2 micrograms per cubic meter, much stronger than what OSHA sought in the 1970s. Michaels said the Blade reports were instrumental in sparking OSHA to start work on the new rule as well as in prompting the Energy Department to take similar safety steps for workers at its facilities.
OSHA said the nation's primary beryllium product manufacturer, Materion, and the United Steelworkers, which represents many people working with the metal, approached the agency in 2012 to suggest a stronger standard.
Michaels said he was surprised that the industry backed a tougher rule. "We were told it was the result of the negotiations between the union and the employer," Michaels said. Materion, based in Mayfield Heights, Ohio, declined to comment on the new safety limit. Materion's beryllium unit is Materion Brush Inc., the successor to Brush Wellman Inc.
For Michaels, the new standard caps years of work. A former top Energy Department official, he also played a key role in that agency adopting beryllium exposure rules in 1999.
"I have met dozens of workers with chronic beryllium disease," he said. "When we held public meetings around the country, we had workers come forward to us who were strapped to oxygen tanks and whose lung function was destroyed by beryllium. I'm very gratified that, finally, we are able to address this."
President Barack Obama appointed Michaels to head OSHA in 2009. Michaels leaves office Wednesday.
sroe@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @samroe
Adios, Chief Acevedo?
City of Austin Art Acevedo announced that he is a finalist for the top cop position with the Dallas Police Department.
During a press conference, he stated he was contacted several weeks ago by the Police Executive Research Forum, who encouraged him to apply for the Dallas position. He submitted his resume over this past weekend and, soon after, learned he was among six finalists.
These finalists include the police chiefs of San Jose, California and Louisville, Kentucky, as well as three assistant police chiefs from within the Dallas Police Department.
Acevedo was appointed Austin Police Chief in July 2007, and is the first Hispanic to lead Austin's police force. During his tenure he was never under contract with the city, which he acknowledged as standard for big city police chiefs.
However, it seems that neither lack of contract, nor the possible salary offered (his base salary being $171,040 when he started in 2007 according to a City of Austin release) is the major cause for him to consider a move to North Texas.
"The bottom line is the most major city police chiefs don't have contracts, and the tenure of most chiefs is three-to-five years, and I'm approaching those marks," he said in the press conference.
While the news came as a surprise to City Hall, a few officials there have already shown their support of Acevedo. Mayor Lee Leffingwell told KVUE, "He's done a great job here in Austin. . . Part of me doesn't want him to get the job, because we'd like to keep him. He's been here three years and he really is the face of APD at this point."
The selection process, which will involve those responsible for the Dallas decision heading to Austin for an on-site interview, should begin in a couple of weeks.
For now, though, Austin still has a police chief.
Aaron Harrison, Tyler Ulis, and head coach John Calipari pause for a moment during the Wildcats' win over North Carolina. (James Crisp/AP Photo)
LEXINGTON, Ky. – One of the fiercest, most intense games of this college basketball season happened on a Tuesday afternoon in late November. The teams played in a gym with a handful of spectators, no stands, no scouts and no television crew. Nine of the players on the court had made the McDonald's All-America team in high school. All 10 will likely play in the NBA. It could have been a spectacle. Here, they call it practice. Did you gawk at Duke-Wisconsin? You should have seen Kentucky vs. Kentucky.
Karl-Anthony Towns, a projected lottery pick, had a dunk attempt pinned against the backboard by Willie Cauley-Stein, a 7-foot junior also ticketed for the top 10. Aaron Harrison (a top-10 recruit in 2013) swiped a pass intended for Alex Poythress (a top-10 recruit in 2012). Tyler Ulis, one of the best defensive guards in the country, pestered Andrew Harrison, one of the best point guards, the entire length of the floor.
John Calipari has coached the only two 38-win teams in college hoops history. He coached another team that won its first 27 games. He won the 2012 men's national championship and made it to the title game last season. He has never coached a team like this year's Kentucky, a top-ranked juggernaut comprised of two five-man platoons, a system Calipari employed for the first time because he had too much talent to use otherwise.
John Calipari has had to work hard to balance playing time for his young stars. (James Crisp/AP Photo)
The 11-0 Wildcats have outscored opponents by 28.2 points per game while holding them to 30.4 percent shooting. Experts have raised the possibility of an undefeated season, although Calipari dismisses those thoughts out of hand. They have received scant competition during games. They find it every day against each other, internal competition that strengthens the team and defines the program.
“When you watch them play against each other, you're like, Holy [smokes], these are two teams,” Calipari said. “These are two really good teams. But they're different. Getting 10 like that – amazing.”
Calipari believes 10 or 15 games this year – roughly a quarter of the schedule – will test his players more than a standard practice. “The best way for the NBA to evaluate Kentucky is to go to practice,” ESPN analyst and former Virginia Tech Coach Seth Greenberg said. “You're getting better every day because you're competing in practice.” Calipari scrimmages more than ever before, using the same teams that switch off during games. One platoon wears blue. One wears white. The loser runs.
Back on that Tuesday in late November, after a drill, Calipari blew his whistle, and one of the best games in college basketball sprung back into action.
“We're going live,” Calipari said. “Here we go.”
***
Just before 2:30 p.m., Calipari had walked into Kentucky's film room, a small auditorium down the hall from the practice court, and placed a Styrofoam Dunkin' Donuts cup on a podium. His mind doesn't do days off, so he had spent Monday – a rest day for his players – reading in search of motivation and messages. The night before, he had sent players a text message. “I am so excited for tomorrow's practice,” it read. “I don't even think I'll sleep tonight. :)”
Players filled four rows of seats, and Calipari launched into the meeting without preamble. “Who's becoming a defensive playmaker?” he asked. He showed miscues and highlights from their 58-38 victory two days earlier over Providence. His voice remained steady, even as he prodded players for lazy plays and leaving 3-point shooters open.
He moved to a short primer on the offense employed by No. 6 Texas, which they would play in three days, on a Friday night in Rupp Arena. He showed sequences of Texas running a play called “Elbow.” The point guard passed to a power forward at the corner of the foul line, which set up a pass to the block. “If you can guard this play,” Calipari said, “they won't score more than 50.”
Calipari cut short the scouting session and focused on his own team. The projector screen rolled up and revealed a number on the chalk board: 60. The Wildcats had been shooting 60 shots per game.
“We need to get 70,” Calipari told players. “Why?”
“Because everybody eats,” one player replied from the front row.
“Everybody eats,” Calipari said.
The Wildcats have tried to push the pace to get more shot attempts and make sure every player can stuff the stat sheet. (James Crisp/AP Photo)
The point had been made in the open. Calipari wants to win badly, but he views preparing his players for the NBA as his first priority, and he had 10 draft resumes to augment. The Wildcats needed to play at a fast pace in order for all the players to accumulate gaudy number. For his players to believe in his system, they needed to trust him.
Since the summer, Calipari had shifted his focus to a unique, welcome challenge: How could he accommodate 10 potential NBA players. He brought in his annual haul of blue-chip prospects, expecting some combination of Poythress, the Harrison twins and Cauley-Stein would enter the NBA draft. They all returned to school.
“We bring in the guys that they were going to replace,” Calipari said. “They were replacing them, and they came back. Well, now I got 10. What do I do?”
Calipari knew he couldn't play them in a standard rotation, because constant substitution would spoil rhythm. Over the summer, at a series of exhibition games in the Bahamas, he hatched an experiment. Calipari created two five-man units, playing them in four- or five-minute bursts – line changes for basketball. Calipari had never tried it before, but he resolved to use the platoons in the regular season.
Calipari called Joe Gibbs, Mike Tomlin and Bill Parcells to ask them how to manage two units – offense and defense, for football coaches – into a cohesive team. They told him the same thing: Show them how one side helps the other as often as possible. Be harder on the more successful unit.
“It's that 10 guys are willing to share minutes,” Calipari said. “It's not 10 schmoes. I've had coaches call me. ‘I did it. Here's how I did it.' But you didn't do it with 10 NBA players. You did it with guys who are going to be in school for four years and then go get jobs. They're happy. This is different. It's also different – how about their parents? Would you want your son to play 20 minutes if he had NBA potential?”
Every Kentucky player has an NBA draft resume to build, but none averages more than 25 minutes. Cauley-Stein leads the team with 10.7 points per game, one of only two players in double figures. And they still embrace the system, cheering wildly for one another from the bench.
Kentucky's tough scrimmages have prepared them well for grittier games. (James Crisp/AP Photo)
Calipari explained to his players that the platoon will work to their advantage. It reduces pressure by spreading the burden – a bad individual game will be overlooked more easily when there are nine other players to discuss. They can play harder than ever before, meaning scouts will only see them at their best. In the NBA, Calipari reasons, they'll have to seek out baskets rather than having plays called for them.
“If they know I have their back and I'm about them, they'll be about each other,” Calipari said. “They'll trust what I'm saying. They'll understand that I'm going to be real. I'm not going to BS you. I'll love you, but you got to love each other. You got to do this for each other. And Willie Cauley had the greatest thing after Kansas: ‘We trust coach, and we trust each other'. That's the whole reason how this works.”
With an open position on his staff, Calipari added Joel Justus as his director of analytics, a new role designed for the new system. One of his duties is to alter each player's stats as if he played 34 minutes a game — prorating to show the possibility of what their production would look like if given more playing time. The stat sheet he creates is placed in every player's locker.
“I'm doing this to sell,” Calipari said, pointing to an adjusted stat sheet he had already sent to the NBA scouting bureau. “That's why I'm doing it. Now, there are other things I'm doing with the analytics that are helping me make decisions. But the major point of it was to sell our kids what they're doing in 20 minutes and how efficient it is and all those things. I hired the guy for our players.”
Still, at his team meeting, Calipari wanted more shots. Calipari pointed at one word – “FLY” – written on the white board to further emphasize his objective. He then moved on to share the results of his reading from the day before: The traits world-class teams share.
“I'm not saying good teams,” Calipari told the players. “I'm saying world-class teams.”
Calipari told them world-class teams make few mistakes – he had written “no unforced errors,” on the board. Beneath that, he had written: “Thrash opponents. Compete against yourself.”
“They thrash opponents,” Calipari said, his voice rising. “They don't try to play with them. They THRASH their opponents. There ain't no scraping through. They're competing against themselves. You're not playing against world class teams, because there ain't that many.”
The players kept their eyes on him. Don't judge your performance based on the final score, he told them. Judge it based on how much higher it could go.
“Does it get you thinking about, ‘Let's be the best defensive team ever?' ” Calipari asked. “Anybody awake? Does that move you?”
Players nodded.
“I have been waiting for this practice,” Calipari announced. “Aw yeah. Aw [shoot]. I've been waiting for 48 hours. Let's go have a ball. Let's get better.”
***
Before he scrimmaged, Calipari created a drill to encourage faster offense, to find those 10 extra shots. Four offensive players would run at two defensive players, and two more defensive players would trail the fast break.
“If you can't score four-on-two, you suck,” Calipari said. “If it gets to four-on-four, you suck.”
The first three possessions produced a bricked jumper, a missed lay-up and a side-rim three-pointer. Calipari blasted his whistle.
“What does this prove right now?” Calipari shouted.
“We suck,” a few players muttered.
“We suck!” Calipari replied.
Karl-Anthony Towns represents the newest generation of talent in Lexington. (Andy Lyons/Getty Images)
Calipari worries sometimes that his own team's defense makes them hesitant on offense: It's so hard to score in practice against Kentucky's long-armed frontcourt that the frustration carries into games. Towns, a 6-foot-11 forward with the most potential on the team, developed the habit of fading away.
Calipari stopped the scrimmage with frequent whistle tweets. He used several of the pauses to cajole Towns for not following his shot. “We're not going to win playing at the highest level playing the way you play,” he said during one break, his voice remaining steady.
Finally, Towns powered a lay-up through the block attempt of Dakari Johnson, a muscular, 7-foot sophomore. Calipari blew the whistle.
“If you can do that against Dakari,” Calipari asked Towns, “why do you not do it in a game against a lesser player?”
And that is what makes Kentucky truly scary this season, just as much as their absurd collection of talent. They are already better than everyone else, and the gap should only grow as they steel themselves against one another each day in practice.
Against Texas, Kentucky would show it still had room to grow on offense. They would manage just 56 shots, and sloppy play would lead to a tie score at halftime. But their impossibly rangy, athletic defense would enable them to play mediocre and beat the sixth-ranked team in the country by 12. The coach's guarantee about stopping “Elbow” nearly came true, as well — the Longhorns, managed just 51 points. Cauley-Stein would score 21, steal five and block three, so Calipari would let him play 33 minutes.
The platoon system suffered a blow weeks later, when Poythress tore the ACL in his left knee during a practice. On Saturday, in their first game without him, Calipari used nine players and Kentucky throttled North Carolina, 84-70. Players wore warm-up T-shirts emblazoned with “Roar for 22,” Poythress's number.
Having to balance a deeper collection of talent than ever before, Calipari has stressed unity, playing for the same cause. At the end of practice back in November, players joined in a half-circle around Calipari, arms thrown around one another's shoulders. Eight national title banners hung from a side wall. Blown-up posters of former Wildcats currently in the NBA ringed the gym. Another scrimmage — a showcase unseen by the public and embraced by the program — awaited the next day.
“Good job, guys,” Calipari said. “Good job.”
CBD - During a five hour meeting in a packed City Council chamber, cabbies hollered as the Council passed more than twenty ordinances proposed by Mayor Mitch Landrieu to overhaul taxi regulations in New Orleans. Against the backdrop of the sweeping changes, cabbies staged what amounted to a forum on the state of the New Orleans cab industry.
All 1,600 cabs in New Orleans will now be required to have credit/debit machines, GPS, air conditioning, a higher standard of maintenance, and surveillance cameras angled at the driver and passengers as of August 1.
While the Taxicab Bureau estimated such upgrades would cost drivers $2,200, cabbies believe the new equipment will cost them upwards to $6,000. And they weren't shy about saying so.
Councilwoman Kristin Gisleson Palmer promised to host public hearings in the next month to address the new costs and consider raising the price of fares.
But the Council meeting did not only involve the city telling what the cabbies to do. United Cab Co. President Sheree Kerner showed a video during the two hours of public comments of cab drivers waiting hours in line to have their vehicles inspected at the city-run inspection station in New Orleans East. Cab drivers have often complained about the inefficiency of the inspection station.
Taxicab Bureau chief Malachi Hull said three inspectors are employed at the station, but cab drivers claimed there is usually only one inspector, causing backed up lines. Cab drivers also complained the operating hours of the inspection station are too short. The inspection station is open four hours a day, three days a week.
The council members told Hull it is unfair to expect the cab drivers to meet the new ordinances if the city does not hold up its end. Councilwoman Gisleson Palmer ordered the Taxicab Bureau to shape up the inspection station, by possibly adding a second station, over the summer before August 1, when cab drivers must have the new equipment in their cabs.
The cabbies made a big fuss over the surveillance cameras, which would turn on when the doors open. Councilman Jon Johnson said he was aware that many cab drivers use their cab for personal use “to drive to church, or the market,” and feared for their privacy. Taxicab Bureau chief Malachi Hull said each frame of footage would be time stamped, and could only be accessed by the NOPD or a Taxicab Bureau employee after a complaint has been generated, and that only the narrow time frame of the incident will be viewed. Though Johnson voted to pass the ordinance along with the rest of the council, he said a proviso should be added later to ensure no one would access surveillance footage outside of an incident's timeframe.
During the public comments, representatives from the hotel industry cited complaints against the cleanliness of cabs and the rudeness of their drivers made by customers in town for conferences, and demanded that a new standard be passed into law. The cabbies in the room heckled at the comments, and Councilwoman Gisleson Palmer had to repeatedly calm them down, saying, “Gentlemen, gentlemen!”
Another financial blow to the drivers came through an ordinance designed to decrease the age of the fleet. The ordinance mandates any cabs older than 10 model years cannot be used after August 1, and any cabs older than 7 model years cannot but used after January 1, 2014, forcing cab drivers to purchase newer vehicles. Cop cars can no longer be reused as cabs.
Hull said many cities have laws to limit the age of the fleet, but many of the cabbies in the chamber said this is New Orleans, where everything's done differently.
Councilwoman Stacy Head was concerned of the hefty “capital outlay” for cabbies to purchase a new car by August 1, so the council passed an amendment to change the age benchmark for the August deadline from 10 years to 11 years.
A major defeat for permit owners came when the council approved of an ordinance defining the permits, or CPNCs, as a privilege, not a right. This means CPNCs are to be issued and taken away at the discretion of a city official, and are not property of the driver.
Under the new ordinances, cabbies are forbidden to bribe any city or hotel employees. Each cab must have seatbelts for every passenger, and a driver can only admit the amount of passengers the car has seats. Cab drivers are now subject to drug tests when they go to renew their permits every two years, or when they report an accident, even if it is a minor fender bender. Cab drivers are also subject to criminal background checks and fingerprinting. After one cab driver said his permit was taken away for a drug charge he committed when he was 19-years-old, despite driving a cab for the last couple decades, Councilwoman Gisleson Palmer promised to place a cap on how far back investigators can look into a cabbie's history.
As each ordinance was voted on and passed during the end of the five-hour meeting, cabbies stood up to leave in swarms, defeated. And they didn't leave quietly.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are set to miss out on Mohamed Salah with the FC Basel winger on the brink of signing for Chelsea.
The Reds had hoped to make the 21-year-old Egypt international their first signing of the January transfer window.
However, following talks with the Swiss Super League outfit the ECHO understands that Anfield officials have been unable to agree a fee.
In pictures: Mohamad Salah
Liverpool values the player at around the £8million mark but Basel have upped their asking price for Salah to around £16million.
Chelsea, whose transfer kitty has been fuelled by the £37million sale of Juan Mata to Manchester United, have informed Basel they are willing to pay that figure.
Liverpool has no intention of matching that bid so if Salah accepts the opportunity to join Chelsea he will be London bound and Reds boss Brendan Rodgers will turn his attention to other targets.
More on LFC today:
Liverpool FC jury: Villa draw shows squad investment is needed
Liverpool FC letters: Kopite doubters are bad for Reds
Liverpool FC transfer rumour mill: Today's gossip round-up
Consumers should be exempt from roaming fees no matter how long they spend abroad, the European Commission said on Wednesday.
The EU executive unveiled a new draft proposal to end roaming fees in 2017.
It comes two weeks after officials put forward a plan that would have set a 90-day time limit for consumers to be able to call abroad but pay domestic prices.
But that has now been scrapped, with new safeguards suggested by the commission after protests by consumer groups.
They say users will be unable to buy a cheap SIM card or contract in one EU country and use it permanently elsewhere.
“If someone has his place of residence in Frankfurt or in Paris, and for a whole year uses a SIM card bought in Tallinn to make calls, but has never been to Estonia, then it's quite easy to detect that kind of abuse,” said Günther Oettinger, the EU's digital commissioner.
Operators will be able to check up on irregular usage and ask customers to justify that usage in some cases.
“if you ask him what is happening, and if he doesn't come up with a satisfactory answer, then you can charge him more in the future,” said Oettinger.
The idea will still need the approval of the European Parliament and EU governments.
Roaming fees are surcharges added to mobile phone bills by telecom operators when a user calls, texts or connects to the internet outside the country where they bought the contract.
Major firms had lobbied hard against them because they represent an important part of their profits.
This past weekend Sofya Velikaya (RUS) claimed gold at the Challenge Yves Brasseur in Ghent, Belgium. After placing behind Olga Kharlan (UKR) twice, first at the Absolute Fencing Gear New York Sabre Grand Prix in New York and then at the Coupe du Monde in Athens, Greece, Velikaya finally bested the World's #1 Womens Sabre fencer in a close 15-13 match in the quarterfinals. She then went on to fence Mariel Zagunis, beating out the American 15-10. While both Kharlan and Zagunis retained their rankings, Velikaya went up and bumped her teammate from the #3 spot.
Ekaterina Dyachenko (RUS) was upset in the Table of 32 by current #22nd ranked Jisu Yoon (KOR) 12-15. She fell to #4 in rankings with her 17th place finish. Another upset in the Table of 32 was Dagmara Wozniak's defeat to current #50th ranked Anna Varhelyi (HUN) 13-15, placing her 18th and falling to the #5 spot.
Varhelyi continued an impressive run by defeating Katarzyna Kedziora (POL) 15-10 before falling to her teammate Anna Marton (HUN) 5-15. Finishing in 8th place, this was her highest finish of the season. Marton went on to fence Zagunis in the quarterfinals and lost 14-15.
Other US fencing finishes included Anne-Elizabeth Stone and Ibtihaj Muhammad placing 20th and 21st, respectively. Loweye Diedro finished 47th, Daria Schneider 58th, Kamali Thompson 61st and Monica Aksamit 64th.
The Top-16 was well represented by fencers from ten different countries, with South Korea having the most in at a count of three.
Top 8 Results: 2015 Ghent Women's Sabre World Cup
1. Sofya Velikaya (RUS)
2. Mariel Zagunis (USA)
3. Olga Kharlan (UKR)
3. Anna Marton (HUN)
5. Jiyeon Kim (KOR)
6. Sabina Mikina (AZE)
7. Saoussen Boudiaf (FRA)
8. Anna Varhelyi (HUN)
Full results for individuals can be reviewed here.
Final Results: 2015 Ghent Team Women's Sabre World Cup
In the team event, #1 ranked Team USA began the day with a bye out of Table of 32. They then fenced Azerbaijan, defeating them 45-22. They then won a close match against South Korea in the quarter finals 45-41, but fell to France 35-45 in the top-4. Not to be discouraged, they came back against #2 ranked Team Russia for Bronze, 45-30.
Italy took gold by besting out France 45-40.
Top-8 Team Results:
1. Italy
2. France
3. USA
4. Russia
5. Korea
6. Poland
7. Spain
8. Germany
Full results for the team competition can be viewed here.
More information about the tournament's history can be seen on their website that also hosted live feeds of the matches.
Interested in comparing? Be sure to check out last year's recap of the event.
New York doctors are treating ObamaCare like the plague, a new survey reveals.
A poll conducted by the New York State Medical Society finds that 44 percent of MDs said they are not participating in the nation's new health-care plan.
Another 33 percent say they're still not sure whether to become ObamaCare providers.
Only 23 percent of the 409 physicians queried said they're taking patients who signed up through health exchanges.
“This is so poorly designed that a lot of doctors are afraid to participate,” said Dr. Sam Unterricht, president of the 29,000-member organization. “There's a lot of resistance. Doctors don't know what they're going to get paid.”
Three out of four doctors who are participating in the program said they “had to participate” because of existing contractual obligations with an insurer or medical provider, not because they wanted to.
Only one in four “affirmatively” chose to sign up for the exchanges.
Nearly eight in 10 — 77 percent — said they had not been given a fee schedule to show much they'll get paid if they sign up.
The survey invited doctors to anonymously share opinions about the new health care law, and many took time out of their busy days to vent.
“Obama Care wants to start right away, but who see all these new patients???? Not me,” e-mailed one doc.
Another said, “I plan to retire if this disaster is implemented. This is a train wreck.”
“I refuse to participate in the exchange plans! I am completely opposed to this new law,” said a third respondent.
One doctor recycled the mantra used to attack addictions: “The solution is simple: Just say no.”
One physician was so disgusted, he threatened to taken only cash patients going forward.
“I am seriously considering opting out of all insurance plans including Medicare because of [ObamaCare].”
Some physicians said the pressure on insurance carriers to control costs is leading to rationed care.
“OBAMACARE is a disaster. I have already seen denial of medication, denial of referrals,” one doc said.
And they worry that stingy payments for medical services offered by insurers could put some doctors out of business and force others into retirement.
“Any doctor who accepts the exchange is just a bad businessman/woman. Pays terrible,” argued one doctor.
Said another MD, “Can't imagine any doctors would be willing to work for so little money? All doctors should boycott.”
Doctors complained they've gotten the shaft for years even before ObamaCare.
“I get screwed from insurance companies already. I refuse to get screwed any longer,” one doctor said.
Others said they don't have enough information to make an informed choice.
“This is a joke. We are flying blind,” said one doctor.
This listing is for an Extended Hammer for use with the Nerf Sweet Revenge. The Hammer has been custom designed and sculpted by me, and has also been reinforced prior to molding, and has been cast in a High Performance Urethane Casting Resin just like the other replacement Hammers in my shop. It has been designed with ease of use and comfort in mind, and also makes "fanning" the Hammer for rapid fire much easier to do.
Custom colors are available at an additional cost. Please select the Custom Color from the list and then leave the desired color in the notes field when completing your order. If you would like to discuss specifics, please feel free to contact me further via email.
Each part may vary slightly in color as each part is hand mixed every time I cast a new one. If you are ordering more than one and would like to have them match in color exactly, please let me know in the notes.
*Please note that because I am hand mixing the color, my Orange may not match Nerf's Orange exactly on their blasters.
Each part will have basic clean up performed by trimming excess resin and seam lines. These parts are able to be sanded by you with a fine grit sandpaper if desired. I have found that wet sanding with 400 grit for finer clean up, then wet sanding with 1000 grit to finish works beautifully.
For installation, you will need to remove the existing hammer piece from your Sweet Revenge. Some of the pins may be solvent welded to one portion of the other connecting pieces. I used a spare pin from another blaster and a small hammer to carefully push the pins out. This will require a little bit of force, so just be careful. After the pins have been removed, the hammer piece can be replaced with the new one. Just remember where each pin came from and they should all fit back together. The smaller pins have some knurling on one side that helps keep them in place on the connecting pieces.
*Use of a spring stronger than 8kg with this part is not recommended.
*I will not be held responsible for any damage sustained to your blaster or the part if you break it while attempting to modify it. So please, proceed with caution.
*Blaster is not included.
*Normal Hammers pictured as color reference.
**SilverFoxIndustries has no affiliation with Hasbro, Nerf or any of their respective affiliates.
Last year, ReCore was one of our most anticipated games of E3, with an asterisk — all we got was a cinematic trailer. The game was playable at E3 2016, with a ten-minute demo that gave us a look at how the fast-paced third-person shooter is shaping up ahead of its September 13 release date. It's a lot more conventional than we thought from watching the trailer last year, but it's fun and has one surprise that might win more than a few people over — an unexpectedly low $40 price tag.
ReCore follows a young woman named Joule, and while we've been told that the same kind of post-apocalyptic setting we saw in the trailer is in play here, we didn't get much of a sense of who she is or what she's up against from the demo. From the trailer, it looked like Joule would have a robot core that she could put in different bots that could support her. The demo didn't show off that game mechanic, either — the demo had a robot helping out with enemies, but we're not sure how switching that core between bots will work. It might not be possible at all — the demo and the E3 footage revealed multiple robot companions called Corebots with different names, suggesting you won't simply have one companion core that can be placed into whatever robot husk you happen to come across.
Instead, the E3 demo focused more on shooting and platforming. ReCore is being co-developed by Comcept and Armature studios. Comcept is headed by Keiji Inafune, who worked on Mega Man from the franchise's inception, while Armature was founded by Mark Pacini, Todd Keller, and Jack Matthews, all of whom were part of Retro Studios and worked on the Metroid Prime series. You probably know where this is going — the game plays like a cross between the two. Shooting is based on color-coded ammo that can be cycled through using the D-pad. This part is simple — match the color to the enemy and fire away. Things get tougher when enemies of all four colors start coming at you, but the basic idea is easy to grasp. Cycling through weapons feels a bit like it did in the Metroid Prime games, albeit with less of a payoff — while in Metroid Prime the weapons all had different properties, the color-coded bullets in ReCore all seem to behave the same way (by making a beeline for enemies). You'll also be able to tell your robot companion (in this case, a spider-like robot named Seth who shoots missiles) to attack enemies that you've locked onto, although their attacks need time to recharge once used.
There's a big reliance on locking onto enemies, which means this game isn't a cover-based third-person shooter like a Tomb Raider or a Mass Effect. It's more fast-paced and arcade-style — you don't have to worry about aiming much, but you will need to dodge enemy attacks. Fortunately, Joule is very quick. She runs fast, can double jump, and can dash through the air to avoid attacks and get around the back of enemies. This sort of constant movement makes for a light, fun experience, even if the game's mechanics are pretty simple.
While the dash seems like a callback to Mega Man 3, the platforming also feels a bit like Metroid Prime (just in third-person instead of first-person). You'll need to time double jump and dash combos properly to proceed, and there are even magnetic rails that your robot friends can help you speed along — Joule won't curl up into a ball like Samus, but it still feels very familiar. That's a good thing, and while it's not as innovative as the gameplay of Metroid Prime, that's no knock — the Metroid Prime games sit on some pretty hallowed ground.
Occasionally, Joule will need to find some robot cores to proceed, which are either hidden away somewhere or are powering an unfriendly Corebot. In the demo, one core was used to activate a pillar that opened up one of those magnetic rails, but we're guessing they'll play many different roles in the full game.
The demo took Joule through an abandoned factory full of robots that don't much care for her presence. Blasting them is fun as long as you keep running around and taking advantage of Joule's speed. As you shoot, you'll notice arcade-style numbers flying off in the air, letting you know about combos and XP gained. We're not sure how all that fits in the grander structure of the game, but it makes ReCore feel less like a serious venture and more like a fun, pick-up-and-play shooter. Fine by us — the world could use a few less serious games. It's not a difficult game, but it's enjoyable for what it is.
That might be why the game is priced at $40. Full games from major studios usually come in at $60, so a $40 game tells us that ReCore might be on the short side. But, considering a lot of games on the short side still go out and demand $60, we appreciate the gesture. ReCore comes out September 13 for Xbox and Windows 10.
Operating under very tight budget constraints, Congress will keep federal spending flat next year — except for the wild horses of the West, who get an extra $12 million.
House Appropriations Chairman David Obey (D-Wis.) unveiled a bill Tuesday to fund the government through the rest of the year that is in the spirit of Washington's new austerity, saying the measure “prohibits funding for Congressional earmarks.”
While that is technically true, the bill does include money specifically aimed at addressing Members' pet projects, from uranium mining to protecting presidential candidates to rounding up wild horses.
The continuing resolution, which the House approved Wednesday night, does not increase overall spending for the fiscal year. But it shifts money around, boosting funds for programs favored by the Obama administration and Congressional Democrats.
Obey took to the floor Wednesday to argue, in essence, that there is no way to simply extend last year's spending levels, because things change over time.
“I'm sure we'll hear lots of talk about the number of changes in this bill. The number of hard choices we had to make in this package to try to keep Uncle Sam from becoming Uncle Scrooge this holiday season,” Obey said. “The committee has done its dead level best, within the constraints under which we're operating, to make some modest adjustments to salvage some investments which over the long haul just might create more jobs than tax breaks for millionaires.”
Some of the measures are major, such as $5.7 billion more for Pell education grants for lower-income families and $550 million for the Race to the Top, the competitive grants awarded by the U.S. Education Department to school districts.
But there is also a bevy of more obscure items that are getting a boost in the bill.
For example, the legislation allows the Bureau of Land Management to “establish up to 10-year contracts with ranchers that care for excess wild horses and burros,” and increases the bureau's budget by just under $12 million “to maintain the thousands of wild horses and burros in its care.”
A Democratic staffer pointed out that the bureau can't simply let the horses it is caring for die.
Likewise, the legislation provides $30 million for the U.S. Forest Service's Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund, a project launched in 2009 to reduce forest fires on federal lands in key areas of the country. In 2010, the program received $10 million and launched 10 pilot projects to conduct forest thinning and controlled burns under the theory that “it is cheaper to modify the forest and do all that work before hand” than to respond to catastrophic fire events, said Eytan Krasilovsky of a forestry organization called the Forest Guild.
The bill also increases the budget of the Secret Service by $14 million to prepare for the 2012 presidential campaign. Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan said most of that money will be used to buy secure vehicles and related equipment to ferry presidential candidates around the country. The president and vice president travel with their own vehicles, but for other candidates, presumably mostly Republicans in 2012, the Secret Service stations equipment around the country and makes it available when candidates come through that region.
The CR also includes $624 million more for nuclear weapons programs, money that would only be spent if the Senate approves the new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, which President Barack Obama is pushing for but leading Senate Republicans want to put off until the new session.
The spending measure also boosts money for White House priorities such as encouraging the Securities and Exchange Commission to combat financial fraud as a result of the 2008 financial crisis. In the wake of the BP oil spill, it provides funds to expedite reforms in offshore drilling programs by the newly created Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement.
Republicans complain that Democrats should not be using the continuing resolution to pick and choose winners.
A news release issued by Republicans on the Appropriations Committee before the House vote Wednesday said, “This CR will be a last ditch effort to avoid a government shutdown while continuing to fund many of the Democrats' political priorities.”
The Republicans say that the budget calls for cuts to some programs in defense and the Census Bureau to pay for the Pell Grants and the implementation of the financial reform law. Instead, they argue that those cuts should be used to reduce the deficit.
Officials with Citizens Against Government Waste, a spending watchdog group, say they identified one earmark in the bill: $15 million for the International Fund for Ireland, which was established in 1986 to promote economic regeneration and reconciliation in Northern Ireland and Ireland.
Congress has routinely approved the earmark since the 1980s, according to Leslie Paige, spokeswoman for Citizens Against Government Waste. It does not have a named sponsor in the bill.
Paige said the earmark was first sponsored by former House Speaker Tip O'Neill, an Irish-American Democrat from Massachusetts who died in 1994. But she said there have been reports that the money is spent on such things as fashion shows.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) said the Irish fund appropriation is an example of funding that may have been initially made with good intentions but now deserves to die.
“That is such a ridiculous waste of money,” he said. Chaffetz said the fund is being discontinued in Ireland but added, “They will cash our check.”
He also lamented that the earmark sponsor has routinely been anonymous.
“Someone should show the political guts to join me on the floor to debate it,” he said.
Liverpool will be free to compete in Europe next season despite making losses that appear to fall outside UEFA's Financial Fair Play rules. Liverpool is on course to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2009.
• Usher: 10 games from glory
• Kelly: League Cup value
The club reported a loss of 49.8 million pounds in the 12 months to May 31 2013 when they published their latest accounts on Monday.
That followed a loss of 40.5 million pounds over a 10-month period to the end of May 2012, recorded in their previous accounts.
A combined deficit of 90.3 million pounds over two years is well outside the limits allowed under UEFA rules, which allow clubs to lose 45 million euros -- around 39 million pounds -- over that period.
However, Liverpool are not one of the 76 clubs currently being investigated by UEFA over potential FFP breaches, because they did not qualify for Europe this season.
At a press briefing in Nyon, Switzerland, last Friday, UEFA officials explained that they are only looking into the accounts of clubs who have played in the Champions League or Europa League during the 2013-14 campaign, and who reported a loss for 2011-12.
Liverpool's accounts, though, will be examined in 12 months' time if -- as is likely -- they qualify for one of next season's European competitions. It is expected that they will be assessed over three seasons, from 2011 to 2014.
Brendan Rodgers' side are second in the Premier League with 10 games to play, and on course to reach the Champions League for the first time since 2009.
Liverpool, as with all clubs, can offset costs from stadium investment, youth development and community projects against their losses.
It is unclear whether the 37.8 million pounds used during 2012-13 to pay off a loan relating to stadium development plans could be offset against the club's losses in this way.
Managing director Ian Ayre indicated earlier this week that he expects Liverpool's financial results for 2013-14 -- which are likely to be published in spring 2015 -- to be significantly better, thanks to the signing of various commercial deals over the last 18 months.
The 2013-14 season is the first under which clubs are being assessed fully under the new UEFA Financial Fair Play rules, which came into effect in 2011.
UEFA will complete its first assessments of club finances in April or May, with any sanctions taking effect from the start of next season.
The governing body has said that any breach of the regulations will not automatically result in a club being excluded from European competition.
It has a range of sanctions that it can apply before getting to that stage, including a warning, a fine, a points deduction, withholding of UEFA competition revenue and a restriction on the registration of new players for either the Champions League or Europa League.
Owners are allowed to put their own money into a club through a sponsorship deal, but it must be judged ‘fair value' -- that is, in line with market prices.
The only recent example of an English club being denied a European place for financial reasons was Portsmouth in 2010.
They would have qualified for the Europa League after reaching that year's FA Cup final, which they lost to Chelsea.
But Portsmouth were unable to apply for a UEFA licence to compete in Europe by the appropriate deadline, having failed to file their accounts in time because they were in administration.
Portsmouth did ask UEFA of they could make a late application for a licence -- the decision was delegated to the Football Association, who rejected the appeal.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) said this week that he does not believe abortion is a personal decision, once again shifting away from his previous, more nuanced stance on abortion.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker said this week that he does not believe abortion is a personal decision, once again shifting away from what was once a more nuanced stance on abortion.
Scott Walker/ YouTube
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, who this week officially announced his candidacy for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, said that he does not believe abortion is a personal decision, once again shifting away from his previous, more nuanced stance on abortion.
During an interview with Laura Ingraham, the conservative radio host of an eponymous show, Walker was taken to task over comments he made in a TV advertisement during his 2014 gubernatorial reelection campaign.
In that ad, Walker says he supports abortion-related legislation that “leaves the final decision to a woman and her doctor.”
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Ingraham, referencing the clip, asked Walker to clarify his position on abortion.
“You don't believe—I just want to clarify this, governor,” Ingraham started. “You don't believe the final decision should be between a woman and her doctor—”
“No,” Walker interrupted. “I believe it's an unborn child.”
The Republican governor's stance on abortion has changed significantly in the lead-up to his presidential bid. As recently as this March, Walker told Fox News host Chris Wallace that he recognizes the decision to get an abortion is one protected by the Supreme Court.
Only a week later, Walker for the first time announced his support for legislation banning abortion after 20 weeks—legislation that is unconstitutional and based on discredited evidence that a fetus can feel pain at that point.
The GOP-majority Wisconsin state legislature passed such a bill last week. During a debate on the ban, state Rep. Joe Sanfelippo (R-West Allis) told his pro-choice colleagues that they misunderstood the intent of the abortion ban.
“This bill isn't about abortion, this bill is about protecting children who are capable of feeling pain from going through an extremely excruciating and painful experience,” he said.
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Children who grow up in a spic-and-span home may have a higher risk of developing inflammatory bowel disease, a study suggests.
Inflammatory bowel disease, or IBD, refers to a group of conditions marked by chronic inflammation in the intestines, leading to symptoms like abdominal pain and diarrhea. It's thought that the conditions arise from an immune system overreaction that injures the body's own intestinal tissue.
In the new study, published in the American Journal of Gastroenterology, researchers looked at whether the so-called “hygiene hypothesis” might be involved in young people's risk of developing IBD.
The hygiene hypothesis was first advanced in the late 1980s as one explanation for the rise in allergic diseases in developed nations.
The theory is that when children are exposed to few viruses, bacteria and other microorganisms early in life, their immune system development is affected in a way that raises the risk of abnormal immune reactions.
For example, studies have found that young children who spend time in daycare, where they are likely to be exposed to viruses and other microorganisms, are less likely to develop allergies than their peers who spend little time around other children early in life.
For the current study, Dr. Eran Israeli and colleagues looked at the relationship between IBD risk and certain markers of how “hygienic” a child's upbringing was — including how many siblings a child had, his or her spot in the family birth order, and whether the family lived in an urban or rural area. A rural environment is considered generally less hygienic than an urban one.
The researchers found that among the nearly 400,000 Israeli teenagers included in the study, 768 — or 0.2 percent — had been diagnosed with IBD. Those with one sibling were between two and three times more likely to have IBD than teens with five or more siblings.
Similarly, teenagers who lived in an urban setting were 38 percent more likely to suffer from IBD than their rural counterparts.
The findings do not prove that the hygiene hypothesis is at work in IBD, according to Israeli, of Hadassah Medical Center-Hebrew University in Jerusalem.
The study, he told Reuters Health, looked only at “surrogate markers” of childhood hygiene and showed an association between those markers and IBD.
But if the extra-clean surroundings of modern life do indeed contribute to IBD development in certain susceptible individuals, what are the implications?
“It would of course be impractical to suggest living in a less ‘hygienic' environment or changing living conditions in order to afford possible protection (from) future development of IBD,” Israeli said.
However, he added, it might be possible to lower IBD risk in people who are at higher-than-normal risk — such as those with family members with the disease — by exposing them to harmless microbes to help regulate their immune responses.
Researchers have already begun studying whether exposure to harmless parasitic worms might help treat Crohn's or colitis. Studies have not yet investigated such tactics for preventing IBD in healthy, high-risk people, Israeli noted.
SOURCE: American Journal of Gastroenterology, July 2008.
Israel has restricted Palestinian access to the Al-Aqsa mosque compound and arrested six Hamas members, a day after one Palestinian was killed by Israeli fire along the Gaza-Israel border.
The shooting tested a tenious ceasefire agreement signed by Hamas-led Gaza and Israel on Wednesday night.
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu's Likud party are preparing for a primary on Sunday amid signs its popularity is slipping among Israelis who would have preferred a ground invasion of the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip.
Tensions on the streets of occupied Arab east Jerusalem were high on Friday, the day after angry demonstrators stormed an Israeli police station in a bid to secure the release of a Palestinian woman who tried to stab a border guard.
The Israeli army has arrested about 100 Palestinians since the ceasefire was signed.
Twenty-eight suspects were arrested from the West Bank, including six Hamas members of the Palestinian Legislative Council on Friday night in the wake of a security sweep on Thursday in which 55 "terror operatives" were arrested.
Israeli authorities said the men had been arrested in connection with a bus bomb attack in Tel Aviv on Wednesday.
"Members of this cell in Beit Lakya linked to Hamas and [Islamic] Jihad admitted during their interrogation having planned attacks against Israelis, prepared a bomb and chosen Tel Aviv as a target," a statement by Israel's security agency, Shin Bet said on Thursday.
Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said at the time that more arrests were also expected.
Seperately, Israel has also barred Palestinians under the age of 40 from accessing the Al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem, Islam's third holiest site, which is also revered by Jews.
The mosque compound has been the focus of past clashes, and the Israeli army says it sought to prevent any repetition that could jeopardise the truce ending eight days of fighting in which more than 160 Palestinians and five Israelis died.
Ceasefire upheld
The Egypt-negotiated ceasefire was however holding, despite one Palestinian having been killed by Israeli fire at the borderline between the Gaza Strip and Israel, and rockets allegedly having been fired at Israel from Gaza in the first post-truce hours.
The first post-conflict casualty, Anwar Qdeih, was killed when Israeli soldiers reportedly opened fire on a group of farmers near the Gaza border on Friday. Nineteen other Palestinians were injured in the village of Khuzaa.
"This is the first Israeli violation of the truce," Sami Abu Zuhri of the Islamist Hamas movement that rules Gaza told AFP news agency.
No reprisal rockets were fired by Hamas but Abu Zuhri said he would raise the "violation" with Egyptian mediators.
Another young Palestinian was announced dead on Friday after having "inhaled a poisonous gas" during repairs of a tunnel damaged in an Israeli air strike on the southern sector of Rafah, bordering Egypt, the Hamas health ministry said.
Let us be clear about one thing: Responsibility for the assassination of Police Officer Miosotis Familia in the Bronx early Wednesday lies with the man who pulled the trigger — career criminal Alexander Bonds, now deceased himself, happily, courtesy of the NYPD.
So let's talk atmospherics.
It's not just in New York City where cops increasingly are viewed as enemies of the public. Case in point, Chicago — where 60 people were shot over the July 4 weekend (eight fatally), and where the usual suspects are demanding federal oversight of the police department, without even cursory consideration of the culture that drives that tortured city's endless bloodshed.
New York, for now, is different. Miosotis Familia died in service to a city that long ago confronted and defeated the pathologies that plague the South Side of Chicago — dramatically proving that reclamation is possible, if only the will is there.
But is New York's will weaken? Is the city institutionally discarding the policies and practices that hauled it back from the abyss two-plus decades ago? And more to the point, as New Yorkers of goodwill mourn the death of PO Familia, are they turning away from the men and women of the NYPD?
The answer to the first question is an emphatic yes. The answer to the third is less clear, but not encouraging.
see also The assassination of Officer Miosotis Familia A true New York heroine died early Wednesday — gunned...
Manhattan DA Cyrus Vance last week put the tin hat on the core strategy that saved the city when it was the crime capital of America — broken-windows policing — when he effectively decriminalized turnstile-jumping. And he did so with the approval of the cop-bashing caucus that now more or less runs municipal government.
The City Council, for example, is working overtime to place every possible policy restriction and operational restraint on the NYPD. These range from body cameras on cops to spy cams in paddy wagons to mountainous paperwork to document individual interaction with the public — and to demands for the presumptive criminalization of violent police contact with civilians.
This can't help but lead to more crime, which will fall most heavily on the public. And it most certainly will place cops at needless risk.
Take turnstile-jumping. It was once a prestige event in New York's urban Olympics. But then the cops cracked down on it — and discovered that many of those they arrested had outstanding criminal warrants, and that many also were carrying weapons.
When word got out that turnstile-jumping could lead to serious criminal charges, there was a sharp decline in the practice. As a bonus, criminals began to leave their guns at home — and the salvation of New York City was under way.
Whether Vance's new policy — and the abandonment of broken-windows policing generally — will lead to more guns on the streets seems clear: There's certainly no reason to believe it won't. Just as there's no doubt about who will suffer if it does.
Be mindful that none of this is happening in a vacuum. Cynicism regarding the law in general is pervasive in the city. But while it's driven both by agitation from those who find broken-windows law enforcement personally inconvenient, and the desire of politicians to pander to them, there's more to it than that.
When City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito last month found it permissible — indeed, personally advantageous — to bounce about the city on the arm of a terrorist who murdered and maimed New Yorkers, she was also parading a message of contempt for the rule of law itself.
And when Mayor Bill de Blasio, Gov. Andrew Cuomo, Sens. Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and so on through New York's rogue's gallery of elected officials failed publicly to object out of cowardice or conviction, they became complicit.
It's hard to champion, say, sanctuary cities from one side of your mouth while preaching respect for the rule of law from the other. So New York's political class has quit trying.
So over the side with broken windows. Over the side with immigration law. Over the side with consistent law enforcement, period. Just don't be surprised when people notice, and begin to act accordingly.
Again, nobody murdered Miosotis Familia but Alexander Bonds. But atmospherics matter. A society whose leaders hold the law in contempt can expect its citizens to follow suit.
With tragic results.
Bob McManus is a contributing editor to the Manhattan Institute's City Journal.
Advertisement Kenosha homeowner hog ties would-be burglar Share Copy Link Copy
Forced to protect his property and himself, a Kenosha homeowner hog ties a would-be burglar with a garden hose until police arrive.It happened Friday near 41st Street and 32nd Avenue.The owner of the house was in the basement when he said he heard a noise outside his window. When he came upstairs, he found someone hanging halfway inside.“For some reason, my adrenaline kicked into action right there, and I knocked him out of the window, and I took a vase and smashed him on the head,” Jerril Grover.Watch the video report on mobileGrover calmly described his hand-to-hand battle with 22-year old Philip Tabili Jr.“Took it (the hose) and put it around him like this here first, and once I wrapped this it kind of cut off his circulation,” Grover said.The hose was the nearest option, and Grover knew he needed to gain the upper hand.“Once I had him down he said, ‘I can't breathe.' I said, ‘Well, if you can talk, you can breathe,'” Grover said.According to the criminal complaint, Tabili told police, "He uses heroin every few days and was looking for work."“The first thing he said was, ‘I want to cut your grass.' I said, ‘Uh huh, something about to happen right here,'” Grover said.And Tabili chose the wrong man to mess with.“I'm the head wrestling coach at Bradford High School and the Kenosha girls wrestling coach,” Grover said.Grover has coached at Bradford since 1994 and wrestled at University of Wisconsin-Parkside. He hogs tied Tabili and laid on top of him until police arrived.“It all worked out in the end, and I hope the young man is getting some help,” Glover said.Tabili is charged with burglary, theft and disorderly conduct.Kenosha police said there have been a string of burglaries in the area over the past few weeks but have not officially linked Tabili to those.WISN 12 News called Kenosha police out to them to find out more about those burglaries, but they didn't return the call.
Melvyn Bragg and his guests discuss the South Sea Bubble, the speculation mania in early 18th-century England which ended in the financial ruin of many of its investors.
Melvyn Bragg and his guests discuss The South Sea Bubble, the speculation mania in early 18th-century England which ended in the financial ruin of many of its investors. The South Sea Company was founded in 1711 with a view to restructuring government debt and restoring public credit. The company would ostensibly trade with South America, hence its name; and indeed, it did trade in slaves for the Spanish market even after the Bubble burst in 1720.
People from all walks of life bought shares in the South Sea Company, from servants to gentry, and it was said the entire country was gripped by South Sea speculation mania. When the shares crashed and the company collapsed there was a public outcry and many people faced financial ruin, although some investors sold before the crash and made substantial amounts of money. For example, the bookseller Thomas Guy made his fortune and founded a hospital in his name the following year.
But how did such a financial crisis develop and were there any lessons learnt following this early example of a stock market boom and bust?
With:
Anne Murphy
Senior Lecturer in History at the University of Hertfordshire
Helen Paul
Lecturer in Economics and Economic History at the University of Southampton
Roey Sweet
Head of the School of History at the University of Leicester
Producer: Natalia Fernandez.
Co-written by Julie Walz
Two years ago, a 7.0 magnitude earthquake struck Haiti, plunging an already poor and unstable country into complete and utter chaos. In the days and weeks that followed, international responses and donations were overwhelming. Yet almost all of the assistance provided to Haiti has bypassed its government, leaving it even less capable than before. Humanitarian agencies, NGOs, private contractors, and other non-state service providers have received 99 percent of relief aid -- less than 1 percent of aid in the immediate aftermath of the quake went to public institutions or to the government. And only 23 percent of the longer-term recovery funding was channeled through the Haitian government. Figure 1 shows the breakdown of relief aid from all donors to Haiti, by recipient.
Haiti is often called the "Republic of NGOs." Because of the limited capacity of the Haitian government and weak national institutions, NGOs have risen to play a very prominent role, one equivalent to a quasi-privatization of the state. One study found that even before the January 2010 earthquake, NGOs provided 70 percent of health care, and private schools (mostly NGO-run) accounted for 85 percent of national education. Charities and NGOs have become the main thoroughfare for foreign assistance as a result of the immense volatility in Haitian politics and U.S. reluctance to give aid directly to the Haitian government. NGOs are seen as more stable and can be held more accountable to international donors than the government. International nonprofit organizations also bring much-needed expertise and a stable stream of funding to the country.
Yet this situation is a Catch-22. The dominance of international NGOs has created a parallel state more powerful than the government itself. NGOs in Haiti have built an alternative infrastructure for the provision of social services, creating little incentive for the government to build its capacity to deliver services. A "brain drain" from the public sector to the private, nonprofit sector is also observable, pulling talent away from government offices and resulting in the Haitian concept of the "klas ONG" (NGO class). Even quantifying the number of NGOs operating in Haiti is a hurdle: the number is estimated to be anywhere from 343 to 20,000.
National guilds that set national mandatory membership requirements for NGO registration. An NGO code of conduct might also be developed on the basis of aspirational goals rather than strict guidelines. Penalties can vary from a fine to a suspension or de-listing for organization found to be in violation of the code. NGO-led clubs with high standards for membership, similar to certification or accreditation. Membership acts as a signal of quality, often providing member organizations access to donor funding or other services. The code itself may be a mix of cardinal values and specific practices such as providing annual reports or audited financial statements. Industry codes, which are the most common form of voluntary self-regulation. Similar to guild requirements, these standards usually reflect broad values and goals that are set at an industry level, typically through an industry association or other third-party. Although they would apply to all NGOs, monitoring and enforcement may be weak.
In a forthcoming paper, we discuss some of the options for improving the relationship between NGOs and the Government of Haiti, with a view to building public institutions and government capacity. We recommend that NGOs working in Haiti be asked to sign the equivalent of the Paris Declaration for aid donors -- one that would require registration, coordination, and cooperation with the government. Mary Kay Gugerty, an expert on voluntary regulation and accountability programs in the NGO community, presents three solutions that African countries have used to manage NGOs. These may be relevant to Haiti:
A system for registration of NGOs would be a good start, especially as the government still has limited capacity. Eventually, the government might be able to monitor NGO activities and ensure coordination. The most comprehensive directory of NGO registration so far, with almost 1,000 organizations profiled, is headed by the Office of the UN Special Envoy for Haiti. Its template can be used to make registration a national requirement. The Office of the UN Special Envoy might also facilitate the creation of a more in-depth accreditation and evaluation process, along the model of an NGO-led club.
Meanwhile, the government (and the international donor community, which is committed at least on paper to supporting the government) should focus on core functions, in particular "core governance": security, civil service, core infrastructure, legal and regulatory reforms, and public financial management and corruption. These are areas where NGOs cannot provide services but are vital for any sustained recovery. This focus would ensure that the state does not remain completely dependent on charities. NGOs, meanwhile, could continue to provide valuable services, especially in the social sector.
Haiti's challenges are enormous and there are no easy answers. However, a two-pronged strategy --- registration and monitoring of NGOs and a governmental and donor focus on "core governance" -- may be a good start.
Terry Collins Chatted with Mike Francesa About Not Pulling Matt Harvey in the World Series, How Yoenis Cespedes is Like Barry Bonds, and Other Stuff
Roger Cormier Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 18, 2017
The former Mets manager also answered questions about Michael Conforto, Noah Syndergaard, Jacob deGrom and David Wright.
Photo: Brad Penner-USA TODAY Sports
When it became clear Terry Collins' tenure as Mets manager was coming to an end this season — and not by personal preference — fans eagerly anticipated Collins spilling more tea than the Sons of Liberty. Sadly, Collins took a front office job where it would be unprofessional to dish about who really left a present in Kevin Plawecki's locker, but his talk with the “retiring” radio personality at WFAN Presents: Francesa, A Night to Remember at the Tilles Center Wednesday night was pretty interesting all the same.
For starters, Francesa transported his live audience back to this past Aug. 16, when Travis d'Arnaud had to play both second base and third base all night. The radio personality was chatting with Collins in the latter's office and remembered Collins saying he was going to put Yoenis Cespedes at third. There is no doubt in my mind 1)Cespedes wanted Collins to do this, and 2) Collins was smart not to.
SNY/MLB
After Collins earned an applause break for recounting how the Mets won the pennant in 2015 on what would have been his parents' 52nd wedding anniversary, Francesa decided to take us back to an even more sad day in franchise history. The following is a transcript. I bolded some parts for “well that is pretty darn interesting” emphasis.
Mike:
I remember I'm in the stands that night when Harvey is pitching that amazing game, and that moment is going to define the Mets and you forever, how -
Terry:
I know…
*Audience laughed*
Mike:
When you go back and relive it, have you relived it a million, I mean really right? There he is he's begging you to go back out there, the whole building is yelling for him to go back out there they're going crazy, how about that…tell me about what happened in the dugout during that whole scene because that was one of the most dramatic things I ever saw.
Terry:
Well he came in and first of all — the toughest part was he had an eight pitch 8th inning, and so he comes off the mound in the 8th inning and he walks in the dugout and I said as he walks by me I said, “That's it.” He went over to grab his jacket and he stopped and came back and said, “You got to let me go out there. This is my night, this is my game! I'm fine, you got to let me have this game” and I said “Well you got the first two guys.” And certainly, it didn't work out but um, you know…
Mike:
I would have done the same thing. You know listen: that guy he went out there and jumped on the mound and the only thing I think to this day is why he threw a 3–2 slider. As good as he was -
Terry:
3–2 slider. With a two run lead, yeah -
Mike:
Why was he throwing Cain a 3–2 slider? That's the tough one, that's the tough because he was so pumped up, you know? I can see it in front of me right now!
*Audience laughed. Terry changed the subject to fellow guest Bernie Williams briefly, then got back into it.*
Terry:
Matt was so good, his slider was so good, I know his only thought was ‘I'm striking this guy out' and that's why he threw it. I will tell you Mike I love confrontations: I love when you know a player is serious and he looks you in the eye and he's got that fire burning in his eye that this is his time. You got to let him have it, you got to let him do it, because I asked a lot of those guys during the season, because you know a month earlier we had gone through a situation about pitch limits, pitch innings limits with him, and he got caught up and he was at 180 innings and then the next thing you know and that became, he got ripped about that and his teammates were down on him a little bit and I thought this was his night to rectify all that and I gave him that opportunity and it just didn't work.
(Just in case you understandably blocked Game 5 of the 2015 World Series from memory: the 3–2 slider to leadoff hitter Lorenzo Cain resulted in a walk. Cain stole second, Eric Hosmer doubled him in, and Harvey finally departed.)
It was the first week of September 2015 when Harvey's agent Scott Boras publicly feuded with the Mets over his client's innings limit. It was also the first week of September 2015 when Matt Harvey wrote a piece in The Players' Tribune titled “I Will Pitch in the Playoffs”. On Sept. 26, after some skipped turns in the rotation and abbreviated appearances, Harvey again memorably put the issue to rest when he stayed in to throw 97 pitches over 6.2 innings in the division clinching game against the Cincinnati Reds. Collins seemed to imply to Francesa that the controversy was still not forgotten by Harvey's teammates — two playoff round victories and almost as many months later, and it informed his decision to leave Matthew Edward Harvey in to face the third and fourth hitters of the Kansas City Royals. To use the word “interesting” is to be lazy, but it's also sometimes the only word that fits.
Francesa then asked Collins about specific players.
Mike:
Give me one thought on these guys for the fans: Cespedes.
Terry:
Well tool-for-tool, he's as good as anybody in baseball.
Mike:
Hard to manage?
Terry:
Well he's a different guy to manage.
Mike:
Quirky.
Terry:
He's a quirky guy, he's a different, you know -
Mike:
Runs down to first base to beat out an infield hit and then loafs in left-center field. I mean so, if you can figure it out? I don't get it. That's him.
*Terry laughed hard, as if he remembered halfway through his laughter about the time Cespedes said he hopes he can be managed by Bob Melvin again, who happened to be the opposing team's manager that night.*
Terry:
I'm gonna tell you I have seen this guy hit like three ground balls in a game and run 4.8 [seconds] to first base -
Mike:
Like legit. Legit(?)
Terry:
And then all of a sudden in the 9th inning with the game on the line hit a ground ball to the shortstop and beat it out, but you know what I saw Barry Bonds do the same thing.
Mike:
He has the ability to be a great player.
Terry:
He has the ability to turn the league upside down if he wants to.
Mike:
Syndergaard.
Terry:
Um…next year when they mentioned those three guys that they did today for the Cy Young, he's going to be one of those guys in that group.
*Audience approved.*
Mike:
deGrom.
Terry:
Jake deGrom is the old school baseball player in the new school era. He's a competitor, he takes the baseball, doesn't want to give it up. No excuses. Extremely accountable for everything, one of the best teammates I've ever been around.
Mike:
Conforto.
*three second silence* *some chuckles from the audience; I assume they are readers of our twitter because of this*
Terry:
I just hope he comes back from this injury.
Mike:
He's got a chance to be really good?
Terry:
He's got a chance to be great. What happened last year he went back to his old swing…
Mike:
Freaky injury.
Terry:
Unbelievable freaky injury but the surgery and that such and that…these guys are so strong Mike, that I'm just so worried that if he doesn't take his time in rehabbing that shoulder that that joint loosens up again there could be problems.
Mike:
Ugh. Uh, and two that are a little tougher. Harvey. Can he get back to being Matt Harvey? That we saw early on? Will we ever see that Harvey again?
Terry:
I'm not sure he'll ever see the velocity again. I think the injuries that he's had had curtailed that but you know what, I saw Matt pitch great games and throw 94–95; he didn't have to throw 98. If he gets the slider back which I think was the pitch that he was most affected by this year, if that returns in his repertoire, Matt Harvey will win some games for the Mets.
Mike:
And one that everybody is pulling for: David Wright. Does he have any chance to come back and play? You love David Wright.
Terry:
I love David Wright, he's the most special kid I have ever been around. I think he's got a long road back, a tough road back, but he's so determined to put that uniform on again. Will he ever be the old David Wright? No one knows, but if anyone can pull through this it would be him.
By the way you can now prove to us you have good fundamentals by donating to our Patreon page.
Follow
index
Submissions from 1996 1996
PDF
Uncertainty And The Institutional Structure Of Capitalist Economies, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
Submissions from 1995 1995
PDF
A Positive Program for Successful Capitalism, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Book Review: The Poverty of Welfare Reform, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Financial Factors in the Economics of Capitalism, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Forward: Political Economy for the Next Century, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Keynes, in the end of Laissez-Faire..., Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Outline of an Article about Keynes for Davidson, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Reforming Banking in 1995: Repeal of the Glass Steagall Act, Some Basic Issues, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Sources of Financial Fragility: Financial Factors in the Economics of Capitalism, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Tariff for Revenue, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The American Economy in 1994: Awaiting a New Policy Paradigm, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Balanced Budget Amendment: A Time Bomb to Subvert American Prosperity, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Employment System, Social Security and Structure of Household Savings, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Would Repeal of the Glass Steagall Act Benefit the US Economy, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Would Universal Banking Benefit the U.S. Economy?, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
Submissions from 1994 1994
PDF
Financial Institutions, Economic Policy and the Dynamic Behavior of the Economy, Domenico Delli Gatti, Mauro Gallegati, and Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Ethics and Capitalism, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Failed and Successful Capitalisms: Lessons From the Twentieth Century, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Financial Instability and the Decline (?) of Banking: Public Policy Implications, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Flat Tailed Probability Distribution, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Full Employment and Economic Growth as Objectives of Economic Policy: Some Thoughts on the Limits of Capitalism, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Is 'Keynesian Policy' Still Viable?, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Issues in Bank Regulation and Supervision, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Marxian Economics: A Centenary Appraisal, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Memo for Potential Labor and Economy Program, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Notes on: Proposal for a Conference at the University of "Bergamo", Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Outine for Issues in Bank Regulation and Supervision, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Policy Forum: Public Investment, Capital Budgets and Economic Growth, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Regulation and Supervision, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Debt Deflation Theory of Great Depressions, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Financial Instability Hypothesis and Current Common Problems of Rich Capitalist Economies, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Financial System in the Decade Ahead: What Should Banks Do? Setting the Policy Agenda, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Why Not Give Full Employment a Chance, Dimitri B. Papadimitriou Ph.D. and Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
Submissions from 1993 1993
PDF
Blueprint for Financial Reform, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Chapters for Modern Money: Preconditions for a Successful Capitalism, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Comment on Ben Bernanke, ‘Credit in the Macroeconomy', Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Community Development Banks: An Idea In Search of Substance, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Community Service and Development Banks: A Concept Paper, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Creation of a Capitalist Financial System, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Essential, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Finance and Stability: The Limits of Capitalism, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Financial Integration and National Economic Policy, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Financial Structure and the Financing of the Capital Development of the Economy, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
“Financing Prosperity in the 21st Century”: Opening Remarks, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
March 1933/March 1993, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Market Structures and Investment Behavior, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Stagnation -- Notes for Bill Clinton, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Economic Problem at the End of the Second Millenium: Creating Capitalism, Reforming Capitalism, Making Capitalism Work, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Essential Characteristics of Post-Keynesian Economics, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Essential Characteristics of Post-Keynesian Economics, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Community Development Banking: A Proposal to Establish a Nationwide System of Community Development Banks, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D., Dimitri B. Papadimitriou Ph.D., Ronnie J. Phillips Ph.D, and L. Randall Wray Ph. D.
Submissions from 1992 1992
PDF
Assuming Clinton Wins, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Banks and Banking, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Beyond Shock Therapy: The Creation of the Financial Institutions for a Successful Capitalism, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Call for Papers: Conference: “Financing and The Payments Mechanism in, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Consumption Tax Can Bring Back Thrifty American, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Consumption Taxes Belong on the Agenda, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Economic Prospects: Containment and Expansion (Introduction), Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Economics for Democrats 1, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Financial Instability and APT Bank Supervision, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Financing and The Payments Mechanism in The Modern Environment -- Call for Papers, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Introduction -- Economic Prospects: Containment and Expansion, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
March 1933/March 1992, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
March 4, 1933/March 4, 1992, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Market Structures and Investment Behavior - Audio, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Money, Banking and Finance and the Performance of End of the Millenium Capitalism, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Newspaper: Commentary and articles, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Policy, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Prices in a Capital Using Capitalist Economy II, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Prices in a Financially Sophisticated Capital-Using Capitalist Economy, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Reconstituting the Financial Structure: The United States, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Salient Attributes of Post- Keynesian Economics, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Schumpeter and Finance, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Stabilizing an Unstable Economy: Testing the Institutional Structure, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Capital Development of the Economy and the Structure of Financial Institutions, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Meaning of Clinton's Victory, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Structure of Financial Institutions and the Dynamic Behavior of the Economy, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Yes, There is a Democratic Economics, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
Submissions from 1991 1991
PDF
1991: Recession or Depression?, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
An Agenda for a Good Financial Economy - Audio, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
An Historic and Theoretic Perspective on Credit Crunches, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Apology for Being, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Depression, 1990's Style, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Financial Crises: Systemic or Idiosyncratic - Audio File, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Financial Crises: Systemic or Idiosyncratic - Conference Paper, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Financial Crises: Systemic or Idiosyncratic - Working Paper, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Illiquidity Investing, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Il Parere di Hyman P. Minsky, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Introduction, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
“It Was a Great Victory! or?, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Lessons From History - Opportunities for Reform, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Memo: What Would It Take for the United States to Become Another Argentina?, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
The Rationale for the Conference: An Agenda for the Good Financial Economy, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
Submissions from 1990 1990
PDF
Banking Reform and the Resumption of Sustained Growth, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Comments on the Federal Reserve, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Credit and Finance in the Emerging “Great Europe”, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Endogeneity of Money, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Fragility and Resiliance of the International Financial Structure: Some General Conditions and their Applicability to Current Conditions, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Introduction, Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
PDF
Notes and Comments on Henry Simons' "Introduction: A Political Credo", Hyman P. Minsky Ph.D.
His latest book of musings, the elegantly designed Religion for Atheists, has the potential to become his biggest-selling title yet. According to the dust-jacket blurb: ''Alain de Botton's inspiring book boldly argues that the supernatural claims of religion are entirely false - and yet religions still have some very important things to teach the secular world.'' The man will be in Sydney next month on another speaking tour, no doubt stumping up sales. Yet, famously, de Botton is one of the few writers in the world who can afford never to sell a single book. His Australian publishers had warned me that ''Alain doesn't like to talk about his private life''. Presumably, this is a reference to the fact his father, Gilbert de Botton (a Jewish banker who was born in Egypt but moved to Switzerland to head Rothschild Bank before founding Global Asset Management), provided for Alain with a $400 million-plus trust fund. Naturally, this has provoked both jealousy and ire from writers whose parents were somewhat less financially endowed. Even though the son claims to have left the trust fund untouched, earning his own keep from his writing and entrepreneurial activities, de Botton continues to attract vindictive verbal assaults. (One Guardian critic called him ''a slap-headed, ruby-lipped pop philosopher who's forged a lucrative career stating the bleeding obvious''.) Though de Botton had an ethically Jewish upbringing, he quickly corrects my assumption that he was raised in the Jewish religion. ''Oh no, I was brought up in a very atheistic Jewish family,'' he says. ''My father was like [fellow atheist author] Richard Dawkins's [father] - very fiercely anti-religion.''
Now de Botton is a father himself, of two boys aged seven and five. So, as a committed atheist, what does he tell them about religion? Is he dogmatic? Or does he protect their innocence, knowing they will make up their own minds when they are older? ''That's interesting,'' he says, momentarily nonplussed. ''Obviously it has just been Christmas, so they were in a nativity play, and there were lots of carols going on. You can't get away from it. But I suppose I try to explain it in a naturalistic way. I say: 'There's something called religion and it was invented a long time ago by people who felt very out of control with their lives, who didn't know … why the sun always rose over the mountains. Nowadays people don't find religion so convincing any more. ''But at the same time, I tell my children what I think myself. That religion is not necessarily convincing but it is still interesting and not to be laughed at or denigrated. That is the message of the book - that religious people are not crazy or evil or bad.'' So did he tell his sons Santa doesn't exist? ''They seem to have come to their own conclusions about Santa Claus. When my wife occasionally said things like, 'Be good, otherwise Santa won't give you any presents,' they just said, 'Don't be stupid.' They are utterly unconvinced and cynical, way ahead of me [at the same age].'' Of course, de Botton is hardly the first Oxbridge-educated atheist in the past decade to declare profitably that God is dead.
Apart from Dawkins's The God Delusion (2009) and the late Christopher Hitchens's God Is Not Great (2007), A.C. Grayling has also graced the world's bestseller lists with his more nuanced views. So why do we need another book? And what makes de Botton's 318-page essay different? ''There's been this very oppressive strand - and, as you say, it is a British elite movement led by men in their 60s, a very tight demographic,'' he says. ''Most of these books spend 400 pages hammering home this point [that God doesn't exist]. That anyone who thinks God does exist is an idiot. What about the resurrection? It's clearly nonsense. ''Their entire time is spent knocking religion. It's as if that is all they think being an atheist means. ''My starting point is: hang on a minute, guys. Do we really need to do this? Is it really so important to spend the whole time just mocking? As atheists, let's take the next step: atheism 2.0. Yes, it is true religion isn't scientifically accurate. But is there something interesting here for the secular world to learn from? ''For too long, it seems, being an atheist has meant that you believe that in the secular world we've got everything sorted out. That we are completely able to live [a full life] with technology, romantic love and television.
''But, of course, the modern world has lots of problems. Some of those problems could at least be alleviated by lessons from religion. I see religion as a storehouse of lots of really good ideas that a secular world should look at, raid and learn from.'' According to de Botton, this is a daring stance. ''Obviously my book is going to upset two camps,'' he says. ''Religious people, who are going to say: 'How can you steal our ideas but not believe? That's horrible, heretical.' To which my answer is: why do we need to believe it? Why can't we just learn from it? ''The other people who will get upset are those fierce atheists who will say: 'Don't spend any time considering religion's [good points]. The whole thing is just poisonous.' To which my answer is: 'No, some bits may be. But not the whole thing.''' At this point, it is time to play devil's advocate. Or maybe God's advocate? Could this entire, vitriolic debate between Oxbridge's brightest be out of kilter with the real world? Surely, there is a large proportion of any Christian congregation, for example, that wouldn't sign off on the literal truth of the Virgin Birth.
Likewise, most atheists recognise our modern secular world has been shaped by the Bible, the Torah, the Koran, Buddhist texts and the collective wisdom of the ancients. Aren't most of us in Western society - religious or atheist - relaxed with the cliche that what unites us is greater than that which divides us? That educated Westerners (at whom the book is aimed) overwhelmingly accept that the finest ground rules for an admittedly imperfect society (as well as some of the worst) were first defined by the rabbi, monk, mullah or swami? ''I don't think it is as relaxed as that,'' de Botton says. ''My experience is that a lot of people will say this: 'Is the modern world shallow and spiritually empty in lots of ways?' Yes, broad agreement: 'We are materialistic, goal-oriented. But what else is there?' Religion? 'No, that is unbelievable. I went to church and couldn't swallow it. The music was nice but I don't belong there. I tried Buddhism but Buddhism believes in reincarnation and the worship of supernatural deities and I couldn't swallow that, either.' ''So they are searching. Perhaps they have children and want to teach them a moral code. The Ten Commandments? That's not going to work. Nor is the Koran or some Buddhist text. ''So these people are stuck between the religious world and the secular, modern world. And it is those people I am addressing in this book. And I think they are quite widespread.''
Religion for Atheists will be published on January 25 by Hamish Hamilton, $35. Alain de Botton will speak at the Sydney Opera House on February 23.
It's been nearly 20 years since Gwen Jacob took a history-making topless jaunt through downtown Guelph. It's been 15 years since charges against her were overturned in a case that gave Ontarian woman the legal right to be topless in public — a right previously exclusive to men.
Andrea Crinklaw, one of the organizers of the Top Freedom Day of Pride gets her body painted in downtown Guelph Saturday, Aug. 28, 2010. The event to celebrate women's right to go topless drew about 25 participants and many more onlookers. ( TONY SAXON / THE CANADIAN PRESS ) Observers outnumbered shirt-free women and men by about 10 to 1 for the first half of the Top freedom Day of Pride in Guelph on Saturday, Aug. 28, 2010, an event that encourages everyone - but women especially - to go top-free in public. Most of the observers were men, many in dark sunglasses. ( AMY DEMPSEY / TORONTO STAR )
On Saturday, blocks away from where Jacob bravely bared her breasts, dozens of women and men took their shirts off for Top Freedom Day of Pride — an event aimed at desensitizing the masses to the female breast. Event organizers Andrea Crinklaw and Lindsay Webb, both students at the University of Guelph, say woman may have the legal right to bare chests, but they do not have the social freedom to do it comfortably. They want women to be comfortable without tops on in the same places where men roam shirtless.
Article Continued Below
“If it could be like in Europe where women are able to be top-free on the beaches or roller blade down the street without a shirt and people aren't appalled by it — that would be amazing,” Crinklaw said. Jacob was 19 when she had her topless day in Guelph. She is a female friend were walking through campus on a blistering July day in 1991 when they saw a group of male students — naked from the waste up — playing sports. Jacob and her friend, who were fully clothed at the time, mused about the inequality of the situation. Then Jacob decided to do something about it. She was later arrested and charged with committing an indecent act. For years after she won her court battle, Jacob told the Star Saturday, she was known as “that woman from Guelph who took her shirt off.” “I have no idea what I was getting myself into,” she said. “I was young and it completely took over my life.”
Jacob, who has avoided the limelight since then, didn't attend Saturday's event in Guelph. She said she became jaded after seeing how the media covered her story. She said the focus was on the sexual aspect — “the T and A” — instead of the human rights issue at stake. She worried that would become focus of the Guelph event and that “flocks of gawkers” would show up and ruin the experience.
Article Continued Below
“It truly is a liberating experience,” she said. “When I took off my shirt I actually took off the definition of who I was supposed to be.” “I hope the environment is conducive to that.” It didn't start out that way. About 50 observers — mostly male — sat in St. George's Square in downtown Guelph waiting for the event to begin. Crinklaw and Webb were among the first to peel off their tops in what started out as a painfully shy event. Only a handful of women took their shirts off in the first hour. The people with cameras and dark glasses may have had something to do with it. “If you are here just to see boobs and be creepy, we encourage you to move on,” Webb told the crowd. “We want to have a safe space here for women to exercise their right to be top free,” co-organizer Andrea Crinklaw said. “Women, we want you to be empowered. Men, we want you to be supportive. And everybody, be respectful.” Cheers, applause and a few cat calls followed. Carolyn Munroe, 56, and Tina Frieson, 42, came planning to bare their chests. “We're hoping to do it, and our husbands are hoping that we do it, but I just feel that we're a little bit on display right now,” Munroe said. Live music and professional body painters helped to ease the crowd out of its initial awkwardness. By late afternoon a few dozen men and women were dancing, laughing and mingling – shirtless and smiling. Most of the gawkers disappeared. In the end, Munroe and Frieson went for it. Munroe had three kinds of colourful flowers painted across her chest. Frieson went with two red roses and a yellow smiley face over one nipple. Phil Longstaff, 50, sat shirtless in the square, his chest painted with bright balloons. He said he doesn't understand why women's breasts are still considered such a highly sexual object by society. “We got over ankles,” he said. “Why can't we get over breasts?”
Jun '13 7
My Favorite Bit: Bradley P. Beaulieu talks about THE FLAMES OF SHADAM KHOREH
Bradley P. Beaulieu and I met at Orson Scott Card's Literary Boot Camp in 2005. The story that he wrote in that class stays with me to this day. Now, he's got three novels out and I toooootally knew him when.
So please give Brad your attention as he tells you about his Favorite Bit.
BRADLEY P. BEAULIEU
It happened as a matter of chance.
In the early pages of my third book, The Flames of Shadam Khoreh, I'm telling a story of a growing war, a war that was born and that blossomed in the second novel in the trilogy. The primary characters are on a quest to find a fabled stone, a crucial piece needed to heal the rifts that have been forming throughout the world. They're searching for the lost valley of Shadam Khoreh, a place far removed from the warfront, and I feared that the trouble brewing in the world—largely the war itself, but also the fallout from the deadly wasting disease caused by the rifts—wouldn't get enough attention. I felt that the weight of worldly events wouldn't be fully realized.
So I added another character.
His name was Styophan Andrashayev, and he was a soldier, a strelet in service to Nikandr Khalakovo and his brother, the Duke. Styophan was sent west in command of a small fleet of windships to treat with a band of vicious tribesmen known as the Haelish. The Haelish had long been enemies of the Empire, and so the Grand Duchy had good reason to speak with them.
But when Styophan's fleet arrives, things are … not what he expected, and he soon finds himself on a long journey to deal with the surprises the Empire had in store for him.
As I read over the novel one last time before calling it final, I found that Styophan, without my even realizing it, had stolen the show. My ears perked up when I came to his sections. I was invested in the other threads, certainly—they were filled with characters and a story I had come to love, after all—but there was something about Styophan that intrigued me.
It took a review to crystalize it for me. Justin Landon at Staffer's Book Review called Styophan an everyman character, and he is. He's removed to a degree from the weight that sits on the shoulders of the aristocracy. He's not embroiled in magic and the ephemeral nature of using it. He loves his country dearly, but his mind is weighed more by thoughts of his wife and growing a family than it is the welfare of the entire Grand Duchy.
Styophan, in other words, brought a sense of counterpoint to the other characters—a view from the trenches—and it helped to round out the tale that would have been poorer without it. In paintings you'll see light used to counterbalance dark, an opposing color used to make the primary stand out more. Such was the case here. Styophan's addition brightened the entire story.
And that's why his tale is my Favorite Bit.
RELEVANT LINKS
www.quillings.com
The Winds of Khalakovo, available now from Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Smashwords, and Audible.
The Straits of Galahesh, available now from Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Smashwords, and Audible.
The Flames of Shadam Khoreh available from Amazon , Barnes & Noble, and Smashwords
BIO
Bradley P. Beaulieu is the author of The Flames of Shadam Khoreh, a Russian-inspired epic fantasy that has been called “a special series with one of the best concluding volumes in the history of epic fantasy.” Brad and his novels have garnered many accolades and most anticipated lists, including two Hotties—the Debut of the Year and Best New Voice—on Pat's Fantasy Hotlist, a Gemmell Morningstar Award nomination for The Winds of Khalakovo, and more. In May of 2013 Brad released Lest Our Passage Be Forgotten & Other Stories, his premiere short story collection. Brad also co-hosts Speculate! The Podcast for Writers, Readers, and Fans at www.speculatesf.com. For more, please visit www.quillings.com.
Did you know you can support Mary Robinette on Patreon!
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Reddit
More
Pocket
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading...
A victim of the Sarona market attack in Tel Aviv last week, which claimed 4 lives and left 16 wounded, is expected to be discharged from hospital in the upcoming days despite being shot twice in the head.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
This miracle can be ascribed to the resourcefulness of the doctors at Ichilov Hospital and sheer luck.
Assaf Bar, a 27-year-old resident of Haifa, had two bullets lodged two centimeters in his head which, from a medical perspective, is relatively superficial. The doctors decided not to remove one of the bullets that entered the back of his head, for the time being, since it doesn't pose a danger to his life or health.
The second bullet was more problematic since it penetrated the area behind the ear, making its way two centimeters in without exiting Assaf's head. Due to the severe bleeding which ensued and the fear that it could cause permanent brain damage, the doctors decided to perform emergency surgery during which they extracted the bullet.
Assaf Bar at Ichilov Hospital in Tel Aviv (Photo: Yariv Katz)
Assaf recounted Monday the terrifying moments at the café where he was shot while sitting with his girlfriend. "I saw the terrorists. They sat at a table near us but I did not suspect anything. I was hit first. I was shot in the head at the very beginning of the event, just before paying the bill, a moment before we intended to leave. "
Those around Assaf were emotionally moved as he mentioned that his mother died from cancer three weeks ago. "I took care of my mother during the last two years. It was a difficult time during which my mother never stopped fighting despite the toxins she was receiving and despite their side effects. My mother died knowing that she did she could to nothing to prevent it."
Assaf Bar (Photo: Yariv Katz)
Regarding the attack he said, “Two despicable terrorists murdered four innocent people who went out to have a good time. I refuse to accept the reality that exists in the country, that innocent people are murdered and that no efforts are made to prevent it.”
Doctors say Assaf can expect to make a full recovery from his injuries and return to a completely normal life. When asked how he felt, Assaf said, “I've got some headaches and hearing problems, but every day I feel stronger and I hope to continue to do so."
The Director of Neurosurgery at Ichilov Hospital, Professor Tzvika Ram stated, "Assaf is a great example that despite having been shot twice in the head, with lots of luck and the quick and immediate treatment by Dr. Strauss, he stands before you today."
"His condition can be defined as light, and he is expected to be discharged in a few days.” Finally, he even joked about the bullet remaining in his head: "It won't bother him at all. It may serve as an amulet and will help stop more bullets."
The mayor of Tel Aviv has blamed Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories for an attack on a cafe that left four Israelis dead. The country's deputy defense minister labeled the remarks “bizarre” and “delusional.”
"We might be the only country in the world where another nation is under occupation without civil rights,” Mayor Ron Huldai told Israeli Army Radio, referring to the Wednesday attack by two Palestinian gunmen.
“You can't hold people in a situation of occupation and hope they'll reach the conclusion everything is alright,” he added.
The mayor went on to state that “no one has the courage” to find peace with the Palestinians, and called for attempts to strike an agreement.
Read more
"There has been an occupation for 49 years, which I was part of and I know the reality, and I know leaders need courage to not just talk...we have to show our neighbours that we have true intentions to return to a reality of a smaller Jewish state with a clear Jewish majority,” Huldai said.
However, not all Israeli politicians agree with Huldai's statements. In fact, his remarks were labeled “bizarre” and “delusional” by Deputy Defense Minister Eli Ben-Dahan.
"I heard the mayor of Tel Aviv saying the ‘occupation' is to blame, or that it's because we don't have a peace treaty with the Palestinians, and that's why we have terrorism," Ben-Dahan told an audience at the Institute of National Security Studies.
"I want to remind him that there was terrorism here 100 years ago, and in 1929 Jews were murdered [in a massacre in Hebron] and there was no State of Israel. There wasn't even an ‘occupation,'” he continued.
The two Palestinian perpetrators in the attack opened fire at the cafe in Sarona Market on Wednesday night, with video footage showing the moment of the siege. Both men are in custody, and one has undergone surgery after being shot by police.
In response to the attack, Israel has frozen entry permits for 83,000 Palestinians during the holy month of Ramadan. Authorities have also said they will send hundreds more troops to the West Bank.
The imposed restrictions on travel permits have been somewhat criticized by Washington, with the US State Department saying that consequences for innocent Palestinians should also be considered by Israel. Speaking at a news briefing on Thursday, State Department spokesman Mark Toner said that the government's decision to protect its civilians was understandable, but added: "...[W]e would hope that any measures it takes are designed to also take into consideration the impact on Palestinian citizens that are trying to go about their daily lives."
Huldai's Thursday statements refer to Israel's disputed settlements built on lands that have been occupied since the 1967 Six-Day War. There are currently over 230 settlements in total, housing more than half a million Israelis in the West Bank, East Jerusalem, and the Golan Heights.
The creation of the #PeDont tag by #GamerGate members after the recent sickening revelations about a prominent opponent is an opportunity for GamerGate to do some good in the grand tradition of other online groups like opDarkNet.
The left and their ilk have been apologising in various ways for paedophilia for decades. Last year, I wrote an article exposing a British activist called Peter Tatchell because ‘back in the day' he wrote a chapter for a book in which he questioned the idea of having an age of consent at all.
This sickening subculture needs to end, and the brave activists who support #GamerGate and #PeDont can help, just like opDarkNet.
The internet, sadly like the real world, is full of creepers –
There are actual paedophiles – always seeking victims, fellow travellers and dupes to treat them as an oppressed minority.
Then there are those who enable them – stupid or arrogant academics – political leaders such as in Rotherham.
Finally there are so-called jokers and edgelords. These are not so much a threat, and as a cultural libertarian I am reluctant to include them, but the difficulty is they are often the thin end of a wedge. Apologists and perpetrators often begin things as a joke – and when caught will often claim they were only trolling, or “playing devil's advocate”. We have seen where that leads.
Simply by polite condemnation and questioning, #GamerGate supporters can do a great deal of good. There are always those trying to ‘push the envelope' –
In 2008 Woolworths had to withdraw a range of beds called, ‘Lolita' (archive here). The range was considered creepy because, ‘Lolita' is the name of an infamous book by Vladimir Nabokov about paedophile exploitation and obsession. The character ‘Lolita' is groomed and abused by the lead, Humbert Humbert – a paedophile.
In 2010 Next had to withdraw a range of baby-gro clothing because it was covered in penis drawings (archive here).
In 2010 Primark had to withdraw a range of padded bras for children as young as 7 (archive here).
In 2011 a ‘Lolita' perfume ad had to be banned for, yes, sexualising children (archive here).
Read stories in newspapers about paedophiles caught browsing illegal websites and the names are all the same – they include words like, ‘Lolita' or ‘Wonderland'. The reality is anything but ‘wonder' – in one court case the judge spoke harrowingly of a video of a young child being raped set to a soundtrack of screaming children. When police forensic officers search computers for illegal pornography, these are the kind of keywords they look for.
The web overflows with horror. One bizarre incident that happened to me not long after I set up the Twitter account for Matthew Hopkins News was unsolicited contact from a user called @SexOffenderUK (archive here). The user openly admits to being a convicted sex offender who is subject to a restraining order (called a SOPO) for same. Twitter was asked to investigate but found no breach of rules and took no action.
There are endless numbers of accounts with tasteless or simply outright awful names. I do not usually bother doing anything – not because I agree but because there are too many and life is too short. That attitude, I suspect, is a problem. We should all feel under a duty to ‘do something'.
One name I recently came across in passing was a user called @LolitaScent (display name Lolichops) (archive here) – and I used them in a recent, satirical video because they had interacted with Charlotte Proudman (@CRProudman).
My video only accused @LolitaScent of having a ‘creepy' name. It expressly and carefully states that they are not accused of paedophilia or any other offence. The description on my video also makes clear no offence is alleged and says merely, “I personally feel ‘@LolitaScent' is an offensive, poorly chosen name”.
The user's explanation was that it was named after a range of perfume. So? – the perfume itself has a tasteless name and the user, who claims in their profile to be a criminology graduate, must understand the appalling connotations of their chosen handle.
Reader's will see why people might find the name … off. @LolitaScent and her friends claim they have been hassled online for months. Your author cannot imagine why!
After the relatively mild criticism a wide variety of tactics were used in a vain attempt to silence and censor me. There were threats, some of which I took screenshots of and showed in the video. There were claims I –
sent threats over Twitter direct messages (nope, just a draft script of the video for comment, per standard journalistic ethics)
accused them of being a paedophile (nope, just having a tasteless name)
accused them of being a paedophile apologist (nope, see above)
There were emotional appeals in relation to a disability (so what?, a disability makes your name no less tasteless)!
There were even attempts to convince a couple of GGers that I had a personal army request. Nope. For the record no one mentioned in this article has a pre-existing conflict with me. The only reason I have mentioned these people is the issue at hand. I have not even asked anyone to do anything, although of course the ‘report' button is a perfectly lawful tool.
In an eerie echo of recent events elsewhere, several of @LolitaScent's supporters changed their display name to ‘Lolita' in solidarity, even after being told what it means. In a particularly bizarre move, others wrongly identified a person called ‘jay' as a sock of mine and spent all day harassing him. He laughed at them.
One of @LolitaScent's supporters, @SassyCassyL changed their name to ‘Lolita Cassy' (archive here). Another, @WelshTeaCup, changed their name to ‘Lolita BouTEAca' (archive here).
The storm of tweets would have seemed daunting to regular users – but I had nearly a million hits yesterday. I am used to critical tweets and impotent threats and I could see that it was a lot of tweets … from a handful of vewy angwy tweeters. They were soon blocked. Your author admits the traffic was a spike – a mix of the Gjoni story and the Proudman reported story – however it demonstrates the growing power of cultural libertarian media.
The attempt to brigade was ultimately futile but it does show the aggravation some users experience when challenging inappropriate behaviour on Twitter. And all I was doing was challenging an inappropriate name. The threats levelled at people who challenge more serious matters can be chilling indeed.
One of the creepers asked why I was not targeting all the other people with ‘edgy' names. It is actually a good question. I do not want to see names like @SexOffenderUK or @LolitaScent in my feed. Why not mass report them all?
Please understand, your author condemns and in no way condones harassing people – I ask you to act responsibly and not to do it – but equally there are lawful and courteous ways to deal with the obviously unacceptable.
#PeDont are right – there needs to be zero tolerance of paedophilia, and zero tolerance of creepy comments about it, including inappropriate terms and jokes. The activists of #PeDont can be proud of their work – another benevolent fruit of #GamerGate. Simply by letting these types of people know their behaviour is unacceptable, #PeDont are helping to clean up the internet.
Long may it continue.
I spent years in graduate school where terrified students would desperately try to make small talk with Stephen Hawking in the corridors. There were few other women and no one else who was not brilliant, or at least capable of convincingly acting the part. When we walk by one professor he averts his eyes and, facing the wall, mutters fervently and kneads his sweaty palms. We assume he is religious. As it turns out, he is simply frightened of women.
It is fortunate for him that there are so few of us. Another professor is reluctant to advise girls who will only get married and leave the field. Another refers to all women as Anna, what, in physics, we call a simplifying assumption. It doesn't matter anyway.
The women speak to the department chairman, a litany of small complaints: An elderly Fellow tried to kiss me. Someone grabbed me, I don't know who, they all laughed about it. Do we belong here? He sits back and shakes his head and says, helplessly, what do you want me to do?
In another universe we are terrifying and brazen, Amazons with steel breastplates. In this one, though, we are scared and tired and wary of wandering hands. The other girls are brilliant: They are required to be. I am stupid and 22 and in love with the famous young professor. He loves me too, until he doesn't.
The equations I study are like old friends to me; you can think of them as illustrations, maybe, or small, restful breaks between recognizable words. Here is one:
This is fairness in geometric form, the shape formed when everything is the same distance from the center. Mathematics liberates us from physical space. Increase n to add dimensions: point, line, circle, sphere. Go further: Embed curved hyperspheres in higher dimensional space. We can simplify complicated things, then complicate them further.
But sometimes things are simple. Look closely enough at a curved surface and it appears flat. You move
in straight lines down simple paths. Our everyday experiences are described by simple, familiar laws: inertia, force, reaction, f = ma.
So I show up every day, unwanted but noticed. There are simple narratives for girls like me: tried, used, found wanting. I feel like a white rabbit after the snow retreats in early spring. There is a gentlemen's agreement between us: Leave, and we will let you go. I graduate, barely, and go back to California. The sun shines, I am happy, and the universe goes on without me. Examined closely enough, everything is mundane.
Nature abhors a vacuum; physicists love one. We have rich vocabularies to describe different flavors of emptiness. There are false vacuums, classically stable but subject to the strangeness of quantum mechanics. These are universes ever prone to decay. The rot proceeds by bubble: True vacuum nucleates inside the false one, making a sphere of baby universe. Inside the bubble the constants of nature take new values. The laws are the same inside and out, but followed differently. We create worlds inside worlds, let others fall away.
Here is a fundamental law: We cannot go backward in time. And why would I? Sixteen, too skinny, angry at the world, and hoping not to be called to the board to solve equations. Refusing to learn times tables to 12. Dreams that do not require competence in basic algebra.
He sits back and says, helplessly, “What do you want me to do?”
But the world is not lacking in teenage aspiring actresses, and there is no shortage of prettier women hungry to play Wife, Girlfriend, Hot Girl 2. In drama class, we wait to be noticed. In astronomy class, we discuss the origin and fate of the universe. I can know more, if I am willing to learn to love the frightening grammar of equations. I have never felt stage fright, but math makes me nervous.
Slowly, though, I learn quantum mechanics and particle physics and turn in problem sets at the last minute. My grades are C's, then A's, then top in the class. This is who I am now. I win a scholarship, a prestigious one, to graduate school. I stumble.
It may be time for another equation:
It's named after a dead white man, Austrian enough to merit an umlaut. Schrödinger's equation: Is it a particle or a wave, neither nor both? Psi is the wave function that exists everywhere and nowhere, in all possible universes and some impossible ones too. It takes no form and has no character until it is observed and forced to collapse into reality. There are many worlds and everything we know exists in them all.
There are many universes in which my husband and I never meet, but it's hard to think of one in which I love him as much as here. In some bubble universe, the worst one, his face merges with that of the young professor, so different from him, and they look in opposite directions like a god on a Roman coin. In this one he is kind, likes animals, and makes joyful art that no one wants to pay for.
He comes with me when I leave graduate school. I take a job back home in California, and the shame and guilt at leaving physics dissipate like midday fog. I cling to the edges of science, dabbling in arms control, energy policy, network modeling, before finding work in the physics of climate change. There is something beautiful in the mess of air and water moving together and apart on a rotating sphere. There are useful and interesting problems to solve. There is a French woman in the office next door who is brilliant and friendly and pregnant with her second child, and we are all happy for her.
We are not geniuses, although the kindly man in the office down the hall has a MacArthur grant. There is no Einstein or Feynman, just petabytes of data and rapidly melting ice caps. I make mistakes and say stupid things and am allowed second, third, fourth chances.
After four years I start to forget the nasal whine of a hostile question and the blood sport of talks to aggressive audiences. I tell stories, funny ones, from grad school: the Fellow who ate only pickles, the night we got drunk and threw breadcrumbs at the Holbein portrait of Henry VIII. I laugh with my new colleagues and feel secure, protected, worth listening to. The sun streams through the double glazed windows onto the cheap gray-white desks and particleboard walls, and I believe I am happy.
And then we get married, and my husband is offered his dream job.
Here is Noether's Theorem, named for the woman who discovered it:
It tells us that physics rests on symmetries: The sameness of a perfect sphere viewed from every vantage point means something fundamental is preserved on it. Conservation laws of energy, momentum, and charge all arise from fundamental symmetries of nature. It is tempting to impose moral dimensions on this: Invariance means fairness, fairness means the preservation of important things. Symmetries are beautiful. But they are not eternal.
I stand on a hill between two identical valleys. Both possibilities are equally open to me so long as I remain undecided. Choice destroys this: Moving downward toward one valley means moving away from the other. Possibilities are closed. The symmetry is broken.
In drama class, we wait to be noticed. In astronomy class, we discuss the origin and fate of the universe.
When my husband is offered a position at an art college far away he does not hesitate. We go. I quit my job, pack the car, sweep the bougainvillea petals from the porch for the last time. New York City is a morass of garbage and sweating, hostile flesh. It feels strange, a different flavor of unhappiness. I talk to senior scientists, angling for a job, feeling awkward and uncomfortable. Anna, says the voice in my head, you got married and left. What a waste. What a shame.
In another universe my anger expands, dark enough to counteract gravity. Planets are blown into dust. We choose to stay. Or we go, and the snow piles thrown up by the New York cars are dazzlingly white and sweet as spun marzipan. There is no winter. There are days where I don't cry.
There are worse things, of course, in this world and others. He deserves happiness, and has it. I find work eventually. I like my new colleagues. What does it matter that I feel precarious, awkward, always neglecting something important? Here, I am a wife, and I will do what my mother and grandmothers and all other wives do. He worries, fusses, is helpful around the house. What do you want me to do?
I saved the best equation for last. It's my favorite, probably everyone else's too. Here it is:
These (and I'm afraid there are many of them contained in one elegant package) are the Einstein field equations, the core of general relativity. Force equals mass times acceleration, but mass itself is now situated in the universe, all universes, and warps space and time by its very existence. We can go backward in time to a singular point, where all symmetries are unbroken. We can determine the trajectories, pasts, and futures of objects, of planets, of this universe and others, almost exactly. Almost.
Something accelerates the expansion of the universe, ripping space apart faster, again, than the speed of light. We name it and do not know what it is. We describe it, prosaically perhaps, as Dark Energy, and it is as mysterious as it is powerful. It feels wrong, a cheat that exists only in an equation. What do we understand it to be? Intrusive gravity, perhaps, from another universe, or the decayed remnants of someone else's vacuum. It creates new horizons, new curtains beyond which we cannot see. It carries us further and further away from our neighbors, from each other, from what we know. We will never see each other again. We are never apart.
Kate Marvel is an associate research scientist at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies and Columbia University's department of applied physics and applied mathematics. She blogs about science at marvelclimate.blogspot.com.
The first ballot update for the NL's starting lineup for the July 15 All-Star Game was released on Wednesday, and Tulowitzki, with 745,823 votes, has more than a 500,000-vote lead over his nearest competitor. Cardinals catcher Yadier Molina (640,464) is the only other NL player with more than 600,000 votes, while Tulowitzki's teammate, Charlie Blackmon, leads the outfield voting and is third overall with 549,394.
Troy Tulowitzki is atop the National League in just about every offensive category, and now the Rockies shortstop is leading the league in popularity.
Troy Tulowitzki is atop the National League in just about every offensive category, and now the Rockies shortstop is leading the league in popularity.
The first ballot update for the NL's starting lineup for the July 15 All-Star Game was released on Wednesday, and Tulowitzki, with 745,823 votes, has more than a 500,000-vote lead over his nearest competitor. Cardinals catcher Yadier Molina (640,464) is the only other NL player with more than 600,000 votes, while Tulowitzki's teammate, Charlie Blackmon, leads the outfield voting and is third overall with 549,394.
Tulowitzki, hitting .373/.476/.711 with a 1.187 OPS -- all NL highs -- with 14 home runs and 37 RBIs entering play on Wednesday, is a three-time All-Star.
The Rockies shortstop is the second-leading vote-getter in Major League Baseball, trailing only Angels center fielder Mike Trout, who had received 764,007 votes in the American League balloting as of Tuesday.
Along with Tulowitzki and Blackmon, Colorado's Nolan Arenado also narrowly leads the third-base voting with 318,111, more than Milwaukee's Aramis Ramirez (282,843) and New York's David Wright (278,840) have received.
Blackmon and Arenado are vying for their first All-Star appearances, while all the other current leaders have been to the Midsummer Classic.
Fans can cast their votes for starting position players at MLB.com and all 30 club sites -- online or on a mobile device -- using the 2014 All-Star Game MLB.com Ballot Sponsored by Experian until Thursday, July 3, at 11:59 p.m. ET.
Fans may submit up to 25 online ballots, but they can also earn a one-time bonus of 10 additional online ballots. To access these additional online ballots, you must be logged into your MLB.com account when you submit any online ballot. If you do not have an MLB.com account, register on the site in accordance with the enrollment instructions for a free MLB.com account.
Fans this year once again can participate in the Home Run Derby Fan Poll. Fans will have the opportunity to select three players in each league who they would most like to see participate in the Home Run Derby. The 2014 Home Run Derby will be broadcast live on ESPN, ESPN HD, ESPN Deportes and ESPN Radio in the United States beginning at 8 p.m. ET on Monday, July 14.
The 2014 American League and National League All-Star teams will be unveiled on the 2014 MLB All-Star Game Selection Show during the weekend of July 5-6, with further details to follow-on MLB.com. Immediately following the announcement of the AL and NL All-Star rosters, fans can begin voting to select the final player for each league's 34-man roster via the 2014 All-Star Game MLB.com Final Vote Sponsored by Experian. Fans will cast their votes from a list of five players from each league over the balloting period.
And the voting doesn't end there. The final phase of All-Star Game voting will again have fans participating in the voting for the Ted Williams All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award presented by Chevrolet. During the Midsummer Classic, fans will vote exclusively online at MLB.com via the 2014 All-Star Game MLB.com MVP Vote Sponsored by Pepsi, and their voice will represent 20 percent of the overall vote that determines the recipient of the Arch Ward Trophy.
MLB.com will provide extensive online coverage of all the All-Star Week festivities.
The 85th All-Star Game, to be played at Target Field in Minneapolis, will be televised nationally by FOX, in Canada by Rogers Sportsnet and RDS, and worldwide by partners in more than 200 countries via MLB International's independent feed. ESPN Radio and ESPN Radio Deportes will provide national radio coverage of the All-Star Game. MLB Network and SiriusXM will also provide comprehensive All-Star Week coverage. For more information, please visit allstargame.com.
Philadelphia's Chase Utley holds a commanding lead at second base, with his 509,390 total surpassing the Dodgers' Dee Gordon by more than 200,000 votes. Molina's lone competition to start behind the dish is Giants catcher Buster Posey, who ranks second at that position with 421,100 votes.
Los Angeles' Adrian Gonzalez leads first basemen with 349,762 votes, with Atlanta's Freddie Freeman (308,961) and Colorado's Justin Morneau (305,327) within striking distance.
Reigning NL Most Valuable Player Andrew McCutchen of the Pirates (467,378) and former MVP Ryan Braun of the Brewers (446,780) join Blackmon among the top three leaders in the outfield, with Miami's Giancarlo Stanton and Dodgers right fielder Yasiel Puig sitting fourth and fifth, respectively.
NATIONAL LEAGUE ALL-STAR VOTE LEADERS
CATCHER
1. Yadier Molina, Cardinals: 640,464
2. Buster Posey, Giants: 421,100
3. Evan Gattis, Braves: 241,005
4. Jonathan Lucroy, Brewers: 236,935
5. Devin Mesoraco, Reds: 154,489
FIRST BASE
1. Adrian Gonzalez, Dodgers: 349,762
2. Freddie Freeman, Braves: 308,961
3. Justin Morneau, Rockies: 305,327
4. Brandon Belt, Giants: 228,547
5. Paul Goldschmidt, D-backs: 227,854
SECOND BASE
1. Chase Utley, Phillies: 509,390
2. Dee Gordon, Dodgers: 304,258
3. Brandon Phillips, Reds: 187,067
4. Anthony Rendon, Nationals: 183,600
5. Neil Walker, Pirates: 159,205
THIRD BASE
1. Nolan Arenado, Rockies: 318,111
2. Aramis Ramirez, Brewers: 282,843
3. David Wright, Mets: 278,840
4. Juan Uribe, Dodgers: 270,425
5. Pablo Sandoval, Giants: 210,473
SHORTSTOP
1. Troy Tulowitzki, Rockies: 745,823
2. Brandon Crawford, Giants: 218,123
3. Andrelton Simmons, Braves: 207,402
4. Hanley Ramirez, Dodgers: 206,866
5. Jean Segura, Brewers: 202,597
OUTFIELD
1. Charlie Blackmon, Rockies: 549,394
2. Andrew McCutchen, Pirates: 467,378
3. Ryan Braun, Brewers: 446,780
4. Giancarlo Stanton, Marlins: 426,228
5. Yasiel Puig, Dodgers: 383,384
6. Carlos Gomez, Brewers: 370,630
7. Justin Upton, Braves: 312,574
8. Angel Pagan, Giants: 287,338
9. Michael Morse, Giants: 257,477
10. Hunter Pence, Giants: 221,604
11. Matt Holliday, Cardinals: 212,763
12. Bryce Harper, Nationals: 211,565
13. Carlos Gonzalez, Rockies: 207,875
14. Michael Cuddyer, Rockies: 193,980
15. Matt Kemp, Dodgers: 162,681
Thanks to Margaret aka Lady Sati over at Cinematic Corner for this awesome blogathon idea. Here's the gist:
Choose a [supporting] character (Movie or TV) that you love and would like to see as a leading character in the movie and write why you chose this character and what that movie would be like. Don't choose leading characters or supporting characters with lots of screen time, the goal is to focus on minor characters who have between 1-5 scenes. However if you really loved a character who is on screen for more than that, go for it.
Choose a [supporting] character (Movie or TV) that you love and would like to see as a leading character in the movie and write why you chose this character and what that movie would be like. Don't choose leading characters or supporting characters with lots of screen time, the goal is to focus on minor characters who have between 1-5 scenes. However if you really loved a character who is on screen for more than that, go for it.
Now, there are a bunch of memorable minor movie characters that I can list here, but not all of them I want to see an entire movie on. But these five minor/supporting characters are so fascinating, in some cases even more so than the hero, that I'd be willing to pay a movie solely focused on them! I originally had only three characters in mind but I just couldn't resist adding the last two (plus a BONUS TV character). So without further ado, here they are:
…
Tom is the elder son and heir of the wealthy landowner Sir Thomas Bertram who took in the story's protagonist Fanny Price to live in Mansfield Park. He's shown in his brief scene as a drunken and careless man who has no regard for Fanny nor to his father. He's often away in Antigua on his family's estate and he obviously despises his father's business that involves slavery, but the strain seems to be deeper than that. The way Purefoy plays him is so intriguing that every time I saw this Austen adaptation, I wanted to know more about Tom and why he behaves the way he does. He's dark, mysterious, with a seething rage that could explode at any moment. Certainly he's a sexier and more riveting persona than the principled but dull brother Edmund.
I'd love to see a movie, or even a TV miniseries that focuses on his character. It'd be an extension (with some artistic liberties taken) of what's written about him in the book, recounting his younger days being taken to Antigua by his father, and his days of living an extravagant life amusing himself. In the book, it's described that Mary Crawford, who with his brother lives in the Bertram's parsonage was initially interested in Tom but he does not response, so I'd like to see that being explored in the film as to why he refuses her. The risque Lovers' Vow play would definitely be one of the movie's highlights.
It's too bad that in Mansfield Park, Tom's spent half his already brief screen time bedridden from his illness. He does recover eventually and later on, Fanny's younger sister Susan comes to live with the Bertram family also. Though it's not in the book, it'd be nice to see that perhaps Tom would finally find love with Susan.
Peggy Carter (Hayley Atwell) in Captain America: The First Avenger
There are barely any cinematic super-heroine in Hollywood, and I don't mean the bad ass but cheesy warrior variety like Elektra (no offense Jennifer Gardner!). From the first time I saw Captain America, I've got a girl crush on Peggy Carter. She is by far my favorite Marvel female character, yes she even beats Black Widow and Lady Sif! Atwell's performance is one of the major reasons I LOVE LOVE Captain America: The First Avenger as she's just as fun to watch as the Captain himself. She's beautiful, witty, and spunky. She's no damsel in distress, no siree. She's a trained fighter who's more than capable to hold her own. She's a damn good shot too, as evident in the action scene with the villain Heinz Kruger (Richard Armitage, who gets another mention below) 😉
There's a Marvel One Shot of Agent Carter which I have yet to see except for a couple of clips. Apparently the short film takes place a year after the events of The First Avenger, and features Carter as a member of the Strategic Scientific Reserve and dealing with the sexism of that era. Now I'd even pay to see a film version of Agent Carter. It could include with some flashback scenes of her younger years as in the comics she apparently joined the French Resistance as a teen, which was how she became a skilled gun-woman.
Col. Brandon (Alan Rickman) in Sense & Sensibility
This should come as no surprise to anyone given how much I adore Alan Rickman‘s portrayal of Colonel Brandon. He's one my picks of Favorite Period Drama Heroes and he's easily my favorite male character in Jane Austen's adaptations, yes he even beats every woman's favorite Mr. Darcy any day. He's a far more interesting character because he has been through a lot before we've come to know him as a wealthy officer at 35. He's a sensitive man, a tortured soul perhaps (oh how I love these types of characters), who's lost his love when he returned from the army and found that the woman he loves was with child and living in a poorhouse.
His entrance in Sense & Sensibility is one of the most memorable and emotionally-charged for me… Brandon's expression as he was transfixed by Marianne is palpable. It's got to make you wonder, is it simply just love at first sight? It can't just be Marianne's beauty and beautiful voice that captured him so, there's gotta be something deeper than that. Later on we learned that Marianne reminded him of his lost love of his youth, his father's ward whom he was prevented from marrying. Every time I watched this film, I'd so want to see more of Brandon's early life.
I've been wanting to pick up Amanda Grange's book Colonel Brandon's Diary which is part of her Jane Austen retelling adaptations. I did read the Captain Wentworth's Diary one, now I'd pay to see that one too, but I think Colonel Brandon's dark past would make an even more riveting period drama. Now the challenge is to cast an actor even half as charismatic as Rickman, but perhaps Tom Hiddleston or Richard Armitage would be more than up for the task? The latter has never done an Austen adaptation, that is a travesty!
…
Vesper Lynd (Eva Green) in Casino Royale
As a massive Bond fan ever since I was a wee girl, never have I been so fascinated by the Bond girl until I saw Vesper in Casino Royale. Like Agent Carter, Vesper is no damsel in distress, and she has quite a mysterious past that rivals our favorite super spy. She's obviously an intelligent woman, having been trusted by MI6 to oversee Bond in his high-stake gamble with Le Chiffre. “I'm the money,” she says, and the banter between her & Bond is no doubt one of the most riveting scenes in the movie, one I still love to watch over and over.
I'd love to see a movie on her where we get to see how she became a double agent for the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs and her former lover who gave her that Algerian love knot necklace that Bond tracked down in Quantum of Solace. I think the film would only work with Eva Green in the role though. She's obviously extremely sexy and can make an entrance like no other (that purple dress is an utter knockout), but I think her sensuality and mystique is what made the character so beguiling. There's something so unpredictable behind those piercing green eyes, and an icy quality about them. The scene where she professes her love for Bond is beautiful but with a tinge of mystery and even suspense as we're not sure what she's capable of.
According to Wiki, in the Casino Royale novel, she was born on a “dark and stormy” night, and her parents named her “Vesper” after the Latin word meaning evening to commemorate the night. Fleming created a cocktail recipe in the novel that Bond names after her. The “Vesper martini” became very popular after the novel's publication, and gave rise to the famous “shaken, not stirred” catchphrase immortalized in the Bond films.
It'd be cool to see Eva Green reprising her role in a prequel spin-off of Vesper, I think she's the only Bond girl deserving of her own movie!
John Rolfe (Christian Bale) in The New World
I've mentioned Christian Bale‘s role as John Rolfe many times in my blog already, most recently in this Breaking Emotion post. Bale only appeared in the last 25 min or so of the 2.5 hours Terrence Malick's retelling of the Pocahontas story, yet he's far more fascinating than Colin Farrell in the lead role John Smith. In fact, I'd buy this film just to see him here. His chemistry with Q'orianka Kilcher is so sweet, it's perhaps one of the most romantic roles Bale's done, which is already so rare to begin with.
Now, the story of John Rolfe, an early English settler of North America might not be as passionate or intriguing as John Smith's, but Bale portrayal made me want to see more of Rolfe character. Perhaps the film can show his days as a tobacco businessman in Jamestown, Virginia and more details on his meeting and romance with Pocahontas, as well as his life after her death.
…
Special TV Dream Spin-Off
Guy of Gisborne (Richard Armitage) in BBC Robin Hood
What's more riveting than a great hero? A great antihero. And every time I saw BBC Robin Hood, I always think ‘with villains like this, who needs a hero?!' No offense to Jonas Armstrong as the titular hero but really he's just meh next to Richard's undeniable charisma and sex appeal. The guy just oozes virile masculinity and pent-up passion [wowza!] Clad in form-fitting black leather from head to toe, he's the epitome of tall, dark and dangerous, even his hair is jet black to match his dark past and personality.
…
But instead of making him a straight-out villain, what's more intriguing about Guy is the complexity of his character, he's not just evil for the sake of it, but there's a vulnerability to him, especially in regards to his unrequited love for Marian, once the hope to his redemption. Again there's that tortured soul quality that I can't resist!
I love how Richard explains his character in this behind-the-scene clip. “If he can't be good and be popular, be bad…” YES please 😉
If they were to do a Guy-centric series or even a miniseries on, I'd have a different girl than Lucy Griffiths though, I'm not terribly fond of her. Holliday Grainger in Season 3 is quite good however, I'd love to see more of their relationship being explored in Guy's life. But of course I'd ONLY see a Guy of Gisborne movie/series IF Richard Armitage plays him. Frankly, I can't imagine anyone else in the role who could top his portrayal.
What do you think of my picks, folks? Would you watch a movie dedicated to these characters?
WASHINGTON — President Obama, grappling with how to respond to the racial unrest in Ferguson, Mo., and a wave of anger at law enforcement officials across the country, said Monday that he would tighten standards on the provision of military-style equipment to local police departments and provide funds for police officers to wear cameras.
But Mr. Obama stopped short of curtailing the transfer of military-grade gear to local law enforcement authorities and continued to put off a visit to Ferguson. Instead, the White House tried to channel the rage over the fatal police shooting of a black teenager there into a national debate about how to restore trust between the police and the public.
Administration officials said they concluded after a review that the vast majority of transfers of military-style equipment strengthened local policing, even after the police in Ferguson were criticized for heavy-handed use of such gear to quell protests last summer. But the officials said local authorities needed common standards in the types of hardware they requested and better training in how to use it.
All told, the changes were modest, and Mr. Obama himself was circumspect in remarks about Ferguson after an orchestrated day of meetings at the White House with civil rights and religious leaders, big-city mayors, and law enforcement officials. The president seemed eager to keep the focus not on what happened in Ferguson but on its broader lessons for the country.
Chinese President Xi Jinping (R) shakes hands with India's National Security Adviser Ajit Doval at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing in this September 9, 2014 file photo. REUTERS/Lintao Zhang/Pool/Files
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India on Monday named its powerful national security adviser as a special envoy on China, opening the way for resumption of talks on the disputed border, where tensions have risen in recent months over border patrols and stiffer defences.
Ajit Doval, a close aide of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, will lead the negotiations with Chinese State Councillor Yang Jiechi to try and reach a settlement on dispute over the 3,500-km border that has clouded rapidly expanding commercial links.
In September, the two armies were locked in a faceoff in the Ladakh sector in the western Himalayas just as Chinese President Xi Jinping was visiting India for the first summit talks with Modi.
Both leaders vowed to work together to resolve the border row that has defied a solution even after 17 rounds of high level talks over the last decade and negotiations even earlier between the diplomats of the two countries.
China lays claim to more than 90,000 sq km (35,000 sq miles) disputed by New Delhi in the eastern sector of the Himalayas. India says China occupies 38,000 square km (14,600 sq miles) of its territory on the Aksai Chin plateau in the west.
Doval, a hardliner on national security issues, will conduct boundary negotiations as well as strategic consultations with China, Modi's office said in a statement.
New Delhi has vowed to beef up defences along the border to narrow the gap with China's network of roads and communication links. Beijing has expressed concern about India's plan to build roads and border outposts in Arunachal Pradesh in the east, which it refers to as south Tibet.
Indian officials say Chinese border patrols have been intruding deeper into their side of the de facto border, in a sign of assertiveness that has fuelled concern in the region.
An American physicist who helped develop the hydrogen bomb—many times more powerful than the atomic bomb that killed some 80,000 people in Hiroshima—has ignored an order from the Department of Energy to cut significant portions of his memoir, The New York Times reports.
The book's author, Kenneth W. Ford, 88, has not worked on weapons since 1953. Building the H Bomb: A Personal History will be his 10th book.
Ford volunteered his manuscript for security review by the Department of Energy last year. In September, federal officials told him to remove about 10 percent of the book, or around 5,000 words. "Our team is quite taken with your manuscript," an official reportedly wrote. "However, some concerns have been identified."
From the Times:
The government's main concern seems to center on deep science that Dr. Ford articulates with clarity. Over and over, the book discusses thermal equilibrium, the discovery that the temperature of the hydrogen fuel and the radiation could match each other during the explosion. Originally, the perceived lack of such an effect had seemed to doom the proposed weapon. The breakthrough has apparently been discussed openly for years. For instance, the National Academy of Sciences in 2009 published a biographical memoir of Dr. Teller, written by Freeman J. Dyson, a noted physicist with the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, N.J. It details the thermal equilibrium advance in relation to the hydrogen bomb.
After months of failed negotiations, Ford decided to publish the book. "I don't want to strike a blow for humankind," he said. "I just want to get my book published."
UFO Witnessed Above Australian Bushfires.
Viewer comments: "We noticed many orbs flashing in and fading out and the sun had set – the night was dark turning the moon blood orange from the Catastrophic bushfire in the Adelaide Hills. We where having a mini CE5 and sky spotting.
All activity sighted between 9pm and midnight the orbs moved towards the fire area. There was about 8 orbs in total over a few hours during the evening, moving west to east, toward and over the bushfire area.
We are immune to the excitement of spotting orbs, we calmly point out any phenomena we see so many.
I hurried out of the pool when we saw another orb, i got the video which isn't night vision and videoed. We witnessed the orb eject another orb and both Orbs continued on the same trajectory.
The video shows 2 orbs, the first orbs ejected the second orb.
My house was in the way to continue filming.
It may not just be the water that's not right around Flint. Former city administrator Natasha Handerson got canned in a strange closed-door city council meeting in February, and a new lawsuit alleges that the firing took place as retribution for whistleblowing. Henderson's lawsuit alleges that newly elected mayor Karen Weaver got Henderson fired after she informed the city attorney that Weaver had been redirecting donors to the charitable fund aimed at supporting Flint residents in the water-contamination crisis to her own political fund:
But is this a true whistleblower situation, or an attempt to get some revenge for getting fired? CNN explains further:
In the suit filed Monday, fired administrator Natasha Henderson claims that in February 2016, Flint's current mayor, Karen Weaver, directed a former city employee and a city volunteer to stop directing potential donors to a charity called Safe Water/Safe Homes. That charity was run by the Community Foundation of Greater Flint and had been approved by the city for water-crisis donations. Instead, the lawsuit claims city employee Maxine Murray was directed by Weaver to begin directing donations to “Karenabout Flint.” According to the lawsuit, Murray came to Henderson “in tears” and in fear of “going to jail.” … The suit claims that the switch was made without the approval of Flint's city council or of the receivership transition advisory board, which was set up to help the city transition from being under state financial control.
However, CNN had some trouble locating the fund Henderson specifies in the lawsuit:
CNN cannot independently verify the authenticity of “Karenabout Flint,” and it does not appear in any state tax registries. “Karen About Flint” was Weaver's campaign slogan when she ran for mayor in 2015, and her Twitter handle is @karenaboutflint.
Nothing shows up in the corporation registry for “Karenaboutflint” in Michigan's Secretary of State political committee listings, nor in the state's Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs, either. Both searches include dissolved committees and corporations, so it's not as if the fund has been shut down. If it was registered as a political fund, it had to exist under another name. Otherwise, the options are that Weaver kept the fund private, which would be a serious violation of election and/or tax regulations, or that Henderson is making it up.
However, the manner in which Henderson got cashiered seems strange, too. She had been recruited to the position a year earlier as a take-action administrator for the water-contamination crisis, and was integral to the negotiations that forced the state to cough up $6 million in October to switch the water source back to Detroit, at least according to her attorney. Weaver fired her without permission of the city council, and in an open session the council rejected her dismissal unanimously. Only after going into closed session — which the lawsuit alleges is a violation of the open-meetings law — did the council vote to sustain the dismissal.
At the time, Weaver explained the dismissal as a general house-cleaning in Flint, as she also replaced the police and fire chiefs in order to get a fresh start. That might make sense for city employees who worked in Flint prior to the crisis, but Henderson was brought in because of the crisis. Why target someone who had been part of the solution? Considering that Henderson was under contract, Weaver had to show some cause for the dismissal other than her own desire to move her own people into those positions, or just for a “fresh start.”
Oddly, no one at the time appeared to ask questions about the cause, but we can be sure to find out now. The discovery process should be particularly amusing and/or enlightening in this case. Something's odd in Flint, and it's not just the water.
Breaking news this morning, as Syracuse Athletics has dismissed Orange head football coach Scott Shafer. This was first reported by Sports Illustrated's Thayer Evans, who says Shafer will still be on the sidelines against Boston College this coming Saturday. The report was later confirmed by Syracuse Athletics.
The reasons for Shafer's dismissal are pretty clear to any SU observer. After a 7-6 record to start his tenure as Orange head coach, Shafer has gone just 6-17 since, with his only FBS wins coming against Wake Forest and Central Michigan (twice each). Thoughts were that some "improved" recruiting numbers and more competitive games against top 10 competition (see: 10-point losses to Clemson and LSU this season) could buy him another year. But non-competitive games against peer programs -- and especially what happened against NC State (and what happened after too) -- were just too much to gloss over anymore.
If you recall, Syracuse dismissed former head coach Greg GERG Robinson with one game to go, and he went out and upset Notre Dame in his final game back in 2008. So perhaps this is a good omen for what occurs in Saturday's matchup with the rival Eagles.
***
This is Mark Coyle's second major coaching decision since taking the reins at Syracuse this summer. The first was the official timeline for Jim Boeheim's successor, Mike Hopkins, to take over the program. And now, this next one -- deciding who is truly fit to take over Orange football and bring it back to some sort of prominence -- could potentially define his legacy as athletic director.
Evans tweeted out a list of candidates (below) that at least hold some interest. And there are obviously plenty more to explore too. Syracuse is the 13th open FBS job this year, with at least a few more still to come as the 2015 season wraps up.
Potential Syracuse targets: Scott Frost, Lane Kiffin, Joe Moglia, Joe Moorhead, Mike Sanford & Dave Warner. — Thayer Evans (@ThayerEvansSI) November 23, 2015
As always, interesting times to be an Orange fan. We wish Shafer, his family and his staff the best of luck in the future.
UPDATE: As expected, entire staff (many of whom are very close to Shafer) will be replaced.
Hello Trainers,
I am excited to bring you additional details about our next game update, version 2.44, which includes support for the exciting new Pokémon TCG: Sun & Moon—Guardians Rising expansion. The release of the new game version and expansion has a few different dates involved, so let's review the schedule:
Tuesday, May 2nd:
On the morning of Tuesday, May 2nd (Pacific Time) the 2.44 Update will go live. Your game will patch up to the new version, however the Sun & Moon—Guardians Rising expansion will not yet be available in game.
The official release date for Sun & Moon—Guardians Rising is May 5th. We are releasing the new game version in a staggered roll out to ensure that everything runs smoothly.
Thursday, May 4th:
On the morning of Thursday, May 4th, Pacific Time (which is early on May 5th for parts of Russia, New Zealand and Samoa) a server update will enable the Sun & Moon—Guardians Rising expansion in the Pokémon TCG Online.
Once the server update is complete Sun & Moon—Guardians Rising prerelease product in the Collection will be able to be opened, Code Cards from Sun & Moon—Guardians Rising retail products will be able to be redeemed and opened and Sun & Moon—Guardians Rising cards will be able to be used in Versus decks.
Friday, May 5th:
On the morning of Friday, May 5th, Pacific Time, a server update will make Sun & Moon—Guardians Rising booster packs and theme decks available in the Shop for Trainer Tokens (and for Gems in supported regions).
This staggered roll out positions us for a smooth launch for the exciting Sun & Moon—Guardians Rising expansion.
Below is a list of highlights of changes included in version 2.44:
Pokémon TCG: Sun & Moon—Guardians Rising expansion: The main focus for 2.44 is support for the over 140 new cards included in the latest expansion.
Continued work on foil effect improvements and refinements. This is ongoing work to foil effects that was started in version 2.43. We anticipate that foil effect improvements, tweaks, bug fixing and additional card support will continue for the next several game updates.
Pokémon Tool card pips now display a visual indicator when attached to a Pokémon that is not eligible for the card's effect. An example of this is a Fighting Fury Belt is attached to an Evolution Pokémon.
In the below pictures you can see my Stage 1 Hypno on the bench with a Fighting Fury Belt attached to it.
In 2.44 we have trimmed down the timers for opening game actions (such as calling the coin flip and choosing your starting Pokémon) from 1 minute to 30 seconds. Our aim is to allow you enough time to ponder your decision while still being mindful that your opponent is waiting for you to act.
As always, we will have complete Patch Notes and updated Known Issues when things go live.
We look forward to seeing you in the Pokémon TCG Online!
----------------------------------
If you have thoughts or feedback about this announcement, please join us in the Feedback Forum (you must be logged in to view or post to the Feedback Forum).
Alex Leary
Pokémon TCG Online
The Pokémon Company International
Need help from the support team? Visit the [url="http://www.pokemon.com/support"]support portal[/url] and submit a ticket!
The 125th episode of THE FIRE AND WATER PODCAST is now available for your listening pleasure! THE FIRE AND WATER PODCAST is the official podcast of FIRESTORM FAN and THE AQUAMAN SHRINE.
Comics legend Gerry Conway joins Shag and Rob to discuss his current concerns with DC Comics over “Creator Equity” for THE FLASH TV series, and a host of other topics. Part of the massive “Conway's Corner Crossover” podcasting event! #ConwayXover
You can find the 125th episode of THE FIRE AND WATER PODCAST on iTunes. While you're there, please drop us a review on the iTunes page. Every comment helps! Alternatively, you may play the podcast using the player below or by right-clicking “download”, choosing “Save Target/Link As”, and selecting a location on your computer to save the file (134 MB).
As always, thanks to my co-host Rob Kelly, Sea King of THE AQUAMAN SHRINE, for doing all the post-production on these episodes! Opening theme, “That Time is Now,” by Michael Kohler. Special thanks to Daniel Adams and Ashton Burge with their band The Bad Mamma Jammas for our fantastic original closing theme!
Have a question or comment? Looking for more great content?
Check out Gerry Conway's Tumblr: gerryconway.tumblr.com
Send us an e-mail: firewaterpodcast@comcast.net
Check our Tumblr: fireandwaterpodcast.tumblr.com
Visit The Aquaman Shrine: www.aquamanshrine.net
or leave a comment below!
Thanks for listening! Support Firestorm and Aquaman! Fan the Flame and Ride the Wave!
“I know they said I've been growing up, but watch out for me in the next week.” That's what Patrick Kane said when introduced at the 2015 Chicago Blackhawks Championship Parade Rally, nobody was surprised. Kaner is known for his partying and many expected a full-out celebration for his third Stanley Cup. As the party rages on, this video recently surfaced of Kaner serenading a huge bottle of champagne on the dance floor. By the looks of it, he's shitfaced.
Take a look.
https://instagram.com/p/4FGPbwwzYO/?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=embed&utm_campaign=video
https://instagram.com/p/4E3kbfwzaF/?taken-by=vickymgallagher
There's another report that the Golden State Warriors celebrated their NBA title with a 15 liter, $12, 000 of bubbly… looks pretty similar to the one Kaner is feeling up in the video.
TixBlitz - Instantly "mockery." - Instantly buy BLACKHAWKS TICKETS and save using promo code
Strength in Numbers (courtesy AndrewDH Photos) pic.twitter.com/yrNfwKd8Ke — Diamond Leung (@diamond83) June 18, 2015
Enjoy it #88, you deserve every second.
Gov. Sam Brownback's signing of the new Kansas Tax Act on Tuesday was a historic event. The act will shape the lives of Kansans for many years to come.
The nonpartisan Legislative Research Department has estimated that the act will reduce Kansas government revenues by $4.5 billion over the next six years. Inevitably, there will be major reductions in the government services Kansans have come to expect — especially education.
Equally important, the act dramatically changes the Kansas tax system, shifting the income tax burden from the wealthy and prosperous to working people. The act provides that all income of business owners is tax-free (except in the unusual case where a regular corporation is used). Although the act was promoted as a boost to small business, there is no limit on the size of business that can be exempt from tax.
Income of professionals — such as doctors, lawyers, architects, and accountants — practicing in partnerships will be tax-free. In a law firm, for example, the partners will pay no tax, while the clerical staff will continue on the tax rolls.
Income received from partnerships and trusts will be tax-free. Wealthy Kansans who own real estate, stocks, bonds and other investments will simply transfer those assets to a partnership or trust, thereby freeing all their investment income from tax.
All income of farmers will be exempt from tax.
Who will still be paying Kansas income tax? Only three groups: 1) employees, 2) some retirees and 3) individuals whose investments are so modest that they cannot afford to create a trust or partnership to shelter their investment income.
Kansas government relies on three taxes: property, sales and income. Property and sales taxes are regressive in the sense that a lower-income person pays more of these taxes as a percent of income than does a higher-income person. The new income tax will be dramatically regressive. Low- and moderate-income workers will remain on the tax rolls. Meanwhile, wealthy Kansans will readily escape the tax, and many prosperous (but not wealthy) Kansans will be able to evade the tax as well. Beginning in 2013, the Kansas tax system will be among the most regressive in the nation.
Can a just society tax the poor while not taxing the rich?
Two years after unveiling a new reporting structure, Microsoft is revamping again the way it reports its financial results.
Starting in fiscal 2016 (which began on July 1, 2015), Microsoft plans to report revenue and income based on three new operating segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing.
The category names are nothing new to those of us who spend our days reading official (and leaked) Microsoft memos and emails. CEO Satya Nadella described Microsoft's latest mission statement using these same three groupings in June this year.
The Productivity and Business Processes segment will include Office and Office 365 for commercial and consumer customers, as well as Dynamics and Dynamics CRM Online.
The Intelligent Cloud will include public, private and hybrid server products and services such as Windows Server, SQL Server, System Center, Azure, and Enterprise Services.
The More Personal Computing segment will include Windows operating system licensing revenues, devices such as Surface and phones, gaming including Xbox consoles, and search.
In 2013 -- when Microsoft officials were calling the company a "devices and services" company -- Microsoft unveiled five new reporting segments: Devices and Consumer Hardware, Licensing and Other; and Commercial (business) Licensing and Other.
Under the current/2013 structure, Microsoft divided up where Office and Office 365 revenues were reported between Devices and Consumer and Commercial. Bing and MSN results were part of Devices and Consumer. Windows, the Server products, Office 365 (business) and Dynamics CRM and CRM Online all were under Commercial.
The new structure is interesting for a few reasons. Microsoft is grouping some, but not all, of its commercial cloud products and services together in the new "Intelligent Cloud" bucket. Office 365 and Dynamics CRM Online are not part of the new Intelligent Cloud segment, however. Microsoft officials said earlier this year the company expects its commercial cloud revenues to hit $20 billion by 2018.
Including Bing as part of its "More Personal Computing" segment also is interesting, since Bing, technically, is a cloud service (and has been part of Microsoft's Applications and Services Group, which is also the home of Office and Office 365). But given Cortana is powered by Bing and Cortana is integrated with Windows and Windows Mobile, the grouping isn't as unusual as it might seem at first blush.
Bing is on track to finally hit the break-even point in fiscal 2016, Microsoft officials have said.
When Microsoft announces its Q1 FY 2016 results on October 22, the company will report its results using its three new operating segments.
Update (September 29): Microsoft has released, via a new 8-K filing, more details on what's included in its three new operating segments.
Productivity and Business Processes encompasses:
Office Commercial, including volume licensing and subscriptions to Office 365 Commercial, for products and services such as Microsoft Office, Exchange, SharePoint, and Skype for Business, and related Client Access Licenses ("CALs").
Office Consumer, including Office sold through retail or through an Office 365 Consumer subscription, and revenue from Outlook.com, OneDrive, and consumer Skype services.
Microsoft Dynamics business solutions, including Dynamics ERP products, Dynamics CRM on-premises, and Dynamics CRM Online ("Microsoft Dynamics").
Intelligent Cloud includes:
Server products and services, including Windows Server, Microsoft SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, and related CALs, as well as Microsoft Azure.
Enterprise Services, including Premier Support Services and Microsoft Consulting Services.
More Personal Computing consists of:
Windows, including Windows OEM licensing ("Windows OEM") and other non-volume licensing of the Windows operating system, volume licensing of the Windows operating system ("Windows VL"), patent licensing, Windows Embedded,
MSN display advertising, and Windows Phone licensing.
Devices, including phones, Surface, and Microsoft PC accessories.
Gaming, including Xbox hardware; Xbox Live, comprising transactions, subscriptions, and advertising; first-party video games; and second- and third-party video game royalties.
Search advertising.
Microsoft also published in the 8-K a chart showing what its recast segments look like from a financial perspective.
Famous names from favourite Nintendo franchises and guest characters come together in a portable fighter filled with spectacular action on Nintendo 3DS family systems. With unique modes, online multiplayer, the ability to customise your fighter and the series' biggest roster of playable fighters ever, Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS is truly a clash for the ages!
The basics of Super Smash Bros. are simple. Use your chosen character's unique attacks and special moves to damage your opponent, then hit ‘em with a smash attack to send them flying off the stage! The higher your opponent's damage – represented as a percentage – the farther they'll fly when launched, so pummel away until you see them steaming, then unleash your strongest smash attack and watch your target skyrocket off the stage! Take on nearby challengers in local multiplayer, or bring the battle to faraway friends and foes in online matches.*
Mega Man, Little Mac, PAC-MAN and more new challengers join the longest roll call of famous fighters the Super Smash Bros. series has ever seen. You can even take on these gaming greats yourself as your Mii character – become a Sword Fighter, Gunner or Brawler and see how you stack up in a scrap!
Whoever you choose, customise their special moves and equipment to make them your own. Collect equipment during gameplay and equip them to strike the perfect balance of attack, defence and speed, or maximise one attribute to suit your personal play style. Special moves can be collected and customised too, enabling you to craft your perfect fighter to bring into battle!
Super Smash Bros. for Wii U and Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS both share the same roster of fighters, items and basic gameplay, but each boasts unique modes designed around its host format. On Nintendo 3DS, go toe-to-toe in StreetSmash, where you can battle against character tokens gathered via StreetPass. In Smash Run, battle enemies in a large labyrinth, then power your character up for the final battle in a unique mode packed with action, strategy, and completely compelling gameplay! And of course, it's the first ever Super Smash Bros. game you can play on the go – perfect for throwing down against any opponent you meet, no matter where or when!
Add-on content
With purchasable add-on content, you can even expand your game with new stages, characters and Mii Fighter costumes. See all the possibilities at the official Super Smash Bros. website!
amiibo
You can power up your Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS experience with amiibo (sold separately). In Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS you can transfer the data from your amiibo so it can appear in the game and fight for you. As your amiibo fights, it will develop its own unique attributes and skills, becoming stronger and learning new moves. You can even add your own twist to combat by customising special moves!
A packed roster of gaming greats, new ways to play on your own or with friends, stages and modes unique to Nintendo 3DS and much more make Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS an utterly unmissable experience. Head over to our Super Smash Bros. for Wii U gamepage to find out more about brawling in high definition, unique modes and much more.
Mario, Donkey Kong, PAC-MAN and over 30 other famous faces come together in the biggest Super Smash Bros. line-up ever!
Unleash your brawling best against opponents near or far in local and online multiplayer modes
Customise your character's special moves and abilities, and battle yourself as your Mii character
Take on Smash Run and StreetSmash, two unique modes only available on Nintendo 3DS
Cargo ships are seen on the Philippines' Subic Bay on April 30. (Jes Aznar/For The Washington Post)
The newest bar to grace this former U.S. military base is painted with American flags and shaded by a scaled-down Statue of Liberty.
Nearly 25 years ago, Philippine politicians fought to expel U.S. forces stationed here, vowing to “unchain” the country from its former colonial master, promising a future free of girly bars and foreign domination. Now, with Chinese ships cruising just off the coast, the Americans are back, chowing down on chicken tenders and drinking Budweisers served by the Liberty Sports Bar and Grill's waitresses clad in red, white and blue.
Liberty's owner, Mark Lindsay, 48, set up shop on the dock five months ago, betting that closer military ties between the United States and the Philippines would revive this once-wild port. Since then, he's seen a steady rise in ships and sailors, with pit stops by U.S. war and supply vessels, an Ohio-class guided-missile submarine and, most recently, a Japanese aircraft carrier on a four-day “goodwill visit.”
“The more military the better, the more ships the better,” he said.
Mark Lindsey, 48, owner of the Liberty Sports Bar and Grill in Subic, Philippines. His bar is just a few steps away from where sailors come out after disembarking their ship for rest and recreation. (Jes Aznar/For The Washington Post)
The U.S. return to Subic is a symbol of the strategic shift sweeping Asia and a flash point heading into the Philippines' presidential election on Monday.
A resurgent China claims nearly all of the South China Sea as its “inherent” territory based on maps with a U-shaped, nine-dash line that scoops deep into exclusive maritime economic zones claimed by the likes of the Philippines, Vietnam and Malaysia. In recent years, Beijing has built up islands across the area, stacking a growing number of outposts with civilian and military infrastructure.
China's posture is bringing the Philippines and the United States back together. This year, the Philippines moved forward with the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement, or EDCA, which allows the U.S. military to build facilities at five Philippine bases and is likely to mean more hardware at Subic Bay, which is now technically a commercial, not a military port.
That means U.S. and Chinese ships sailing in close proximity, deepening an already tense and dangerous standoff. For the Philippines, it raises tough questions about how the next administration should balance big powers while protecting Philippine sovereignty and fragile economic gains.
“Their challenge is to normalize relations with China in a way that doesn't look like they are caving in,” said Jay L. Batongbacal, director of the University of the Philippines' Institute for Maritime Affairs and Law of the Sea.
Residents boarding a boat in a fishing village in Subic, Philippines. (Jes Aznar/For The Washington Post)
Subic Bay's deep, sheltered harbor has long been prized by foreign fleets.
The Spanish navy authorized the construction of the Arsenal de Olongapo in the 1880s, and the Americans moved in after the war with Spain in 1898. During the Vietnam War, it was a notoriously raucous “rest and relaxation” hub for millions of U.S. troops.
When the United States was pushed out in 1992, China was seen as a foreign-policy pipsqueak, more concerned with bolstering its gross domestic product than gaining a strategic edge. But three years later, Beijing built what it called fishing shelters on Mischief Reef, in the contested Spratly Islands.
“When they reclaimed it, we thought what will they do with this?” said Justice Antonio Carpio of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. “Now it's bigger than some of the cities in the Philippines, with room for air and naval forces.”
In 2012, with Xi Jinping ascendant in Beijing, China and the Philippines were caught in a standoff over the Scarborough Shoal, a cluster of rocks and reefs west of Subic Bay. China eventually seized control of the area, changing the Philippines' thinking on dealing with Beijing, said Richard Javad Heydarian, an assistant professor of political science at Manila's De La Salle University.
Lights coming from the port area of the SBMA compound, a former U.S. base in Subic, Philippines, are reflected on the waters of the bay. (Jes Aznar/For The Washington Post)
“The Philippines realized we misread this guy; we thought he was Uncle Xi the nice guy, but we learned that Uncle Xi can be even feistier than Uncle Sam.”
The return of U.S. troops under EDCA maddens Beijing. “The U.S. military keeps talking about the so-called militarization in the South China Sea,” Hua Chunying, a spokeswoman for China's Foreign Ministry, said at a news conference in March. “Maybe they can explain whether their increased military deployment in the South China Sea and nearby areas is an action of militarization or not.”
In the wake of the deal — and in the run-up to a ruling by an international tribunal on the South China Sea — U.S. and Philippine military experts increasingly use the term “red line” to discuss the prospect of new Chinese construction on Scarborough Shoal. They refer to it as the “last straw” and worry that China plans to turn the area into a military base.
With just days to go before the Philippines picks a new president, the question now is how the next leader will proceed, either sticking with the course charted by President Benigno Aquino III, who compared the People's Republic to Nazi Germany and has been frozen out by Beijing, or somehow opening the door for better China ties without alienating the Americans.
The current front-runner, the tough-talking Rodrigo Duterte, has said he would consider talking to Beijing if the Chinese built a railroad in his home region. He also suggested that he would ride a personal watercraft to the Scarborough Shoal to plant the Philippine flag.
Challengers Grace Poe, a rookie senator who spent years living in the United States, and Manuel Roxas II, Aquino's chosen successor and a Wharton-educated grandson of a former president, have both suggested that they would press ahead with the legal challenge launched by the current administration.
“The overall direction looks set,” said Yanmei Xie, a senior analyst at the International Crisis Group's Beijing office. “That means pulling close to the U.S., Japan and other allies, continuing to carry out the arbitration case and trying to compel China to respect the ruling.”
Locals watch performers on stage at the Pier One bar inside the former U.S. base. (Jes Aznar/For The Washington Post)
In Subic, for now, that means more ships and thirsty sailors — for better and for worse.
Those who oppose the sex trade and the violence that often trails it are wary of a U.S. return, remembering the 2014 murder of a transgender woman, Jennifer Laude, by a U.S. Marine.
For many others here, the economic benefit of visitors is paramount, and they see boom times ahead for the former base. Said Lindsay, the owner of Liberty: “If China keeps at it, business will be great.”
U.S. ramps up military presence in Philippines
Here's why some in the Philippines want the U.S. Navy back
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Sherwin Alfaro in Subic Bay contributed to this report.
We once warned you that if you wait until Christmas to catch up on the NBA, you've missed the entire season.
Sure enough, the narratives of this season have been established. The Warriors are fully unstoppable, the Spurs and Cavaliers are excellent but comfortable biding their time until the spring, the East has risen, Kristaps Porzingis is a god, Anthony Davis' ascension is being stunted by the team around him, Kobe Bryant is saying goodbye and the Sixers are among the worst teams ever.
Of course, there's still plenty to be learned over the next 14 weeks of regular-season basketball, like the entire East playoff picture, the No. 3 spot in the MVP race (behind Stephen Curry and Kawhi Leonard) and whether there will be any major trades involving star talent.
There is also still the completely nonessential matter of the West No. 8 seed.
A key signal in the East's rise to relevance is the fact that none of the teams in the race for the West No. 8 are above .500. This has been common in the East over the past 15 years, with few exceptions. Typically, the East No. 8 is much worse than the West No. 9. The situation is reversed this season, as a group of otherwise disappointing, rebuilding and/or mediocre clubs are fighting for a place in West playoffs.
Considering that the Warriors are running away with the West No. 1 seed and are on pace to finish with the best record in NBA history, the No. 8 seed seems like a boobie prize. "Congratulations, you win a four-game humiliation at the hands of a team with at least 30 more wins than you!"
But all seven teams in the mix have some real motivation to claim that bitter reward. Let's lay it out.
First: Is there really only one spot available? Yes. Golden State, San Antonio and Oklahoma City are flying way out in front. The Clippers and Mavericks (against all odds) are comfortably above .500 at this point. Memphis is flitting around .500, but has seemed to find some level of groove with a revamped starting five. Houston is at .500, but trending upward. The Rockets are only up two games on No. 9 Utah, but I expect that gap to grow. Dallas or Memphis could slide down into the muck, but don't count on it.
And now, the seven teams in the sad, exhilarating race for No. 8, ranked in order of the likelihood they'll claim that final playoff spot.
JAZZ
Record: 12-16 (currently No. 8)
Why They'll Win The Spot: Gordon Hayward and Derrick Favors are excellent, and Rudy Gobert and Alec Burks are expected to return in February. That's a really solid top four. Utah also has a nice little supporting cast led by Rodney Hood.
Why They Might Not: While the offense has performed well overall, this might be the worst passing team in the league. Also, Utah's defense was mediocre at times even before Gobert went out with injury. Could last season have been fool's gold?
Why They Want It: The Jazz were it teams in the West entering the season. Even if they end up right below .500, getting that No. 8 spot would justify their hype. It should be noted that Utah with Gobert gave the Warriors a scare during that 24-game win streak.
PELICANS
Record: 10-20 (3 games back)
Why They'll Win The Spot: Anthony Davis. They've gone 9-9 since that atrocious 1-10 start as other players have healed up and re-entered the rotation.
Why They Might Not: New Orleans boasts the league's second-worst defense, and it often looks even worse than that. It's time to start questioning whether Davis' immense defensive gifts help at this point. We're at two straight years in which a Davis-Omer Asik front line anchors a bottom-10 defense.
Why They Want It: Missing the playoffs after the 2015 triumph would be a step back, and you don't want backward steps when you have a young superstar in a non-glamour city. Plus, New Orleans needs to be good to sell tickets and stay profitable. Another playoff berth helps sell those season tickets and keep the Smoothie King Center full.
KINGS
Record: 12-18 (1 game back)
Why They'll Win The Spot: DeMarcus Cousins is the game's best scoring big man, Rajon Rondo is getting role players and Boogie easy shots (when he isn't committing turnovers and not playing defense) and this team is desperate to win. They will absolutely (continue to) mortgage the future at the deadline if it's the difference between getting No. 8 or not.
Why They Might Not: A horrific defense (which often includes Boogie, who doesn't look like he'll be back in shape this season after an early injury), crazy turnover problems, shockingly mediocre rebounding and total inconsistency from Rudy Gay. Plus it remains clear that the team's best player and the coach still don't really get along.
Why They Want It: The Kings haven't made the playoffs since 2006 and they are moving into a new arena next season. They would love to get smoked by the Warriors. It'd be a dream come true.
BLAZERS
Record: 13-20 (1.5 games back)
Why They'll Win The Spot: Damian Lillard is a star, C.J. McCollum is legit and the Blazers have fully invested in a shooting-heavy attack that keeps them in practically every game. Also, Allen Crabbe's hair.
Why They Might Not: Broken record alert, but holy hell these teams chasing No. 8 having some bad defenses. Mason Plumlee knows where to be, Ed Davis and Gerald Henderson are solid and Al-Farouq Aminu is a big plus, but the rest of the rotation is filled with defensive minuses, including the high-scoring starting backcourt. Noah Vonleh is completely unproductive. There's just not quite enough talent beyond Lillard, McCollum, Aminu, Davis and Crabbe's hair.
Why They Want It: To prove to LaMarcus Aldridge that they are good enough, and gosh darn it, people like them.
NUGGETS
Record:12-19 (1.5 games back)
Why They'll Win The Spot: Uh, well, they seem well-coached, they have a few nice veterans, they have pieces to move in potential trades and Will Barton is their best player.
Why They Might Not: Will Barton is their best player. (No, really: Will Barton is their best player. It's actually quite difficult to find something they do well other than play Will Barton starter minutes off of the bench. They rebound well, too.)
Why They Want It: Denver is the one team in the chase that I'm not sure has any remote motivation to make the playoffs. The team is clearly focused on the future, much like Portland, but without a star on the roster. Other than Will Barton.
SUNS
Record: 12-20 (2 games back)
Why They'll Win The Spot: It is increasingly difficult to envision the Suns winning the spot, especially now that Eric Bledsoe has torn his meniscus. Brandon Knight is quite good, though, and the roster has enough quality defenders (led by P.J. Tucker) to be a top-10 unit on that end.
Why They Might Not: Bledsoe's out for two months or so, and it's difficult to imagine Phoenix scoring efficiently enough to beat most opponents if they aren't defending up to their potential, which they are not. Also, you know, Jeff Hornacek is probably going to get fired within the next couple weeks barring a massive reversal of fortune. The Suns are 5-15 over their last 20 games ... and that was with Bledsoe. There's also the unresolved Markieff Morris mess looming in the background. (He's currently under suspension after throwing a towel at Hornacek during a game. This team is just a bucket of sunshine.)
Why They Want It: Phoenix isn't accustomed to hanging out in the lottery. The Suns are quietly one of the winningest franchises in league history, a fact undercut by the distinct lack of championships. GM Ryan McDonough built this team to compete, which is why Hornacek is on the hot seat.
TIMBERWOLVES
Record: 11-19 (2 games back)
Why They'll Win The Spot: Andrew Wiggins and Karl-Anthony Towns are one helluva battery, even at this stage of their careers. Ricky Rubio still can't shoot, but he can pass and he can defend. Kevin Garnett is holding everyone accountable. The team also has a pretty incredible spirit as they play this season for Flip Saunders.
Why They Might Not: Towns, and to a lesser extent Wiggins, are raw, there's woefully little shooting on the roster and the defensive schemes aren't fully making use of the talent available. The Wolves just aren't quite ready, but they're closer than anyone thought.
Why They Want It: Longest playoff drought in the NBA. The memory of Flip. Potentially KG's swan song. These Wolves are hungry. Why wait for next year?
* * *
SB Nation presents: NBA rookies imitate Kobe, LeBron and more stars
"It's very important for our customers to have a way to reach emergency services should this storm affect their landline service," said Jeni Bell, Vice President and General Manager, AT&T Northern California/Northern Nevada. "This is one way we're continuing to take care of our customers."
The mobile phones in this offer will be capable of making emergency 911 calls and eligible customers will also receive $25 worth of AT&T prepaid service (current rates are 25 cents/minute for voice calls, and 20 cents for each SMS text message). These phones are available starting today until Jan. 11, 2017. The end date could be extended depending on the severity of the storm and its impact.
See more information and tips for disaster preparedness at soc.att.com/2iNLXfW .
*AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. Global coverage claim based on offering discounted voice and data roaming; LTE roaming; voice roaming; and world-capable smartphone and tablets in more countries than any other U.S. based carrier. International service required. Coverage not available in all areas. Coverage may vary per country and be limited/restricted in some countries. AT&T cannot assure that if a 911 call is placed the customer will be found.
**This offer will be honored at AT&T retail stores north of Kern County in Northern California, and in the Reno area in Northern Nevada.
About AT&T
AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, mobile, high speed internet and voice services. We're one of the world's largest providers of pay TV. We have TV customers in the U.S. and 11 Latin American countries. We offer the best global coverage of any U.S. wireless provider.* And we help businesses worldwide serve their customers better with our mobility and highly secure cloud solutions.
Additional information about AT&T products and services is available at http://about.att.com. Follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/att and YouTube at http://www.youtube.com/att.
© 2017 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.
SOURCE AT&T
(This Patreon is "per creation" for now, however if the first issue is successful we might switch to a "per month" platform.)Hello! My name is James R. Homer. I am from Manchester, in the UK. For the longest time I have wanted to create a comic book and to prove to myself and others what I am capable of. Now, in 2016, I have finally gotten that chance. My incredibly talented artist, Nenad Cviticanin, and I have been working on this comic book for at least a month now.However, I can't make this comic for free. I have my artist to pay for his incredible work. This Patreon's goal is exactly that - getting the money in order to fund this comic.Here are the first four pages from the incomplete first issue:No Man is set in a world in which during the Cold War, the U.S government captures and forces a mercenary group - who call themselves- to combat covert Soviet attacks against America. Influenced by METAL GEAR SOLID and inspired by WATCHMEN, "No Man" is the story of one of the members of The Hounds, who decades after they are used by the United States, awakes in a hospital bed, missing all his memories and his right eye.Now we know we can't expect you to fund an entire run for a comic book that you haven't seen the full first issue of yet. So, if we raise $880 we will be able to finish and publish No Man Issue 1 to you, our supporters. Depending on the reaction to that first issue, we will decide whether to continue with Issue 2 and so forth.All we're asking for is the chance.Please consider donating, so we can tell you where the story is, has been, and will be. :)Thank you for reading.- James & Nenad
If you already didn't know, let me tell you this again the web that you can access with your average browser is only around 10-15% of the internet, the rest is known as the ”Deep Web”. Here we have a compiled a list of some of the most interesting things on the deep web.
The deep web can be accessed through TOR browser among other select browsers. Also if you need some other links to the deep web then here you go.
Editor's Note- For obvious legal reasons, we won't provide you with any direct links to any of the things mentioned. The above linked directory is all we will and can provide. Again we take no responsibility to what people take from this list. It's intended to be purely educational and to be taken as entertainment.
10 Credit Cards
Ever wanted to get loads of money to spend? Here's the place for you. There are people willing to steal credit card information for the right amount.
9 Porn
The deep web is full of all sorts of creepy fantasies. I'd rather not go into the details but trust me whatever it is you are looking for you definitely find it. Also there's a guy who broadcasts a live hidden webcam show of his own sister, so if you're into that kind of stuff.
8 Hacking
There is a whole bunch of sites where you can find people to hack anything for you, be it is your ex's account or a top secret government website. These guys are up for anything.
7 Thieves/ Burglars
Okay so this one pretty unique, while browsing the deep web one fine day I found this site where a guy claims to steal anything that you want him to steal. After he successfully acquires your product he even sends a photo to prove he actually has it. The guy even has list of items that are up for sale, that people ordered but never actually claimed them.
6 Match Fixing
All sorts of illegal betting and match fixing goes down here. Gone are the days when a shady man with piece of paper was the only way you could bet money, here with click of a button you can do as you please.
5 Weapons
Okay, before you start telling me that you could get a gun at the corner store, this one is not for ‘Murica. For the people in Europe, if you want to get a gun this is probably where you'll get one.
4 Hitmen
At first I wasn't too sure about this one myself, but then I saw the pictures they posted as proof that these guys actually mean business. Getting someone killed is as you expect not cheap but from the looks of it, they'll get the job done.
3 Human Experimentation
This is where some of the most screwed up stuff happens. There are people doing experiments of all kinds on real live human subjects, which are mostly homeless people picked off streets. I came across this site (not for the weak hearted) where this guy used to pick up orphans and other people off streets and sold them as sex dolls. Here's where it starts to get disturbing. He cuts off their arms and legs, closes all openings that is the eyes, mouth, ears, you get the idea. It's not over yet he also offers the options of having hooks installed so that you can hang your sex doll anywhere.
2 Government Secrets
If you are one of those people that loves to think that everything is a conspiracy theory, the deep web offers every conspiracy theory that any one has imagined. Also there are many government secrets out there. Recently some were taken down by the FBI, so you better hurry! (The number 10 entry on this list, could be linked to this)
1 Drugs
Perhaps the most famous thing about the deep web is the fact that you can get every drug ever made. Ranging from premium quality marijuana to pills and acid. Don't worry they are very discreet in their packaging and delivery. You might have even heard of ‘The Silkroad' which was the most credible source for some fine bud or anything else before it got taken down very recently.
If you liked this list, you would want to check out a list of the creepiest websites which you can access without TOR.
New Delhi: The Election Commission on Thursday gave clean chit to BJP's chief ministerial candidate Kiran Bedi with regard to her holding two voter identity cards having separate addresses.
The EC today said Bedi had applied for vote transfer and it was a clerical error on the Commission's part that she had two voter identity cards with separate addresses. The EC further said that information on its website had not been updated.
Earlier, the EC had said that it was examining how Bedi was issued two documents from different localities.
As per the Election Commission's record, Bedi was issued separate voter identity cards with addresses in Uday Park and Talkatora Lane.
When asked about the issue, Bedi had chosen not to comment.
The card with the Uday Park address carries the voter ID number TZD1656909 whereas the other one with the address 2 Kothi, Talkatora Lane has the number SJE0047969.
Bedi had mentioned Uday Park in her nomination papers as her residential address.
Cyber-security challenges in a smart city
Hong Kong is abuzz with “Smart City” excitement. As the government prepares to push related initiatives, which will come alongside growth in Internet-connected devices, it needs to sharpen focus on security.
In response to an increasingly urbanized world and a more mobile lifestyle, and a desire to enhance the efficiency in available resources – be it economic or environmental – authorities are trying to leverage technology to transform Hong Kong into a so-called smart city.
Committed to the growth of wireless and cross-platform technologies, cloud computing, Internet of Things (IoT), and big data, the city's financial secretary announced in his 2016 budget that over HK$10 billion will be earmarked to promote smart production and research.
As we think about Hong Kong evolving as a smart city we also need to think about the security challenges this poses and how to solve them.
Why all the interest?
Now, the idea of “things” being connected to one another is not necessarily new.
In hotels, for example, the elevators, thermostats, and lights have been centrally managed for years on private networks.
But what is different about the new era of Smart Cities is that the government wants IoT always on, always connected, and always open.
And it is important that devices interact with a large base of people in order to learn and optimize, and generate meaningful results and convenience to the end-user community. The ecosystem needs to be truly ‘smart'.
However, the sheer volume of connected devices in circulation creates challenges in data privacy, data protection, safety and governance — issues that need to be addressed early.
Unique security challenges to address in Smart Cities
The scale of IoT devices, and their inconsistent adaptation, has made Hong Kong a haven for attackers seeking to enter a network.
At present, there are no common standards guiding Hong Kong's technology migration and data exchanges. This leads IPT operators, municipalities and policymakers, as well as manufacturers, solution providers and vendors, to adopt specific solutions with low scalability and disparate requirements.
At the same time, critical infrastructure will evolve at different rates, because of factors such as resource availability, user preference, or scale and accessibility. Local ‘blind spots' may exist in areas where older equipment remains dominant but lacks the same ability as newer equipment to report operational status, problems, or efficiency opportunities.
Such inconsistent adaptation poses challenges to developing consistent security policies for Hong Kong.
What can be done to protect a Smart City?
Early warning and detection of breaches are the key to being in a state of readiness. Using forensic data analytics to profile devices is an effective method of identifying vulnerabilities and understanding their impact.
This is much more than ticking off boxes on a spec sheet – CISOs, CSOs and security professionals are demanding a fully integrated, multi-vendor approach for security management. Consequently, today's management platforms have to deliver a number of critical features including authentication and authorization services.
The platform must also be agile and sophisticated enough to embrace new levels of enforcement mechanisms for security in a mobile world.
To be effective, today's security platforms must embrace authentication and enforcement models for wired networking; public wireless connectivity; and users who tunnel in via IP-based virtual private networks (VPNs).
Policy management platforms must support end-device profiling that identifies device types and respective attributes that connect to networks.
To be able to identify the type of traffic coming, a profiler has a huge database of the characteristics of each device. Just like people have fingerprints, devices are assigned fingerprints. Security vendors can track them and identify what type of device it is in order to create exceptions for each device.
Conversely, if you plug a new device into a network, the security system can flag that there is no fingerprint for this device and immediately block it and make sure the device doesn't get bandwidth.
Conclusion
The Internet of Things will bring many great new advances, including whole new ways of thinking about and interacting with our world. However, with those opportunities come many challenges in the world of information security, and we will need to continue to research and develop new approaches to ensuring our safety, security, and privacy.
– Contact us at [email protected]
RC
GAZA CITY - Despite recent moves by Israel to ease construction in the Gaza Strip, restrictions on building materials are hampering international humanitarian efforts while doing little to impede the Hamas-led government they are designed to weaken, aid and nongovernmental groups say.
Israel says the limits on cement and other imports are intended to prevent misuse by Hamas. But the Islamist militant group has ready access to construction materials through smuggling tunnels along the border with Egypt.
Instead, aid groups say, Israeli bureaucracy and bottlenecks at border crossings are snarling the delivery of materials to international relief organizations struggling to build much-needed housing, schools and infrastructure projects.
"The United Nations, who have a responsibility to help, we're the ones that are held up," John Ging, director of the U.N. Relief and Works Agency's Gaza operations, said in an interview. "We're held up from building schools. We're held up from our other infrastructure projects, from the housing people need. And, yet, for the other parts of society here - be that either those with ulterior agendas or people who just have money - they can get on with it."
After Israeli naval commandos killed nine activists aboard a Turkish-flagged aid ship trying to breach the blockade of the Gaza Strip in May, Israel faced pressure to ease its grip on the territory. Israel pledged to increase the flow of construction materials for projects under international supervision and lifted a ban on the import of most consumer goods, which increased supplies in stores and hurt the black-market economy.
This month, Israel - which recently approved the export of strawberries and flowers from Gaza to Europe - said it would soon allow Gazans to export more produce and some manufactured goods, which could increase the standard of living in the strip and create jobs.
Humanitarian needs persist
But even as Gaza's economy shows signs of improvement, its humanitarian needs remain widespread. Thousands of homes damaged in a punishing three-week war with Israel in 2008-2009 are yet to be rebuilt. Millions of liters of raw sewage are spilling into the Mediterranean Sea because treatment plants remain in disrepair. And experts say Gaza's rapidly growing population of 1.5 million could run out of fresh drinking water by 2015 if the infrastructure is not overhauled.
The number of internationally funded aid projects authorized by Israel increased from 14 before the May naval raid to 78 by June. But Ging says that's only a fraction of what Gaza's heavily aid-dependent population needs. The 27 U.N. projects that have been approved make up just 7 percent of the relief agency's construction plans. Many of the projects that have been approved cannot be completed on time because of the problems getting materials, he added.
Israel evacuated the Gaza Strip in 2005 but still controls what enters and leaves the territory. Tensions have escalated along Israel's border with Gaza in recent weeks as rockets and mortar shells fired from the territory have landed in Israeli towns with increasing frequency.
Such periodic attacks are at the heart of Israel's reluctance to ease restrictions on construction materials, which Israeli officials fear Hamas could use to build bunkers to hide weapons and fire rockets. Construction by Hamas could also boost popular support for the group, which has ruled the Gaza Strip since seizing control of it in 2007.
Securing Israeli approval of projects requires weeks or even months of negotiations and the sign-off of up to six Israeli agencies, according to Gisha, an Israeli nongovernmental group that tracks movement and access problems between Israel and the Gaza Strip.
"Hundreds of hours of staff time and millions of dollars are spent on documenting each nut and bolt - as if we were supervising the transfer of highly specialized weapons, and despite the fact that steel, concrete and gravel enter Gaza quite freely via the tunnels," said Sari Bashi, Gisha's executive director.
More people die in America every year from prescription drug abuse than die from heroin and cocaine combined. That stunning finding comes in a new report Tuesday from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The CDC found a fourfold increase in deaths from prescription narcotics over the past decade. Not surprisingly, it coincides with a fourfold increase in the number of prescriptions written for the powerful painkillers.
In 2008, the most recent year for which there are statistics, there were 20,044 overdose deaths from prescription drugs. Of those, 14,800 were from narcotic painkillers.
“Prescription overdoses are epidemic in the U.S.”, says Dr. Thomas Frieden, director of the CDC. Most people who die from prescription drug overdose are taking someone else's medicines, he says. “Medicines that were left in the medicine cabinet. Medicines that were given to a friend or a relative. Maybe innocently, maybe maliciously.”
Prescription narcotics are being handed out almost like candy by doctors – some of whom are genuinely interested in patient care – others who run so-called “pill mills”, where narcotic prescriptions are traded for cash to feed addictions. The CDC study found that enough narcotics are prescribed every year to medicate each and every adult in America every day for a month.
More On This...
“It's astonishing”, says Frieden. He adds that many addictions begin innocently, when patients are given narcotics for a minor injury that could be treated with less addictive medication. “When I went to medical school, we were incorrectly assured – don't worry – if patients have short-term pain, they won't get hooked. That was completely wrong, and a generation of doctors, patients and families have learned that's a tragic mistake.”
Death and abuse rates vary widely across the country and don't necessarily correlate. New Mexico has the highest death rate, followed by West Virginia, Nevada, Utah and Alaska. The highest abuse rate is in Oklahoma, followed by Oregon, Washington state, Rhode Island and Kentucky. The CDC report also found the highest death rates tend to be in either rural or impoverished counties.
The prescription drug epidemic has created a monumental law enforcement problem. The incoming Sheriff in Florida's Pinellas County calls it “The most serious public safety issue we face.” Bob Gualtieri admits that despite intensive efforts at enforcement – targeting pill mills and users, they haven't made a dent in the problem. And he says – unlike the crack cocaine epidemic of the 1990s, which was mostly an inner-city problem, prescription drug abuse is far more widespread. “This problem crosses all walks of life, crosses all socio-economic classes. Crosses all races and gender, national origin, age.”
In fact, the CDC report found the death rate among non-Hispanic whites and American Indians/Alaska Natives was three times higher than among Blacks and Hispanic whites.
Many states have passed new laws to monitor the prescribing of narcotic painkillers. Dr. Frieden says some laws have made a difference. Washington state, for example, has lowered its death rate, though it remains high.
Despite modest inroads, CDC researchers say the epidemic of prescription narcotic overdoses has continued to worsen. In today's report, they caution doctors to only use narcotic painkillers in patients who are carefully screened and monitored, and for whom non-narcotic medications are insufficient.
That recommendation may help to reduce the number of new patients who inadvertently get hooked. The intentional abuse of prescription drugs among people who may prefer them to illicit substances like cocaine and heroin is another problem altogether, and one experts say can only be attacked through education and law enforcement.
It is not unusual for works of art to be lost and then found: It is rarer when the piece is attached to the side of a building.
But that is the case for a Banksy stencil, “Snorting Copper,” on the site of a former public toilet in the Shoreditch area of East London.
Five years ago, Jonathan Ellis, a property developer, heard rumours that a lost work by the mysterious graffiti artist known as Banksy was hidden under a layer of paint on a brick wall in a weed-choked plot.
Two years ago, Ellis, by then the founder of Hamilton Court Developments, was able to buy the site on Curtain Road to convert it into a commercial and residential space.
Eager to see if the rumours of a hidden Banksy were true, he wasted little time.
On the day he got the keys to the site, Ellis said, he had plywood that had been screwed to the wall removed, but “it wasn't one of those eureka moments where we pulled the ply off and oh my God there it was.”
Instead, what he saw underneath was a section of white-painted bricks marked with numbers. “Because it had been painted over, we didn't actually know what was going to be salvageable, or what was left,” Ellis said. “We were excited to see the wall hadn't been removed, but at that precise moment didn't know what we had.”
Banksy's Snorting Copper has been restored and is being put back in its original location in Shoreditch, a toilet block that has now been converted into flats and offices. The unveiling will take place on the 5th October. #banksy#snortingcopper#restoration#redevelopment#lastdaysofshoreditch#shoreditch#eastlondon#london#art#graffiti#streetart#urbanart#artlovers#artcollectors#urbanartroom#urbanartroom_ A post shared by Urban Art Room (@urbanartroom_) on Aug 20, 2017 at 12:48pm PDT
Ellis says he believes that the bricks had been numbered by someone intending to remove and reconstruct the potentially valuable stencil brick by brick. Instead, his company removed a whole section of the wall using a power tool.
“We were building there, so we had to explain to the builders – without telling them what was underneath it – that they had to protect this bit of wall,” Ellis explained. “If you looked at it, it was just a white bit of wall. You would've thought we had gone absolutely mental.”
After a wait of about a week, the wall was carted off to the Fine Art Restoration Co. in Carlisle, England, in the rural county of Cumbria. (The first van the company sent was too small for all the bricks.)
And it would take several more months of correspondence with the restorers to confirm Ellis' hopes: that there was a Banksy underneath.
The piece, now restored, is 2.2 meters wide and a meter high, and depicts a police officer on his hands and knees preparing to snort cocaine, Ellis said.
Banksy's authentication service, Pest Control, has not confirmed that the work is his. The local authority, Hackney Council, said its records of street art only date back seven years and so contain no mention of “Snorting Copper,” from 2005.
“We haven't even tried to get it authenticated by Pest Control because, from what we were advised, they don't authenticate street art,” Ellis said, “because what they don't want us to do is get an authentication and sell it to the highest bidder.”
But Ellis said that was not his intention.
“I've seen a few things recently in the papers that have talked about developers, people using art to increase the value of their properties,” he said. “I don't think it's about that. It's a moral obligation, isn't it?”
He said he also doesn't think that anyone today would choose to paint over the stencil: “If you look at Banksy's work, as an artist of our era and generation, you wouldn't paint over a Monet, would you?”
Jo Brooks, a spokeswoman for Banksy, confirmed that there had been a piece of Banksy art in that location, and said there had been no dealings with the developer.
Ellis plans to unveil the restoration on October 5 and to display it inside the new building so it can be protected but also seen by people walking by.
Hamilton Court paid about 3.3 million pounds ($5.34 million) for the property in 2015, according to the Land Registry. Ellis declined to comment on the sales figure, but confirmed that the artwork was insured for 1.25 million pounds.
He also said that he had declined offers from people wanting to buy the work for a “lot of money.”
Banksy “put it up for the right reasons and doesn't want people profiteering from it,” Ellis said. “We're comfortable and happy we want to put the piece back.”
Banksy, whose real identity remains unknown, has taken a dim view of efforts to profit from his public street art. When Sincura, a British concierge company, charged people to see Banksy works that had been removed from their original locations, the artist condemned the event.
This story was first published by the New York Times
CNN anchor and debate moderator Candy Crowley joined CNN's panel after the debate to discuss a moment where she corrected Mitt Romney after he claimed that President Barack Obama had refused to characterize the attack in Libya an act of terror for 14 days. Crowley said that Romney's was “right” in that the Obama administration spent weeks refusing to say that the attack was terrorism, but she thought at the time that “he picked the wrong word.”
“I heard the president speak at the time. I, sort of, reread a lot of stuff about Libya because I knew we'd probably get a Libya question so I kind of wanted to be up on it,” said Crowley. “I knew that the president had said, you know, these acts of terror won't stand. Or, whatever the whole quote was.”
“Right after that I did turn around and say, but you're totally correct that they spent two weeks telling us this was about a tape and that that there was this riot outside the Benghazi consulate which there wasn't,” Crowley added.
“He was right in the main, I just think he picked the wrong word,” Crowley concluded. She went on to say that her instinct forced her to correct Romney even though his “thrust” was correct.
Watch the clip below via CNN:
> >Follow Noah Rothman (@Noah_C_Rothman) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Would you like to add or edit content here? Here's how you can have an account!
From FreeThoughtPedia
What Does The Bible Say About Abortion?
Absolutely nothing! The word "abortion" does not appear in any translation of the bible!
Out of more than 600 laws of Moses, none comments on abortion. One Mosaic law about miscarriage specifically contradicts the claim that the bible is antiabortion, clearly stating that miscarriage does not involve the death of a human being. If a woman has a miscarriage as the result of a fight, the man who caused it should be fined. If the woman dies, however, the culprit must be killed:
- Ex 21:22-25:
"If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine. And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life, Eye for eye, tooth for tooth ...
The bible orders the death penalty for murder of a human being, but not for the expulsion of a fetus.
When Does Life Begin?
According to the bible, life begins at birth--when a baby draws its first breath. The bible defines life as "breath" in several significant passages, including the story of Adam's creation in Genesis 2:7, when God "breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul." Jewish law traditionally considers that personhood begins at birth.
Desperate for a biblical basis for their beliefs, some antiabortionists cite obscure passages, usually metaphors or poetic phrasing, such as:
- Psalm 51:5:
Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did my mother conceive me.
This is sexist, but does nothing other than to invoke original sin. It says nothing about abortion.
The Commandments, Moses, Jesus and Paul ignored every chance to condemn abortion. If abortion was an important concern, why didn't the bible say so?
Many antiabortionists quote the sixth commandment, "Thou shalt not kill" (Ex. 20:13) as evidence that the bible is antiabortion. They fail to investigate the bible's definition of life (breath) or its deafening silence on abortion. Moreover, the Mosaic law in Exodus 21:22-25, directly following the Ten Commandments, makes it clear that an embryo or fetus is not a human being.
An honest reader must admit that the bible contradicts itself. "Thou shalt not kill" did not apply to many living, breathing human beings, including children, who are routinely massacred in the bible. The Mosaic law orders "Thou shalt kill" people for committing such "crimes" as cursing one's father or mother (Ex. 21:17), for being a "stubborn son" (Deut. 21:18-21), for being a homosexual (Lev. 20:13), or even for picking up sticks on the Sabbath (Numbers 15:32-35). Far from protecting the sanctity of life, the bible promotes capital punishment for conduct which no civilized person or nation would regard as criminal.
Mass killings were routinely ordered, committed or approved by the God of the bible. One typical example is Numbers 25:4-9, when the Lord casually orders Moses to massacre 24,000 Israelites: "Take all the heads of the people, and hang them up before the Lord against the sun." Clearly, the bible is not pro-life.
Most scholars and translators agree that the injunction against killing forbade only the murder of (already born) Hebrews. It was open season on everyone else, including children, pregnant women and newborn babies.
Does God Kill Babies?
- Psalm 137:9:
Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones.
The bible is not pro-child. Why did God set a bear upon 42 children just for teasing a prophet (2 Kings 2:23-24)? Far from demonstrating a "pro-life" attitude, the bible decimates innocent babies and pregnant women in passage after gory passage, starting with the flood and the wanton destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah, progressing to the murder of the firstborn child of every household in Egypt (Ex. 12:29), and the New Testament threats of annihilation.
Space permits only a small sampling of biblical commandments or threats to kill children:
Numbers 31:17 Now therefore kill every male among the little ones.
Deuteronomy 2:34 utterly destroyed the men and the women and the little ones.
Deuteronomy 28:53 And thou shalt eat the fruit of thine own body, the flesh of thy sons and of thy daughters.
I Samuel 15:3 slay both man and woman, infant and suckling.
2 Kings 8:12 dash their children, and rip up their women with child.
2 Kings 15:16 all the women therein that were with child he ripped up.
Isaiah 13:16 Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes; their houses shall be spoiled and their wives ravished.
Isaiah 13:18 They shall have no pity on the fruit of the womb; their eyes shall not spare children.
Lamentations 2:20 Shall the women eat their fruit, and children.
Ezekiel 9:6 Slay utterly old and young, both maids and little children.
Hosea 9:14 give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts.
Hosea 13:16 their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up.
Then there are the dire warnings of Jesus in the New Testament:
- Luke 23:29:
For, behold, the days are coming, in which they shall say, Blessed are the barren, and the womb that never bare, and the paps which never gave suck.
The teachings and contradictions of the bible show that antiabortionists do not have a "scriptural base" for their claim that their deity is "pro-life." Spontaneous abortions occur far more often than medical abortions. Gynecology textbooks conservatively cite a 15% miscarriage rate, with one medical study finding a spontaneous abortion rate of almost 90% in very early pregnancy. That would make a deity in charge of nature the greatest abortionist in history!
Are Bible Teachings Kind to Women?
The bible is neither antiabortion nor pro-life, but does provide a biblical basis for the real motivation behind the antiabortion religious crusade: hatred of women. The bible is anti-woman, blaming women for sin, demanding subservience, mandating a slave/master relationship to men, and demonstrating contempt and lack of compassion:
- Genesis 3:16:
I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.
What self-respecting woman today would submit willingly to such tyranny?
The antiabortion position does not demonstrate love for humanity, or compassion for real human beings. Worldwatch Institute statistics show that 50% of abortions worldwide are illegal, and that at least 200,000 women die every year--and thousands more are hurt and maimed--from illegal or self-induced abortions. Unwanted pregnancies and complications from multiple pregnancies are a leading killer of women. Why do antiabortionists want North American women to join these ghastly mortality statistics? Every day around the world more than 40,000 people, mostly children, die from starvation or malnutrition. We must protect and cherish the right to life of the already-born.
Do Churches Support Abortion Rights?
Numerous Christian denominations and religious groups agree that the bible does not condemn abortion and that abortion should continue to be legal. These include:
American Baptist Churches-USA
American Ethical Union
American Friends (Quaker) Service Committee
American Jewish Congress
Christian Church (Disciples of Christ)
Episcopal Church
Lutheran Women's Caucus
Moravian Church in America-Northern Province
Presbyterian Church (USA)
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints
Union of American Hebrew Congregations
Unitarian Universalist Association
United Church of Christ
United Methodist Church
United Synagogue of America
Women's Caucus Church of the Brethren
YWCA
Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice
Catholics for Free Choice
Evangelicals for Choice
Belief that "a human being exists at conception" is a matter of faith, not fact. Legislating antiabortion faith would be as immoral and un-American as passing a law that all citizens must attend Catholic mass!
The bible does not condemn abortion; but even if it did, we live under a secular constitution, not in a theocracy. The separation of church and state, the right to privacy, and women's rights all demand freedom of choice.
This information is republished with permission from the Freedom From Religion Foundation
See also
An Apple patent published today describes using iMessages instead of voice to interact with Siri in environments when speaking wouldn't be practical.
This could span both ends of the spectrum, from very noisy environments like construction sites, where your voice cannot be heard, to very quiet ones like libraries, where you would disturb people by speaking. It would also be useful for people who don't feel comfortable talking to their phone in public …
NordVPN
The patent employs the usual dense language.
In one example process, a graphical user interface (GUI) having a plurality of previous messages between a user of the electronic device and the digital assistant can be displayed on a display. The plurality of previous messages can be presented in a conversational view. User input can be received and in response to receiving the user input, the user input can be displayed as a first message in the GUI. A contextual state of the electronic device corresponding to the displayed user input can be stored. The process can cause an action to be performed in accordance with a user intent derived from the user input. A response based on the action can be displayed as a second message in the GUI.
The main illustration, however, makes it clear how this would work – showing typical Siri interactions as typed queries and written responses. The patent was spotted by Patently Apple.
It's not the first time we've encountered the idea of using Siri in iMessage. An earlier patent described Siri proactively interjecting in iMessage chats, and there's been a sketchy report that this type of feature will appear in iOS 11.
In the 1950s, the world tested a bunch of nuclear bombs, and today we're still carrying around the evidence—in our muscles.
Here's how that works. Between 1955 and 1963, the use of atomic bombs doubled the amount of carbon-14 in our atmosphere. Carbon-14 exists in the air, and plants breathe it in during photosynthesis. Animals eat those plants; we eat those animals; and carbon-14 winds up in our bodies, incorporated into our tissues. Every eleven years, the amount of that carbon-14 in the atmosphere would decrease by half.
So here's the kicker. By measuring how much carbon-14 someone has in various tissues of the body, researchers can actually get an understanding of when those tissues were formed. They know how much extra carbon-14 was in the atmosphere each year and can compare the amount in a tissue with that number to find a pretty precise date.
What this means is that, by accident, nuclear experiments are providing a way for doctors to understand when tissues form, how long they last and how quickly they're replaced. Here's NPR on the most recent study to capitalize on these phenomena:
The researchers found that tendon tissue from people who were children or teenagers then contained high levels of carbon-14 attributable to the bomb blasts. “What we see in the tendons that they actually have a memory of the bomb pulse,” says lead author Katja Heinemeier, a senior researcher at the University of Copenhagen and Jan Heinemeier's daughter.
This same technique has helped researchers figure out how quickly neurons turn over too. Here's Scientific American:
A new study relying on a unique form of carbon dating suggests that neurons born during adulthood rarely if ever weave themselves into the olfactory bulb's circuitry. In other words, people—unlike other mammals—do not replenish their olfactory bulb neurons, which might be explained by how little most of us rely on our sense of smell. Although the new research casts doubt on the renewal of olfactory bulb neurons in the adult human brain, many neuroscientists are far from ready to end the debate.
And it's not just humans either, here's Robert Krulwich at NPR on how the carbon-14 spike teaches us about trees:
It turns out that virtually every tree that was alive starting in 1954 has a “spike” — an atomic bomb souvenir. Everywhere botanists have looked, “you can find studies in Thailand, studies in Mexico, studies in Brazil where when you measure for carbon-14, you see it there,” Nadkarni says. All trees carry this “marker” — northern trees, tropical trees, rainforest trees — it is a world-wide phenomenon.” If you come upon a tree in the Amazon that has no tree rings (and many tropical trees do not have rings), if you find a carbon-14 spike in the wood, then, Nadkarni says, “I know that all the wood that grew after that had to be after 1954.” So botanists can use the atomic testing decade as a calendar marker.
But there's a catch. Once carbon-14 levels return to their baseline level, the technique becomes useless. Scientific American explains that “scientists only have the opportunity to make use of this unique form of carbon dating for a few more decades, before C 14 levels drop to baseline.” Which means that if they want to use the technique, they've got to act fast. Unless there are more atomic bombs, and nobody really wants that.
More from Smithsonian.com:
Building the Bomb
The U.S. Once Wanted To Use Nuclear Bombs as a Construction Tool
Headlines are whirling this week with talk of a cheaper iPhone, but Apple Senior Vice President of Marketing Phil Schiller is apparently balking at the rumors.
Schiller allegedly admitted to the Shanghai Evening News (translation) in an interview that his company is not developing a cheaper smartphone to “grab market share away.” He reportedly said the iPhone 5 is the best iPhone for Apple and his company is not concerned with market share.
“We are not like other companies, launched multiple products in one breath, then pinning his hopes on a product to get the favor of consumers,” said Schiller, according to the translated report. “Competitors launched many dimensions new products, but after purchase will find no suitable software products and user experience.”
The report noted Schiller repeatedly stressed that user experience is the key to winning Apple, and the Cupertino, Calif.-based company only considers using the best technology, such as production processes, Retina screen, aluminum alloy, etc., when creating a new product to provide the best products for the market.
“So a lot of people in the Chinese market using a functional machine, some manufacturers use cheap smartphones replace feature phones, but this is not Apple's product development direction,” Schiller explained, when asked to respond to rumors that Apple will lower the price of products to occupy the market share. He indicated cheap smartphones are popular, but they will never be the future of Apple's products.
A Wall Street Journal report from Tuesday claimed Apple is working on a cheaper iPhone that could début by late 2013. The report, which cited “people briefed on the matter,” said Apple has explored the device for years but now the plan has advanced.
The Wall Street Journal has repeated this notion in recent years, and even Bloomberg joined the chorus in 2011 and again this week with a story about Apple planning to sell a “smaller, cheaper version” of the iPhone to hook customers in developing nations.
TNW just confirmed Schiller gave Shanghai Evening News an official interview.
(via Macerkopf.de)
MLB Refuses To Give Permission To Guy To Describe Game To A Friend
from the expressed-written-permission dept
"Any rebroadcast, retransmission, or account of this game, without the express written consent of Major League Baseball, is prohibited,"
A couple years ago, law professor Wendy Seltzer used the NFL as an example of sports leagues performing copyfraud, by claiming copyright control beyond what is allowed by law. Specifically, she was talking about the warning mentioned at some point during every game. For the NFL it was: "This telecast is copyrighted by the NFL for the private use of our audience. Any other use of this telecast or of any pictures, descriptions, or accounts of the game without the NFL's consent, is prohibited." In Seltzer's case, amazingly, the NFL sent a DMCA takedown of her posting that clip to YouTube -- giving her another "teachable moment" on copyright abuse.And yet, sports leagues still continue the copyfraud. One of the fine folks over at Consumerist, Phil Villarreal, found the wording of Major League Baseball's warning quite questionable:Unlike the NFL one, at least it didn't say "descriptions," but "account" is pretty close. So, Villarreal contacted MLB to request "express written consent" to provide an "account" of the game he had watched to a friend. To its credit, MLB responded and asked him to call someone in its business development department... who (perhaps reasonably) thought it was a joke and did not provide the written consent (and stopped responding to calls and emails).Now, obviously, this is a bit of a joke (and a funny one), but it does highlight a rather serious problem. Copyright holders are pretty regularly claiming significantly more rights than they actually hold over content, and many people simply assume that they can do this. This leads to them to think that they don't have basic rights concerning not just "fair use" but stuff that is obviously, such as an "account of this game." There really should be sanctions against such copyfraud.
Filed Under: baseball, copyfraud, copyright, permission, sports
Companies: mlb.com
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Derek Jeter's newborn daughter is the rookie of the year.
The Yankee legend and model wife Hannah Jeter on Thursday welcomed a baby girl named Bella Raine, it was announced on Friday.
Jeter's sports website, The Players' Tribune, tweeted out the baby announcement: “Congratulations Derek and @hannahbjeter on the birth of your baby girl, Bella Raine Jeter, born Thursday, Aug. 17.”
A follow-up tweet by The Players' Tribune noted that Jeter's daughter was born on the birthday of Jorge Posada, Jeter's friend and fellow Core Four Yankee teammate.
“Derek and Jorge were teammates for 17 years,” the tweet read.
The Bronx Bombers were quick to offer their congratulations, tweeting: “Con­grats to Derek & Hannah Jeter on the birth of their daughter, Bella Raine Jeter. We can't wait to meet her!”
Baby Bella is the first child for Jeter, 43, and the 27-year-old Sports Illustrated swimsuit model.
The Hall of Fame-bound shortstop will be squeezing in diaper-changing while being part of the new ownership team of the Miami Marlins.
The Jeters, who tied the knot in July 2016, announced in February they were expecting. At the time, Hannah said she and her husband both wanted any future children to carve out their own identities separate from their ­famous dad's.
“They're going to be born into such an extraordinary situation. They're going to have to be some strong little people,” Hannah wrote on The Players' Tribune. “We don't want them to be defined by their dad's name — for them, we want him to just be ‘Dad.' ”
Jeter led the Yankees to five World Series titles during his 20 seasons with the club. The Captain became the 22nd Yankee to have his number — No. 2 — retired by the team.
Following his decision to retire in 2014, Jeter noted that part of the reason was so he could start a family.
Orban, also known as Urban (died 1453), was an iron founder and engineer from Brassó, Transylvania, in the Kingdom of Hungary (today Brașov, Romania), who cast superguns for the Ottoman siege of Constantinople in 1453.
The Dardanelles Gun , cast in 1464 and based on the Orban bombard that was used for the Ottoman besiegers of Constantinople in 1453; British Royal Armouries collection.
Orban was Hungarian,[1][2][3][4] according to most modern authors, while some scholars also mention his potential German[5] ancestry. Alternative theories suggest he had Wallachian[6][7] roots. He was described by Laonikos Chalkokondyles with the term "Dacian".[8][9]
In 1452 he originally offered his services to the Byzantines, but emperor Constantine XI could not afford his high salary nor did he possess the materials necessary for constructing such a large siege cannon. Orban then left Constantinople and approached the Ottoman sultan Mehmed II, who was preparing to besiege the city. Claiming that his weapon could blast 'the walls of Babylon itself', Orban was given abundant funds and materials by the sultan. Orban managed to build the giant size gun within three months at Adrianople, from which it was dragged by sixty oxen to Constantinople. In the meantime, Orban also produced other smaller cannons used by the Turkish siege forces.[10]
To bombard technology, which mainly German technicians[11] designed at first for the Hungarian Army, had been established between 1400 and 1450 all over western Europe, transforming siege warfare,[12][13] with some pieces like the Faule Mette, Dulle Griet, Mons Meg and the Pumhart von Steyr which are still extant from the period. Orban, along with an entire crew, was probably killed during the siege when one of his superguns exploded, which was not an unusual occurrence during that time.[14]
In popular culture [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Sources
This book has it all. It will teach you everything you need to know to be great at sex.
It's not simply a list of techniques or positions; but rather a guide that will make you into a great lover. Every partner is unique and likes different things. This book will equip you with the skills and the mindset that will make you a pro and able to please anyone.
This book doesn't just cover sex. Are you a "Nice Guy" that always seems to get friend zoned? So was I. This book chronicles every hard-fought lesson I learned during my evolution from a forever alone "Nice Guy" to a take-charge man with girls fighting over him.
Are you a woman trying to figure out what men want? It's in here.
Unlike many books in this genre, this is not a list of techniques, or a single-minded repetitive guide to one narrow goal. This book will give you the intellectual framework for understanding what makes for a good relationship, how to have great sex, how dating works and everything in between.
Want to get a F#@*-Buddy? Want to know what to do when you get dumped? Want to know how to get girls? Want to know how to blow their minds?
It's in here.
by R. Daniel Korobkin
It's no secret that the language of religion has been evolving constantly. What appealed to Jews a generation ago no longer appeals to the new generation.
It's also no secret that we in the Orthodox community, despite the encouraging news from the Pew report, are suffering a new kind of attrition from Yiddishkeit that wasn't nearly as pronounced a generation ago. Today, we're witnessing large numbers of young men and women who are simply checking out of Judaism entirely. What's more, among those who stay part of the faithful community, we find a large percentage who are uninspired by the religious language of their parents and teachers. Some are remaining part of the fold for purely social reasons (this “social Orthodoxy” was discussed, in a very personal way, by Jay Lefkowitz a few months ago in Commentary magazine).
Reasons have been suggested for this new phenomenon, and certainly, living in a new technology and information age is invariably identified as one of the culprits. But I recently came across an article written by a thoughtful Christian blogger, Addie Zierman, entitled, “Five Churchy Phrases That are Scaring Off Millenials” that blew me away, because it could have just as easily been written by one of our own.
Zierman is a “Millennial,” someone who was born in the eighties or later, who had left her church and then later came back. She polled the followers of her blog, asking them to identify what they thought were the top phrases coming from her church and religious leaders that were the biggest turn-offs for them.
Here are a few snippets from her article (in italics), with some of my interjections:
I hold within me both cynicism and hope. I left the church. I came back.
Here is what I can tell you about millennials: We grew up on easy answers, catchphrases and cliché, and if we've learned anything, it's that things are almost always more complicated than that.
When I returned to church, it wasn't because of great programs, alluring events or a really cool “café” set up in the foyer. I went back not because of what the church was doing, but rather in spite of it. I went back because I needed community, and because, thanks to a steady dose of medication and therapy, I was finally well enough to root through the cliché to find it.
But not all of us are there yet. For some of us, the clichés are still maddening and alienating. Recently, I asked my followers online for the five church clichés that they tend to hate the most. These were the top five responses:
When you read these “top five,” see how relatable they are to experiences within the frum world. Here's the list:
(1) “The Bible clearly says…”
We are the first generation to grow up in the age of information technology, and we have at our fingertips hundreds of commentaries, sermons, ideas, and books. We can engage with Biblical scholars on Facebook and Twitter, and it's impossible not to see the way that their doctrines – rooted in the same Bible – differ and clash.
We're acutely aware of the Bible's intricacies. We know the Bible is clear about some things– but also that much is not clear. We know the words are weighted to a culture that we don't completely understand and that the scholars will never all agree.
We want to hear our pastors approach these words with humility and reverence. Saying, “This is where study and prayer have led me, but I could be wrong,” does infinitely more to secure our trust than The Bible clearly says…
For Jews, this is compounded further by a much richer corpus of literature in Torah she-Be'al Peh (the Oral Tradition) and all its commentaries. Saying that “it's a b'ferush (explicit) ma'amar Chazal” and then using quotes from a Midrash to bolster a theological point will sometimes fall flat one who's got Rabbi Google at his or her disposal to offer an alternate p'shat.
So for our educators and rabbis: Revealing that you have your own doubts, that you struggle with certain ideas and texts, that you don't have all the answers, that's okay, and even reassuring to our youth. I know that for many, the lack of certainty is not an easy thing to concede. But for our millennials, the acknowledgment of doubt provides them with a reassurance that they're not weird or different. By sharing your own insecurities, you'll allow them to better relate to you and help them open up about their own doubts.
(2) “God will never give you more than you can handle”
Inherent in this phrase is the undertone that if life has become “more than you can handle,” then your faith must not be strong enough.
Or, in other words, even great nisyonos (trials) shouldn't bring you to question or doubt, and if you do, well, your Emunah needs improvement. But is that really true of every case? Do we know what kinds of struggles the orphans of the Har Nof massacre are currently facing, and how they are or aren't handling them?
We millennials may be a bit narcissistic, but we also know the weight of too much. We understand that we need help. Connections. Friendship. Sometimes therapy.
We know that life so often feels like entirely too much to handle. And we want to know that this is okay with you and with God.
(3) “Love on” (e.g. “As youth group leaders, we're just here to love on those kids.”
Some translation is in order: In some churches, the phrase “love on” means to “be mekarev” someone to religion, by showering them with love and making them part of your family. This can be a big turnoff to people who don't want to be viewed as a cheftzah shel mitvah (an object of mitzvah performance). As Zierman writes:
In addition to sounding just plain creepy, this phrase also has troubling implications. We may understand that we need help, but we certainly don't want to be anyone's project or ministry.
It may just be semantics, but being loved on feels very different than being simply loved. The former connotes a sudden flash of contrived kindness; the latter is simpler…but deeper. It suggests that the relationship is the point, not the act of love itself.
And really, that's what we're looking for: relationship –that honest back and forth of giving and receiving love.
The story is told that someone once introduced himself to the Lubavitcher Rebbe as working in Kiruv Rechokim (bringing back the distant). The Rebbe asked the person, “How do you know who's a karov (close) and who's a rachok (distant)?! Instead of being involved in Kiruv Rechokim,” said the Rebbe, “involve yourself in Ahavas Yisrael (love of one's fellow Jew)!” Not for the sake of the mitzvah, but because he's my brother, she's my sister, and that's reason enough for loving them.
The Shabbos Project of a few weeks ago was amazing. It was tremendously successful for the sheer number of people who were touched by it. Undeniably a huge hit, yes, but I'd just add one small asterisk to that success. While our shul participated greatly with the Shabbos Project, there's one thing that left me with some slight discomfort –and I know I'm not alone. Having someone over your house who's not frum shouldn't be a “project,” it should be a natural product of one's Ahavas Yisrael, not the need to “save their soul.”
(4) Black and white quantifiers of faith, such as “Believer, Unbeliever, Backsliding”
Millennials are sick of rhetoric that centers around who's in and who's out.
We have this in our community, too: someone's either frum, not frum, ba'al teshuvah, black hat, white kippah, on the derech, off the derech, etc. Just look at some of the online Orthodox dating services, and the number of categories of frumkeit with which one needs to self-identify in order to find a match is dizzying.
We know our own doubtful hearts enough to know that belief and unbelief so often coexist. Those of us who follow the Christian faith know that the world around us feels truer than the invisible God who holds it together.
Terms like backsliding that try to pinpoint the success (or, more accurately, lack thereof) of our faith, frustrate us. We don't want to hustle to prove our faith; we don't want to pretend. We want to be accepted, not analyzed.
(5) “God is in control . . . has a plan . . . works in mysterious ways”
This to me sounds very much like catchphrase #2, trying to cliché-ishly explain the mysteries of G-d's ways to help someone get through the rough spots. The reaction:
Chances are we believe this is true. But it's the last thing we want to hear when something goes horribly wrong in our life.
Zierman then launches into a discussion that distinguishes between the “church” and “Jesus,” and here, I thought, this is where I wouldn't be able to find anything comparable to the Orthodox Jewish experience. But then she explained: millennials enjoy hearing stories about Jesus more than about Christianity, because for them, Jesus represents the compassion of just being there for someone without judgment, which is very different from the judgmental and preachy priest or minister whom they've encountered in church.
And so perhaps that isn't such a foreign concept for us Jews. Perhaps the reason why Chassidus is having such a strong resurgence among the mainstream Orthodox, is because love that isn't predicated on our performance is what ultimately brings Jews – and all people of faith – back into the fold.
The conclusion:
In the end, it's not really about what churches say or don't say. What millennials want is to be seen. Understood. Loved. It's what everyone wants, really. And for this generation of journeyers? Choosing honesty over cliché is a really great place to start.
And so, if we can take a little bit of mussar from someone of a different faith and apply that to ourselves and how we communicate, perhaps we can improve our own families and communities, and repair some of the damage that's already been done.
See, understand, and love. It's what everyone wants. In an age where social structures are crumbling and where all people are looking for is friendship and community, the unconditional embrace of a fellow Jew, without the clichés, will go a long way in allowing our Millennials to reach the end of this Millennium.
CAIRO (Reuters) - A Cairo court acquitted on Sunday an Egyptian-American woman and seven others who worked with street children and had been detained for nearly three years on human trafficking charges, in a case that had raised concerns in Washington.
Aya Hijazi, founder of Belady, an NGO that promotes a better life for street children, sits reading a book inside a holding cell as she faces trial on charges of human trafficking at a courthouse in Cairo, Egypt March 23, 2017. Picture taken March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Aya Hijazi, an Egyptian who holds U.S. citizenship, founded Belady, an NGO that promotes a better life for street children.
She has been in custody for 33 months in violation of Egyptian law, which states that the maximum period for pretrial detention is 24 months.
Dressed in a white prison uniform, Hijazi stood in the courtroom cage with her husband and Belady co-founder Mohamed Hassanein. With tears of joy streaming down their cheeks, they vowed to resume their charity work.
“We were delayed for three years ... starting today, God willing, there won't be any children without shelter,” Hassanein told reporters.
“Humanity became free, and the dream doesn't die. On the contrary, the dream becomes stronger,” Hijazi said.
The verdict came two weeks after Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi met President Donald Trump in Washington.
Hijazi's detention was an issue of concern and was being watched closely by the Trump administration, an administration official said at the time.
The Trump administration has proposed massive cuts to U.S. foreign aid, but the White House has said it expects Egypt's $1.3 billion of U.S. military aid will continue.
Since toppling President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in mid-2013, Sisi's government has cracked down on the opposition, killing hundreds of Brotherhood supporters and jailing thousands. The net has widened to include liberal and secular activists.
NGOs have felt exposed since late 2011, when authorities raided 17 pro-democracy and rights groups, accusing them of joining a foreign conspiracy against Egypt.
“Aya Hijazi, her husband, and their colleagues are finally free, but the system that subjected them to a travesty of justice for nearly three years remains unchanged,” said Joe Stork, deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch.
Hijazi and Hassanein were arrested in May 2014. They were accused of “organizing a group for the purposes of human trafficking, using children to disturb the public peace and order in protests, and holding them for sexual exploitation.”
The prosecution can appeal the verdict.
Minutes after the verdict, Hijazi's mother stood outside the courtroom sending voice messages to Hijazi's siblings who live abroad. “Thank God, you can celebrate now, we can all celebrate,” Naglaa Hosny said in the messages.
The Beastie Boys have been mixing it up for more than 30 years by putting all their pop culture influences into a blender. So it makes sense that when surviving members Mike D (Michael Diamond) and Ad-Rock (Adam Horovitz) signed a deal to write a memoir they promised that it would be delivered in an unconventional format.
According to the New York Times, the duo have signed a deal with an imprint of Random House for a book that will celebrate their history and unique aesthetic. The book doesn't have a title yet, but it is slated for release in 2015.
Ad Rock and Mike D (founding member Adam Yauch passed in 2012 at age 47 after a battle with salivary gland cancer) are interested in "challenging the form and making the book a multidimensional experience," said Julie Grau, publisher at the Spiegel & Grau imprint that will release the book. "There is a kaleidoscopic frame of reference, and it asks a reader to keep up." The book will be released by the same imprint that issued Jay-Z's lauded lyric book "Decoded."
The book will be edited by "Ego-Trip" co-founder and veteran hip-hop journalist Sacha Jenkins and will be loosely structured as an oral history of their career. Other writers may also contribute and Grau said it may remind some readers of the band's highly-visual, joke-filled 1990s "Grand Royal" magazine.
"The first words out of Mike's mouth were, 'I don't want to do a straight memoir,'" said the group's book agent, Luke Janklow. The project has been in talks for years, but was shelved when Yauch fell ill.
"After Yauch died, I didn't push them," Janklow said, "but I think that Adam and Mike ended up realizing that it was the right time for them."
Three adults and two juveniles were arrested this week after they allegedly terrorized a Wayne County Jewish camp for boys and teenagers, WNEP TV News reported. The five were charged with menacing children at Camp Bonim on three separate occasions.
Police made arrests after a separate incident in which one of the suspects, while off camp grounds, hit a camp counselor with his truck and was subsequently stopped by authorities in New York state.
According to the report Wednesday, the attacks occurred during the early morning hours. The accused allegedly entered the camp grounds in a white pickup truck, chased campers and damaged property.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Wayne County District Attorney Janine Edwards said that the suspects also “yelled ethnic slurs that are unspeakable and…shot a paintball gun at some campers, hitting one with the paintball gun.”
“It`s unfortunate that people might come in here, and because we might be slightly different from everybody else that gives them the right to do things that are just incorrect,” head elementary counselor Isaac Pearl was reported as saying on the WNEP website.
“It's certainly upsetting, but thank God things were really taken care of very quickly. It makes me feel a lot better having the responsibility of all these boys in camp. It was a little unsettling,” Michael Verkowitz, head high school counselor said. “We pray every day. We pray every day for peace in the whole world and that includes every area of the world.
Tyler Cole of Tennessee and Mark Trail and Cassandra Robinson of Pennsylvania were all charged, along with two juveniles. The charges included assault, vandalism and terroristic threats, the report said.
New feature as of 10/10/14Plain-Tweak:Ever wanted to control your kernel from a file on your internal storage? Now you can! There are currently 3 different ways1.) Manually create a text file on the root of /sdcard named 'plaintweak' with the following values:gov=(your choice of governor)maxkhz=(max cpu clockrate for all cores)minkhz= (min cpu clockrate for all cores)scheduler=(choice of IO scheduler)tcpcong=(choice of TCP Congestion control)2.)Invoking the instruction 'plaintweak' with adb shell or Terminal Emulator 3.)Separate aroma package for your device(not yet created) or through the rom installer.When I run 'plaintweak' from aroma package adb shell or Terminal Emulator wouldn't it get overwritten?No! Not at all. Your old settings are saved at /sdcard/plain-tweak listed by date.Don't like the values? Want a different configuration? Rather use Performance Control or another app?Simply rename your current plaintweak file or move an older plaintweak file located in /sdcard/plain-tweak to root of /sdcard.Custom DensityCurrently 3 different ways to setThis can be controlled via the aroma package installer, abd shell/terminal emulator, or through placeholder file/sdcard/customdensity that contains "customdensity= "If value is less than 180 it will not set. If value has a difference of 180 from default it will not set. May take 2 reboots to also set properly if using placeholder file only.With adb shell/terminal emulator:'buildproptweaks density *180 and up in values of 20 per sebuildproptweaks density 200 then rebootCustom bootanimationMust be 1080x1920 and placed at /sdcard/bootani/bootanimation.zipBootanimation disablingThere is 3 different ways to disable it.1. Through aroma installer package2. With adb shell/terminal emulator:2a. type in 'bootanimation' it will toggle2b. type in 'buildproptweaks bootanim [en|dis]able'
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang (R) shakes hands with Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka during their talks in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 27, 2015. [Photo: Xinhua/Xie Huanchi]
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and his Czech counterpart Bohuslav Sobotka pledged to boost cooperation in nuclear power, finance and other sectors during talk on Friday.
"China's nuclear power technology and equipment are safe and inexpensive, which has made them competitive globally," Li said, adding that the Chinese side is willing to participate in Czech's nuclear power business.
Sobotka, who is making his first official visit to China, said he welcomes China's participation in Czech's nuclear power business. He added that the two sides can study the feasibility of conducting nuclear power cooperation in markets outside of the two territories.
Earlier this week, Sobotka attended the fourth summit of China and Central and Eastern European (CEE) countries in east China's Suzhou city, where Li proposed to set up a multilateral financial firm between China and the 16 CEE countries.
On the financial front, Li said on Friday that he hopes China and Czech will innovate and expand the mode of financial cooperation within the framework if the "16+1" financial firm in discussion, which he said will strongly support practical cooperation between the two countries.
China stands ready to talk with Czech on establishing a RMB settlement mechanism in Prague, Li added.
During his part, Sobotka expressed his hope to make Czech a regional hub for financial cooperation, given the country's geographical advantages.
During the talks, Li and Sobotka also discussed cooperation on aligning the two countries development strategies in sectors including steel, automobile, medicine and health care, education, and tourism.
On Thursday, Sobotka and Chinese President Xi Jinping witnessed the signing of a memorandum of understanding on jointly building the China-proposed Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st-Century Maritime Silk Road.
On Friday, Li and Sobotka witnessed the signing of 12 cooperation documents after their talks at the Great Hall of the People.
Prior to the talks, Li held a red-carpet ceremony to welcome the visiting prime minister.
1 2 3 4 5 6
UPDATE 20/11/14 4:03pm: The final analysis is in. We've put together a wealth of GTA 5 clips culled from capture sessions spanning over 20 different missions, concentrating on areas where the title's 30fps target frame-rate faces its toughest challenges. In comparing PS4 and Xbox One, the end result is fascinating; it shows that while there are some scenarios that prove equally challenging for both consoles, specific areas can see one platform out-performing the other. On a native 1080p title like this, we might reasonably expect PlayStation 4's more powerful GPU to demonstrate an unassailable advantage across the game, but the reality is a little more complicated.
Travelling at speed through city junctions - such as Strawberry Avenue - turns out to be a particular Achilles Heel on PS4, with sustained drops to around the 24-26fps range at their worst. It's a situation that also applies to Xbox One, but to a consistently lesser degree when testing under the precise same conditions (and borne out in repeated tests). Put simply, in areas where junctions are stacked up one after the other, the Sony platform suffers more prolonged frame-rate drops when burning through traffic with your foot jammed to the floor. It's an interesting, recurring scenario that points to a CPU bottleneck, where Xbox One's increased clock-speed has an advantage when racing around these busy sections.
Another potential cause could be hard drive access, of course. GTA 5 is very intensive in terms of background streaming, a state of affairs that made the digital download versions of the last-gen version less desirable than the physical releases (where streaming bandwidth was shared between disc and drive). To lessen the impact of any streaming bottleneck, we installed the PS4 version onto an SSD for a re-test - the results showed no improvement.
Stress-testing Grand Theft Auto 5 across a range of scenarios demonstrates that each version has its own particular strengths and weaknesses.
However, while Xbox One enjoys an advantage during high-speed races in packed junction areas, it's clear the platform faces its own particular challenges. It drops a few frames during downtown driving outside of the problem junction areas, whereas PS4 remains solid. On top of that, we've already seen that Rockstar has made some visual cutbacks to its complex outdoor rendering, presumably to accommodate Xbox One's less capable graphics hardware, but in certain areas where cuts haven't been made, performance can dip.
Complex effects work, usually involving transparency effects (explosions etc) can also cause visible, sustained hitches in performance. Explosive missions with Trevor in Los Santos' outskirts show the biggest pitfall on Xbox One - with 24fps held at length during one shoot-out. Meanwhile, the PS4 has no issue with these segments, sparing one or two dropped frames just as alpha effects appear on-screen.
It's an interesting result overall, leaving us with different performance profiles on each platform. It's an unmistakable advantage for Sony's platform when it comes to shoot-outs, but on the other hand, the Xbox One typically avoids the heavy mid-20s frame-rates that can kick in during high-speed chases.
UPDATE 18/11/14 4:30pm: We've completed work on an initial performance analysis of the PlayStation 4 version of Grand Theft Auto 5, which you can find embedded below. At first blush, we're looking at a very similar release to the Xbox One version - with only one really noticeable difference, the implementation of a lens flare effect that appears either absent or dialled back on Xbox One. Frame-rate is confirmed at 30fps, though the rare dropped frames seen on Xbox One are even less of an issue here. We're working through the game as quickly as we can and our journeys are taking us out of the city, so yes, we're definitely looking into stuff like this and will report back when we have more to share.
Grand Theft Auto 5 running on PlayStation 4. Similar to the Xbox One version, we're looking at native 1080p with a capped 30fps target frame-rate.
Original story 18/11/14 8am: The 18th of November came a little early for Digital Foundry, allowing us to bring you this performance analysis of GTA 5 on Xbox One, along with some initial impressions about this brand new remaster. Living up to its word, Rockstar has indeed delivered a native 1080p release, and it adheres pretty closely to its target 30fps - a far cry from stuttering last-gen versions. The game's many enhancements are varied and worthwhile - however, our first impressions suggest an expertly crafted remaster with some lovely features, as opposed to a top to bottom revamp designed to exploit the capabilities of the new consoles.
We started our Xbox One playthrough directly after re-familiarising ourselves with the game via a couple of hours of PlayStation 3 gameplay, and the sense we get from the new title is that it's a brighter, crisper reworking of the original that eliminates the vast majority of the original release's technical shortcomings. The Xbox One version's consistent update is a radical departure from the lacklustre performance of its last-gen siblings - gameplay is mostly locked at 30fps with just minor fluctuations beneath its target. Curiously, despite a consistent update, judder can manifest a little during gameplay - a curious effect. We'll need to look into this a little more, but we can rule out frame-pacing as an issue, as the straight-line frame-time graphs in the video below demonstrate.
As it transpires, 1080p resolution is something of a doubled-edged sword. On the plus side, it's clear that the arrival of the new wave of consoles has really spoiled us. Returning to the PS3 game, the native 720p pixel-count looks decidedly sub-par in the modern era - a state of affairs not helped by the heavy-handed post-process anti-aliasing, which blurs jaggies well enough, but adds a heavy shimmer to gameplay in motion. A similar anti-aliasing technique is in play on Xbox One, but the good news is that the far higher pixel count makes for a much cleaner presentation. That said, the stark resolution increase highlights the lower poly counts though, and while the lighting model remains frequently stunning, it's not really on par with the materials-based lighting seen in next-gen engines. There are enhancements to the quality of the main characters though and textures are definitely improved, while an accomplished depth of field effect is a welcome addition. On top of that, view distances are demonstrably better than the last-gen versions too..
A big bunch of Grand Theft Auto 5 footage, with the game running at full 1080p on Xbox One. After the generally lacklustre performance of the last-gen versions, the close adherence to the target 30fps here is welcome.
If there is an actual game-changer to this remaster, it comes from the inclusion of the first-person perspective mode. It's a little disorientating at first, and takes some getting used to - but it's here that elements of the remastering process come to fore. Each vehicle is gifted with a completely redrawn dashboard for those all-important driving sections, and it's also here that the quality of the higher resolution textures becomes crucial to the experience. It's difficult to believe that the mode would have worked well at all with last-gen, lower resolution art in place - viewing the assets up close and personal in first-person mode practically demands the upgrade Rockstar has implemented here. The only minus point is that it also serves to emphasize that texture filtering isn't great (a common complaint with many PS4 and Xbox One titles), with ground art becoming very fuzzy not too far in front of the player.
First person mode is definitely intriguing though - a whole new spin on the game, and a substantially harder challenge too in that you're forced to be much more aware of your surroundings - something that the default third person camera helps with immensely. Of course, you can switch between the two at will, though we reckon that the GTA hardcore will be going for a complete playthrough in the new mode.
Overall, our first impressions of this spruced-up GTA 5 are positive. Technologically, the game demonstrates its last-gen roots quite clearly, but the quality of the original work still stands up overall. It's also great to see that Rockstar has gone the extra mile with this version, revisiting the game and improving the base assets considerably while adding a compelling new gameplay option. Quite where the PlayStation 4 version fits into the equation remains unknown at this precise moment. While we were able to acquire the Xbox One version ahead of time, we'll be buying the PS4 version on release day along with everyone else. We'll report back with more analysis and some initial comparisons as soon as we can.
If you want to really push the game to its limits, we've got a round-up of every GTA 5 cheat.
At least 22 people have been killed and dozens more injured in a stampede on a bridge near a railway station in India's financial hub of Mumbai.
The incident on Friday occurred during morning rush hour amid a heavy downpour on a footbridge in Mumbai's Elphinstone station, which connects two of the city's major local lines.
TV footage showed injured people lying on the ground and locals attempting to revive them by administering chest compressions. Officials said the death toll was likely to rise.
"There was chaos all around on the narrow bridge, people jumped over each other, and many were seriously injured," police officer Sunil Deshmukh said.
Railways spokesman Ravinder Bhakar said a number of people had taken shelter near the train station to escape the heavy rain.
"A stampede-like situation developed. More than 30 people are injured," he told dpa news agency.
Anguished by the loss of lives in the stampede in Mumbai. Condolences to the bereaved families; prayers with injured — #PresidentKovind — President of India (@rashtrapatibhvn) September 29, 2017
The stampede was triggered by falling concrete that hit the bridge railing, causing people in the crowd to surge forward to escape as they thought the bridge was collapsing, Mumbai police official Gansham Patel said.
Avinash Supe, dean of KEM Hospital, told AFP news agency there were 22 dead.
"There was a huge crowd on the FOB [foot overbridge]. Everybody tried to leave at once, and it appeared one of them slipped and fell, triggering the stampede," Indian Railways spokesman Anil Saxena told reporters.
Tanaji Pawar, a spokesman for Mumbai's disaster management office, warned the death toll "is likely to go up".
"We put everybody who was injured in cars, police vans, and ambulances and tried to take them to the hospital as quickly as possible," one witness said. "There were three-four women who were badly injured. I don't know whether they survived."
Official figures say some 3,400 people died in 2016 either from falling off trains or while crossing the tracks of what is the world's most overcrowded suburban rail network.
Since we last checked in on Disney Springs, we've had a handful of new retail locations open along with Blaze Pizza. The crowds are definitely strong and there's the very real possibility that Disney did not build enough parking to support the people who are showing up after work to enjoy the beautiful new expansion areas.
Walt's Place, The Edison, and Neverland Tunnels are scheduled to open in 2017. Planet Hollywood Observatory is, in theory, still on course for a Fall 2016 opening, since Winter doesn't start until December that just may be possible, but they'd better hurry. Similarly, Paddlefish, formerly Fulton's Crab House, is supposed to reopen in the fall of 2016. Judging by the state of these photos, I see that as very unlikely. But who knows.
We're also waiting to hear what what become of Disney Quest. The huge building was to become the NBA Experience, but that project has been shelved. Meanwhile Disney Quest stagnates with some of the attractions in bad shape.
There are a couple announced projects where construction has yet to start. There's a wine bar located near Raglan Road and a new restaurant pad near Planet Hollywood Observatory that has yet to go vertical. Polite Pig was announced, but since the windows are completely covered, it's hard to tell if its on schedule or not.
With most of the locations complete, there appears to be a few missing elements that would help round out the Disney Springs experience. First, the Town Center needs some nightlife. I'd like to see something like a Manhattan style Jazz Club. Doesn't have to be big, but a place to sip some cocktails while listening to a Jazz trio or small band would be awesome. There's no shortage of talent in Orlando. Walt's Place may fill this niche, but its in The Landing which won't help keep people shopping in the Town Center after dusk, which is the big problem right now. Second, I'd like to see a performing arts center that is capable of hosting Broadway style plays and musicals. Disney should definitely be previewing its Broadway musicals in Orlando where 44 million people visit the Walt Disney World property every year.
What changes would you like to see at the new Disney Springs? Which of the new stores have you been shopping at?
This article is about women's football team. For men's football team, see India national football team
The India women's national football team is controlled by the India Football Federation and represents India in women's international football competitions. The women's team resumed playing on 7 September 2012 after nearly a year-long hiatus.[3] Under the global jurisdiction of FIFA and governed in Asia by the AFC, the team is also part of the South Asian Football Federation. The team was one of the best teams in Asia in the mid 70s to early 80s, when they became runners-up at 1980 and 1983 AFC Women's Asian Cup. Presently, the Indian team has won all the SAFF Women's Championship that they have participated in since 2010.
The team has yet to participate in the FIFA Women's World Cup and Olympic Games, and failed to participate in the last 5 Asian Cups since 2003 at Thailand, as their last participation. Present ranking of the team according to FIFA Women's World Rankings is 60 and 13th among the Asian countries.
History [ edit ]
1970-2009: rise and fall [ edit ]
Football for women in Asia started later compared to their male counterparts. The seed of women's football in India was planted in the early 1970s. The first manager was Sushil Bhattacharya, in 1975[4][5] and from 1975 till 1991, the administration of the game was in the hands of the Women's Football Federation of India (WFFI) which comes under the Asian Ladies' Football Confederation (ALFC) that had recognition from neither Fifa nor AFC (Asian Football Confederation). Both organizations continuously tried to dissuade Asian countries from sending teams to these tournaments for which the first few editions of AFC Women's Asian Cup other unofficial tournaments seen very few teams to participate and thus the 1980 Calicut edition of Asian Championship featured two Indian teams (India N & India S), Western Australia, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Malaysia.[6] India did well enough in all these unofficial tournaments under Sushil Bhattacharya and India S become runners-up at Calicut. In the next edition of 1981 India achieved third position, defeated by Thailand and again became runners-up in the 1983 edition losing to Thailand again. This was the best chapter for the Indian women team in the Asian platform as since 1983 the performance declined along with mismanagement in the federation and failing to promote the games at all level in every state of India. The game was administered by WFFI from 1975 until the early 1990s, when they were absorbed into the AIFF as despite their impressive display at the Asian level, women's football in India went into the state of gloom by the end of the eighties due to the previous federation failure of promoting the women's football to the level it had deserved.[7]
But the AIFF too did very less to lift the women's football from their meager condition. It was the time when FIFA conceptualised and organised FIFA Women's World Cup in 1991 and International Olympic Committee started the women's competition at 1996 Summer Olympics. Time and again, the AIFF officials stated that lifting the standard of women's football to the level of their Asian counterparts was their chief aim but they never backed up their words with actions. AIFF was treating women's football as an extra burden was a fact which was hidden from no one but it became evident when they failed to sponsor the team's first foreign trip in 1997 to Germany before the Asian Championships. Eventually, the trip was made possibly with the help of the German Football Association and NRI's living in Germany.[8]
1998 Asian Games was first participation for the national team but came out to be nightmare as they defeated by Chinese Taipei with a score line of 1-13 in the second match and again on the 3rd match they faced the biggest defeat in the history by China PR with an embarrassing scoreline of 0-16.
The women's game reached a new low in June 2009 when FIFA delisted the side from its world rankings for being out of action for more than 18 months.[9] From 1991 to 2010 the performance of the Indian team was very poor, participating in just 5 editions of Asian Championships, 2003 as their last participation in which they faced a repeated embarrassing defeat with 0-12 scoreline from China PR. FIFA Women's World Cup and Olympics participation is yet be a reality for the Indian team.
After 2009 sanction by FIFA, the AIFF started to put their minds in place to better the condition of the national team and women's football, which led to commencing SAFF Women's Championship and also including women's football in the South Asian Games. Indian team earn massive success in SAFF competitions. Winning the SAFF Women's Championship four times in row without losing a single game. Additionally they won two gold medals at South Asian Games.
On 17 December 2014, AIFF Secretary Kushal Das stated that the goal for women's football from 2014 to 2017 was to increase the ranking of the India senior team to the top 40s and the top 8 in Asia, start a professional women's league by 2015, and to qualify for both the U19 and U16 versions of the AFC championships.[10] which is now far from reality as India is 60th by FIFA World Rankings and 13th among the Asian countries and yet to qualify for AFC Women's Asian Cup since 2003, FIFA Women's World Cup and Olympic Games.
They participated in the qualifiers for the 2012 Olympics in March 2011. In their first match they beat rivals and group hosts Bangladesh 3–0. In the second round India Women played Uzbekistan where they tied the first match 1–1 but lost the second leg 1–5 and were officially knocked out. Again for Rio 2016 Olympics they participated in the AFC qualifiers, first match was a win defeating Sri Lanka with score 4−1 then shocking defeat from Myanmar with a score line 0-7 which led the way out from the qualifiers.
India participated for the second time at the Asian games in 2014, but the condition was not better than the previous participation, 16 years back in 1998. Though India defeated Maldives easily with 15-0 score, but a similar fate of the Maldives was faced by them in the next two matches where they were defeated by both South Korea and Thailand with the same score of 0-10.
In August 2018, Indian women national team was invited to participate in Cotif Tournament where clubs and national and autonomous teams participate every year since 1984, held at Valencia, Spain. 2018 Cotif was 35th Anniversary of the tournament.[11] At this tournament they faced 3 Spanish club teams and Morocco. First lost to Fundación Albacete, 1-4, then to Levante UD, 0-5, then the Moroccan side defeated India with a score 5-1, but on the last match India played with maturity, though lost to Madrid CFF with 0-1 score.
In November 2018, India qualified to the second round of 2020 AFC Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament for the first time since the qualifying tournament started for the 2008 Summer Olympics.[12][13]
For preparation of 2020 Olympics 2nd round qualifiers India played two matches each against Hong Kong and Indonesia winning all four of them 5−2 & 1−0 against Hong Kong and 3−0 & 2−0 against Indonesia respectively.[14] [15] Following these matches India played at the Women's Gold Cup organised at home, where they won their first match against Iran by 1−0 but lost next two matches to Nepal and Myanmar by 1−2 and 0−2 respectively and failed to reach the final.[16][17][18]
Team officials and coaching staff [ edit ]
As of September 2018[19]
Team Officials Name Position Maymol Rocky Head Coach Assistant Coach Goalkeeping Coach Physiotherapist
Players [ edit ]
Current squad [ edit ]
As of 24 February 2019
The following 25 players were called up for the 2018 Turkish Women's Cup as a preparation for 2020 Olympic Qualifying 2nd round.[20]
Recent call-ups [ edit ]
The following players were also named to the Indian squad in the latest tournaments and friendlies .
Past squads [ edit ]
Asian Games squads
Head coaches [ edit ]
As of 11 February 2019
Results and fixtures [ edit ]
For all past match results of the national team, see the team's results page.
W in D raw L oss
2019 [ edit ]
FIFA Women's World Cup record [ edit ]
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Asian competitions record [ edit ]
AFC Women's Asian Cup [ edit ]
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks. At 1979 AFC Asia Cup India placed two teams, India Senior(India S) and India Novice(India N), other version called as India North and India South.
Asian Games [ edit ]
DNP: did not participate
DNQ: did not qualify
Bold Positions show best finish in the tournaments.
SAFF Women's Championship [ edit ]
India has won the SAFF Women's Championship four times in a row.[22]
SAFF Women's Championship Year Result Position Pld W D* L GF GA GD 2010 Winners 5 5 0 0 40 0 40 2012 Winners 5 5 0 0 33 1 32 2014 Winners 5 5 0 0 36 1 35 2016 Winners 4 3 1 0 11 3 8 Total 4/4 19 18 1 0 120 5 115
South Asian Games [ edit ]
India has won the South Asian Games two times.
South Asian Games Year Result Position Pld W D* L GF GA GD 2010 Winners 5 5 0 0 29 2 27 2016 Winners 5 3 2 0 14 1 13 Total 2/2 2 Titles 10 8 2 0 43 3 40
See also [ edit ]
Rep. Thomas Massie (Photo: File photo)
The Congressman representing Northern Kentucky wants to abolish the U.S. Department of Education.
Rep. Thomas Massie, a Garrison Republican, introduced his bill Tuesday. The full text: “The Department of Education shall terminate on December 31, 2018.”
"Unelected bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. should not be in charge of our children's intellectual and moral development," Massie said in a statement.
Republicans have proposed abolishing the department since it was created under President Jimmy Carter. The Senate Tuesday confirmed Betsy DeVos as President Trump's new Education Secretary, and Republicans seem to be in no rush to dismantle the agency.
"These agencies have a role to play and they should not be eliminated," Ohio Sen. Rob Portman told reporters Tuesday, speaking about the Department of Education and the Environmental Protection Agency.
Massie is something of a maverick. He was the lone Republican this year to vote against confirming Rep. Paul Ryan as House Speaker. He's also pushed for the U.S. to leave the United Nations.
Deirdre Shesgreen contributed
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2kJzbmg
Image copyright PA
A surge in export orders helped to lift manufacturing activity last month, according to a closely-watched survey.
The Markit/CIPS UK manufacturing purchasing managers' index rose to 55.1 in July, up from 54.2 the month before. A figure above 50 indicates expansion.
The survey found export orders rose last month at the fastest pace since April 2010, and at the second highest rate since the survey began.
Markit said the weaker pound remained a "key driver" of export growth.
The pound jumped to a 10-month high against the US dollar after the publication of the report.
Interest rates
The figures revealed the first pick-up in growth for three months.
Rob Dobson, a director at Markit, said: "Although the exchange rate remains a key driver of export growth, manufacturers also benefited from stronger economic growth in key markets in the euro area, North America and Asia-Pacific regions.
"Continued expansion is also still filtering through to the labour market, with the latest round of manufacturing job creation among the best seen over the past three years."
The Bank of England will make its latest decision on Thursday on whether to raise interest rates.
Mr Dobson added: "If this trend of milder price pressures is also reflected in other areas of the UK economy, this should provide the Bank of England sufficient leeway to maintain its current supportive stance until the medium-term outlook for economic growth becomes less uncertain."
Economists warned that the figures would not necessarily boost wider UK growth.
Samuel Tombs of Pantheon Macroeconomics said: "Markit's survey remains consistent with only modest growth in manufacturing output that will provide insufficient compensation for the slowdown in the consumer sectors of the economy."
James Smith, an economist at ING, added: "Wider economic data, from the weak second-quarter growth reading to the latest dip in consumer confidence, suggests that the economy is losing speed.
"For that reason, we think the Bank of England is unlikely to hike rates this year."
Justin Edmonds/Getty Images
This series will evaluate one team per day, starting on Jan. 23 and ending on Feb. 22 (the first game of spring training). It is based on last season's performance, the offseason changes since then and the author's outlook for the team in 2013. Please keep in mind that rosters can, and will, change before Opening Day. We started in the American League East, worked across to the National League, tackled the Central divisions, knocked out the AL West, and now finish with the NL West, going in alphabetical order. Next up, the Colorado Rockies.
2012 finish: 64-98 (5th place, NL West)
Notable additions
RHP Chris Volstad, RHP Wilton Lopez, RHP Manny Corpas, SS Reid Brignac, C Yorvit Torrealba
Notable losses
LHP Matt Reynolds, RHP Alex White, RHP Guillermo Moscoso
Why they will improve this year
It's hard to judge a team that had such a multitude of injuries a season ago. On the one hand, they are clearly better than the 98 losses indicate. On the other, they still don't have any pitching. That being said, having a couple big bats healthy again should improve this team mightily.
Troy Tulowitzki and Michael Cuddyer combined to play in 148 games a season ago, meaning the Rockies basically missed a full season of their two biggest power threats. Presuming they both come back for at least a mostly-full season, the Rockies' lineup is immediately much more dangerous.
But the Rockies have never had questions surrounding their offensive output. It's been the pitching staff that hamstrings them every single season. Even though the group in 2013 isn't fantastic, it is one of the better-looking rotations at Coors Field in recent memory. Headed by Jhoulys Chacin and Juan Nicasio, they at least have some high-potential guys to look forward to.
Even if the pitching staff stays at its league-worst level from last year, it's a pretty crazy thought that the team with the best average in the NL and the third-most runs scored a year ago is getting back Tulowitzki and Cuddyer.
I do think the pitching staff will improve a bit, but not enough to make it "respectable," whatever that means. The bullpen should be decent, but the rotation will probably still struggle. Luckily, the offense has so much firepower that the Rockies should definitely win more games this year than in 2012.
Why they will regress this year
Does it matter if the Rockies score 10 runs a game if the pitching staff allows 11? Exaggerations aside, there is a point to be made. Pitching and defense win championships, and the Rockies were dead last in both categories last year. And it really wasn't even close.
Even with the Rockies returning two of their best hitters from injury, it's very possible that they could exceed triple digits in losses. Why? Because the front office continues to ignore its team's most glaring need. A year ago, the Colorado starters combined for an ERA that almost topped 6.00.
Give the Rockies a bullpen full of historic closers, and chances are they still would have finished in last place. The reason they won any games was because their lineup was so productive, they were able to get out to big leads and hold off the other teams, or put together huge comebacks of their own. But on those off-days, they are almost guaranteed to lose when the starters are giving up six runs each outing.
Out of the seven starters who will be battling for the five rotation spots, they combined for 23 wins last year. They COMBINED for 23 wins. The Major League leader in wins last year, Gio Gonzalez, almost accounted for that number by himself in Washington D.C. Admittedly, Jim Tracy's 75-pitch limit on starters last year may have played a part, but I'm not convinced it changed that number by a lot.
We know the Rockies' already-great offense will improve when Tulowitzki and Cuddyer return, and their defensive numbers will probably rebound a bit, too. But with such a weak rotation, there is a very good chance that Colorado can lose 100 games in 2013.
The outlook for 2013
Colorado will be better. How much better, remains to be seen. They are a team of extremes, in that the offense is unmatched in the National League, and should get even better in 2013 with healthy seasons out of their star sluggers.
On the bad side of the spectrum, their starting rotation last year was laughable and nearly canceled out what the offense was doing. Until the Rockies either develop some of their young pitching talent, or make a few moves in free agency (why bring in Cuddyer when that money can be spent on a bona fide ace pitcher instead?).
The lineup, on paper, is pretty ridiculous. But I'll take the softer-hitting Padres with a deeper pitching staff and better defense to finish above the Rockies any day. So for me, this Rockies season is about a lot of home runs and developing the pitching staff to be competitive in a couple years. They have the offense in place, but need to focus on the rotation to get them where they want to be while they still have their big hitters under contract.
With Cuddyer and Tulowitzki back in the lineup, I could see the Rockies just peaking above 70 wins this year, but I'd be shocked if they approached .500 or even sniffed at contention. They have proved me wrong in the past, but this dismal pitching staff will definitely hold them back in 2013.
It's my opinion that the Rockies occupy the NL West cellar for the second straight season, and just miss hitting 70 wins. It's going to be a painfully long season if you're a Rockies' fan who likes pitching, but success is on the horizon if the young guns start progressing.
Potential changes before Opening Day
The only news I can dig up on the Rockies right now is that they reached out to—and were rejected by—veteran starting pitcher Derek Lowe. They do need to find more depth in the rotation if they want any chance of contending this year, so where do they turn?
Chien-Ming Wang is still a free agent, and Kyle Lohse would only cost them a contract, given that their draft pick is protected. But adding Wang to an already-long list of mediocre pitchers would do no good, and you would think they already would have Lohse tied up if they wanted him. If I'm Rockies GM Dan O'Dowd and I want to keep my job, I'm signing anything with a wind up to a contract here soon.
Biggest surprise: Dexter Fowler
Biggest disappointment: Jhoulys Chacin
Bold prediction: Wilin Rosario hits 40 home runs
Projected lineup
1. Dexter Fowler, CF
2. Josh Rutledge, 2B
3. Carlos Gonzalez, LF
4. Troy Tulowitzki, SS
5. Michael Cuddyer, RF
6. Todd Helton, 1B
7. Wilin Rosario, C
8. Chris Nelson, 3B
Projected rotation
1. Jhoulys Chacin, RHP
2. Jorge De La Rosa, LHP
3. Jeff Francis, LHP
4. Juan Nicasio, RHP
5. Drew Pomeranz, LHP
Projected finish: 69-93, 5th place
For more preseason evaluations:
You can follow Jeremy on Twitter @Jamblinman.
A 26-year-old man is in critical condition in hospital after he was shot in Vaughan, the third shooting in the GTA in 12 hours.
A 23-year-old woman was assaulted in the same incident. She was taken to hospital and has since been released.
York police say two men approached the pair in a plaza at 100 Steeles Ave. W, near Yonge Street, around 11 p.m. on Monday.
The men demanded the keys to their car, a black 2008 Ford Focus. Police say they then shot the man, assaulted the woman, and stole their car. The car has the license plate BNNM866.
Earlier Monday, two men were murdered in separate shootings in downtown Toronto.
One victim was found near Adelaide and George streets around 3 p.m. Hours later, a second man was found dead near Gerrard and Sumach streets, in Regent Park. Both shootings were targeted, Toronto police said.
Cisco announced Wednesday that it will cut 4,000 jobs, citing a difficult economic climate.
The layoffs, which account for 5% of the company's workforce, will begin in 2014.
Shares of Cisco (CSCO) plunged 10% in after-hours trading. The stock had initially slipped by 4% after Cisco released its financial results for its fiscal fourth quarter.
In the prior two quarters, Chambers had said he was cautiously optimistic and that the economic environment was "slow but steady." He struck a decidedly more sedate tone on Wednesday's conference call with Wall Street analysts, saying the global economic environment has been "challenging and inconsistent."
Chambers explained he's "real pleased" with Cisco's growth, but "it's just not growing as fast as we need." The company needs to work more quickly and focus on growth areas, he said. But he made clear that he isn't at all worried about Cisco's performance against its competitors.
"A lot of it depends on GDP and global markets growth," Chambers said. "We're just not seeing it."
Overall, Cisco earned $2.8 billion on sales of $12.4 billion for its fiscal fourth quarter -- and each figure was just a hair above Wall Street expectations. In-line results weren't quite enough to please investors who have become accustomed to Cisco trouncing analysts' forecasts.
Related story: Cisco buys cybersecurity firm Sourcefire
Cisco's focus on hot Internet trends like video, wireless and big data has helped propel the company's earnings to new heights lately. Shares are up 34% so far this year.
The company also reported it has an incredible $50.6 billion in cash, up more than $3 billion from the previous quarter. Cisco and other big tech companies including Apple (AAPL) and Microsoft (MSFT) have been amassing large cash hoards during the past few years.
Cisco touches all parts of the networking process, and the company's success is largely tied to sentiment about the world's economy. Many large businesses and government agencies are Cisco customers, and they're unlikely to buy up networking equipment when they're worried about the economic situation.
Meanwhile, Cisco has worked to evolve past its history as the king of switchers and routers, because the Internet networking world is changing. Though those core businesses have continued to comprise half of the company's revenue, switches and routers have been declining.
U.S. President Donald Trump is giving himself a "10" for his administration's response to hurricane-damaged Puerto Rico.
Trump made the remarks Thursday during a meeting with Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rossello at the White House. The president said the federal government has done a "really great job."
He said he has given his blessing to Congress for a funding plan, but added that the governor "understands that these folks can't be there forever."
Rossello said Trump "has been clear that no U.S. citizen will be left behind."
The meeting comes after Trump received some criticism for his response to Puerto Rico after hurricanes Irma and Maria. Rossello has been supportive of Trump, while the mayor of San Juan has been outspoken in her criticism.
Many still without power, water
Maria caused as much as an estimated $85 billion US in damage across an island already mired in an 11-year recession.
That has complicated and delayed efforts to restructure a portion of a $74-billion public debt load that officials say is unpayable.
And it has thrust Puerto Rico's territorial status into the international spotlight, reviving a sharp debate about its political future as the island of 3.4 million people attempts to recover from flooding, landslides and power and water outages.
National Guard soldiers distribute water and food in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria in San Juan, Puerto Rico, in September. (Carlos Giusti/Associated Press)
Roughly 80 per cent of power customers remain in the dark, and another 30 per cent are without water. Schools remain closed. Stoplights are not operating.
While nearly 90 per cent of supermarkets has reopened, many have bare rows of shelves empty of goods like water, bananas and canned tuna.
Nearly 5,000 people remain in shelters, with many using rainwater to shower.
Congress pledges billions in aid
Last week, the House of Representatives passed a $36.5 billion disaster aid package for places including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and now a group of Democratic lawmakers are pushing for tax relief, saying that people and businesses in both U.S. territories affected by Hurricane Maria receive unequal treatment compared with U.S. states.
The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency also has pledged more than $171 million to help restore power across the island, and it has distributed more than $5 million to municipalities in need, as well as $ 1 million to Puerto Rico's National Guard.
Paddy Davitt verdict: Norwich City at the point of no return
Ivo Pinto of Norwich and Jacob Murphy cut dejected figures at the end of Norwich City's latest Championship defeat. Picture by Paul Chesterton/Focus Images Ltd ©Focus Images Limited www.focus-images.co.uk +447814 482222
Norwich City's passionate support has had enough. Watching your football club is supposed to be entertainment. Watching your football club is supposed to be fun. This season is unrelenting misery.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Seb Bassong went close with a late header. Picture by Paul Chesterton/Focus Images Ltd Seb Bassong went close with a late header. Picture by Paul Chesterton/Focus Images Ltd
A downward spiral of hope and expectation since whacking a poor Blackburn side on the opening weekend. The manager speaks of arrogance, of complacency. Russell Martin emerges from an away dressing room at Brighton to question the mentality and fighting spirit of some of his colleagues. Those are not the noises of a club pulling in the same direction; they are distress signals translated into a malaise routinely served up under Alex Neil since he hoisted aloft September's manager-of-the-month award.
The time has come for some brutal reality. Any still harbouring hopes of automatic promotion hover on the delusional side of optimistic. Even if this group of under-performing players, led by a manager who appears increasingly stubborn, inflexible and reactionary, could rouse themselves for any concerted passage of time the likes of Newcastle United and Brighton have disappeared over the horizon. Frankly, the top six looks out of reach. Not based on the points differential to overcome but the prevailing winds.
Elias Kachunga struck twice for Huddersfield Town. Picture by Paul Chesterton/Focus Images Ltd Elias Kachunga struck twice for Huddersfield Town. Picture by Paul Chesterton/Focus Images Ltd
David Wagner's Huddersfield were the best team seen at Carrow Road this season. Cohesive, young, energetic, fearless. Norwich justifiably could point to Elias Kachunga standing in an offside position to head the opening goal. Or the slim margin between Seb Bassong's late header dropping inside the far-post. But a draw would merely paper over the cracks. Much like those recent home wins against Brentford and Aston Villa, where Bees' boss Dean Smith accused his players of downing tools after the interval, whilst Steve Bruce was equally scathing towards the attitude of his men.
One word the urbane Wagner uttered in his post-match media duties stood out above all others. Identity. The Terriers have it. Norwich had it when Neil arrived in these parts to galvanise a squad listing on the periphery of the promotion pack. Now they have lost it. The Canaries are rudderless; they appear a collection of individuals, not a team unit who defend and attack on the same page. The last four goals conceded have all come down their left flank. The centre backs and keeper raise palpitations whenever they try to play out methodically from the back and, when the crowd voice displeasure, launch it aimlessly long. Neil has a midfield mix without the legs or energy to last the gruelling pace. Timm Klose on the bench, Alex Pritchard not even in the squad, James Maddison parked at Aberdeen. The dots are everywhere and the manager appears incapable of joining them up.
Another inquest underway in the Norwich City backline. Picture by Paul Chesterton/Focus Images Ltd Another inquest underway in the Norwich City backline. Picture by Paul Chesterton/Focus Images Ltd
Think back to Wembley and the play-off final. That was the zenith of Neil's tenure. Arguably the club's biggest-ever game, if you measure it purely on financial metrics, and one City won within the opening 15 minutes when they went 2-0 up through a team goal of immeasurable quality. Started on the left by Martin Olsson, finished on the right by Nathan Redmond. Norwich were composed, controlled and clinical on the biggest stage under the most severe pressure. None of those attributes are evident in this current group; a better set of players but an inferior team. Seven defeats in nine Championship league games is a disgrace. A team full of character, a team willing to fight for each other led by a man with a coherent strategy would have turned some of those losses into hard-fought draws, maybe even nicked a game or two.
Look at this weekend's latest set of league results. Brighton, Reading, Leeds and Sheffield Wednesday all won games beyond the 89th minute, when the belief remained strong and the energy levels high. This Norwich collective have provided Ian Holloway with his only win to date, in his latest QPR sojourn, allowed Barnsley to win their first game in 11 meetings and now compliantly rolled over as Huddersfield prevailed at Carrow Road for the first time since 1969.
It is embarrassing and that is why ever-increasing numbers of Norwich fans turned on Friday night. Neil is not a scapegoat but he is responsible for this mess. He has assembled a squad unable to match the intensity and relentless workload of clubs who harbour genuine promotion ambitions as we approach the halfway mark.
The Scot may not survive, now the frustration has publicly turned in the direction of the club's owners, but the structural problems in an aging squad run much deeper than managerial change.
This season is at a crossroads. Bouncing back at the first attempt was always going to be the best chance but if the tipping point has been reached it is time to dismantle and re-build; to genuinely develop a strong identity forged on a group of promising young players. That will require honesty, realism and a painful lowering of expectations in the short-term. Yet that might be the only way to salvage a season which started with so much promise and has descended into a pit of despair.
Communications Minister Senator Stephen Conroy in Senate Estimates this week. Conroy has said that the current copper service will be turned off as each home and business is connected to the NBN. He has reassured consumers that they will not be worse off by connecting to the NBN. But he said that, if they do not switch, then they will not have a phone line or access to ADSL broadband when the copper network is decommissioned. The NBN is being rolled out in Tasmania first. Connecting to the network there is optional and free initially. It is expected that there will be no cost to connect to the NBN initially when it is rolled out nationally.
But Senator Conroy has reiterated the government's intention to make it compulsory to connect to the NBN as it is being rolled out. "We are working our way through the issues with the states and ... we ultimately would consider, if we can't reach settlement, mandating it through the Federal Parliament. But we prefer to be engaged with the states," Senator Conroy said, speaking to this website at Parliament House yesterday. He added that the federal government had not "exhausted those conversations yet". He also said that the matter of a connection being mandated was "not a new issue". "[We've been] having a conversation with the states for over 12 months on this very issue," he said. "This is not a new issue. Malcolm Turnbull might have discovered it recently but it has actually been on the agenda. And we've actually been saying for quite some considerable time: as we disconnect the copper we'll be connecting the fibre." Last Friday, this website reported that it would cost up to $300 to connect to the NBN if a house or business did not consent to connecting to it as it was rolled out initially.
Connecting to the NBN is optional and free while it is being rolled out now in Tasmania. It is unclear if a cost will be involved after the initial roll-out in other states and territories. Conroy confirmed yesterday that a cost would be involved later if one did not consent to connect to the network initially. "If it remains optional and [if] people ... sell the house and someone else moves in, then it's like any other business where they say 'Hey, come and connect me to this' - then there's a connection fee to get it connected," he said. But if the network were to be mandatory to connect to then there would be no charge at a later date. "The question of what happens if someone decides not to take it up now and then we come back to do them and it becomes mandated then I don't believe there would be a charge," he said. "But the key is to get it attached to the side of the house so the costs are reduced for everybody involved."
Speaking to the ABC's Lateline program last night Conroy said: "There's this furphy that Malcolm Turnbull and others have been spreading recently that [when the NBN is rolled out] people are going lose their fixed line, [that] they're ... not [going to] be able to make a phone call. "[But] it's as complicated as you take the little jack at the end of the cord out of one hole and you plug it in to a different hole and you keep making your phone calls." He believed that if consumers only wanted a phone line, the costs on the NBN would be the same as they were on the current copper network, although he could not give a guarantee. "Well the final retail prices that are being offered are ultimately the retail service providers'. But the wholesale prices that are being negotiated with Telstra and are going to become part of the business case ... will be available in a few short weeks." He said there should be no increase in price to a person "who's sitting there, they don't have broadband, all they want to do is pick up the phone and make a phone call. So there should be no change in their circumstances."
Asked by Lateline presenter Tony Jones if he could guarantee that, Conroy said: "Well I believe that the pricing which we'll see in a few weeks will demonstrate that that is absolutely going to be the case." Jones also raised this website's report that it would cost up to $300 to connect if one did not connect initially. Jones said to Conroy: "You might think your old fixed-line telephone is good enough and you don't think you want an NBN computer access." Senator Conroy said "some" had suggested that it could be $300, "but that has not been a final decision made". "Now, in the case of where it becomes mandatory to make your phone call on the fibre because the copper's been disconnected, I can't imagine there's a case where you could say you should have to pay now to come and make the connection. The purpose of the roll-out is to ensure that people, if they have to make a phone call and it's only got the fibre available, I can't imagine there is any case to be made for there being that charge."
State governments will have to change trespass or property laws to ensure households are not left without fixed telephone connections, following the Tasmanian government's move to introduce legislation for property owners to opt out of the government's fibre network. NSW and Victoria have said they have no plans to introduce opt-out laws. "NSW currently has no plans to legislate an opt-out model for the NBN and will determine a final position following discussions with other jurisdictions," said a spokesman for the NSW Commerce Minister, Paul Lynch. Follow Georgina Robinson and Ben Grubb on Twitter
The family members were detained after fleeing from Afghanistan in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Stuck in Iran
Omar, 28, said his family members cannot leave their compound or make phone calls without permission, and Iran has refused to release them to their native Saudi Arabia.
"Othman called me by phone four days ago and asked me to find a country to mediate their release and accept to receive them," Omar said.
He said his sister Iman was released three months ago, after she took refuge at the Saudi embassy in Tehran, and is now in Syria.
The government of Qatar, where Omar currently lives, has also been working to help relocate the family, he said in a separate interview with the Reuters news agency.
"Iran has a problem with Saudi Arabia. They don't want [the family] to go back home. That's why I am asking for Qatar's help, for Syria's help," he said. "They want to come here, or to Syria, or to any country in the world that would accept them."
Relations between the United States and Iran are frosty at the moment. Iran has railed against a new round of sanctions which were championed by the US and recently passed by the United Nations Security Council.
Iranian scientist Shahram Amiri, who US officials say defected to the United States only to return to Iran this month, has claimedthat he was abducted and tortured by US intelligence agents.
Relations between Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia and non-Arab, Shia Iran have also been marked by rivalry and mutual mistrust, in part due to Iranian nuclear plans.
Qatari diplomacy
Qatar is a close US ally, which hosts a large US military base.
The tiny country, which is the world's top natural gas exporter, has sought to carve out a role as a regional powerbroker, particularly in its efforts to engage Iran.
Doha hosted Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Iran's president, last year in a crisis meeting over Israel's invasion of Gaza, which was boycotted by Egypt and Saudi Arabia.
Omar said he has also been working with other organisations, including the United Nations, to obtain his family's release.
He broke with his father in 2001 after living in Afghanistan for much of 1996 through 2001. His father is believed to have about 20 children from several wives.
Omar left Afghanistan several months before the September 11 attacks on the United States. He has been denied an entry visa to the United Kingdom, and both Egypt and Spain have rejected his asylum requests.
Share This These Frozen facts will make you feel like a happy snowman.
By now we've all seen Frozenfor the billionth time and we love it more and more each time we hear “Let It Go.” But, there are many details in every snowflake of this movie that you may not have noticed. If you love Frozen as much as we do, these fun facts will completely melt your heart with happiness:
Elsa's hair was originally going to be black. Disney Animation held a “Sister Summit” where they gathered all of the women on the team that had sisters and asked them questions in order to better understand the sister relationship. John Ripa sketched Elsa while Idina Menzel sang in the studio to capture Menzel's passion while singing. A group of artists went on a research trip to Norway to gain inspiration for Arendelle's design. The official crest of Arendelle is a crocus, a symbol of rebirth and spring. At one point, Elsa was going to be blue. The idea of Kristoff as an ice harvester came late in production. Sven almost had just one horn. During Olaf's song “In Summer,” the backgrounds and shapes were changed to look more like Olaf. The rock crystals the trolls wear are inspired by the Northern Lights. Elsa's ice castle is based on the science of snowflakes.
A lot of love went into creating all of Arendelle and our favorite characters Elsa, Anna, Kristoff, Sven, and of course Olaf. And we're so glad it did.
Posted 3 years Ago
Jann Mardenborough grew up dreaming of driving racing cars. It was an infatuation that had begun with the gift of a Matchbox toy as a baby, but which he pursued with such quiet intensity that even his father Steve discovered only a year ago that motor racing – not football – was Jann's first love. Jann was quiet. To his mother Lesley-Anne he was "not particularly outgoing and quite a homeboy". Often too shy to answer the front door, he'd spend time in his bedroom, where he played video games. Yet this reserved, awkward teenager from Cardiff had a big surprise in store for his parents.
At eight, Jann thought he might have a chance of making it as a racing driver. Steve, an ex-professional footballer, had taken him to a kart circuit, and before long the owner took notice and told Steve his son was a natural. But finance proved the stumbling block. The local track closed down and the nearest alternative was in Bristol. "I stopped when I was 11," says Jann, "because it got too expensive."
He returned quietly to his bedroom, where he took to the next best thing – virtual racing on the video game Gran Turismo. It was the perfect release for the racing-obsessed teen: a singular pursuit offering a test of individual skill in which he could lose himself.
"One day," says Steve, "he came downstairs and said: 'Dad, I've qualified.' I said: 'Qualified for what?'"
In the middle of 2011, Mardenborough had entered an online competition on Gran Turismo 5 that offered one final shot at the real thing. Out of 90,000 other virtual racers, he made it into the top eight in Europe and won the chance to test himself against other gamers in a real car at Brands Hatch. That he had kept it to himself for so long was entirely in character for a boy who did not like to make a fuss. "At that point we had no idea what it was," admits Steve.
Seven months later, in January this year, Mardenborough, who'd never set foot in a racing car, was at the wheel of a serious piece of kit in the Dubai 24 Hour race – and at the beginning of what appears to be a very exciting career.
The video-game franchise in which Mardenborough began his journey, Sony's Gran Turismo, was originally designed by Japan's Kazunori Yamauchi in 1997. In an industry often (unfairly) accused of infantilism, Gran Turismo stands out for its quest to mirror a physical rather than fantastical reality. This is a racing "simulator" and its success (more than 60m sales worldwide) owes everything to how well it measures up to the real thing. Its sports cars may be but virtual creations, yet everything about them is designed to behave as closely as possible to the genuine article.
The level of accuracy now available in computer modelling means Formula One drivers, as a matter of course, do laps on simulators in preparation for races. Lewis Hamilton himself admitted to learning tracks during his rookie F1 year playing PlayStation with his brother.
Visually, the game is stunning. In cockpit mode, with a virtual dashboard at the bottom of the screen, the bonnet and track stretching to the fore and the claustrophobic confines of the interior rendered on the periphery, there is little or no conscious need to suspend disbelief. The pedal goes down and players are "in" the game – unconsciously leaning into corners and breathless while trying to thread through a pack of competitors.
But however accurately the game mimics reality, there is one crucial difference: simulations still lack movement – the sensation of the car reacting, grip felt through the seat of the pants, acceleration that compresses the body, and the forces generated in cornering.
Sensing a marketing opportunity, Sony teamed up with Nissan to form the GT Academy in 2008. It was a one-off project created to answer a simple question: could you take a gamer and put them in a real racing car? A 23-year-old Spaniard, Lucas Ordoñez, who was just beginning a business degree, won the online and then real-world challenge. After intensive training, he raced as one of a team of drivers in the 2009 Dubai 24.
With the marketing objectives achieved, it could have ended there. Except, much as he was just a gamer, Ordoñez was good. "I'm not a nervous guy, but I was physically sick with worry that we were sending this guy out to his death," said Nissan's Darren Cox.
But the way the driver dealt with a problem calmed his nerves. "I remember hearing the radio: 'Left rear puncture, coming into the pits; please change left rear.' He's in a 400 horsepower Nissan 350Z, he's got a crash helmet on, he's got the car moving around underneath him, but he's calm. And at that point I knew we had something," says Cox.
The programme was extended to see if this unorthodox method could uncover further talent. French gamer Jordan Tresson won a GT Academy place in 2010 and Ordoñez himself went on to race for the professional Signature Nissan team, taking a podium at sports car racing's most important meeting, the Le Mans 24 Hours, in 2011. From this came the concept of a car driven only by computer gamers entering this year's Dubai 24. Two new candidates were needed to be brought up to speed and the academy opened its online competition again. Which was how Jann Mardenborough found it.
The transition from computer-generated racing to hard, cold, dangerous steel ought to be both difficult and potentially terrifying, yet for Mardenborough it was instinctive: "It felt completely normal," he says. How to read racing lines – correct entrances and exits to corners; hand-eye co-ordination and a visual sense, plus the ability to look ahead of the car into breaking zones, had all been learned in the bedroom. "I'd never power-steered a car before," says Mardenborough. "I had only ever done it in a game. I was controlling it just with the throttle and it was completely natural to me."
He passed the test at Brands Hatch and later, at Silverstone, beat 11 other finalists to the place as a GT Academy driver. "My mouth was hurting because I was grinning from ear to ear so much," he says. "I met Bob [Neville], my team manager, straight after. That was the moment I realised I was a racing driver." Mardenborough was placed on a driver-development programme at Silverstone. In six months he and the winner of the US GT Academy, Bryan Heitkotter, gained their international racing licences, a process that normally takes three years.
The gamers are young, malleable and without ego. Even the lack of racing experience has a positive side-effect. Mardenborough's mentor Rob Jenkinson, a former racer himself, was sceptical of the academy concept but became convinced after seeing it in action. He explains that drivers entering through the traditional route have longer to pick up bad habits, sometimes taking years to correct. "With this, in six months we eliminate mistakes," he says. "We make good decisions on their behalf immediately."
What cannot be eliminated is the danger. Accidents now mean more than just hitting the restart button. "I know there's a dangerous side to it, but it didn't really cross my mind," Mardenborough says, despite having rolled the car at a race in Holland.
The Dubai MotorCity circuit forms part of Dubailand, which was to be a vast theme park stretching into the desert, featuring Tiger Woods's first golf-course design. Today sand blows across empty lots and cranes loom over half-finished buildings, exactly as they were in 2008 when the financial crisis stopped the project in its tracks – reminders of the dangers of expecting too much, too soon. It's a lesson not lost on the gamers and their RJN Motorsport team.
Mardenborough bounces through the paddock and pit lane on his toes, ready for the Dubai 24 Hour race. He shares with Hamilton not only the sculpted good looks but the calm self-assurance the McLaren driver displays. There's no sign of the shy teenager. Motor racing is all about focus, and before he steps into the car Mardenborough has it in spades.
For the first part of the race, the crew and drivers are struggling with mechanical gremlins, and tension suffuses the coarse desert air.
Endurance racing is like no other. It is a bewildering assault on the senses. The noise never abates and the cars spread out until there seems to be an endless stream streaking past, the atmosphere thick with the smell of rubber and oil. Each team races flat-out stints interspersed with furiously quick pit stops, looking to eke out tiny advantages that over a full 24 hours can make the difference between winning and losing. Through all this, the overriding aim is to at least finish the race – to see the chequered flag come down – and fortunately the early fears that technical problems might signal game over are dismissed as the car settles down into quick, trouble-free racing through the night and into the morning.
With an hour and a half to go, one driving stint remains and now, in third place, Neville chooses Mardenborough to take the wheel. Having raced so hard for so long, a mistake at this stage would be heartbreaking. The pressure is immense. Mardenborough brings the car home with ease and the team is on the podium.
"When I was 17 or so I was afraid to answer the phone," he tells me afterwards. "I've come a huge, long way." His mother calls it a "fairy story". Perhaps, as the academy opens its doors again on Tuesday to search for further young talent, it is also a fable for the modern age – where video gaming isn't all bad.
Just over two weeks after the race Nissan confirmed Mardenborough as its full-time driver for the season in the Blancpain Endurance Series – a full-scale, six-race, professional racing competition that visits some of the most famous circuits in Europe. It might be the start of something great. "Jann's 20 and there's a very wide sphere ahead of him," says Neville. "We have to just keep the lid on him..."
When I was 26, I was elected to the Connecticut State Senate from the 9th district, a swath of slightly Republican-leaning Hartford suburbs. We're a small state --100 miles across, 60 or so up and down -- but due to robust gerrymandering, my 10th district seatmate was from New Haven, a city 40 miles from my home. He was the majority leader and in his last term. He was smart, funny and self-deprecating, and right away I liked him. His name was Joe Lieberman. Seeing Joe back in the news leading the charge against Obama's Iran deal brings back memories; some good and some very bad.
As a freshman senator, I wrote or sponsored bills to bar investment in South Africa, give workers advance notice of plant closings, end job discrimination against the mentally ill and housing discrimination against families with children, help women get restraining orders against violent spouses, and require consumer contracts to be written in plain language. Joe was for all of them, in the end if not always at first.
Advertisement:
He and I became friends; not real friends, but not what politicians mean when they call whoever's next up on a speaking program “my good friend.” Fresh out of law school, with eight years of draft deferments under his belt, Joe had entered politics in the late `60s as a foe of the Vietnam War and a friend of measures to open up politics to women, minorities, and other outsiders. (It was not till the late `70s that reformers turned their gaze from party bosses to the big money guys who pulled their strings.)
From the first, Joe's observant Judaism was a hallmark of his public persona. In an America that felt awash in people like Horatio Alger's father -- whom Christopher Lasch described as “a man who knew both himself and God and usually elected to speak for both” -- some found Joe's religiosity off-putting. But when Joe skipped state conventions to observe the Sabbath, I admired him for it. Joe hadn't yet taken to advertising his close personal ties to the Almighty. I believed then, and still do, that a force for goodness animates the universe and if Joe did too it was fine by me.
In 1982, Joe got elected state attorney general, and he did what attorneys general do: hold press conferences to rail against polluters and assorted scam artists. As money flooded politics, governors stopped protecting consumers and soon every attorney general in America looked like Ralph Nader by comparison. The office became the best springboard in politics. In 1988 Joe challenged a real crusader, Senator Lowell Weicker. Aided by right wing Miami Cubans -- Lowell wanted to lift the embargo -- and arch conservative Anglos led by William F. Buckley, Jr., Joe won a squeaker.
It wasn't just Cubans and Buckleyites who came to Joe's aid. I did too. Friends on the left had been warning me off him for years by then but I didn't listen. Weicker was vulnerable then on the environment. I knew lots of Washington enviros from my days working for the nuclear freeze. I made the case to anyone who'd listen that Joe was greener than Lowell. In a race so tight there's no telling what damage I did. I spent election night in Joe's Hartford hotel suite. As the count dragged on I watched him sit quietly with his wife, calmly preparing to accept whatever fate awaited them. I thought what a rare politician this was who'd never be ruined by raw ambition because he saw life whole.
In the Senate Joe dove into government oversight and took up with the Democratic Leadership Council. The left hated the DLC. I was always of two minds about it. Pols used it as a vehicle for corporate fundraising. But DLC policy types tried to make government work better. I liked Al Gore's reinventing government stuff. Obama's later aversion to ethics and management reform cost him dearly; When DLC Dems pocketed its corporate contacts and ditched its management reforms they didn't just throw out the baby with the bath water; they threw out the baby and drank the bath water and have been sick ever since.
By the late `90s, I saw Joe with different eyes, if still not clearly enough. As Gore cast about for a 2000 running mate, I spoke to press contacts made in my Clinton White House years and wrote Gore a memo extolling Joe's virtues and some vices that only looked like virtues; in the aftermath of impeachment his late penchant for moralizing could prove a plus. His corporate-friendly environmentalism might inoculate Gore against attacks on his own stronger, clearer stands. Joe was a Jew and his nomination would be historic. Gore picked him and the instant effect was electric. Gore took a lead and for a second it seemed he'd never look back.
Advertisement:
I watched from home the night Joe debated Dick Cheney. Going in Joe was deemed an asset for Gore while Cheney was considered a millstone round the neck of the trailing Bush. Cheney is a serial dissembler, a right-wing extremist and one of the premier warmongers of his or any other time. He was for cop killer bullets and leaving Nelson Mandela to rot in jail. The public already thought him extreme. All Joe had to do was strip away his thin establishment veneer. A question or two on Mandela or cops would have done the trick. No one asked him to be an attack dog, just to let people know who Cheney was. But Joe was intent on burnishing his bipartisan credentials. He and Cheney chatted the whole time like classmates at a reunion. When it was over, Cheney was rehabilitated and Bush was ahead. It wasn't treason -- one assumes Joe wanted to be vice president -- it was ego.
Gore recovered, but not enough to keep Bush from stealing the race. Florida began what has since become a second great wave of voter suppression. During the recount, Republicans who'd deprived African Americans of the lawful exercise of their franchise asked to let in unlawful post-election ballots from presumably Bush friendly soldiers. Gore said no. Joe told Gore he'd say no too, but then told the press he “owed it to our troops” to say yes. This was treason, and Gore never forgave him. When Joe ran for president in 2004, Al leapt to endorse Howard Dean.
Democrats' 2004 rejection of Joe is a textbook lesson in democracy. With residual good will from 2000, Joe started out ahead. But Democrats opposed the Iraq war, and along with New York Times columnist Tom Friedman, Joe was arguably one of the most important backers of the war not in the direct employ of the Bush administration. As Joe reaffirmed his support of the invasion, Democrats looked elsewhere. It wasn't personal, not to the voters, who by and large still liked Joe. But in the months and years ahead Joe made plain it was plenty personal to him. That he thought he could desert his party on the issue of the day and still be its standard bearer suggests how his ego had swelled.
In 2006, Lieberman -- no longer “Joe” to me -- was primaried over the war. He lost the primary but ran as an independent and won. Before the primary, then-Sen. Barack Obama attended a Democratic dinner on Lieberman's behalf, called Lieberman his role model, and said when he came to the Senate he asked Lieberman to mentor him. Lieberman said Obama would rise even higher and that he'd help him. But two years later, he opposed him, in the general election no less. Moreover, the guy who wouldn't lay a glove on Dick Cheney in 2000 didn't hesitate to go on the attack.
Advertisement:
After Obama vanquished John McCain, Democratic senators wanted to punish Lieberman for this most egregious betrayal. But Obama, anxious to burnish his own bipartisan credentials, intervened on his behalf. It says much about Obama's bargaining skills, as well as his affinity for Lieberman's views -- if no longer for the man himself-- that he asked nothing in return. He could have said to Lieberman, Vote as you wish on any bill, but promise me you won't join a Republican filibuster of my highest priority, health care reform. He never did, not even when Lieberman was the 60th vote needed for cloture. Obama ran for president promising to enact a strong health care public option. It had passed the House and there were more than 50 votes pledged to it in the Senate when Lieberman demanded its removal as the price of cloture. Obama never even called, having long before traded away his own support of it in private.
Lieberman's maneuvering on health care fit a larger pattern. He was the first Democrat to stand in Congress to condemn Bill Clinton's liaison with Monica Lewinsky. His speech gave political cover to Republicans bent on impeachment. After 9/11, he was a prime mover of bills to reorganize U.S. intelligence and homeland security that drew attention away from elected leaders who were the real problem. (Years later, there's still no one in command of intelligence, due to that law's grievous defects.) He was also an architect of the “cap and trade” climate bill that turned a once-good idea into public policy mystery meat; an opaque disaster of a bill Republicans used to make climate change a joke.
But his signature role was beating the drums of war. The catastrophe of the Iraq War dwarfs that of the one he rode out at Yale all those years ago. A few ideologues thought to export democracy by military means and lied to do it, thus tainting the reputations of our military and democracy itself. Joe Lieberman was in the thick of it.
Advertisement:
I think of all this as Lieberman re-enters the news. Earlier this month, the director of the biggest group opposed to the Iran nuclear weapons pact resigned, having come to the conclusion that it was a good deal after all. This created an instant need for a man with no learning curve. Lieberman, who sits on the boards of three groups fighting the deal, was a natural choice. So he continues his long rightward trek. He calls himself a centrist, but as Republicans grow more extreme, he follows along. He still dissembles. When he asks “How can you make a deal with a country that says they want to kill us?” he knowingly exaggerates the threat Iran poses to the United States. He criticizes inspections, knowing the alternative is none at all. He speaks of more sanctions and a better deal knowing the moment we walk away the sanctions regime and all negotiations are over.
When they aren't torpedoing the Iran deal, Republicans are conning the country into a ground war with ISIS. In July, Lieberman pal Lindsey Graham called for sending 20,000 troops in. In the Iraq war hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and 4,486 Americans died. We spent eight years and two trillion dollars and can't even call it a draw. But 20,000 more troops will do the trick? The Iran deal won't undo all our past blunders. But it is a chance to start over; to choose the rule of law over the force of arms. This is surely where our security and the world's peace reside.
SBU: Bodies of MH17 victims ‘contain missile fragments' 7 19.12.2014, 13:53
7,804
The bodies of some of the passengers killed in the plane crash contain metal objects.
Some of the bodies of the passengers of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17, which crashed in Donetsk on July 17, contain metal fragments that indicate the plane was shot down by a surface-to-air missile, Ukraine's SBU security service said on Friday.
The announcement was made by the Chief of the Investigation Department of the Security Service of Ukraine and the co-chair of the international investigation group into the crash, Vasiliy Vovk.
"One of the main theories being considered is that the plane was shot down by a Buk missile system from territory controlled by terrorist groups," Vovk said.
He said the bodies of some of the passengers killed in the plane crash contain metal objects that were not part of the aircraft.
"Today we can claim that the crash of the plane was caused by external factors," he said.
He also added that many people had been questioned as witnesses in connection with the case, but many more still had to be interrogated once Ukraine resumes control over its eastern territories.
According to him, representatives of the international commission investigating the crash will publish the interim results of their investigation, with the Ukrainian side making its own contribution.
PARCHED: Waikato pastures have been drying out, like the hills around Scotsman valley.
Top farming and government officials are set to meet tomorrow to consider officially declaring Waikato a drought zone following one of the driest summers in years.
And if the Government baulks at declaring a drought, there's a chance the regional council will take matters into its own hands.
After weeks without rain and no foreseeable relief for weeks to come, Waikato Regional Council chairman Peter Buckley says it is time to get serious about the situation.
"Whether it is [declared] on Friday or the following week, that is what this meeting is all about," he said.
The ideal solution would be for central government to make the move, because higher-levels of support would be available, but if that does not happen, the council will consider declaring a local drought itself.
All aspects will be discussed at the meeting in Hamilton, with representatives from the council, the ministry, Federated Farmers and the Rural Support Trust.
The minister, Nathan Guy, said yesterday the Waikato had not yet reached the official threshold for a drought but was "not far off".
"I'm keeping a close eye on the conditions and the Ministry for Primary Industries is closely monitoring the situation."
Mr Buckley said it was "getting serious out there" for Waikato farmers.
"For some farmers it is more than serious - it's got to the stage where we need to make some decisions."
No discernable rain is forecast until early next month, and some farmers have stopped milking earlier than usual because of the dry weather.
A drought declaration - at either national or local level - is important because it triggers financial support for farming households through Rural Support Trusts, Mr Buckley said.
"They won't get money to buy stock feed but they can get money for their living costs."
Mr Buckley said a lot of farmers had been approaching the council asking when they were going to declare a drought, and all agencies involved were asking the council the same question.
"One of the reasons we have been holding off is we saw there was a lot of stock feed around on farms but that is going very, very quickly so we need to act now before that feed disappears."
Mr Buckley said the speed with which this year's drought had taken hold had caught a lot of people out.
"It is a different drought to other years - they usually creep up incrementally."
Mr Buckley, himself a farmer, said the situation was as bad on his farm as in the Waikato drought of 2008, with milk production lower than in 2008, he said.
Mr Guy said dry conditions were making life very tough for many farmers around the North Island.
"If we do go into drought then a range of support measures could be available through IRD and WINZ.
"The next few weeks are going to be crucial. Farmers badly need some decent rain to get them through autumn and into winter," Mr Guy said.
Rural Support Trust Waikato chairman Neil Bateup said it was starting to get stressful for farmers in the Waikato.
"There is most concern about availability of feed if it continues for a long time, condition of cows, production levels and financial impacts," he said.
Waikato University agribusiness professor Jacqueline Rowarth said the drought was shaping up as a bad one - but most farmers would rather receive decent pay for their product than drought relief.
A problem with declaring a drought was that urban people would get riled up thinking farmers were getting an unfair advantage, Dr Rowarth said.
People might think farmers were getting tax relief, for instance, but most farmers would not earn enough money in the drought to be eligible for tax relief.
DairyNZ predicts about $40 million could be wiped off dairy farmers' income this season because of the dry weather. Milk production for the month is 15 per cent down on the same time last season.
PRAYING FOR RAIN
Waikato Regional Council information paints a dry picture for the Waikato, but shows that the impact can depend on where you farm.
SOIL MOISTURE
Soils are very dry – 30-50 mm drier than normal for this time of year – using NIWA data.
RAINFALL
February rainfall across the region has been variable. Matamata is at 40 per cent of normal rainfall, while Te Kuiti rainfall has already exceeded the monthly average. Since October at Matamata, three of the last five months (including February) have been below average, but December rainfall was nearly three times the average. Since the start of summer at Te Kuiti, two of the last five months (including February) have been below average.
RIVER FLOWS
In rainfall-fed streams, flows are nearly as low as in 2007-08 – e.g. Piako and Waipa. In spring-fed streams, flows are not as low as the same time in the 2007-08 drought – e.g. Waihou and tributaries of the Waikato above Karapiro Dam.
LAKE LEVEL
Taupo lake level/storage is lower than at the same time in the 2007-08 drought.
As was the case with Marshmallow, some of the most exciting aspects of Android N aren't things you can see, but changes that are taking place in the background. When the next version comes to your phone, you're going to see a performance boost.
To understand why, close your eyes. Okay, now open them back up so that you can continue reading. Crap, I've already lost you.
Alright, you've made it this far. That means you've opened your eyes. Thanks for that. Now, picture the lag that happens whenever you take a picture or toggle Wi-Fi on after it's been off a while. The stutter may be brief. If you have a newer phone and don't have many apps installed, you may not notice it at all. If your device is older and cheaper, you may experience slowdown that almost makes you want to undo what you just did.
That's because a bunch of apps are monitoring your device for the arrival of new pictures and video or changes to network connectivity. Dropbox, for example, wants to know when you snap a photo so that it can back up the image. If you take a bunch while offline, it wants to know when you're connected again. When a fourth of the apps on your phone are keeping an eye out for these changes, you may experience a reduction in performance. And there's no pill you can take for it.
With Android N, apps will have to wait their turn. Rather than taking an action at every CONNECTIVITY_ACTION, ACTION_NEW_PICTURE, or ACTION_NEW_VIDEO broadcast, apps will wait for the JobScheduler API to tell them when it's time to act.
@martimlobao Uploads will happen, but on WiFi and in batches. So from a user POV, camera apps and their device will be faster. — Joanna Smith (@dontmesswithjo) March 14, 2016
Actions will take place on a predetermined schedule. You can increase or decrease how often apps wake up by adjusting Data Saver settings. This change encourages apps to use Wi-Fi rather than cellular data, and tasks will occur in batches rather than at the time of each individual action.
In the end, you're saving data and getting better performance at the same time. You might even eke out extra battery life due to reduced network usage. On a mobile device, all of these sounds like win.
The narrative has remained unchanged since the Minnesota Wild executed a free-agency coup that triggered a July 4 celebration. The marquee trumpeted the arrival of a dynamic duo over and over: Parise and Suter; Suter and Parise.
Instantly, the Wild had a new face and big plans, which is understandable given Zach Parise's and Ryan Suter's elite talent, stature within the NHL and marketing appeal. But something -- or someone -- went missing in the hoopla.
"Number 9?" Wild coach Mike Yeo said.
Oh, yeah, No. 9, Mikko Koivu, team captain and all-star center. Remember him?
Until July 4, Koivu served as the unofficial face of the franchise. He was the Wild's best and highest-paid player and a rock inside the dressing room. The Wild was his team.
And now? Well, he's not necessarily the team's best player anymore. Or its highest paid. Or its marketing face.
But Koivu remains the captain and most important player on a team that begins a condensed season on Saturday with unbridled expectations. Nobody should view him as a third wheel.
"If I have questions, I go to him," Parise said. "It's his team. He's the captain."
As a leader, Koivu is intensely prideful but purposefully low key. He's fiery on the ice and occasionally terse with reporters. He doesn't mind sharing the spotlight because that's never been his thing anyway. He just wants to win. His ego can survive the love that greeted Parise, Suter and rookie Mikael Granlund.
"We're getting lots of publicity here, and that's a good thing," Koivu said. "It's about the team. I don't have a problem with that at all."
General Manager Chuck Fletcher wasn't concerned about how Koivu would internalize the heroes' welcome bestowed upon his new teammates, but he wanted to explain the financial component to Koivu before he signed Parise and Suter. Koivu is entering the second-year of his $47.25 million deal that includes five annual signing bonus installments of $1.89 million. That represented the richest contract in franchise history.
Fletcher called Koivu and informed him that the Wild had a chance to sign both free agents but that it would require "massive deals." Both players ultimately doubled Koivu's contract with $98 million deals. They also received $10 million signing bonuses. Fletcher initiated the conversation because he didn't want Koivu "to be caught off guard" by those figures.
"There were no issues, none whatsoever," Fletcher said. "He said, 'I'm happy with my deal and if we can add players of that caliber, it would be great for our franchise.' "
Koivu said he's not bitter or jealous of the money and attention his new teammates have received. He also appreciated Fletcher's gesture, calling it a "classy move."
"Mikko is so selfless that he will put the team before himself every day of the week," Yeo said. "He was so excited about the idea that he would never be afraid of somebody stealing his thunder or somebody stealing his spotlight because all he wants to do is win."
Koivu remains the glue to the entire operation. The Wild went 62-50-14 with him in the lineup the past two seasons. The team was 12-21-5 without him, including an 8-16-3 record last season after he was injured.
Koivu's value remains under-appreciated, though, because his game involves more substance than style. He's not flashy. He doesn't score a lot of goals. He refuses to take chances at the expense of his defensive responsibilities.
TSN in Canada recently ranked the NHL's top 50 players. Koivu didn't make the list.
"To me, Mikko is easily one of the top 50 players in NHL," Fletcher said. "I don't think he gets the recognition."
That's probably a reflection of his modest statistics and the Wild's struggles in recent years. Koivu has never scored more than 22 goals in a season or collected more than 71 points.
"Unfortunately, that's the sports world for you," Parise said. "Everyone wants to see the box score and who put up the numbers. People aren't overly concerned most of the time about who creates the play, and he's the one creating the plays."
Smart hockey people say the beauty of Koivu's game is in the details. The way he works and controls a game and is wedded to defense. They applaud his consistent approach and ability to make those around him better. That's not always sexy, but his game is so fundamentally understated that it's easy to take his contributions for granted.
"I have a whole new appreciation for how good he really is," Parise said. "I was kind of taken aback a little bit. No disrespect because I always knew he was a good player. But you don't know until you're with him."
They're together now for what the Wild hopes is a long time. A new era begins on Saturday, and Parise and Suter are supposed to elevate this franchise to new heights. But that won't happen without their All-Star center standing right beside them.
Chip Scoggins  ascoggins@startribune.com
Good morning.
(Want to get California Today by email? Here's the sign-up.)
Everyone agrees that it costs too much to live in California. Now Sacramento is trying to do something about that.
Last week the California Legislature passed 15 housing bills in a sweeping attempt to tame the state's astronomical cost of living. Each bill has a different target, but they all aim to increase the pace of new housing construction.
Two of the bills, SB2 and SB3, provide new funding for subsidized affordable housing. Two other measures will make it harder for cities to block new projects: SB35 will streamline the approval process in cities that have fallen behind state housing goals, while SB167 will make it harder for cities to deny home building that complies with local rules.
Gov. Jerry Brown is expected to sign all of the bills.
“This shows that housing has risen to the top of the agenda in California,” said Scott Wiener, the state senator from San Francisco who wrote SB35.
The Trump administration is off to the races in starting and completing the renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). After the administration announced earlier this year that it would seek to renegotiate NAFTA, it often stated that its goal is to complete the negotiations as soon as possible — possibly by the end of this year.
This is likely driven by the administration's desire to quickly improve what the president considers to be a flawed and unfair agreement. Another reason is to complete the negotiations before the lead-up to Mexico's presidential election in June of next year, when Mexico's ability to negotiate will be limited. Nonetheless, it will be extremely difficult for the administration to complete the negotiations by the end of 2017, or even by the beginning of 2018.
ADVERTISEMENT
The scope of the substantive changes to NAFTA sought by the administration is certainly one reason why the negotiations will not be completed soon. The summary of negotiating objectives issued by the administration on July 17 show that the administration is not seeking mere tweaks to NAFTA.
Rather, the administration is seeking significant changes to NAFTA's existing provisions and wants to add new provisions spanning from rules on digital trade and state-owned enterprises to disciplines on currency manipulation. The complexity of these issues, plus likely strong opposition from Canada and Mexico on some changes, does not portend well for a rapid negotiation.
Even if the administration's negotiating ability enables it to swiftly move through these issues, there is another factor — TPA. The administration issued the summary of negotiation objectives to comply with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, commonly referred to as TPA.
TPA requires the administration to meet certain congressional consultation and notification requirements regarding the negotiation of trade agreements, as well as to seek negotiating objectives described in TPA. If these requirements are met for a trade agreement, then any resulting implementing legislation needed to change U.S. law receives streamlined consideration by Congress.
So far, the Trump administration is seeking to meet the requirements of TPA for the renegotiation of NAFTA. TPA requires the posting of a summary of negotiating objectives no less than 30 days before negotiations begin, which the administration has sought to do. The administration also earlier sought to meet TPA's requirement to notify Congress of its intent to begin the renegotiation of NAFTA no less than 90 days before negotiations begin when the administration sent its notification in May.
However, these are not the last of the timeline-based requirements in TPA. Before the administration can sign a renegotiated NAFTA, it must have met four more such requirements. First, the administration is required to notify Congress of whether there are potential changes to the U.S. trade remedy laws (the antidumping and countervailing duty laws) as a result of the renegotiated NAFTA 180 days before signature.
The administration must then later notify Congress of its intent to sign the agreement at least 90 days before signature and also publicly release the agreement text 60 days before signature. In addition, the administration is required to provide information on the agreement to the International Trade Commission no later than 90 days before signing.
These deadlines show that it is essentially impossible for the administration to conclude negotiations and sign a renegotiated NAFTA by the end of this year and comply with TPA. Even if the negotiations were concluded within a few months, the window to sign a renegotiated NAFTA during the first quarter of 2018 would still be extraordinarily tight.
The administration could reach an agreement in concept without signing, but this would be inconsistent with having an agreement completed before Mexico's presidential election season.
Another option would be for the administration to decide to not have the implementing legislation for a renegotiated NAFTA subject to TPA and for it instead to be considered by Congress without any streamlined procedures. This is simply not realistic. Getting implementing legislation through Congress that has “NAFTA” in its title will be a significant political challenge even with the benefits of TPA.
Doing this without TPA, where the legislation can be amended, requiring the renegotiated NAFTA to be reopened and subject to regular procedural rules is virtually impossible.
The bottom line is that it is not practical for the administration to try to complete the renegotiation of NAFTA on a tight schedule. A better approach would be to diligently renegotiate NAFTA, while complying with the above notification requirements of TPA, as well as TPA's requirements to fully consult with Congress.
This would result in a better chance of Congress passing a renegotiated NAFTA under TPA. Indeed, if this means that the implementing legislation for a renegotiated NAFTA is not considered until after the 2018 congressional elections, potentially so much the better.
Stephen J. Claeys focuses on issues relating to international trade as a partner at Wiley Rein LLP, which represents clients in complex, high-stakes regulatory, litigation and transactional matters. Claeys previously handled international trade issues in the White House, the House of Representatives Committee on Ways & Means and the Department of Commerce.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz will retire after this term, as first reported by BuzzFeed News' Alexis Levinson and confirmed by Chaffetz in a Facebook post:
"After long consultation with my family and prayerful consideration, I have decided I will not be a candidate for any office in 2018. Since late 2003 I have been fully engaged with politics as a campaign manager, a chief of staff, a candidate and as a Member of Congress. I have long advocated public service should be for a limited time and not a lifetime or full career. Many of you have heard me advocate, "Get in, serve, and get out." After more than 1,500 nights away from my home, it is time. I may run again for public office, but not in 2018."
Why it matters: Chaffetz chairs the powerful House Oversight Committee, and spent much of 2016 investigating Hillary Clinton's emails. He's been less visible during the Trump administration.
Upcoming Utah political races after 2018: Governor in 2020.
Ventura Gem, Mineral, Fossil, Lapidary Show, March 2-3!
The Ventura Gem & Mineral Society's 57th Annual Gem, Mineral, Fossil, & Lapidary Show is coming to the Ventura County Fairgrounds (10 W. Harbor Blvd., Ventura), on Sat., March 2 (10AM-5PM) and Sun., March 3 (10AM-4PM). There are going to be beautiful displays, the annual Country Store & Plant Sale, silent auctions and a raffle for great prizes, kids activities, demonstrators showing rock cutting and jewelry-making techniques, and all sorts of dealers selling rocks, fossils, minerals, jewelry, and lapidary arts supplies. Entrance to the show is free, although there is a $5 parking fee imposed by the fairgrounds.
VGMS Gem & Mineral Show – March 2-3, 2019
The VGMS holds its annual Gem and Mineral Show (at the Ventura County Fairgrounds) on the first full weekend in March. Join us for 2 days of exhibits, dealers, kid's activities, silent auctions, raffles, plant sales and a rummage sale. (The latter two sales fund our scholarship program.)
The 57th Annual Gem, Mineral, Fossil & Lapidary Show of the Ventura Gem & Mineral Society (VGMS) takes place March 2–3 (10AM—5PM, Saturday; 10AM—4PM, Sunday) at the Ventura County Fairgrounds (10 W. Harbor Blvd, Ventura, CA). The show is open to the public and admission is free, although the Fairgrounds charges a parking fee if using the Fairgrounds lot.
There's gold in them thar hills, and you can learn how to pan for it at the 57th Annual Show of the Ventura Gem & Mineral Society. At one booth, expert prospectors will guide you through the steps of gold panning, and you can purchase “pay dirt” to pan for real gold in your own backyard. You'll also see displays that include meteorites, handcrafted jewelry, and “Auggie”, the California State Dinosaur.
With a focus on kids and education, on gemstone cutting and jewelry-making, and on rocks and fossils, the Ventura Gem and Lapidary Show has been a fun family event for 57 years. During our pre-show dinner on Friday, March 1, we will present a $1,000 Scholarship to geology student Diana Valentino of Santa Barbara City College. The next day on entering the show, kids will be given a free polished stone at our Welcome Booth, where we will have free rock samples and educational packets for teachers. At the Kids Booth, children will enjoy activities offering an assortment of rocky prizes. A display nearby will offer information about the society's two-room museum in Ojai, where teachers, home-schoolers, and Scouts can arrange tours by appointment.
This free lapidary show will feature 60 displays of gems, minerals, meteorites, fossils, and award-winning handcrafted jewelry. Among these will be educational exhibits of fossils collected locally in and around Ventura County, as well as a display of our State Rock, Mineral, Fossil, and Gemstone (including a gold nugget and Ice Age saber-tooth cat). Still other displays will show how stones collected locally have been crafted into jewelry. Demonstrations throughout the show will give visitors up-close looks at artists pursuing their skills, including gemstone cutting, silver work and jewelry making, beading, and other arts. Raffle prizes include fine jewelry, a $100 bill, mineral and fossil specimens, and more. Also part of the festivities are hourly silent auctions for rocks, minerals, and fossils, as well as a white elephant sale, plant sale, and over 15 dealers selling beads, opals, jade, gemstones, crystals, fossils, jewelry and jewelry-making supplies, and gift items. It's a Ventura tradition the whole family can enjoy!
VGMS was founded in 1944 to encourage interest in rocks, minerals, fossils, jewelry-making, and related areas through education, activities, and exhibitions such as this annual show, which is open to the community. The society is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, educational organization and welcomes individual and family members. VGMS hosts monthly talks on earth science topics and lapidary arts, makes presentations to area schools, and conducts field trips for members and guests that often involve collecting rocks, minerals, and fossils in southern California and neighboring states.
The show is the society's major fund-raising event helping to underwrite educational activities, including the annual college scholarship.
http://vgms.org/category/gem-show/
If you would like more info on local Mineral shows and rockhound clubs click on our News page for up to date listings and links to Gem Show, Mineral Show, and Fossil Show announcements. We update our rockhound news twice an hour and showcase the top mineral shows and rockhound news in the USA and the World. Also, follow us on Twitter for even more rockhound events, commentary, and laughable quips from American Geode.
http://www.americangeode.com
Peanut butter is in my opinion one of the best sources of calories for someone who has trouble gaining weight. Nowadays due to the popularity of energy bars, weight gainers, and protein powders, many athletes and weightlifters seem to forget about including real meals within their diet plan
It can become tiresome doing the same routine day in and day out and let's face it sometimes you just don't want liquid calories but something more delicious and substantial to eat.
Instead of getting the bulk of your calories from protein by consuming protein shakes, why not substitute your supplementation regime on some days with real foods that will offer you the same nutritional profile?
Then you get the best of both worlds: a high protein nutritious meal and a break from the mundane routine. The less monotonous the routine the more likely you are to stick with the muscle building program.
Why peanut butter? Well, peanut butter is an awesome muscle building superfood because its high in calories and an affordable source of protein and healthy fats that are needed to build and repair muscles.
Peanut butter lifters rejoice this week with seven great ways to incorporate peanut butter into your diet. Here are some cheap and easy to make peanut butter muscle building recipes that I found elsewhere on the internet. Simply click on the link for more information about an individual recipe using peanut butter.
1. Chocolate and Peanut Butter Protein Bars Recipe
2. Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce
3. High Protein Peanut Butter Balls
4. Peanut Butter & Oatmeal Pancakes (feel free to use honey instead of maple syrup)
5. Cold Peanut Sesame Noodles
6. Banana Peanut Butter Weight Gain Shake Recipe (see recipe at the bottom of the page)
7. Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich
Get inspired with these peanut butter muscle building recipes. Eating doesn't have to be boring! You can never get tired of eating peanut butter sandwiches try and make them a staple in your diet. In addition to using the chocolate peanut butter sandwich recipe above you can add ingredients such as honey, jelly, and cinnamon to change things up.
The chocolate-flavored peanut butter sandwich would have to be one of my favorite nutritious, high-calorie snacks.
If you're looking for more recipes to gain weight check out the weight gain shake recipes page and this sample 3000-calorie bulk up diet plan
Have cheap and easy to make recipes using peanut butter of your own? Let us know in the comments below.
Photo: Ben Gabbe/Getty Images
Michael Jai White is a familiar face to those who know him from his brief part in 2008's The Dark Knight, playing a mob boss murdered by Heath Ledger's Joker, or bigger roles in multiple Tyler Perry–produced movies and TV series — he's in his fifth season on Tyler Perry's for Better or for Worse. But it's his star turns as the title characters in 1997's Spawn, where he was the first African-American actor to play a superhero lead onscreen; and 2009's Blaxploitation homage Black Dynamite (which he also co-wrote) that define White for action fans.
White continued to play Black Dynamite — a 1970s martial artist, Vietnam War veteran, and former CIA officer — after the cult film, voicing the character in the Black Dynamite animated series on Adult Swim in 2012. White sat down with Vulture during New York Comic-Con to discuss the series, whose long-in-the-works second season begins Saturday.
For the uninitiated, talk a little about the show.
It's an urban action comedy set in the ‘70s … like Fat Albert's badass uncle. [Laughs.] It's one of the most satisfying things I've ever done. It's like, there's something that came out of your brain, and other people think it's funny as well. It's more personal than when you're just performing a character — where every other department is working to make you look good — Black Dynamite is very fulfilling.
It seems like the show gives you the chance to do the sequels you've never been able to do in live action. The stories are bigger and even a little broader on the series, like when Black Dynamite drives a race car that's essentially KITT from Knight Rider, but with the voice of Eartha Kitt [played by MADtv's Debra Wilson].
You know, we're still planning to do sequels to the movie. I always pictured Black Dynamite as a trilogy, sort of like the Monty Python movies: Holy Grail, Life of Brian, The Meaning of Life …
It's quite a different animal in the animated world. You've got so much you can do on so many different kinds of canvases. There are obviously similarities to the movie, but the show is focused on the adventures of the whole Black Dynamite “family,” while the movie was really more ronin-like. [Ronin refers to leaderless samurai who operate without a lord to report to.]
While the movie had Richard Nixon in it, the first season of the TV show upped the ante with even more historical figures from the ‘70s, from a returning Nixon [in an episode featuring Elvis Presley as Nixon's dupe] to Richard Pryor, O.J. Simpson, and more. Can fans expect cameos like that in the new season?
We're gonna have a lot of cameos: Mister Rogers, Woody Allen, James Brown, Don Cornelius … it's more of the same, but better. Everything was so new the first time, but now we have the benefit of knowing what worked best, and we really applied that knowledge this time around.
Give me an example.
We found that we can do our thing and come out unscathed. Some of the things that I was a little more worried about turned out to be no problem at all. Like the Michael Jackson episode. [In which a Jackson 5–era Michael Jackson is revealed to be a half-alien monster.] I mean, Michael Jackson was, without a doubt, the most famous person who ever lived. And to get away with what we did with him … we can get away with anything.
I was pleasantly surprised that there wasn't any backlash. Maybe people realized how ridiculous criticizing it would be.
It's not exactly a documentary.
No. [Laughs.]
Black Dynamite gives you the chance to pay homage to a bunch of different Blaxploitation characters from the period. If you had the chance to remake any Blaxploitation movie, is there one you'd especially want to dig into?
Hmm … I would definitely love to do another Mack [A 1973 film co-starring Richard Pryor and Max Julien]. I think that was an underappreciated movie. In a way, Hustle & Flow was kind of like doing another Mack, an updated version. Doing a drama set in the era where The Mack was set, focusing on the drama between the two brothers … that would be a tremendous movie.
Not an action movie per se …
“Blaxploitation” encompasses other movies that are not … you know, Shaft, was one of the earliest ones, but it was just an urban action film. Then some “Blaxploitation” movies just jumped on the bandwagon of getting black audience dollars in theatres. It's a convenient moniker that gets attached to any black movie of that time. Black Dynamite was a celebration of all of it, the good and the bad.
You've done a lot of voice acting apart from Black Dynamite, but as live-action heroes go, you're probably best known for Spawn. Answer the comic-book fan question: who wins in a fight between Black Dynamite and Spawn?
Black Dynamite. Because Black Dynamite doesn't lose. He just. Doesn't. Lose.
BOSTON (Reuters) - A rash of hacking attacks on U.S. companies over the past two years has prompted insurers to massively increase cyber premiums for some companies, leaving firms that are perceived to be a high risk scrambling for cover.
On top of rate hikes, insurers are raising deductibles and in some cases limiting the amount of coverage to $100 million, leaving many potentially exposed to big losses from hacks that can cost more than twice that.
“Some companies are struggling to find the money to buy the coverage they want,” said Tom Reagan, a cyber insurance executive with Marsh & McLennan Co's (MMC.N) Marsh broker unit.
The price of cyber coverage - which helps cover costs like forensic investigations, credit monitoring, legal fees and settlements - varies widely, depending on the strength of a company's security. But the overall trend is sharply up.
Retailers and health insurers have been especially hard hit by the squeeze after high-profile breaches at Home Depot Inc (HD.N), Target Corp (TGT.N), Anthem Inc (ANTM.N) and Premera Blue Cross.
Health insurers who suffered hacks are facing the most extreme increases, with some premiums tripling at renewal time, said Bob Wice, a leader of Beazley Plc's BEZG.L cyber insurance practice.
Average rates for retailers surged 32 percent in the first half of this year, after staying flat in 2014, according to previously unreported figures from Marsh.
Higher deductibles are also now common for retailers and health insurers. And even the biggest insurers will not write policies for more than $100 million for risky customers. That leave companies like Target, which says its big 2013 data breach has cost $264 million, paying out of pocket.
No. 2 U.S. health insurer Anthem ran into difficulties renewing its coverage after an attack early this year that compromised some 79 million customer records, according to testimony from Anthem General Counsel Thomas Zielinski at an August hearing of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.
Renewal rates were “prohibitively expensive,” according to minutes of that session seen by Reuters. The company managed to get $100 million in coverage, Zielinski said, but only after agreeing to pay the first $25 million in costs for any future attacks. The company would not say what that figure was before, but it was likely much smaller.
OPPORTUNITY FOR INSURERS
The spate of hacks is potentially good and bad for insurers. It means they have to pay out more in claims, but it also highlights the importance of buying insurance and gives them a reason to jack rates up.
As more companies realize the importance of having coverage, and insurers move in to meet that demand, the cyber insurance market is set to triple to about $7.5 billion over the next five years, according to a recent study by consulting firm PwC.
But insurers are wary of the hard-to-predict risks they are taking on.
“We have turned clients away,” said Tracie Grella, the global head of professional liability at insurance giant American International Group Inc (AIG.N).
AIG offers cyber policies that cover up to $75 million for a cyberattack, but only for companies like top global banks that have been the most adept at securing networks and mitigating cyber risk.
Another insurer, Ace Group ACE.N, recently started offering up to $100 million in coverage, but only after an intensive review of potential clients' cybersecurity policies and procedures.
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRKa.N) this month also launched its first cyber policies through its specialty insurance division. “We will be very selective,” said Danielle Librizzi, an executive with the insurer.
RETAIL HIKES
Target and Home Depot declined to comment on whether insurers had hiked rates or reduced coverage after massive breaches that exposed tens of millions of credit cards.
Target said in a filing that it expects insurance to cover just $90 million of the $264 million of costs related to its 2013 attack. Home Depot said it expects $100 million in payments toward $232 million in expenses from its 2014 breach.
“A lot of the carriers have gotten burned. They are coming back with harsher and more challenging penalties,” said Bob Shaker, a manager at Symantec Corp's (SYMC.O) breach response team.
Insurance buyers may be able to get more than $100 million in coverage by using a syndicate of insurers organized by a broker. Even so, some have warned they may not have adequate cover.
In the wake of last year's attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment, parent Sony Corp (6758.T) said its financial condition could suffer if it were attacked again, since current policies “might not cover all expenses and losses.”
Sony spokesman Mack Araki said the company expects to recover “a significant portion” of the film studio attack's costs from insurers. He declined to elaborate or say if insurers had raised pricing or reduced the limits on its cyber coverage.
OFFERING ADVICE
Retailers shopping for cyber insurance are coming under pressure to secure their payment systems, just as homeowners are encouraged to install locks on doors and windows.
Insurers are promoting newer technologies for securing payment card transactions that exceed credit card companies' requirements, such as tokenization and end-to-end encryption, said Ben Beeson, a partner with broker Lockton Companies.
A lock icon, signifying an encrypted Internet connection, is seen on an Internet Explorer browser in a photo illustration in Paris April 15, 2014. REUTERS/Mal Langsdon
“Retailers that don't do that today are going to struggle to get insurance,” Beeson said.
But the stringent conditions on coverage could lead to the next chapter of the cyber drama: courtroom battles.
“The restrictions and terms that we are seeing in the underwriting process now will become the claim disputes we see in two or three years,” said Lynda Bennett, partner with Lowenstein Sandler. “We definitely expect more litigation.”
Now that the initial euphoria of ‘higher than the Himalayas and deeper than the deepest sea' is over, the $45bn China-Pakistan Economic Corridor is beginning to hit the ground realities.
As is expected of such a major initiative, some teething problems are coming to light, requiring a lot of legal and procedural clarifications and adjustments. Most of these seem to be exposing the general lack of preparedness and casual handling of projects that has be­come the hallmark of our bureaucratic culture.
Also read: CPEC to benefit entire region, say analysts
This has resulted in repeated project delays, cost overruns and unquantifiable lost economic opportunities. Cost rationalisation, according to Planning Minister Ahsan Iqbal, had alone created a Rs490bn cushion in the last fiscal year.
Pakistan has been struggling to convince Chinese authorities to accept around a 10pc cost overrun for the $1.5bn Lahore Orange Line Metro Train even though the project has yet to take off
While dealing with external players, such lethargy and poor project handling can have exponential costs. Pakistan has been paying substantial commitment charges without utilising loans from development lenders every year and this has to be taken care of on an urgent basis.
Following the 6,600MW Gadani Power Park debacle arising out of a half-baked plan, the two sides seem to have learnt the lesson to take up ‘early harvest' projects that are ready to take off immediately and could be expected to deliver results before the PML-N goes into the next polls with a success story on having reduced the power shortfall.
Focal persons are now being appointed in all the ministries and agencies concerned with the CPEC to expeditiously process any hitches and glitches.
Meanwhile, a mega coal-based project previously being pushed for Sahiwal is reported to have faced financing problems because of the infrastructure requi­red for transporting coal. It has now been replaced, at least on paper, with two sma­ller coal power projects at Thar and Hub to compensate for Sahiwal's lost capacity.
Pakistan has recently been struggling to convince Chinese authorities to acc­ept around a 10pc cost overrun for the $1.5bn Lahore Orange Line Metro Train even though the project has yet to take off.
The Chinese Exim Bank was insisting on a loan agreement of $1.48bn to be signed with the Punjab government as originally discussed, but Pakistani authorities want this to be increased by another $147m to meet contingencies that arise during the project's implementation.
The local authorities have to be blamed for originally negotiating the project for $1.48bn with the Chinese before getting the cost escalated to $1.63bn through the Executive Committee of the National Council. Unless an arrangement for the ‘additional requirement' is made, the project cannot achieve financial close. The financing cost of the 27km Rs165.2bn project is also reported to be on the higher side despite it being in the ‘concessional category'.
On top of these, the Chinese have sought tax exemptions on insurance and financing on almost all CPEC projects.
At the heart of the problem is the IMF's condition under which the government has withdrawn the powers of the taxation authorities to grant exemptions through statutory regulatory orders.
At present, no tax exemption is permissible on insurance premiums paid to non-resident companies because only a low rate of 5pc is applicable, while all CPEC projects are mostly covered by the state-owned Chinese firm Sinosure. The Chinese authorities want the insurance premiums paid to Sinosure to be exempted from the income tax.
The tax authorities have, however, made arrangements with focal persons for a speedy processing of issues related to customs and other taxes to avoid problems at the field formations to facilitate Chinese contractors.
The Chinese contractors are also seeking input tax adjustments to process Thar coal, though initially only for the Engro coal project. Under existing law, input-tax adjustment is not permissible for local coal and an exemption could only be secured through a special decision of the Economic Coordination Committee (ECC) of the cabinet, subject to a subsequent act of parliament.
To certify power-plant machinery and equipment beyond 25MW, the tax authorities require the Engineering Development Board to issue capacity certificates despite the fact that the EDB has clearly stated that it is not a certification agency and it cannot oblige.
The CPEC-related companies are also seeking tax exemptions on the dividend income of their shareholders even though this facility is not available under the existing law for coal mining and coal-based power projects.
Another relief being sought by the Chinese is the exemption from sales tax on vehicles imported for use on project sites. These vehicles are exempt from customs duty but not from sales tax under the existing law. All of these issues may have to be initially decided by the ECC on the premise of ‘emergency situation or prior foreign commitment,' and then subsequently confirmed by parliament through the finance bill or a separate act.
The issue of income tax on interest payments to the Industrial and Comm­ercial Bank of China appears to have been resolved for coal-based energy projects, provided the two governments are able to sign a third protocol under a treaty for the avoidance of double taxation.
The tax authorities in Islamabad and Beijing are reported to be in the final phase of talks on this protocol to facilitate the CPEC projects. The prime minister has reportedly given a go ahead.
Meanwhile, the power sector authorities are also pushing for speedy notifications to give legal cover to the fiscal incentives announced for the transmission projects.
Published in Dawn, Business & Finance weekly, October 26th , 2015
On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play
1. Joan Didion's Play It As It Lays: The Mountain Goats
Numerous bands and singer-songwriters throughout the years have made concept albums based entirely around a certain book, from Jeff Wayne's Musical Version Of The War Of The Worlds (a retelling of H.G. Wells' The War Of The Worlds) to Locrian's The Crystal World (inspired by J.G. Ballard's The Crystal World) to Grimes' Geidi Primes (about Frank Herbert's Dune). That said, more artists should do it. As formats, the novel and the full-length album have much in common when it comes to scope, and of course, musicians are often happy to talk about their literary influences (if not reference them in song). John Darnielle of The Mountain Goats is one of them. Not only does the indie troubadour have a debut novel of his own, Wolf In White Van, on the shelves now, he once stated in an interview that one of his favorite novels is Joan Didion's 1970 masterpiece Play It As It Lays. Darnielle should be held to that confession: A Mountain Goats album that turns Didion's stark portrait of Hollywood despair into, well, stark and despairing songs could be a beautiful thing. [JH]
2. John Irving's The Hotel New Hampshire: The National
There's a ton of complex joy and darkness in John Irving's 1981 novel The Hotel New Hampshire for the members of The National to sink their teeth into. There's rape, incest, suicide, revenge, a trained bear, fame, sadness, communists, and Vienna—all things that would make perfect sense delivered in the band's pitch-black murmur. Just imagine Matt Berninger singing lyrics about unrequited love, a dog named Sorrow, and a suicide note from a dwarf that reads, “Sorry. Just not big enough.” And just when it looks like life is only a hell to be lived through, happiness will briefly poke its head out. [JM]
3. Vladimir Nabokov's Pale Fire: The Magnetic Fields
Stephin Merritt's songwriting, melding as it does irony and romanticism into achingly lovely songs that contain their own levels of annotation, strikes me as the perfect instrument to create a musical adaptation of Vladimir Nabokov's prankishly postmodern Pale Fire. Split in half between a grieving writer's poetic rumination on his daughter's suicide and the increasingly convoluted gloss of a scholar who thinks the poem is really about his fictional homeland's ludicrous history, the story would offer Merritt ample opportunity to exercise both sides of his talents simultaneously. Eccentric heartbreak guaranteed. [DP]
Advertisement
4. Raymond Chandler's The Long Goodbye: Tom Waits
Tom Waits has always worn his literary influences on his whiskey-soaked sleeve, with the usual suspects including Kerouac, Bukowski, and Burroughs. You can add Raymond Chandler to the list, particularly during Waits' '70s Skid Row troubadour phase. The most personal of Chandler's detective novels, The Long Goodbye finds Philip Marlowe at his loneliest and most disillusioned as he bumps up against the rich and powerful of Los Angeles. It's a milieu perfectly suited to a Waits album loaded with boozy piano ballads evoking Chandler's city of fallen angels as well as adventurous Tin Pan Alley-via-Captain Beefheart experiments (think Franks Wild Years) chronicling Marlowe's personal journey into darkness. [SVD]
5. Douglas Adams' The Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy: Jonathan Coulton
Douglas Adams' Hitchhiker's Guide is a science fiction/humor classic with a tinge of melancholy and loneliness; its hapless protagonist has been set loose in a gigantic, nonsensical universe where no one really cares what he thinks or feels. The protagonists of Jonathan Coulton's many story-songs should relate: They're equally dazzled by the world around them, and baffled and hurt at its apathy about the secret longings in their hearts. It seems like a natural team-up, given Coulton's status as the king of singer-songwriter nerd-rock and science-fiction humor in musical form. He and Adams even have a similar love of complicated wordplay, and different but still simpatico senses of wry, absurd, straight-faced humor. The song exploring the many ways in which it's clear that 42 is the meaning of life would probably be especially dense and hilarious. [TR]
Advertisement
6. Ron Currie Jr.'s Everything Matters!: Death From Above 1979
Junior Thibodeau, the young protagonist of Ron Currie Jr.'s 2009 novel, Everything Matters!, has a lot on his mind. Thibodeau is born with intimate, detailed knowledge of the looming apocalypse, which inexorably approaches the Earth in the form of a giant, planet-killing comet. Death From Above 1979 feels like the obvious choice to adapt Currie's novel—tales of love and loss, depression, friendship, and baseball-hitting savants told in short, thrashy bursts. The band recently got back together after a long hiatus and released a new record this month—an album and a future that was never supposed to happen, if the band's statements around the time of their breakup are to be believed. But if Currie's novel teaches us anything, it's that the future is fluid, even when it's written in stone. [DT]
7. Madeleine L'Engle's A Wrinkle In Time Quintet: Sufjan Stevens
Sufjan Stevens is no stranger to concept albums: His finest work, 2005's Illinois, was the result of a since-abandoned (and never sincerely intended) attempt to make an album for each of the U.S.'s 50 states. More than his embrace of gimmickry, though, it's Stevens' ability at evoking melancholy, and the gentle Christian themes that underlay his music, that make him the the perfect man to create an album based on Madeleine L'Engle's classic A Wrinkle In Time and its sequels. The warm, gentle sadness of “Casimir Pulaski Day” or “The Predatory Wasp Of The Palisades Is Out To Get Us!” would fit in perfectly with the beautiful melancholy L'Engle used to ground her often-cosmic stories of teens and children battling against ultimate evil. Those conflicts are invariably resolved, not through force of arms, but through empathy and understanding—outgrowths of L'Engle's quietly-held religious beliefs, beautifully mirrored by Illinois songs like “John Wayne Gacy, Jr.” or “Decatur, Or, Round Of Applause For Your Stepmother!” where the singer-songwriter pushes himself to identify with—and maybe even love—villains both personal and public. Plus, in this scenario we get to see Stevens' propensity for run-on song titles be applied to L'Engle concepts, with songs like “Charles Wallace, In Transit Via A Unicorn With A Propensity For Snark,” and “A Star Explodes, But The Fight Continues, Or, A Trip To The Horse Farm With Mrs. Whatsit.” [WH]
Advertisement
8. Miguel De Cervantes' Don Quixote: Elvis Costello
These days, Don Quixote is a symbol for all that is doomed and noble; a figure of tragic idealism, forever trapped in a cynical, brutal world. While this is a reasonable approximation, Cervantes novel paints a darker, more bitter portrait. The original version of the Knight Of The Woeful Countenance is a complex figure, a violent, senile old man whose aspirations to chivalric glory lead him to abuse others and himself in pursuit of an absurd fantasy. Which would make him (and the novel that tells his story) a perfect subject for Elvis Costello's biting, witty lyricism (and The Attractions' bright, pissed off sound). A concept album mixing the sarcastic fury of Armed Forces with the experimental broadness of Imperial Bedroom might serve as a fitting tribute to one of the cruelest, most heartbreaking, and greatest novels ever written. [ZH]
9. Kurt Vonnegut's Welcome To The Monkey House: St. Vincent
St. Vincent's recent self-titled output, with its futuristic fuzz, is already reminiscent of Kurt Vonnegut's futuristic subject matter in Welcome To The Monkey House. Her move toward a more jagged and dangerous sound embodies the dystopian world of “Harrison Bergeron,” to a T, making a Vincent/Vonnegut pairing harmonious if not downright destined. Past lyrics (“Oh what an ordinary day / Take out the garbage, masturbate”) also prove St. Vincent wouldn't shy away from Vonnegut's honest commentary on the human condition. And it would be rad to see St. Vincent's take on “All The King's Horses” in a music video. [BJ]
Advertisement
10. Téa Obreht's The Tiger's Wife: The Decemberists
The Decemberists have recorded many a story-song, and already have two concept albums based on literature: the 2004 EP The Tain, based on Irish epic Táin Bó Cúailnge, and the 2006 album The Crane Wife, inspired by a Japanese folk tale of the same name. So Colin Meloy's band is well-qualified to retell Téa Obreht's novel about stories and myths, The Tiger's Wife. The book tells the story of a young doctor who travels to a fictional war-torn country as a relief worker, only to discover the superstitious locals are less interested in medicine than they are digging up a cemetery for mysterious purposes. While there, the doctor takes a side trip to learn the truth about the death of her grandfather, while recounting two stories he told her—one about a man who claimed to be immortal, and one about a deaf-mute girl who has a strange relationship with an escaped tiger. The stories within stories, and fact blurring into myth, have the potential for a fascinating song cycle, and the novel's mixture of heartbreak and whimsy is directly in The Decemberists' wheelhouse. [MV]
11. George R.R. Martin's A Song Of Ice And Fire: Wu-Tang Clan
The greatest media franchise of our generation is a sprawling, decades-in-the-making tale of swords and sorcery. It's filled with politics, betrayal, and more larger-than-life characters you can keep track of. We're speaking, of course, about the Wu-Tang Clan's discography, a sprawling epic of dozens of albums. These multiple masters of complicated continuity and violent storytelling would be perfect for recreating George R.R. Martin's epic fantasy novels of A Song Of Ice And Fire, with each Wu-Tang member taking the role of a different point-of-view character. Just imagine the ever-intertwined Ghostface Killah and Raekwon as the bickering Stark sisters, Arya and Sansa, or the GZA's cold, logical tones narrating the shift from political pawn to violent crusader of Daenerys Targaryen. Ol' Dirty Bastard (RIP) would play the part of Ned Stark (RIP) for evident reasons. And when the time came to add more characters, Wu-Tang's got it covered. Method Man could hold his own on The Wall as Jon Snow, but who would complain about Redman joining him as Samwell Tarly? Ignore those other half-attempts at Game Of Thrones rap: A Wu Of Ice And Fire couldn't possibly fail. [RK]
THE First Minister has revealed she is not convinced by new legislation to allow assisted suicide.
Nicola Sturgeon gave her view on the Assisted Suicide Bill, currently being considered at Holyrood, during an interview with the Scottish Catholic Observer.
The Bill, which is being taken forward by Green MSP Patrick Harvie, would allow those with terminal or life-shortening illnesses to obtain help in ending their suffering.
It is the second attempt to legislate for assisted suicide at Holyrood, after the first was defeated by MSPs in a free vote in 2010.
Ms Sturgeon, who was interviewed for the newspaper on February 24, said: “I voted against it the last time and, although we are not near another vote yet, I haven't been convinced about assisted suicide this time.
“I believe we should support people to live and I am therefore in favour of good quality palliative care.
“There also remains a major stumbling block to assisted suicide: How could you have sufficient safeguards?”
Her comments were welcomed by those opposing the new laws.
Dr Gordon Macdonald, spokesman for Care Not Killing (CNK), said: “This is a very welcome declaration from Scotland's First Minister.
“As MSPs examine these proposals more closely, increasing numbers are coming to the conclusion that they are unworkable and ill conceived.”
Holyrood's Health Committee has concluded its evidence-gathering on the Bill at stage one, and is expected to produce its report in due course.
The Meanings of Green
The Green Man and Vegetation
Green is no longer just a color. It's now the symbol of ecology and a verb.
Since the beginning of time, green has signified growth, rebirth, and fertility. In pagan times, there was the "Green Man" - a symbol of fertility. In Muslim countries, it is a holy color and in Ireland, a lucky color. It was the color of the heavens in the Ming Dynasty.
Today's greens can be found in a wide range of objects: pea soup, delicate celadon glazes, sleazy shag carpet, sickly bathroom walls, emeralds, wasabi, and sage. The English language reflects some strange attributes: Would you rather be green with envy, green behind the ears, or green around the gills? (Idiomatic American English for extremely envious, immature or nauseated.)
Global Meanings of Green
Green is universally associated with nature.
Green symbolizes ecology and the environment.
Traffic lights are green all over the world.
Unique Meanings of Green in Different Cultures
In China, Green may symbolize infidelity. A green hat symbolizes that a man's wife is cheating on him.
In Israel, green may symbolize bad news.
In Japan, the words for blue and green ("ao") are the same.
In Spain, racy jokes are "green."
Luck or Bad Luck?
Green is a lucky culture in most Western cultures. A green shamrock symbolizes this.
You won't find many green cars at racetracks because they are considered unlucky.
Circus and traveling showmen in Australia may consider green to be bad luck.
An old English rhyme about wedding colors: "Married in green, Ashamed to be seen."
Learn the language of color in this e-course
Designing with Green
There are more shades of green than that of any other color. Greens range from yellow-greens, such as lime and avocado greens, to those with a blue tinge (such as emerald). Aqua or turquoise are colors that are typically half green and half blue.
How Green Affects Vision
Color Blindness
Approximately 5% - 8% of men and 0.5% of women of the world are born colorblind. People who are protans (red weak) and deutans (green weak) comprise 99% of this group.
Some European countries have outlined certain traffic light colors so that it is clear which is green and which is red, by the color that has a rectangle around it. Some states in the U.S. have placed diagonal lines through green traffic lights as an aid for the colorblind.
Signage: Green vs. Red Exit Signs
Green exit signs have an important advantage when there is smoke in the air (in other words, when a fire is burning). With red exit signs, it looks like a fire - firemen have actually rushed into burning buildings and tried to put out the signs! With a green sign, people know it isn't the fire itself but the way to safety.
Not only should Exit signs be Green to correspond to the established International Standard for Safety Signs since the early 70's but they should also have the International Standard Graphical symbol for exit as given in ISO 6309 and ISO/DIS 3864 Part 1 and Part 2. It is time to consider that all exit signs should be the same throughout the world. Time to wake up the USA and join the International Community. (www.means-of-escape.com)
Myths about the Effects of Green on the Body When one sleeps on a pea-green pillow, it prevents baldness.
Green is the best color for pregnant women.
Tidbits – Points to Ponder Feng Shui claims that green eases absent-mindedness, nervousness and rudeness. More about green at Color Matters! More about green at Color Matters!
Why would a bride wear green? What about green M&Ms?
See Color & Culture Matters
Also ....
Explore the meanings of more colors!
Online learning from the author of Color Matters
Find the best guides to color symbolism. E-books from Color Matters
RUGBY, N.D. – An Amtrak train carrying 111 passengers got stuck in a 25-foot-high by 200-foot-long snowbank Wednesday and was finally freed 13 hours later, reports CBS Fargo, North Dakota affiliate KXJB-TV.
The station says Amtrak's Empire Builder was initially delayed in Minot, North Dakota Tuesday night but left early Wednesday morning.Then it got stuck about five miles west of Rugby, in north-central North Dakota.
The Grand Forks Herald reports crews failed three times to dislodge the train before finally succeeding at about 6:45 p.m. The train got moving an hour later after crews checked for damage, the newspaper adds.
A passenger told KXJB nearly 50 BNSF Railway workers had to use bulldozers and shovel by hand to dig the train out.
The Herald says BNSF crews had first used snowplows, then skid-steers. Next came two freight train engines to attempt to pull the train free from behind. Two more locomotives also didn't do the trick.
A passenger told the Herald the train had power and the cafe and lounge were open so food was available, but many passengers spent the time sleeping.
However, KXJB reports power had to be shut off for the last two hours for the workers' safety.
In a statement, Amtrak said, “We appreciate the offers of assistance from emergency responders in North Dakota, but our customers (111 eastbound and 96 westbound) stayed aboard the train and were kept comfortable by our Amtrak staff.”
The Herald explains that the blockage of the single track “also held up a westbound Amtrak train also called the Empire Builder, with 96 passengers, at Leeds, about 35 miles to the east. That train left Leeds after a delay of about 14 hours and headed west.”
Rating: 0
Breaking down the barriers (whether wrongly or rightly perceived) to enjoying classical music was one of the aims of the first Bristol Proms. And, sometimes in rather unexpected ways, it proved to be a thread that ran through the final three concerts of the series.
In an unadvertised prelude to the Sacconi Quartet and Guy Johnston's performance of Schubert's String Quintet, Bristol Old Vic director Tom Morris joined the musicians on stage to embark on a ‘listening improvisation'. Perhaps taking a cue from Derren Brown or a stage hypnotist, Morris invited us to close our eyes and imagine a time in our life when we were on the threshold of change. Based on our facial expressions and verbal responses, the musicians tested out musical ideas to then use in a short improvisation. On hearing the results, I think I can reasonably say it's not how Schubert went about creating his String Quintet masterpiece.
The 1828 chamber work filled the second half of the concert, with cameras filming the facial expressions of the audience – some of whom were on stage with the musicians, with two people even sitting in the middle of the group. It'll all be made into a film. I've no idea what we looked like listening to Schubert, but if it's anything like the fascinating 'listening portraits' seen in John Bridcut's Elgar documentary The Man Behind the Mask it might well be worth a watch. All sorts of thoughts (inspired and otherwise) came to mind – Can it really be that comfortable for the audience sitting on the floor of the stage? It's hard to beat Schubert for a sublime melody that goes straight to the heart; Don't the musicians look exhausted now, and so on – but I imagine feelings are what register on our faces rather than thoughts. And there are plenty of those to be evoked by this work. The Sacconis and guest cellist Guy Johnston gave an utterly committed, gutsy performance, though perhaps the sense of battle (with the dry acoustic?) was more Beethovenian than Schubertian. But there was tenderness and poignancy too, and it touched on the profundity of this ineffable music. It wasn't hard to mistake the audience's reaction from the lengthy applause at the end.
The audience involvement in Friday's concert, titled ‘Vibrations', wasn't planned. Nicola Benedetti and her trio – cellist Leonard Elschenbroich and pianist Alexei Grynyuk – were most of the way through a heart-on-sleeve performance of Tchaikovksy's Piano Trio in A minor when Elschenbroich's A string snapped. Nipping off stage to change it, he left Benedetti to entertain the audience, chatting to us about the music and answering questions from the Prommers in the pit about her violin (a 1717 Stradivarius). She soon headed off stage with the pianist to find out what was happening with the cello, leaving the page-turner in the spotlight. As the audience chuckled, he shimmied over to the piano and began a witty rendition of the first movement of Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata. Would it happen at the Wigmore? The lighthearted and chatty atmosphere was working its magic.
The digital twist for this concert was ‘danceroom Spectroscopy', a means of translating the movement of the musicians into ‘an atomic simulation'. A large screen at the back of the stage danced with images, from monochrome tadpole-like figures in Benedetti's solo Bach to blood-red spots at the end of the Tchaikovsky. Even after an explanation from its engaging creator Dr David Glowacki, it was hard to know what we were looking at, but they were distracting and mesmerising too. After a slightly skittish, rushed feel in her Bach D minor Chaconne, Benedetti seemed spurred on by the flashier fireworks of Paganini's Caprices No. 16 and No. 24, and reached a more settled place for the solo Ysaÿe Sonata No. 5. And, in the second half, the Tchaikovsky Trio in A minor, Benedetti seemed most at home. Her trio makes a rich, warm sound, with arresting playing from Grynyuk and Elschenbroich that relished both the intensity and delicacy of the music. Perhaps more obvious communication between the string players and pianist might have lifted it to another level.
A ‘semi-staged' or, as Morris explained, ‘stage-managed' version of Handel's Messiah was the culmination of the Bristol Proms, the first time the work had been performed at the Bristol Old Vic since 1782. Performed with cuts, Morris asked the audience to ‘pretend they had nodded off' if they had been hoping to hear a complete performance. Musically it was a mixed bag: while the Southbank Sinfonia seemed scrappy, even more so than the orchestra being divided across the stage should warrant, the year-old Erebus Ensemble's fulsome and fresh voices brought polished fervor to Handel. Of the soloists, bass Neal Davies stole the stage, particularly thrilling in his aria 'The Trumpet Shall Sound', making tenor Andrew Tortise and soprano Caroline MacPhie seem rather pale in comparison, and alto Catherine Wyn-Rogers rather too bold in her acting at times, for instance in her air 'He is despised'.
Prepared, after Morris's comments, for a work-in-progress feel to the staging and perhaps mishaps, the theatrical element was a welcome surprise. An actor, Tristan Sturrock, playing Christ, but described as 'The Teacher' in the programme, was present on stage from the start: we saw him dead, alive, washing feet, whipped, crucified, all brought off with a dramatic lightness of touch that nevertheless never underplayed the shocking nature of the story. The musicians essentially acting their roles, and singing from memory, seemed to add a level of directness to the story, reminding me of Peter Sellars's intensely moving ‘ritualisation' of Bach's St Matthew Passion with the Berlin Philharmonic. Perhaps this indeed was a work-in-progress: it would be interesting to see what Morris would do with the Berlin band. And the theatre was used to full effect, the choir standing right at the front of the stage to sing the Hallelujah Chorus, for instance, while boy soprano Toby Yapp made his entrance in the middle of the theatre and was carried through the pit to the stage.
The pit was the scene for one of the concert's stranger moments. An enthusiastic audience member took Morris's rules to heart, and was clearly enjoying the Hallelujah Chorus – arms in the air, clapping and whooping. People seemed to be smiling at him until he was escorted out, not by members of staff, but by two other Prommers in the pit, begging the question, who is it that enforces the so-called conventions of classical concerts? The venues or the concert-goers? It'll be interesting to see how this thought-provoking and ultimately hugely enjoyable festival answers that question next year.
Natrona County “Republican Darling” Kenyne Schlager has reached the end of her term as the Casper Mayor. What this really means is, Schlager is returning to her seat on the city council — where she will continue to crush the Second Amendment.
Paul Meyer new Mayor of Casper (has historically voted for gun control)
And she will do this while hiding behind an elite status in the Republican Party…
Schlager successfully passed a ban on lawfully armed citizens in the Casper city hall.
She also led the fight to install a “key-stroke gun registration system” — using a national registry — that was developed using Federal Homeland Security grants.
But, what I am about to reveal to you now about Casper's Mayor, is something you will not hear anywhere else.
*** Kenyne Schlager is a ‘hands on' activist for a “socialist – anti-gun” lobby group. In fact Schlager was chosen to work on the National League of Cities gun control policy team.
Just how anti-gun is the NLC?
Take a look at the demands of the NLC gun control resolution here — 2013 Public Safety & Crime Prevention Policy and Resolution:
*** Require registration of all hand guns ***
*** Ban on Black Rifles ***
*** 30-day waiting period ***
*** Sales and transfers only by gun dealers ***
*** Closing the so-called gun show loophole ***
*** Limit magazines capacity to 10 rounds ***
Is Facebook Down? Yes It Was For Some But Anonymous Not Responsible For Two-Hour Outage
“Let me tell you the difference between Facebook and everyone else, we don't crash EVER!” – ‘Mark Zuckerberg', The Social Network. Not quite. Facebook has been offline or slow to load for some users around the world for over two hours. Reports started flooding in to Twitter at roughly 4:26pm PST on 5/31/2012 with many users quipping that “Facebook is down. Just like its stock price.”
Despite some who lost service regaining it temporarily, two hours in DownForEveryoneOrJustMe confirms the outage continued for portions of Facebook's 900 million users, though others had no trouble logging on.
Update 10:05 am PST 6/1/2012: Facebook refused to cite a cause, but a spokesman tells me “I can confirm that yesterday's issues were not the result of a denial-of-service attack”. We've also learned the outage was not due to an external cause, and sources familiar with the hacker group confirm that Anonymous was not responsible for the outage.
Similar to Facebook's IPO, which was largely chronicled with tweets rather than the social network itself, Facebook users are turning to Twitter to vent their frustration with the downtime. The site so rarely encounters loading problems that the outage has come as quite a shock to some, whereas Twitter's short but frequent hiccups have come to be expected. Today's outage could be done to a coordinated hacking attempt, or just some Facebook-caused technical glitch
Facebook goes down, U.S. workforce productivity suddenly spikes for the first time since 2004. — Calvin Fleming (@calvinfleming) June 1, 2012
80 minutes after the outage began we heard reports that users in the United States, Brazil and Tunisia and likely other locations lost service, but the site seemed to be coming back to life for others, including me. 95 minutes after the site started to sputter it looks like most of those users who lost service have now regained it, though there are still reports of outages.
But then 2 hours into the disruption it looks like things weren't fixed as some users in the US and around the world were still experiencing outages, including those who regained service around 6:00pm. By 8pm, 3.5 hours after the outages began, Facebook appeared to be stable.
Facebook pushes thousands of code changes a week, and this constant iteration is one of the site's biggest strengths. It's possible some code change yesterday was responsible for a site's performance issues.
Despite the jokes, Facebook was actually up $1.41 / 5 points today to close at $29.60, but is still 22% below its IPO price. We'll have to see how the outage impacts its share price in the morning.
[Update 8am PST 6/1: The outage may have hurt Facebook's share price, as it's down $1.76 / 5.95% to $27.94 today. Facebook tells me “Earlier today, some users briefly experienced issues loading the site. The issues have since been resolved and everyone should now have access to Facebook. We apologize for any inconvenience.”
While Anonymous did not clearly claim responsibility, in a tweet it used the term “tango down”, a CIA expression indicating an important target had been killed. It's previously used the term to gloat about successful Anonymous attacks. However, sources familiar with the group tell us Anonymous wasn't the source of the outage, and a Facebook spokesman says “I can confirm that yesterday's issues were not the result of a denial-of-service attack.”]
[Update 10:05am PST 6/1: We've now discovered that the outage was not caused by anything external.]
Oh yeah… RIP Facebook a new sound of tango down bitches. — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) June 1, 2012
As Jesse Eisenberg fumed during his fictional portrayal of ‘Mark Zuckerberg' in Aaron Sorkin's dramatized history of Facebook, ‘The Social Network':
“If those servers are down for even a day, our entire reputation is irreversibly destroyed! Users are fickle, Friendster has proved that. Even a few people leaving would reverberate through the entire userbase. The users are interconnected, that is the whole point. College kids are online because their friends are online, and if one domino goes, the other dominos go, don't you get that? I am not going back to the Caribbean Night at AEPi!”
Honestly, Facebook has been remarkably reliable over the last few years, even as its user base swells. But hopefully the site's engineering team doesn't mine sipping on a Caribbean piña colada while they sort things out.
[Image Credit: TwitterWhale]
