Star Trek is a text-based strategy video game based on the Star Trek television series and originally developed by Mike Mayfield in 1971. In the game, the player commands the USS Enterprise on a mission to hunt down and destroy an invading fleet of Klingon warships. The player travels through the 64 quadrants of the galaxy to attack enemy ships with phasers and photon torpedoes in turn-based battles and refuel at starbases in order to eliminate all enemies before running out of time.
Mayfield originally wrote the game in the BASIC programming language at the end of high school for a SDS Sigma 7 mainframe computer with the goal of creating a game like Spacewar! (1962) that could be played with a teleprinter instead of a graphical display. He then rewrote it for the HP 2000C minicomputer in 1972, and it was included in Hewlett-Packard's public domain software catalog the following year. It was picked up from there by David H. Ahl, who ported it with Mary Cole to BASIC-PLUS and published the source code first in the Digital Equipment Corporation Edu newsletter and then along with other early mainframe games and computer games in his best-selling 101 BASIC Computer Games book. Bob Leedom then expanded the game in 1974 into Super Star Trek, which was later printed by Ahl in BASIC Computer Games, the first million-selling computer book.
Star Trek, especially the Super Star Trek version, was immensely popular for the era. This, along with the availability of the source code, led to numerous ports of both versions of the game for mainframe and microcomputers. Additionally, dozens of variants and expansions were made for a variety of systems. Ahl claimed in 1978 that it was difficult to find a computer installation that did not contain a version of Star Trek, and by 1980, Star Trek was described by The Dragon magazine as "one of the most popular (if not the most popular) computer games around", with "literally scores of different versions of this game floating around".[1]
Gameplay [ edit ]
Star Trek running in a Enterprise, represented by the "-E-", is alone in a quadrant with four stars. A version ofrunning in a Linux command terminal. The, represented by the "-E-", is alone in a quadrant with four stars.
Star Trek is a text-based strategy video game based on the Star Trek television series in which the player, controlling the USS Enterprise starship, flies through the galaxy and hunts down Klingon warships within a time limit. The game starts with a short text description of the mission before allowing the player to enter commands. Each game starts with a different number of Klingons, friendly starbases, and stars spread throughout the galaxy. The galaxy is depicted as an 8-by-8 grid of "quadrants". Each quadrant is further divided into an 8-by-8 grid of "sectors". The number of stars, Klingons, and starbases in any one quadrant is set at the start of the game, but their exact position changes each time the player enters that quadrant.[2][3]
The player can view a text-based map of the current quadrant by issuing the short-range scan command. Stars, Klingon ships, starbases, and the Enterprise itself are shown as text-based figures in a square grid; the Enterprise, for example, is represented with -E- . The player can also use the long-range scan to print out a map of the quadrants lying directly around the Enterprise, with a list of the number of stars, Klingons, and starbases in each quadrant. The player moves between and within quadrants with the warp drive.[2][3]
Klingon ships can be attacked with either phasers or photon torpedoes. Phasers do not have to be aimed, but their power and therefore damage amount falls off with distance, and the player must select how much power to put into each shot. Torpedoes do not suffer this drop in power and will destroy a Klingon ship with a single hit, but have to be aimed using polar coordinates.[2][3] Later versions of the game expanded on this combat system by adding features such as Klingon ships moving after each shot if not destroyed, enemy attacks damaging systems such as scanners or shields, stars absorbing torpedoes that hit them, and a calculator to help in determining the proper angle to fire the torpedoes.[4][3] Combat is turn-based, and Klingon ships will fire back at the player in their turn.[3]
Movement, combat, and shields all drain the energy supply of the Enterprise, which can be restored by flying to a starbase.[3] In some versions of the game, there are additional options for emergency situations, such as calling for help from a starbase, using the experimental Death Ray, loading raw dilithium crystals into the warp drive, or abandoning ship. Movement commands take up time depending on how far the player is moving.[4] The game ends when the Enterprise is destroyed, all Klingons are destroyed, or the time limit runs out. A score in the form of a ranking is presented at the end of the game based on energy usage, damage taken and inflicted, and any remaining time.[2][3]
Development [ edit ]
Star Trek [ edit ]
In 1971, Mike Mayfield, then a senior in high school, had an illicit account on an SDS Sigma 7 mainframe computer at the University of California, Irvine. The mainframe had on it a copy of Spacewar!, a multiplayer space combat video game developed in 1962 in the early history of video games, but it required a vector graphics display and Mayfield only had access to a non-graphical Teletype Model 33 ASR teleprinter. He decided to create a game in the vein of Spacewar! that could be played on a teleprinter and brainstormed several ideas with his friends. As none of the group had much experience with computers, most of the ideas were unfeasible, but one concept he liked and thought was possible was a game based on Star Trek, then in syndication on television. The concept included the game printing a map of the galaxy and a map of the local star system, and phaser weapons whose attack power declined over distance. Mayfield began to program the game, creating a punched tape of the game at the end of each programming session and loading it back into the computer the next day. He worked on the game through the rest of the school year and into the summer after graduating.[4]
Later that summer, Mayfield purchased an HP-35 calculator and often visited the local Hewlett-Packard sales office. The staff there offered to let him use the HP 2000C minicomputer at the office if he would create a version of his Star Trek game for it; as the version of the BASIC programming language on the computer was different from the Sigma 7, he elected to abandon the Sigma 7 version and rewrite the program from scratch. He completed it on October 20, 1972, and the game was added to the HP public domain Contributed Program library of software as STTR1 in February 1973, with Mayfield attributing the game to Centerline Engineering, a company he was considering starting.[2][4] It was also published in the People's Computer Company newsletter, and republished in their collection book, What to Do After You Hit Return (1975).[5]
David H. Ahl was an employee in the education department of Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC), and he also collected BASIC games and distributed them in the company's Edu newsletter. He and fellow employee Mary Cole ported STTR1 to DEC's BASIC-PLUS in the summer of 1973, with some additions, and he published this version in the newsletter. Ahl attributed the game to "Mike Mayfield of Centerline Engineering and/or Custom Data".[4] In late 1973, he released the book 101 BASIC Computer Games, containing descriptions and the source code for early mainframe games and computer games written in BASIC. 101 BASIC Computer Games was a landmark title in computer games programming, and was a best-selling title with more than 10,000 copies sold—more sales than computers in existence at the time. As such, the BASIC ports of mainframe computer games included in the book were often more long-lived than their original versions or other mainframe computer games.[6] He included Star Trek in the book as SPACWR, i.e. Space War.[3]
Super Star Trek [ edit ]
In early 1974 Bob Leedom saw Ahl's version of the game in 101 BASIC Computer Games while working with a Data General Nova 800 minicomputer at Westinghouse Electric Corporation and, having never seen a Star Trek game before, started porting it to the system. After he got the game running, he began to expand it with suggestions from his friends. He changed the user interface, replacing the original game's numeric codes with three-letter commands and adding status reports from show characters and names for the galaxy quadrants, and overhauled the gameplay, adding moving Klingon ships, navigation and fire control options, and an expanded library computer. Once it was completed, he wrote a letter to the People's Computer Company newsletter describing the game.[4]
Ahl, who by then had left DEC and was the editor of Creative Computing magazine, saw Leedom's description in the newsletter and contacted him to publish the game in his magazine. Ahl ported it to Microsoft BASIC and published the source code of the game as Super Star Trek to distinguish it from the original Star Trek game, calling it "by far the best" version. He later included it under that name in the 1976 anthology The Best of Creative Computing as well as the 1978 edition of 101 BASIC Computer Games, BASIC Computer Games. He added a note that he had permission from the rights holders to use the show's name in the title alongside a longer note written by Leedom explaining why the galaxy had 64 quadrants even though the term suggested there should only be four.[3][4][7] BASIC Computer Games was the first million-selling computer book, giving Leedom's version a much wider audience than Mayfield and Ahl's original versions.[6]
Reception and legacy [ edit ]
Star Trek, especially the Super Star Trek version, was immensely popular for the era. By 1975 it had spread to mainframes across the United States, and Ahl stated in 1978 in BASIC Computer Games that it was difficult to find a computer installation that did not contain a version of Star Trek.[7][8] By 1980, Star Trek was described by Mark Herro in The Dragon magazine as "one of the most popular (if not the most popular) computer games around", with "literally scores of different versions of this game floating around".[1] A 2013 overview of the game and its myriad versions in The Register by Tony Smith concluded that "like most games of the period it was fun to play once or twice, but it lacked staying power." Regardless, for the players of the time period when it was released, it was "a shiny new gateway to 'strange new worlds'".[2]
The widespread popularity of the game, especially Super Star Trek, along with the availability of the source code, led to numerous ports of both versions of the game for mainframe and microcomputers. Versions were created for a variety of BASIC versions for other mainframes, as well as the Commodore PET, IBM System/370, Colour Genie, and Altair 8800, among many others.[2][4][9] Alternate versions of the game were also produced, based on Star Trek, Super Star Trek, or both. David Matuszek and Paul Reynolds wrote an expanded Fortran version of the original game as UT Super Star Trek; Eric Allman ported this version to the C programming language to become BSD Trek, which is still included in the Debian classic Unix games package.[2][10] BYTE published a BASIC version by David Price in March 1977 that used the original command system based on numbers.[11] In 1983 BYTE columnist Jerry Pournelle claimed to have written "the world's most complex Star Trek game" in CBASIC.[12] A shareware version for MS-DOS, EGATrek, was release in the late 1980s that replaced the original text-based screens with basic graphics that implemented a multi-paned display.[13]
Multiple commercial versions of the game were released in addition to the free ports. Apple Inc. released a version for the Apple II+ called Apple Trek in 1979, and Atari, Inc. released a version for the Atari 2600 as Stellar Track in 1980. The TRS-80 had at least three separate commercially available Star Trek games, including Trek-80 by Processor Technology (later retitled Invasion Force) which added more interactivity and a number of new options incorporated from the unrelated Trek73, a second Trek-80 by Judges Guild, and Startrek 3.5 from Adventure International.[2][14][15] Acornsoft released a version titled Galaxy for their computer systems, and Tandy Computers released Space Trek for theirs.[2] Yet another version was written in BASICA for the IBM Personal Computer in 1982, Video Trek 88; written by Windmill Software, it used numbers for most commands, like the earlier BYTE version.[16] Apex Software released TI-Trek for the Texas Instruments TI-99/4A in 1983, which incorporates speech if the speech synthesizer is present.[17] 1984's Star Fleet I: The War Begins by Interstel was a variant released commercially for several computer systems. This game was successful enough to spawn a series.[18]
Numerous hobby projects have continued to port the original game versions and enhanced variants to other languages and systems through to today.[2] Additionally, some commercial games have been inspired by Star Trek, such as Star Raiders (1979), which was initially designed as a real time, 3D version of the game.[19][20] As late as 1994, the collective Star Trek variants were still popular enough that Computer Gaming World claimed that the otherwise unrelated Stellar Explorer's gameplay was directly based on it, and that "anyone who remembers the old Trek games[...] will know exactly what this game is all about".[21]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Americans are ready to hear the truth about UFOs and who and what may be out there in the vastness of the galaxy, says John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman."There are a lot of planets out there. The American people can handle the truth," Podesta told Jake Tapper on the"The U.S. government could do a much better job in answering the quite legitimate questions that people have about what's going on with unidentified aerial phenomena."In January, Clinton, the Democratic presidential front-runner, pledged to "get to the bottom" of rumors that the U.S. government has had contact with extraterrestrial beings.Part of the Clinton strategy is to demystify some of the work that's gone on at "Area 51," a restricted U.S. Air Force facility in southern Nevada.According to scuttlebutt, Area 51 is the center of the nation's research on UFOs and some alien beings have been kept there.Podesta, who has had a deep interest in Area 51 and whether aliens exist, told Tapper:"If she's elected president, when she gets into office, she'll ask for as many records as the United States federal government has to be declassified."Conspiracy-theory buffs believe the government has stayed mum for decades on what it knows about extra-terrestrial life, but Washington has always denied it.
In an interview with the Cleveland Plain Dealer, new Browns WR Shane Wynn, who was claimed off waivers from the Atlanta Falcons, told Mary Kay Cabot that "he's spent the entire offseason studying film of Browns offensive skill players." He'll join fellow "short" receivers in Andrew Hawkins and Taylor Gabriel, joking that they can become the "three mini-amigos." He also said that although he's never met Hawkins or Gabriel, he feels like he knows them quite well, all because of Kyle Shanahan having been the offensive coordinator of the Falcons.
"Shanahan is the offensive coordinator at Atlanta,'' Wynn told the Plain Dealer. "We just watched the film on the Browns. I've seen Hawkins and Gabriel and those two are remarkable players. I'm really stuck on Hawkins right now to be honest. He's pretty fast.''
The Browns have a new offensive coordinator this year in John DeFilippo, but it's believed that there will be similarities to what the club ran in 2014. Although he hasn't met his receiving peers, Wynn said that he's excited to become teammates with SS Donte Whitner, who he's become good friends with due to their affiliation to Glenville High School. Wynn said that he's also friends with CB Joe Haden, who watched him play in high school.
I do still find it interesting that Wynn appeared to have the opportunity to sign with the Browns after the draft, but chose the Falcons instead. I'm sure being cut for your first time is a humbling experience, and the "unreal feeling" is that his hometown club is the one that swooped in to give him another crack at the NFL.
Really not that long ago, Honda stood out from the crowd in much the same way as a giraffe stands out from a herd of ambling wildebeest. Hondas were different, odd, clever, exciting. And better.
In 1990 there was the NSX, a mid-engined two-seater that waded into battle with Lamborghini and Ferrari, sporting a small V6 engine. While it couldn't sting like a bee, it could dance the dance of even the most zippy butterfly. And the induction roar was a noise that stirred the soul.
Search for and buy a Honda CR-V on driving.co.uk
It's been said many times that Japanese cars have the character of a washing machine. And it's true. Japanese carmakers always designed their cars to keep everyone happy: retired postmasters in Swansea, east African taxi drivers, soccer moms in Houston . . . everyone.
But, as modern politicians know, if you try to keep everyone happy, you end up looking a bit boring. If you make a stand, stamp some character into the mix, you get a big funeral that shuts half of London. That's what the NSX did. It was the Boris Johnson of supercars. Only a bit lighter.
There was also the CRX, a small 1.5-litre coupé that served no purpose at all. The rear seat was a birdbath. It had the grunt of a mouse. And the comfort of an acacia tree. But because it was so unusual I bought one the moment it went on sale.
I always harboured a soft spot for the Prelude too. Most coupés at this time were based on normal saloons. The Capri was a Cortina with a comedy nose. The Scirocco was a Golf. The Calibra was a Cavalier, and so on. But the Prelude was a Prelude. Honda didn't try to save money by sharing parts. It made it to be as good as it could be, and then it clothed it in a very pretty body and gave it pop-up headlamps. That was the Honda way. Different. Better.
But, despite the unusualness, the company never lost sight of its origins. It started out making piston rings for Toyota and knew that quality was the beginning, the middle and the end of everything.
Honda knew that its own cars had to be just as reliable. And they were. The variable valve timing system is a complex blend of mechanical and electronic engineering. So you'd have to expect some failures. It would be only natural. But after the company had made 15m units, guess how many warranty claims there'd been. Nope. You're wrong. The correct answer is zero.
Hondas, then, were iPhones that didn't jam. They were style icons that worked. They were the embodiment of what Charles Babbage was on about — the unerring certainty of machinery. Or, to put it another way, Alfa Romeos that started.
Remember the Honda Civic Type R? What a machine that was. Or the Integra. Or the original Insight. Oh, and I've just remembered the S2000, which was a beefed-up Mazda MX-5. Slightly bigger, and slightly more butch to behold, this two-seater soft-top had an engine that screamed up to 9000rpm and would sit there all day. Every day.
It wasn't just cars either. There were motorcycles and generators and marine engines and lawnmowers and water pumps and mopeds that were so important to the world that they were immortalised in a Beach Boys song. There were leaf blowers and quad bikes and hydrogen fuel cells and Formula One powerplants that won the world constructors' championship six times on the trot.
All of these achievements were immortalised in one of the greatest television commercials of all time. Set to Andy Williams singing The Impossible Dream, it showed a balding man charging across New Zealand in a range of everything Honda had made over the years. You watched it and you wanted to have a go on every single thing.
But what Honda would you want to drive today? A Jazz? A Civic? An Accord? A hybrid? I suspect that, in the best traditions of multiple choice questions, the correct answer is E — none of the above.
The range of cars sold by Honda in Britain is about as dreary as a Victorian tea set. The reliability is still there, but the flair, the innovation, the genius? All gone. Honda's demise is like the Rolling Stones deciding to start recording hymns. Or the hotel chain Raffles deciding that Formule 1-style bathroom cubicles are quite good enough.
I've just spent a week in the Honda CR-V diesel EX, which is a big and quite expensive bucket of nothing at all. Honda tells us the latest model is rammed with significant improvements but then struggles a bit when they are listed. It has, for instance, daytime running lights. Just like every other car on the market.
It has a powered tailgate, which means you have to stand in the rain while electric motors take five seconds to do a job you could have done in one. It has a 12% reduction in CO2 emissions, which is irrelevant unless you are a bear. And the four-wheel-drive system is now electronic rather than hydraulic. Which is another way of saying “worse”.
Under the bonnet of my test car was a diesel engine. Honda was one of the last big car manufacturers to make such a thing, and it is nowhere near as good as the ones made by everyone else. It's noisy, rough and, compared with, say, BMW's effort, way down on power.
Inside the CR-V are no features you cannot find in cars that cost less and a few that are annoying. The sat nav screen is surrounded by buttons so small, you can't see what they all do. And there's another screen that tells you a raft of stuff you don't care about. Such as how many hours you've driven since you accidentally set the trip meter. It'd be more interesting to know when high water was due on the Solomon Islands.
The rear seats, apparently, are 38mm lower than in the previous model. I mention this simply because I'm running out of things to say. As the miles droned by, I began to wonder who on earth would spend more than £31,000 on the model I was driving. It has no more seats than a Vauxhall Astra, and if you really need part-time four-wheel drive and a tall boot, Ford, Hyundai, Kia and many others can sell you something similar and better for less.
I suspect the answer is caravanists. People who enjoy this type of holiday tend to be the sort who vote UKIP and therefore like the fact that the CR-V is made in Swindon by British people, not by a sausage jockey or a garlic-munching surrender dog.
They also like the promise of great reliability and the sense that four-wheel drive is on hand to help out should the site be on a bit of a slope. Plus, of course, the boot is capable of taking all the paraphernalia they need for a summer holiday in Britain: umbrellas, windbreaks, cagoules, wellies and so on.
I still don't get it, though. Buying a car because it suits your requirements for two weeks in the summer surely is like wearing ski boots all year round because you go to Verbier every February.
There is no reason for buying this type of car. And even if you can think of one, there is no reason for choosing the Honda. The Land Rover Freelander is much better. So's the Nissan X-Trail.
Honda needs to buck up its ideas. I realise that there will be a new version of the NSX, and I have high hopes for that. But it needs a bigger range of other stuff too. It needs to get different again. It needs to get better. Because until it does, there's no reason for you or me to get out our chequebook.
Verdict ★★☆☆☆
Perfect for towing Nigel Farage's caravan
Factfile
Honda CR-V 2.2 I-DTEC EX
Price: £31,555 Engine: 2199cc, 4 cylinders Power: 148bhp @ 4000rpm Torque: 258 lb ft @ 2000rpm Transmission: 6-speed manual Acceleration: 0-62mph: 9.7sec Top Speed: 118mph Fuel: 48.7mpg (combined) CO2: 154g/km Road Tax Band: G (£175 first year; £175 a year thereafter) Dimensions: L 4570mm W 1820mm H 1685mm
Search for and buy a Honda CR-V on driving.co.uk
Not to be left out of All Fool's Day on Friday, Library and Archives Canada in Gatineau, Quebec, shared a major acquisition of the "declassified" journals and military records of Canadian supersoldier James "Logan" Howlett, aka Wolverine. These illuminating findings include the official attestation paper, file photo of Logan in full lumberjack attire, and a summary from the pages of the future X-Man's personal notebooks. Survey this vintage document from 1914 and be sure to light a candle on Wolverine's 134th birthday tomorrow, April 5.
Zoom In
Here's the press release prank encapsulating the major points revealed within Logan's military records:
Logan was born in 1882 in Cold Lake, Alberta, Canada, to wealthy landowner Elizabeth Howlett and her grounds-keeper Thomas Logan.
Logan's journals provide valuable insight into his early life in Canada, including work as a miner in a British Columbia stone quarry, a fur trader for the Hudson's Bay Company, and a homesteader in the Canadian Rockies. His military career spanned multiple conflicts, making his personnel records an unprecedented study in Canadian military history. Logan was gravely wounded in action many times, and gained a reputation as a gritty survivor.
Quick Facts:
* WWI: Captain in the Canadian Armed Forces (Devil's Brigade). Fought at Ypres in 1915. Wounded by a sword through the chest.
* WWII: Returned to the Devil's Brigade in the Second World War, as an allied spy and paratrooper for the 1st Canadian Parachute Battalion during the Normandy landings on D-Day.
* Cold War: based in Ottawa and Calgary, worked for both CSIS and the CIA.
* Logan later changed his operative name to ‘Wolverine', and worked with various NGOs.
Zoom In
(Via Library and Archives Canada)
The March 11 earthquake and tsunami in Japan and complicating nuclear crisis throw into sharp focus concerns about exposure to ionising radiation. What is it, how is it harmful, how much is too much?
Inside a nuclear reactor, the radioactivity is increased about a million times as some of the uranium or plutonium is converted to a cocktail of hundreds of different radioactive elements.
There are many different pathways through which people can be exposed to radiation: inhalation of gases or particles in the air, deposits in soil or water, ingestion of food, water or dust. Some radioisotopes mimic normal chemical elements in living systems and therefore make their way up the food chain and onto our plates.
Ionising radiation
Radiation is called “ionising” when it has sufficient energy to knock the electrons off atoms to produce ions (atoms which have a net positive or negative electrical charge).
Ionising radiation damages large complex molecules either directly or by creating highly reactive chemicals inside cells.
The biological potency of ionising radiation is not related to the amount of energy it contains so much as that this energy is packaged in a form which can reach and damage complex molecules – particularly the DNA that is our genetic blueprint, that is passed on to form each new generation.
A lethal dose of radiation may contain as little energy as the heat in a cup of coffee. Our senses cannot warn us about ionising radiation – it cannot be seen or touched or felt or tasted or smelt.
Levels of exposure
Some effects of radiation only occur above certain thresholds.
In the short term, high levels of radiation exposure can cause acute radiation sickness. In the longer term there is an increased risk of cataracts, birth defects, sterility and hair loss.
High doses of radiation can kill cells – this is the reason targeted radiation is used in the treatment of some cancers.
Acute radiation exposure at doses over 100 milliSieverts (mSv), and particularly over 1000 mSv, has most impact on our rapidly dividing cells. These are the blood-forming cells of the bone marrow, lining of the gut, and ovaries and testis. The symptoms of acute radiation sickness therefore include vomiting and diarrhea, bleeding, and reduced ability to fight infection.
The major long-term effect of ionising radiation exposure is an increased risk of a wide variety of cancers. There is no “safe” level of radiation below which there is no increase in cancer risk. The earliest to appear, after around three to five years, are leukemia and thyroid cancer. The 1986 Chernobyl disaster, for instance, has resulted in an epidemic of thyroid cancer with 6,500 children affected so far.
Other cancers begin increasing after 10 years – lung, breast, colon, ovary, bladder and many others. Excess rates of cancer in the Hiroshima and Nagasaki survivors continue to rise.
Sources of exposure
All of us are exposed to ionising radiation all the time – from the stars, from the earth and rocks, from common equipment and appliances. The global average estimated human exposure is 2.4 mSv per year.
The biggest natural source is radon gas produced from radium, part of the decay chain of uranium, which is widely distributed in the Earth's crust. After smoking, radon is the second most important cause of lung cancer worldwide.
The bulk of ongoing exposures of human origin are from medical X-rays, and there is considerable concern about the rapidly rising medical radiation exposures, particularly from the growing number of CT scans being performed. CT scans involve radiation doses of between 3 and 11 mSv.
Exposure to ionising radiation from all sources should be kept as low as is feasible.
In Australia and most countries, it is recommended that 1 mSv per person per year be the maximum permissible exposure from non-medical sources for the general population; and 20 mSv per year the annual permissible limit for nuclear industry workers. In Japan the maximum permissible dose for the emergency nuclear workers in Fukushima has been increased to 250 mSv.
Health harms
The most authoritative current estimates of the health effects of low dose ionising radiation are contained in the Biological Effects of Ionising Radiation VII report from the US National Academy of Sciences (BEIR VII).
This report reflects the substantial weight of scientific evidence that there is no exposure to ionising radiation that is risk-free. The greater the exposure, the greater the risk.
BEIR VII estimates that each 1 mSv of radiation is associated with an increased risk of solid cancer (cancers other than leukemia) of about 1 in 10,000; an increased risk of leukemia of about 1 in 100,000; and a 1 in 17,500 increased risk of cancer death.
But while radiation protection standards are typically based on adult males, it is important to note that not everyone faces the same level of risk. For infants (under 1 year of age) the radiation-related cancer risk is 3 to 4 times higher than for adults; and female infants are twice as susceptible as male infants.
Females face a lower risk of leukemia, but a 50% greater risk of developing a more common solid tumour, so their overall risk of cancer related to radiation exposure is 40% greater than for males. Fetuses in the womb are the most radiation-sensitive of all.
Over time, estimates of the health risks associated with radiation exposure have inexorably risen.
Some of these risks are probably still under-estimated, particularly the impact of internal contamination, such as from plutonium particles lodging in the lung. Internal contamination may not be picked up by external devices designed to detect gamma radiation alone, such as the hand-held radiation monitors now being widely used to screen people in Japan.
In Germany, a recent national study showed that normal operation of nuclear power plants in Germany is associated with a more than doubling of the leukemia risk for under five year olds living within 5 km of a nuclear plant, and increased risk was seen to more than 50 km away. This was much higher than expected.
The longevity of some radioactive minerals is almost incomprehensible. Plutonium-239 has a half-life of 24,400 years. It will take almost a quarter of a million years for it to decay to less than one thousandth of the starting level. So the same particle inhaled into someone's lung could go on to increase cancer risk for other individuals over successive generations.
And while the notion that we weigh too much because we buy, order and eat too much may be obvious, it's increasingly obscured. Study after study and report upon report looks at more particular reasons for obesity and excess pounds, focusing on the edges and the aggravators of the problem instead of the flabby core. And the number and variety of these investigations, not to mention the prominent showcase we in the news media give them, create the impression that alchemy, not appetite, is our enemy, and that if we could just fine-tune our daily schedules, rejigger our protein-to-carbohydrate ratios or wallow sufficiently in fiber, all would be well.
It's as if we're micro-focusing on less daunting and less damning culprits to distract ourselves from the one that's most fearsome and difficult to change, which is the sheer volume of food that many Americans are accustomed to consuming.
Image Frank Bruni Credit Earl Wilson/The New York Times
In The Times alone over the last six weeks, I've read stories or blog posts about research that explored the effect of a proper breakfast on weight loss; the implications of gut bacteria on a person's tendency to be fat or thin; the impact that sleep deprivation can have on dietary cravings; the possible utility of strenuous exercise as an appetite suppressant; and the unhealthy food choices that a favorite sports team's defeat can cause.
The examination of how and why we overeat is like some full-employment scheme for physicians, nutritionists, scientists and professors, who have looked at the roles of alcohol, of additives, of peer pressure, of bribes. One book that landed on my desk recently posits that pollution is making us fat and traces the parallel rise in air-conditioning and obesity.
But these experts haven't brought us clarity. We've been told that snacking is good and that it's not; that fruits and veggies will save the day and that they won't; that more exercise means fewer pounds and that it makes no difference.
Exclusive: The “fake news” hysteria has become the cover for the U.S. government and mainstream media to crack down on fact-based journalism that challenges Official Washington's “group thinks,” writes Robert Parry.
By Robert Parry
A key reason why American foreign debacles have been particularly destructive mostly to the countries attacked but also to the United States is that these interventions are always accompanied by major U.S. government investments in propaganda. So, even when officials recognize a misjudgment has been made, the propaganda machinery continues to grind on to prevent a timely reversal.
In effect, Official Washington gets trapped by its own propaganda, which restricts the government's ability to change direction even when the need for a shift becomes obvious.
After all, once a foreign leader is demonized, it's hard for a U.S. official to explain that the leader may not be all that bad or is at least better than the likely alternative. So, it's not just that officials start believing their own propaganda, it's that the propaganda takes on a life of its own and keeps the failed policy churning forward.
It's a bit like the old story of the chicken that continues to run around with its head cut off. In the case of the U.S. government, the pro-war or pro-intervention “group think” continues to run amok even after wiser policymakers recognize the imperative to change course.
The reason for that dilemma is that so much money gets spread around to pay for the propaganda and so many careers are tethered to the storyline that it's easier to let thousands of U.S. soldiers and foreign citizens die than to admit that the policy was built on distortions, propaganda and lies. That would be bad for one's career.
And, because of the lag time required for contracts to be issued and the money to flow into the propaganda shops, the public case for the policy can outlive the belief that the policy makes sense.
Need for Skeptics
Ideally, in a healthy democracy, skeptics both within the government and in the news media would play a key role in pointing out the flaws and weaknesses in the rationale for a conflict and would be rewarded for helping the leaders veer away from disaster. However, in the current U.S. establishment, such self-corrections don't occur.
A current example of this phenomenon is the promotion of the New Cold War with Russia with almost no thoughtful debate about the reasons for this growing hostility or its possible results, which include potential thermonuclear war that could end life on the planet.
Instead of engaging in a thorough discussion, the U.S. government and mainstream media have simply flooded the policymaking process with propaganda, some of it so crude that it would have embarrassed Joe McCarthy and the Old Cold Warriors.
Everything that Russia does is put in the most negative light with no space allowed for a rational examination of facts and motivations – except at a few independent-minded Internet sites.
Yet, as part of the effort to marginalize dissent about the New Cold War, the U.S. government, some of its related “non-governmental organizations,” mainstream media outlets, and large technology companies are now pushing a censorship project designed to silence the few Internet sites that have refused to march in lockstep.
I suppose that if one considers the trillions of dollars in tax dollars that the Military Industrial Complex stands to get from the New Cold War, the propaganda investment in shutting up a few critics is well worth it.
Today, this extraordinary censorship operation is being carried out under the banner of fighting “fake news.” But many of the targeted Web sites, including Consortiumnews.com, have represented some of the most responsible journalism on the Internet.
At Consortiumnews, our stories are consistently well-reported and well-documented, but we do show skepticism toward propaganda from the U.S. government or anywhere else.
For instance, Consortiumnews not only challenged President George W. Bush's WMD claims regarding Iraq in 2002-2003 but we have reported on the dispute within the U.S. intelligence community about claims made by President Barack Obama and his senior aides regarding the 2013 sarin gas attack in Syria and the 2014 shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over Ukraine.
In those two latter cases, Official Washington exploited the incidents as propaganda weapons to justify an escalation of tensions against the Syrian and Russian governments, much as the earlier Iraqi WMD claims were used to rally the American people to invade Iraq.
However, if you question the Official Story about who was responsible for the sarin gas attack outside Damascus on Aug. 21, 2013, after President Obama, Secretary of State John Kerry and the mainstream media pronounced the Syrian government guilty, you are guilty of “fake news.”
Facts Don't Matter
It doesn't seem to matter that it's been confirmed in a mainstream report by The Atlantic that Director of National Intelligence James Clapper advised President Obama that there was no “slam-dunk” evidence proving that the Syrian government was responsible. Nor does it matter that legendary investigative journalist Seymour Hersh has reported that his intelligence sources say the more likely culprit was Al Qaeda's Nusra Front with help from Turkish intelligence.
By straying from the mainstream “group think” that accuses Syrian President Bashar al-Assad of crossing Obama's “red line” on chemical weapons, you are opening yourself to retaliation as a “fake news” site.
Similarly, if you point out that the MH-17 investigation was put under the control of Ukraine's unsavory SBU intelligence service, which not only has been accused by United Nations investigators of concealing torture but also has a mandate to protect Ukrainian government secrets, you also stand accused of disseminating “fake news.”
Apparently one of the factors that got Consortiumnews included on a new “black list” of some 200 Web sites was that I skeptically analyzed a report by the Joint Investigation Team (JIT) that while supposedly “Dutch-led” was really run by the SBU. I also noted that the JIT's conclusion blaming Russia was marred by a selective reading of the SBU-supplied evidence and by an illogical narrative. But the mainstream U.S. media uncritically hailed the JIT report, so to point out its glaring flaws made us guilty of committing “fake news” or disseminating “Russian propaganda.”
The Iraq-WMD Case
Presumably, if the hysteria about “fake news” had been raging in 2002-2003, then those of us who expressed skepticism about Iraq hiding WMD would have been forced to carry a special marking declaring us to be “Saddam apologists.”
Back then, everyone who was “important” in Washington had no doubt about Iraq's WMD. Washington Post editorial page editor Fred Hiatt repeatedly stated the “fact” of Iraq's hidden WMD as flat fact and mocked anyone who doubted the “group think.”
Yet, even after the U.S. government acknowledged that the WMD allegations were a myth – a classic and bloody case of “fake news” – almost no one who had pushed the fabrication was punished.
So, the “fake news” stigma didn't apply to Hiatt and other mainstream journalists who actually did produce “fake news,” even though it led to the deaths of 4,500 U.S. soldiers and hundreds of thousands of Iraqis. To this day, Hiatt remains the Post's editorial-page editor continuing to enforce “conventional wisdoms” and to disparage those who deviate.
Another painful example of letting propaganda – rather than facts and reason – guide U.S. foreign policy was the Vietnam War, which claimed the lives of some 58,000 U.S. soldiers and millions of Vietnamese.
The Vietnam War raged on for years after Defense Secretary Robert McNamara and even President Lyndon Johnson recognized the need to end it. Part of that was Richard Nixon's treachery in going behind Johnson's back to sabotage peace talks in 1968, but the smearing of anti-war dissidents as pro-communist traitors locked many officials into support for the war well after its futility became obvious. The propaganda developed its own momentum that resulted in many unnecessary deaths.
A Special Marking
In the Internet era, there will now be new-age forms of censorship. Your Web site will be excluded from major search engines or electronically stamped with a warning about your unreliability.
Your guilt will be judged by a panel of mainstream media outlets, including some partially funded by the U.S. government, or maybe by some anonymous group of alleged experts.
With the tens of millions of dollars now sloshing around Official Washington to pay for propaganda, lots of entrepreneurs will be lining up at the trough to do their part. Congress just approved another $160 million to combat “Russian propaganda,” which will apparently include U.S. news sites that question the case for the New Cold War.
Along with that money, the House voted 390-30 for the Intelligence Authorization Act with a Section 501 to create an Executive Branch “interagency committee to counter active measures by the Russian Federation to exert covert influence,” an invitation to expand the McCarthyistic witch hunt already underway to intimidate independent Internet news sites and independent-minded Americans who question the latest round of U.S. government propaganda.
Even if a President Trump decides that these tensions with Russia are absurd and that the two countries can work together in the fight against terrorism and other international concerns, the financing of the New Cold War propaganda — and the pressure to conform to Official Washington's “group think” — will continue.
The well-funded drumbeat of anti-Russian propaganda will seek to limit Trump's decision-making. After all, this New Cold War cash cow can be milked for years to come and nothing – not even the survival of the human species – is more important than that.
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com).
HANOVER, N.J. – On Felipe Martins' right wrist is a tattoo of two stick figures, one representing his wife and a smaller one holding a balloon which represents his 10-month-old son, Noah. He can point to this, he says, to show how important family is to him. Which makes the accusations leveled against him by the United States international and New England Revolution midfielder Jermaine Jones all the more painful for Martins. The Red Bulls' Brazilian midfielder, in his first year with the team, was involved this past Saturday night in a post-game scuffle with Jones. After the match, Jones accused Martins of speaking in Portuguese and saying incendiary comments about his family and his wife during the game, won 2-1 by the Revolution. Recommended Slideshows 4 Pictures PHOTOS: Singapore's treasures star in NY Botanical Garden's 2019 Orchid Show 4 Pictures 36 Pictures Oscars 2019: Red carpet looks and full list of winners 36 Pictures 36 Pictures All of these celebrities have had their nudes leaked 36 Pictures More picture galleries 16 Pictures These photos of Trump and Ivanka will make you deeply uncomfortable 16 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside Brooklyn's Teknopolis is tech that makes us more human 4 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside The Strand's Fight Against Being Named a New York City Landmark 4 Pictures Martins denies saying any such thing and says that if he had to speak to Jones about anything, it would be in English since he's assuming that Jones, a German-American, doesn't understand Portuguese. But even beyond that, he outlined on Tuesday afternoon that at no point did he make comments about Jones or his family. “Jermaine Jones came up with this thing that said I spoke about his family. I was very, very mad. I'm a guy who loves to win, has a passion for this sport,” Martins told Metro.“I'm sometimes hard on the field, I fight to win but I'll never disrespect anyone with hard words about family. I'm a guy who has a family, a kid and a wife. I think he misunderstood me.” He also noted that the referee from Saturday's match was Brazilian so he wouldn't try to get away with comments by speaking in his native Portuguese. So far this year, Martins has been influential in the rise of the Red Bulls to the top half of the Eastern Conference and has formed a solid partnership in the midfield with Sacha Kljestan and Dax McCarty. He's been used in a holding midfield role alongside McCarty where the duo have been effective in winning balls and providing solid distribution. Related Articles The Muddled History of How the Margarita Was Invented Everything you need to know about Alamo Drafthouse Brooklyn Try these good-for-you chocolates and candy for Halloween Acquired in an offseason trade with the Montreal Impact, Martins has impressed with his work rate as well his tenacity, attributes that seemed to annoy Jones on Saturday night. Martins texted Jones after the game to clear the air. He didn't like that his name or his reputation has been affected this way. “He texted me back and said [that] I misunderstood you, I didn't understand what you were saying or maybe I heard something else or somebody else – [that] I'm sorry for that. [Those were]his words,” Martins said.“I just want that to be clearbecause I don't want to, first of all, be involved in this kind of stuff. Second, we play against each other but at the end [of the day] we are all players. We have to respect each other.” To date, there has been no public retraction from Jones about the claims he levied in the media against Martins. “Jermaine either misunderstood what Felipe said or he fabricated it," Red Bulls head coach Jesse Marsch said. "I know for a fact that Felipe never said anything about his family; even more so he's not that kind of person. Jermaine hasn't publicly retracted anything but I think he should. Frankly, I don't think Jermaine's behavior was upstanding and so for him to go publicly afterwards is the wrong thing to do. It's against player code and it's against really the level of decency. “Unless you're absolutely certain that somebody said something, defaming somebody's character isn't the right thing to do.”
0
While there's been a lot of talk around Amy Adams (for Nocturnal Animals and Arrival), Emma Stone (La La Land), and Natalie Portman (Jackie), thanks to film festival screenings, one performance lost in the conversation is Jessica Chastain in Miss Sloane. The film reunites her with director John Madden after 2010's The Debt, and the first footage has finally arrived in the Miss Sloane trailer.
EW premiered the sneak peek, which sees Chastain as Elizabeth Sloane, a lobbyist who risked her career by attacking the gun lobby in an attempt to pass gun control legislation. This is America, so obviously gun control is a touchy point of debate. But regardless of what stance you take on the issue, anyone who knows anything about politics knows how much power forces like the NRA wield in this country. So this is already going to be a heated, uphill battle for Miss Sloane.
The trailer, in turn, is striking. It takes the first scene from the film itself — a close-up shot of Sloane speaking into the camera — and intersperses clips from her career victories and then the all out war she wages against gun lobbyists that will surely be dirty.
Watch the trailer below:
Madden also dished on working with Chastain again with EW, as well as the fact that a woman is at the center of this story. “The central character might be familiar to audiences had that person been a man,” he said. “In this case, it's a woman and the movie is totally framed around that character. She is the engine of the movie.”
Chastain is one of those incredible talents that for one reason or another has never actually won an Oscar. She was nominated twice for The Help and Zero Dark Thirty, and she didn't receive any these past couple years, even though her name seemed to be everywhere from Crimson Peak to A Most Violent Year to The Martian. It's not to say she won't earn any recognition this year, just that press screenings haven't begun for Miss Sloane so buzz has been virtually nonexistent. We'll see how this film enters the awards conversation, if at all, when it debuts December 9th.
It came in a box... A box with a lot of sticky tape all over it. Much more sticky tape than it should've. That's because AQIS opened it to check for contraband or drugs or something. Probably more due to the craftsmanship of the contents. Australian customs are pretty finnicky when it comes to things made from wood. The first thing I saw amongst the shredded brown paper was bubblewrap. What could be in said bubblewrap? A groovy painted wooden horse! he's sitting on my desktop computer tower. He's also got a partner in crime. His friend the mouse! I shall call them Louie and Squeak! Louie is the mouse!
I did some more digging and came upon some literary greatness! Douglas Adams' Last Chance to See. I've been meaning to get myself another copy of this after a friend of mine 'borrowed' it many years ago and didn't give it back! I'm not letting this one out of my sight! Then there were the other two awesome literary greats. Some readers suitable for my daughter. My Secret Santa did their job well! My daughter had fun reading Sammy the Seal. Batman is for another day. It was perfectly timed as my daughter goes back to her father in a few days so she can take Batman home with her. She tried to convince me to part with my wildly painted horse but no dice on that one hehe.
I will post pictures but I have to extricate a child from the shower and put her to bed. I'm sure she'll love having her photo taken with her loot!
They didn't win The Amazing Race, but newlywed surfers Bethany Hamilton and Adam Dirks have a lot to celebrate anyway. The couple, who finished in third place on the most-recent season of the reality show, made a big announcement today via Bethany's Instagram account.
In a cute video posted on Monday morning, Bethany and Adam appeared together on a surfboard.
“We have a little surprise for you,” Bethany told her 790,000 followers. “Baby on board!”
“She's pregnant– yes!” Adam added.
The couple, who has been married since 2013, let their fans know that their little “Soul Surfer” is due in early June– and it's a boy!
On Bethany's YouTube channel, the couple answered more questions about the pregnancy.
“In baby terms, I'm 22 weeks, which is about halfway there,” Bethany said. “It's been a kind of crazy four months, finding out that we're going to be parents. Life's going to be changing! We're starting to prep for bringing a new little being into the world. It's all really exciting though.”
Bethany hasn't let the pregnancy keep her out of the water.
“I've been surfing throughout my whole pregnancy…but, yeah, I, like, plan to surf as long as I can,” she said. “Once the belly's pretty big, maybe just like mellow it out and spend more time swimming and enjoying the ocean.”
She also addressed what many fans were probably wondering: Will she struggle with motherhood because she only has one arm?
“I've been kind of thinking about it, but I often forget that I have one arm,” Bethany said. “But when I think about a squirming baby, changing the diapers could be really challenging. But how I live life now, I just adjust and adapt to different things, especially to things that are a lot easier with two arms…I'll just have to find my own way to take care of the baby and of course I'll have Adam to help.”
Check out the couple's full YouTube announcement video below:
LOS ANGELES — Members of the Black Lives Matter movement told a panel discussion at the first annual Politicon on Saturday that they see their efforts as part of the global left.
“We're trying to tie this (Black Lives Matter) to the global potential for this movement,” moderator and political commentator Touré told the crowd that filled about a third of the conference hall chairs.
Black Lives Matter organizer Patrisse Cullors dominated much of the session, and shared the stage with ACLU Southern California Executive Director Hector Villagra; Mayesha Charlton of Black Lives Matter L.A.; Dignity and Power Now Director of Heath and Wellness Mark-Anthony Johnson; and Black Lives Matter activist Stephanie Lightfoot-Bennett from the United Kingdom.
Cullors detailed that the Black Lives Matter movement was no accident, but conscientiously crafted. “We built not just a hashtag. It's important people know that Black Lives Matter wasn't just this hashtag that circulated around the internet, but we actually built an organization, a platform and a project out of the hashtag so here we are a couple of years later and the hashtag movement has gone global.”
“Whatever happens in the states automatically goes viral in England,” Lightfoot-Bennett added.
Cullors went on to recall her time on a “Black Lives Matter Tour” to Palestinian territory and the United Kingdom. She told the audience that while in Palestinian territory she witnessed “the occupation,” a “level of state violence,” and “apartheid.” She added that her trip to “Palestine” had been transformative and that “it challenged me and my internationalism.” Speaking of her time in the U.K., Cullors said she thought about how to make videos go viral in the U.S. as well as across the globe. “A lot of the reason why Dr. Martin Luther King was killed was ‘cause he started talking about Vietnam,” Cullors claimed.
Cullors and Lightfoot-Bennett joined forces during her time in London, England. Inquest's e-newsletter records that Cullors addressed attendees at two main events while there. The newsletter details that one was a parliamentary event on January 26 chaired by Jon McDonnell MP, and included Diane Abbott MP as one of the speakers. Lightfoot-Bennet was also reported as a participant on Fergusonsolidaritytour.com. The Police Action Lawyers Group organized a second event that included Cullors, according to Inquest.
Touré followed Cullors's statements Saturday by suggesting that when figures such as Malcolm X began to speak globally, they became targets. He then asked panelists if any fear for their lives.
“I think a lot of us are,” Cullors replied. She said that being involved was a way to deal with sadness and rage from losing loved ones.
Cullors went on to call the viewing audience of Fox News' Bill O'Reilly, “gun-toting white racists.” She was responding to O'Reilly's comment that the Black Lives Matter is a hate group. O'Reilly's claim had come in light of Black Lives Matter protesters chanting “pigs in a blanket, fry ‘em like bacon” after the execution-style murder of a Texas deputy.
Breitbart News previously reported in August, “Black Lives Matter founder Cullors was screaming “burn everything down” and “rise the fuck up” at the group's recent takeover of the Netroots Nation event.”
Touré commented during the panel, “Video has transformed the potential of this movement.”
ACLU Exec Director Villagra spent considerable time explaining the parameters for video recording police.
Touré commented that he feels like the Black Lives Matter movement is at a crossroads, then asked whether the movement will be a part of history or fade into the past moving forward.
Cullors responded, “I think that the difference between BLM and Occupy is that we're really trying to build a mass movement that centers the conversation around racism and I think Occupy focused on class in a way that isolated a lot of people. And I think that our movement is trying to develop a mass movement, it's trying to base build and organize.”
“Mentors of mine that were part of the 60's and 70's, they didn't know that this was going to be a historic movement,” Cullors said.
Cullors also asserted, “Black-on-black crime is a myth.” She called comments on the phenomenon a “distraction” and “an unnecessary debate,” then encouraged the audience that when a conversation goes in that direction to “shut it down.”
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
A hot plate is perfect for a little pot of beans, I discovered. Like pasta, cannellini beans are a good staple to have on hand in a city kitchen pantry, and an hour of gentle simmering is usually all it takes. Obviously, they take a little advance planning. You can't hurry a pot of beans, but you can cook them the day or even the morning before you need them. This is a good habit to get into, as a small batch of freshly cooked beans is well worth the little effort it takes to get them cooked. (And by all means, use a real stovetop if you have one.) Don't cave and go the canned-bean route — save those for emergencies or camping trips.
Photo
In Italy, where cooks have long known that beans are versatile as well as delicious, the bean repertory runs the gamut from glorious soups laden with garlicky greens to platters of steaming beans adorned with fat, juicy fennel sausages. But perhaps the real bean pinnacle is a plate of cool beans eaten with sweet onions, drizzled with fruity olive oil and sprinkled with salt. This is the simplest white bean salad — all you add is bread and wine.
To take the elemental white bean salad a bit further, you can customize it according to the season. Though spring seems to be rapidly becoming summer, we're at the height of asparagus season now, and a few fat spears are all that's needed for this dish. First, make thin ribbons of raw asparagus, fennel and radish. Then make a lemony, anchovy-inflected vinaigrette. Lightly dress the ribbons and pile them over the (also dressed) white beans. Add basil, parsley or dill. Serve this salad on its own or with the addition of grilled chicken or fish, or hard-cooked eggs. Over the course of the summer, you can reinvent the dish with other vegetables. Imagine the beans with shaved tender zucchini, chopped capers and good quality canned tuna, or with roasted peppers, sweet tomatoes and a splash of red wine vinegar.
However you dress them up, you'll get best results if you buy your cannellini beans from an Italian grocer or another good purveyor who is likely to carry new-crop beans. Recently harvested beans cook more quickly and evenly, and hold their shape when cooked.
To cook them, rinse a pound of beans and put them in a pot. Cover with cold water and add a few aromatics — half an onion, a peeled carrot, a bay leaf, a clove, a few fennel seeds. Bring the pot to a boil, then reduce the heat to the barest simmer. Add a large spoonful of olive oil and a small spoonful of salt. Let the beans simmer, uncovered, for an hour or so, checking on them occasionally. Depending on their age and other variables, they may take up to 30 minutes more. When they are truly tender, turn off the heat and let them cool completely in their broth before refrigerating. A pound of beans will give you twice enough for the recipe below, so plan on a bean dish once more this week.
On Sunday's “Meet the Press,” Claire McCaskill pointed out that she'd met Grover Norquist for the first time backstage, then asked a pretty good question: “Who is he?”
Her point is that Norquist's visibility and reputation dramatically exceeds his actual political clout. It's understandable how this has happened. Republicans have evolved over the past three decades into a staunchly anti-tax party, and Norquist is a colorful and endlessly quotable symbol of this absolutism – one who happens to live and work in close proximity to much of the national political press corps. So he gets an awful lot of face time on television and it can sometimes seem as if he and his anti-tax pledge are the reason no Republican member of Congress has voted for a tax hike in over two decades.
Advertisement:
But, as Tim Noah wrote last week, Norquist's actual power in Washington and within the GOP is illusory. In terms of stature and public prominence, he's been a major beneficiary of the party's opposition to tax increases – but he hasn't been the driving force behind it. The real story of the GOP's modern evolution on taxes played out in several stages, from the late 1970s to the early 1990s.
The first key moment was the advent in the late '70s of supply-side economics, the theory that minimizing income, corporate and investment taxes would result in perpetual economic growth that would benefit everyone. It was a fringe idea at first, championed by economist Arthur Laffer and a handful of Republican members of Congress, most notably Jack Kemp. At the time, the GOP was locked in something of a civil war, between the moderate old guard and a rising New Right. In the 1976 primaries, Ronald Reagan had nearly led the conservative wing to victory over President Gerald Ford, and in the run-up to his 1980 campaign, Reagan decided to embrace supply-side as one of his major platform planks, cementing it as a conservative principle. In his first year in office, Reagan signed a set of sweeping tax cuts into law, and supply-side became mainstream.
Reagan, it's true, went on to approve a number of tax increases over the course of his presidency, but it's the '81 tax cuts (along with tax reform in 1986, which brought the top marginal rate – which had been at 70 percent when he took office – all the way down to 28 percent) that conservatives tend to remember. The story of the Reagan years, as they came to tell it, was simple: He inherited a stalled economy, slashed taxes, and unleashed record-shattering economic growth. (Never mind that there were other reasons for the sudden surge in growth that began halfway through Reagan's first term.)
The next key moment came in 1988, when Reagan's vice president, George H.W. Bush, sought to succeed him. Bush had been with the old moderate wing a decade earlier, and had ridiculed Reagan's supply-side prescription as “voodoo economics” during the 1980 primaries. To make peace with the moderates, Reagan had put Bush on his ticket that fall, but Bush recognized that Reagan's wing had won the war. He spent his eight years as V.P. reinventing himself as a conservative true believer, and sought to extinguish any remaining doubts by including in his 1988 convention acceptance speech this emphatic vow:
The Congress will push me to raise taxes, and I'll say no. And they'll push, and I'll say no. And they'll push again, and I'll say to them, “Read my lips: No new taxes.”
It was the most memorable line of the 1988 campaign, but the problem was that Bush didn't actually mean it. He was still at heart an Eisenhower Republican. And so, confronted with the massive deficits Reagan had left over, Bush put together a deal with Democratic congressional leaders in 1990 to raise taxes. Actually, Republicans were in on it too – at least at first. At the time, the top Republican in the Senate (Bob Dole) and the top Republican in the House (Bob Michel) were also Eisenhower-types who'd never been comfortable with supply-side. So they joined with Bush, and the expectation was that most of the party would fall in line too. Which brings us to the third key moment in the GOP's evolution: the '90 revolt.
Advertisement:
It was led by Newt Gingrich, the second-ranking House Republican. He had designs on Michel's job, and saw the tax deal as the perfect opportunity to make his move. Declaring it a sellout of conservative principles that would wreck the economy, Gingrich declared his opposition to the plan and urged Republicans to join him. Most of them did – enough to deliver Bush a humiliating defeat when the package first came to the House floor, but not quite enough to sink the revised version that emerged a few weeks later. Still, Gingrich had made his point: Most of the party was with him, not Bush.
Two years later, Gingrich and every other Republican who'd savaged the '90 deals got to claim vindication, too, when Bush was defeated for reelection. In the story they told, Bush's tax hike had caused the early ‘90s recession, thereby guaranteeing his loss at the polls. In reality, the recession had already begun when the tax deal was struck, and it actually ended months after it was implemented. But when voters went to the polls in the fall of '92, most didn't feel like the economy was recovering. Never mind all of that, though; the takeaway for conservatives from '92 was this: Not only is raising taxes a violation of our values – it's also bad politics. This was the fourth key moment.
And it flowed neatly into the fifth, which took place during the first year of Bill Clinton's presidency. Clinton had campaigned on a pledge to raise taxes on high incomes, arguing that the affluent had disproportionately benefited from the prosperity of the ‘80s and that the middle class had been left behind. As president, he followed through, pushing for the creation of new 36 and 39.6 tax brackets for high-income earners. He got his way, but without a single Republican vote. The 1993 budget passed the House by the barest margin – 218-216 – and made it through the Senate on the tie-breaking vote of Vice President Al Gore. Republicans guaranteed that it would ruin the fragile recovery, plunge the country into a new recession, cost millions of jobs, and fail to reduce the deficit. Because of the experience of 1990, even normally pragmatic members of the party had no wiggle room; anti-tax absolutism had become orthodoxy.
Of course, none of the dire predictions about Clinton's budget panned out. As it happened, the rest of the decade was marked by declining unemployment and strong growth. And, thanks to the combined effects of Clinton and Bush tax hikes, this translated into a revenue windfall, resulting in budget surpluses in the final years of Clinton's second term. But Republicans never really grappled with this, preferring to create a revised history that credited the strong economy to the GOP takeover of Congress in 1994 and to Clinton's willingness to sign a capital gains tax cut in 1997. Nor was there much pressure on them to grapple with reality. Thanks to the surpluses of the late ‘90s, it was easy for George W. Bush to run in 2000 on a call for deep tax cuts.
Advertisement:
Clear through the Bush years and Barack Obama's first term, the GOP's posture on taxes remained unchanged. But in the wake of his reelection, Obama now has considerable leverage to force Republicans to sign off on rate increase of some sort. It's still far from clear they will, but some of them have been making noises recently that no one in the party has made for more than two decades. If Republicans do end up voting to increase tax rates, it will obviously be a big deal. But it won't represent a failure on Grover Norquist's party any more than the anti-tax absolutism of the last 22 years has represented a success on his part.
A Garda investigation is under way into the tragic death of a nurse whose body lay undiscovered in a hospital for nearly two days.
A Garda investigation is under way into the tragic death of a nurse whose body lay undiscovered in a hospital for nearly two days.
Nurse lay dead in children's hospital for up to two days
It is understood that the nurse was last seen on duty on Sunday in Our Lady's Children's Hospital in Crumlin.
She was found on Tuesday morning in one of the rooms in the hospital which are set aside for parents' accommodation.
When her body was discovered, efforts were made to resuscitate her, but it was too late.
Gardaí have launched an investigation into the death of the nurse, who was in her early 30s, but are satisfied that there was no foul play.
A senior officer told the Irish Independent that they were treating the death as a tragedy.
The investigation will include an examination of how a member of staff was in possession of a key for a parents' room.
Accommodation for parents is provided in a special section of the hospital. Some parents, whose child is a patient at the hospital, can be allocated a room to stay - but they often return to their home for a few days.
In such situations, the room is unlikely to be visited by staff.
The nurse's body was found in one of these room that are used occasionally by parents for resting.
The nurse is understood to have completed her shift in the hospital on Sunday and then went into the room, which was unoccupied.
Initial inquiries suggest that she died shortly afterwards. But her body was not discovered by staff until Tuesday.
Staff at the hospital are understood to be devastated by the death of their colleague.
A spokeswoman for the hospital confirmed the death of a staff member. She said: "Our thoughts, prayers and deepest condolences go out to the staff member's family and friends and colleagues here at Our Ladys's Hospital.
"The hospital will be making no further comment as it is the subject of a garda investigation."
The general secretary of the Irish Nurses and Midwives Organisation, Liam Doran, said the union had no comment.
He said he was aware of the incident and that it was a terrible tragedy.
Irish Independent
Venango County's Craig Adams says candidates reported to have received ZERO votes on ES&S voting machines in 2008 election...
Brad Friedman Byon 10/10/2011, 1:25pm PT
Last week we wrote about Venango County, PA's landmark independent forensic audit of their 100% unverifiable ES&S iVotronic touch-screen voting machines. The heavily-Republican county will be moving to paper ballots this November, as their systems are now being examined by computer scientists from Carnegie Mellon University following what Marybeth Kuznik of the non-partisan Election Integrity group VotePA.us described to us as "numerous reports of vote-flipping, candidates missing from screens, write-ins missing, and high undervote rates in their May 17 Primary."
In our coverage last week, we highlighted the comments of Venango's Republican Election Director Craig Adams who asked at a presser, as the examination finally got underway following months of legal wrangling and opposition, "What is a vote worth?"
"If the vote is counted it is priceless," he continued. "If it is not counted, I don't care what it costs. Let's get a right."
On Friday night, as I was guest hosting the nationally-syndicated Mike Malloy Show last week, Adams was kind enough to call in to the show. [Audio posted below.] We didn't know we'd hear from him, but when he called in I was delighted to take his call, as he had more information to share on what had led to his Election Board --- currently comprised of two Republicans and one Democrat --- fighting together to move to paper ballots, and to see their machines independently examined.
"It started with an election in 2008 when the machines were basically showing a large number of undervotes," he explained. "And then there were candidates for positions in the county and they had zero votes, but there was like 250 or 260 undervotes..."
"Wait a minute," I interrupted. "There were people who had zero votes on the ballot? Is that normal?," I asked.
"No. No, it is not normal," he responded bluntly. "And so, ya know, that was a red flag"...
"What was the reason that people were giving for fighting against independently examining these voting systems?," I asked.
He replied directly and slowly: "They know there's something wrong."
Omaha-based Election Systems & Software, Inc. (ES&S) is the nation's largest e-voting vendor. The ES&S iVotronic system is used in more than a dozen states across the country, as it will be once again during next year's 2012 Presidential Election. It was also the system which unverifiably and inexplicably declared the unknown Alvin Greene as the "winner" of the 2010 Democratic primary for the U.S. Senate in South Carolina. In a 2006 Special Election to fill the U.S. House seat vacated by former Sec. of State Katherine Harris in Florida's 13th Congressional District, the ES&S iVotronics completely lost some 18,000 votes entirely. The Republican was declared the "winner" of that election by just 369 votes.
[For more alarming stories from the long history of ES&S e-vote system failure, see our story on Venango from last week.]
You can listen to my full conversation with Adams below. The segment begins, before he joined me, with a few words about Dorothy Cooper, the 96-year old African-American woman from Tennessee, who has been voting for some 70 years without a problem, until now, as the newly-elected GOP legislature in her state has rammed through a disenfranchising polling-place Photo ID restriction law.
Cooper, who has never had a driver's license, presented her birth certificate and all sorts of other identifying documents at the DMV in order to receive her supposedly "free" state ID so she could vote next year. But, as she had gotten married since birth, and her name has changed in the bargain, she was denied an ID, as she was unable to find and produce her marriage certificate!
[More on Cooper's maddening story now here.]
Republican statehouses all over the country having been jamming through similar measures in order to suppress Democratic votes in advance of the 2012 election. Thats' just a fact --- even as we're always delighted to find the rare Republican like Adams fighting to make sure all voters can vote and that their votes are properly counted.
As I noted near the end of the segment on Friday night, nobody ever refers to The BRAD BLOG as a "liberal blog" when we're out there fighting for the election rights of Republicans like "Tea Party" candidate Joe Miller, as we did in last year's U.S. Senate election in Alaska after serious questions arose about the accuracy and transparency of results. Last week, Miller linked to our coverage of the $26 remote control e-voting hack developed by Argonne National Labs.
Nor do they sneeringly attempt to dismiss the work we do here as that of a "liberal blog" when we report on the fight of election integrity heroes like Republican Craig Adams from Venango County. Isn't that odd?
Here's our conversation from last Friday's Malloy Show [appx 17 mins]...
* * *
Please support The BRAD BLOG's fiercely independent, award-winning coverage of your electoral system, as available from no other media outlet in the nation, with a donation to help us keep going (Snail mail, more options here). If you like, we'll send you some great, award-winning election integrity documentary films in return! Details right here...
Esther Wesley once attended a Sunday service at St. Alban's Anglican Cathedral in Prince Albert, Sask., and could hardly believe it when she heard the entire congregation sing The Doxology in Cree.
“I mean, they have sung it in Cree!” says a visibly excited Wesley, co-ordinator of the national church's Anglican Fund for Healing and Reconciliation. “And, I've been told they've continued to do so every Sunday.”
Wesley's excitement is understandable. Such a feat had been made possible, in part, by Cree language classes held at the cathedral, which in 2014 received a $15,000 grant from the healing fund. Initiated by the dean of St. Alban's, Ken Davis, and taught by the Rev. Samuel Hackett, the classes had attracted a mix of students-ages 7 to 70-Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal, Anglican and non-Anglican.
The classes were one of about 70 language and translation projects across Canada that had received grants from the fund since its inception in 1991. Established to support initiatives that help Indigenous people heal from the harmful legacy of Indian residential schools, the fund has so far disbursed $7,359,209, of which roughly $960,000, or 13.04 per cent, has gone to language-related projects.
Wesley, who has been fund co-ordinator since 2000, firmly believes that most of the issues confronting Native communities are tied to loss of language. “Language work must continue. If we don't support language, then all the children that are coming up are going to lose their identity,” Wesley told Council of General Synod (CoGS), the church's governing body between General Synods, last November.
Loss of language was one of the devastating consequences of the Indian residential school system and other assimilationist policies of the colonial government. From the mid-19th century to the second half of the 20th century, Aboriginal children were taken from their homes and sent to federally funded, church-run residential schools, where they were forbidden from speaking their mother tongues.
At Truth and Reconciliation Commission (TRC) hearings, former students shared experiences of physical and emotional abuse endured as a consequence of speaking a language other than English or French. While some dared to use their mother tongues in secret, many eventually lost their ability to speak them. Unable to communicate, they were cut off from their families and communities and lost the ability to bequeath their ancestral language to succeeding generations. Denigration of Aboriginal languages also inhibited many from relearning them.
The results have been devastating. Today, many of the 60-90 surviving Aboriginal languages in the country are “under serious threat of extinction,” according to the TRC's final report released in 2015. Only 14.5 per cent of Canada's 1.4 million Indigenous population report an Aboriginal language as their first language, the TRC noted, citing Statistics Canada's 2011 census report.
“In the previous 2006 census, 18% of those who identified as Aboriginal had reported an Aboriginal language as their first language learned, and a decade earlier, in the 1996 census, the figure was 26%,” said the TRC. “This indicates nearly a 50% drop in the fifteen years since the last residential schools closed.”
There is hope, however. In recent years, there have been sustained efforts by Indigenous peoples and many other sectors to revive and rebuild Aboriginal languages. A 2011 survey from the Assembly of First Nations (AFN) showed that about 88 per cent of First Nation schools offered Indigenous language programs. Despite a lack of funding, about 58 First Nation schools across Canada are finding ways to offer Indigenous language immersion programs for children, it added.
The Bible has also been translated into several Aboriginal languages, with support from various church agencies.
Last December, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau unveiled a plan to implement a new law to protect and preserve Indigenous languages in Canada. Adequate financial and logistical support are key if this law is to have substance.
The Anglican Church of Canada wasn't far behind: on December 23, CoGS voted to dedicate this year's undesignated proceeds of General Synod's annual fundraising campaign, Giving with Grace, to the Healing Fund. Campaign organizers hope to raise $1 million, which will allow the fund to continue supporting projects-particularly those aimed at language preservation-for the next five years.
It's a campaign that deserves generous support from Anglicans, who are on a continuing journey of healing and reconciliation with Indigenous peoples.
We all know the importance of language. Language is the essence of a people's culture-allowing them to pass on their values, beliefs, heritage and histories from generation to generation. It is also a tangible expression of a people's right to self-determination.
In a 1994 study of the impact of residential schools, the AFN, quoting First Nation elders, says that “a First Nation world is quite simply not possible without its own language. For [elders], the impact of residential school silencing their language is equivalent to a residential school silencing their world.”
Elder and cultural educator Mary Lou Fox (Odemin Kwe), of the Ojibwa First Nation, Manitoulin Island, summed it up when she once said, “Without the language, we are warm bodies without a spirit.”
For John Mosquito of Nekaneet First Nation, it is simply this: “Our Creator put us here on earth. He gave us different languages to use. He put us here to love and respect each other.” (Source: Saskatchewan Indigenous Cultural Centre website.)
*Mushkegowuk Cree language
Forget what you have been told about the financial crisis, because most of what has been written has been written from the view point of the financial system. That system exists to be an investment bank for the global wealthy. It packages revenue streams, and sells them. The most important one, was you. Your house, your willingness to pay for college, your willingness to pay for health insurance. What Goldman Sachs sells is you, in the same way that broadcast television sells viewers to advertisers. You aren't the customer of Citibank, you are the product.
What is happening is that the dollar is breaking into two parts. The financial system dollar is one issue, the US economy dollar is another. The rich of the world are still willing to loan the US government money to do the international things that the dollar does, but they are not willing to loan US consumers money. While people talk about fraud in the financial sector, the real root of this downturn is that people with money to loan don't want to loan it to American consumers. Citibank pays 0% for its money. You pay a great deal more for yours.
We can see this by what might seem a paradox, the dollar has strengthened, but the US trade balance has improved. If the relative cost of goods were the driving factor, the dollar getting stronger should have worsened the trade balance. The reality is that exports have gone up, and imports have gone down, because prices of US goods are not going up by much, and the recession has crippled US demand for imports. From now on, the US consumer is on pay-as-you-go from the rest of the world. Our economy is, as a result, likely to remain in a depression for some time to come, until the US starts selling things to the rest of the world that the rest of the world wants, and reduces the cost of being in the middle class.
This is a decoupling of the dollar as the world's fundamental currency, often called being the world's "reserve" currency—but the term reserve currency has a narrower technical meaning from its role as the currency of the American economy. Once the world loaned money to US consumers so that US consumers would support the policies required to maintain the world trade and stability system. The outside world hated what Bush was doing, but they did not hate it enough to stop him from doing it. Thus it let the US keep itself happy on a borrowing binge. But now the wars that this binge was meant to cover over are winding down, and there is a belief that the US will support the current level of engagement no matter what. Why keep us happy when we aren't going to pay back?
What this simple reality means is that there are now two kinds of dollars: financial system dollars and consumer dollars. One is very cheap—the US can borrow all the money it needs to keep the global financial system afloat. One is very expensive—US consumers are going to have credit lines slashed, and the equity in their homes has been given a haircut. The US is going to be in a situation which looks like Europe, with many more people who want jobs than can have jobs, because only the goods that America is genuinely better at making will have a market outside. That is the cold reality.
The truth of banking is it is about giving people permission. Permission to do something they otherwise don't have permission to do. The deep money of the world wants the permission it has given us to be paid back. That's why the Peterson Foundation is all over budget deficits. Deficits don't cause inflation, deficits tempt governments to use inflation to reduce the burden of debt, and encourage governments to invest in growth that reduces the relative burden of debt. However, current holders of that debt hate both of these things. They want money to retain buying power, and they want the economy to be weak, except in so far as it grows to pay them back. The budget hawks want a crippled America—because that is in their best interest—but their position is in contradiction. The economy that is slow enough to keep old debt powerful is too slow to ever pay it back. That is why—using the Federal Reserve's US economic model—the recovery will be what is called "L" shaped, rather than "V" shaped. We will not bounce back, but will get dragged along the bottom.
The alternative course is argued for by Keynesian economics: that both a return of the power to discount the past, and the power to expand the future, are better. To reach this situation however, the United States has to realize that it cannot recouple the dollar as a weak dollar. This means that we will not be able to export cheaply by making cheap dollars, but must instead engage in public investment, so that people will pay expensive dollars for what we make. The only people who can give us permission to do this is ourselves. The solution to the economic crisis on Main Street comes from Main Street. Wall Street ran one way: in to the crisis.
The choice is up to us. . . and no one else.
BYNDxMDLS 2016 Japan & Laax Ale Invite Blackout In Europe Slam Of The Week | BYNDxMDLS Double Head Smash BYNDxMDLS 2016 – Ep. 4: Russia vs America HERE WE GO! Episode one of Kevin and Tor's adventures BYNDxMDLS has finally landed and it's straight fire.
This winter we'll be lucky enough to be a fly on the wall with the BYNDxMDLS crew during their stay at Peaks Place in legendary Laax Resort. This is the first episode of a four part series which offers a more behind the scenes insight into the lives of these dudes.
They say they're saving all their best shots for a full length movie at the end of the winter, yet this first episode is stacked full of heaters. We're hyped on this and you should be too!
The crew start off the season sending it in Laax snowpark before a mellow trip to Japan sees them bagging endlessly deep powder. We can't wait to see what else these guys have in store for us. We'll be the first to drop the new episodes so keep checking back here to find them and get hyped for the full movie!
CLEARFIELD - A state trooper accused of assaulting and threatening to kill his wife was in court Tuesday asking for his $1 million bail to be lowered.
Police said Terry Jordan, of Clearfield, beat his wife and threatened to kill her during an alcohol-fueled attack on April 21 after she refused to have sex with him.
Jordan has been a state trooper for about 20 years. He was stationed at the Woodland Barracks in Clearfield until last September.
He was most recently a member of Gov. Tom Wolf's executive security detail in Harrisburg.
During a hearing before Judge Fredric Ammerman on a motion to reduce bail, Jordan's attorney, Bryan Walk, had Dr. Brett DiGiovanna, forensic psychiatrist, testified by phone.
DiGiovanna testified that he performed an evaluation on Jordan June 30 at the Clinton County jail. DiGiovanna said Jordan was fully cooperative.
DiGiovanna said Jordan was a low risk for future violence.
District Attorney William Shaw asked DiGiovanna if he knew of any previous violent or domestic disputes regarding Jordan. DiGiovanna said he only knew of the incident on April 21 and that Jordan denied any previous accusations of domestic or physical abuse.
"He's been a model trooper," Walk said. "This is something that occurred off duty between husband and wife, that doesn't justify it, but it puts it in a little different light rather than some of the stuff we're seeing in today's world with other police departments."
Shaw called a witness who is a clerk typist for the state police. She testified she was having an affair with Jordan.
She said one night at Jordan's apartment in Dauphin County, he allegedly assaulted her and chipped some of her teeth. She said they both had been drinking.
Jordan's mother also took the stand and said he would be staying with her if he made bail.
In closing arguments, Walk said Jordan's bail is excessive and cruel. Walk said he's seen more serious crimes get less serious bails.
Shaw said there's always a chance if Jordan makes bail he could carry out his threats.
"He knows if she died, the case would be gone. If he kills himself, the case would be gone," Shaw said.
"Everybody that gets out of jail has that potential," Walk said. "Mr. Jordan's history should speak for itself. He served the commonwealth for close to 20 years, governor's detail. The best they have is an incident that occurs when everybody's drunk and out of control."
Ammerman did not make a decision on the motion at the end of the hearing.
Jordan's job is pending the outcome of his case.
Stybs has played Magic the world over, writing and drafting as part of the event coverage team and slinging Commander everywhere his decks will fit.
There may be five colors in Magic, but only one can truly light the competition on fire: red. Tapping Mountains all the way to victory has a storied history in the game, and in today's Standard field, it's still finding success the same way it did 20 years ago.
Red is the color of passion and emotion, and that gets expressed through dealing with issues immediately. Spells that deal damage directly to creatures, creatures that attack quickly, destroying physical things like artifacts and even lands—red's motto is to hit first and ask questions later, and that's generously assuming we need to stop to ask any to begin with.
With Standard Showdowns happening all this month, now is an excellent time to jump into the format, where red finds itself in an excellent position. Direct damage—burn spells—answer many of the common threats while also giving you ways to win over those too big to toast. Fast creatures duck under the shields and answers in popular decks, dealing damage faster than opponents expect. And there's untapped potential for some of red's biggest cards to make a splash beyond the tried and true Standard choices.
Let's sleeve a few Mountains and get started.
Why Is Red Great in Standard?
Several red cards are key to making a variety of decks work, and we'll start with the most ubiquitous: Harnessed Lightning.
There are several things going for Harnessed Lightning that put it into every deck playing Mountains:
It's an instant, meaning it can answer things that sorcery-speed options can't (like crewed Vehicles or opponents' combat tricks).
It generates three energy but doesn't always need to use it all to kill something, leaving you with more energy for decks that want it.
It can spend more than three energy if you have it handy, scaling up to bigger threats with proper planning.
It's easy to cast, requiring just a solitary red mana and one of any anything else around to fire off.
While it can't hit players, Harnessed Lightning is a centerpiece to any strategy relying on red. Alongside other sources of energy (I'm looking at you, Aether Hub!) it's even better.
Not far behind Harnessed Lightning is another reason to go in with red: Galvanic Bombardment.
Just like Harnessed Lighting, Galvanic Bombardment makes up for its inability to hit players' life totals by being fast and scaling up:
It's an instant, handling Vehicles and playing as a foil to opponents' tricks.
It hits harder for each one you've cast before, answering bigger threats later in the game.
It's both easy to cast and efficient at just one red mana.
While it doesn't synergize with much beyond itself, it's among the best removal spells for both aggressive decks (it's cheap enough to cast and play another threat in the same turn) and more controlling options (easy to cast and represent with untapped mana).
Another card that's a Standard contender for playing red is our favorite pyromancer: Chandra, Torch of Defiance.
As arguably the most exciting card released with Kaladesh, Chandra, Torch of Defiance comes with a whopping four abilities that play together nicely:
Exiling a card to play or deal damage means it doesn't matter what you hit on top of your library as you're progressing the game. Left unchecked, this ability alone will let you win.
Adding two red manas at once may seem small, but the turn you play her for four manas you still get to play a two-drop. If you untap with her you can accelerate to a six-drop or higher.
While taking loyalty away to directly deal with a creature is tough, hitting for 4 damage is enough to kill anything small.
If you can get to her emblem you're in great shape to win shortly thereafter, but realistically it's the other three options you'll be using game to game.
Chandra isn't going to be the most important part of any red deck in Standard, but her abilities and inevitability will force opponents to answer her. If they can't in short order, you're in business.
Another red card that sees plenty of Standard play returned from its original run in Torment: Fiery Temper.
Shadows over Innistrad brought the madness mechanic back, and one of the best impressions of Lightning Bolt came with it. Fiery Temper is fuel for decks looking to take advantage of madness, and thanks to the mechanic's focus and enablers in both Shadows over Innistrad and Eldritch Moon, it's easy to see why any plans to discard cards will include it.
And since it's an instant, you already know how it plays well as a counter to plenty of other Standard strategies. What puts Fiery Temper into an interesting position is that it can also hit players directly, setting up game-ending plays opponents won't see coming.
Three multicolor cards using red are worth a nod as well, each pulling a red-based Standard deck in different directions:
Voltaic Brawler is a powerhouse in a deck that cares about energy. The ability to hit really hard beginning on the third turn along with playing nicely with Harnessed Lightning pushes toward a Red-Green Energy deck with explosive potential.
Veteran Motorist makes Vehicles better, and Vehicles like Smuggler's Copter are already very good. It's powerful enough to crew all the best Vehicles, and providing a scry 2 after hitting the battlefield means it's worth casting even without something to pilot. If you like that, White-Red Vehicles decks are where you go next.
Unlicensed Disintegration is a feature of two decks for, oddly, the same reasons. It's a universal answer against creatures at instant speed, delighting control and aggro decks alike. Shota Yasooka's Grixis Control headlined his victory at Pro Tour Kaladesh, and Black-Red Aggro appreciates the ability to kill things getting in the way as well. [Editor's note: An earlier version of this article stated that Unlicensed Disintegration destroyed artifacts. This error has been corrected.]
What Else Can We Do?
The proven Standard tools in red are already enough to follow for a powerful deck, but there are other cards waiting in the wings for the right mind to put to use. The foremost is Combustible Gearhulk.
Combustible Gearhulk is a challenging card to work with. Giving your opponent the choice of whether to take three cards worth of damage or let you draw three more is a "punisher" mechanic, and you can count on your opponent always choosing the one that will help them more than help you.
The secret to unlocking the power of the red Gearhulk is to ensure neither choice is great for your opponent. Delirium decks can use something like Emrakul, the Promised End to ensure that if the cards go to the opponent's face they regret it, but if drawn you're already working at making it castable for far less than thirteen manas.
Combining this with things like Sin Prodder or Scourge Wolf puts the pressure on opponents regardless of their choices.
For flying high, Goldnight Castigator has seen hints of Standard action too.
The Angel is, at a glance, and efficient 4/9 body. Getting around the drawback is the key bit, and it's possible through a deck that hits fast enough. There are a few ways to ensure you accelerate hard, so adding in something like Reckless Bushwhacker and some token generators would allow you to explode before opponents take advantage of the Angel's drawback.
Another card waiting for its moment to return is, well, Kozilek's Return.
When ramp decks—decks that cast spells to get lands onto the battlefield faster—were all the rage, it was because Eldrazi were dominating the format. Recently it's been Emrakul, the Promised End leading the way in decks that don't try to artificially get ahead on the land count.
If you wanted to bring back Hedron Archive and Sylvan Scrying, quickly building up to Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger or World Breaker, you'll want to be able to defend yourself early and late with Kozilek's Return.
Putting it All Together
Red is a critical piece of the current Standard landscape, providing the tools a variety of decks need. Even better, it can stand alone as a deck unto itself as Robert Leader proved making the Top 8 of TCGplayer.com's New Jersey Standard State Championship:
Leader's list puts all of red's best tools into one shell.
This deck is straightforward, and each piece builds on the other:
Insolent Neonate and Falkenrath Gorger are first-turn plays, with Thermo-Alchemist and Speedway Fanatic right behind them. Early, powerful creatures put opponents on a fast clock and force answers out of their hand early.
A bevy of burn spells, along with some madness synergy, let you pile the damage up faster than opponents can answer.
Bedlam Reveler and Geier Reach Sanitarium play off each other, as enabling madness or otherwise getting more instant and sorcery cards into the graveyard should pay off for you.
The sideboard is a multi-box of the best you can do with red, including more madness synergy (Lightning Axe), a powerful way to stop other aggressive decks (Weaver of Lightning), and even the explosive power of Goldnight Castigator to speed things up if needed.
Of course, red is established in Standard, so taking a look at the most common options is important too. We'll start with Reid Duke's recent StarCityGames.com Classic–winning White-Red Vehicles:
Duke's deck is the evolution of the standout aggressive deck of Pro Tour Kaladesh, and his choices reflect what he expected to battle in Baltimore. Here, red is more complimentary than primary, as it's multicolor cards like Depala, Pilot Exemplar and Veteran Motorist that power up Vehicles.
Harnessed Lightning makes its obvious appearance, but the addition of Chandra, Torch of Defiance gives this deck a wrinkle against slower decks without good ways to pressure planeswalkers. Reckless Bushwhacker also gets in on the action, dramatically changing the combat math right before declaring attackers. And thanks to Standard's abundant—and great—enemy color pair dual lands, this type of aggressive deck makes spells easy to cast, too.
Another red-plus-a-color deck worth considering is Red-Black Madness, as Mogged took to a recent 5-0 Competitive Standard League finish:
Black-Red Madness is a deck that works thanks to Cathartic Reunion. By discarding away creatures you want in your graveyard, you end of having plenty of madness spells to cast. The cards in your graveyard are outlets to discard too, and chaining Fiery Temper to get back Haunted Dead, which also gets back Prized Amalgam, is powerful.
Another Magic Online user, Matsume, brought the energetic side of red to bear for 5-0 victory in a Competitive Standard League:
Cards liker Voltaic Brawler and Lathnu Hellion are best when paired with more energy sources, something that's abundant in green. By pushing through early damage, it's possible to set up an Incendiary Flow victory or a well-timed Chandra, Torch of Defiance to make decisions difficult for opponents.
Out of the sideboard, Radiant Flames can reach 3 damage to every creature (thanks, again Aether Hub!), giving you the option to mop up an opponent's aggressive deck before settling in to explode with your own.
What Comes Next?
Finding the Friday Night Magic or Standard Showdown near you comes next, as regardless of the flavor of red deck you put together, you'll want to find your local game store to take it to. Battling alongside friends, getting the camaraderie and feedback that only comes with in-person play, and learning a format all add up to an unforgettable experience.
Practicing on Magic Online is also a great idea, as you can quickly find a variety of opponents and far more deck variety than in your typical one-shot tournament at your local game store. Learning the ins and out of your deck quietly, away from others, is a safe way to make mistakes without it being the end of your Magic day.
After all that, it's really up to you. Once you've mastered the power of Mountains, you'll be an unstoppable force—or at least one that leaves opponents a little burned after playing you. Don't ever turn the heat down.
Standard Showdown is four-week event celebrating all that is Standard, with local tournaments, cool prizes, and opportunities for bragging rights and brewing.
Looking for a Standard Showdown tournament near you? Use this locator to find your nearest store hosting one of these fun events.
Find Now !
Already been to an event and crushed it? Submit your name, decklist, record, store where you played, and any fun photos you have at standardshowdown@wizards.com or by filling out the form below.
Please enable javascript!
LATIFA ATIKAOAMANI, an election official, has just started counting ballot papers. All day, the teaching supervisor and her wards have been helping women to vote in a classroom in Sarghuna High School in central Kabul.
She tallies each vote from piles of paper sorted according to the candidates in Afghanistan's presidential election. From behind a cordon, three young election agents watch carefully.
Ninety-two women voted in Ms Atikaoamani's classroom. Of that number, 58 voted for Hamid Karzai, the current president, who has led Afghanistan since the Taliban regime was ousted in 2001.
In second place came Abdullah Abdullah, the former foreign minister, with 19 votes. Trailing the leaders were Ashraf Ghani, a finance minister and former World Bank official, and Ramazan Bashardost, an anti-corruption campaigner.
In the section of the school reserved for men's voting, the story was much the same. In one classroom, a large pile of ballots was accumulating for Mr Karzai, beside a more modest one for Mr Abdullah. Preliminary results in the presidential election are expected on Monday.
The poll at the girls' school falls in line with polls conducted ahead of the election. It also concurs with predictions by senior diplomats in Kabul that Mr Karzai has a good chance of winning outright in the first round, thereby avoiding a run-off.
However, a low turnout in yesterday's election, even in central Kabul, where security was tight, is likely to undermine the legitimacy of the result. The Independent Election Commission predicted a 50 per cent turnout, but a considerably more slight vote threatens to give the losing candidates grounds to launch challenges.
It also plays into the hands of Taliban insurgents, who have urged people not to vote and who terrorised the ballot, which they claim is stage-managed by the US.
“The number of voters is particularly low. It doesn't really compare with previous elections,” says Sayed Omar, an election observer and mathematics lecturer at King Fahd University in Saudi Arabia.
“I'm very surprised. Some say it's because of security worries. Others say it's because people have no interest,” Mr Omar added. “The government has done much bribery and people don't trust the elections. [There are so few voters that] it's like the people are dead.”
He has heard that some polling stations in the Kabul area even closed by noon.
Mr Omar will be dumbfounded if Mr Karzai wins. He cites the inability of Mr Karzai's government to spend money on improving basic services. Similar complaints have been voiced by Mr Karzai's political opponents, who bemoan electricity shortages, bad roads and poor standards of education.
“This area is one of the richest in the country. But look at the [broken] chairs that our daughters have to sit on. Look at the lights. This is the best school in Kabul but it's worse than it was 40 years ago,” he says.
Not everyone agrees. Farida Nikzad, a high school graduate, said she was voting for Mr Karzai because life in Kabul was getting better.
Senior international election observers said turnout among the nearly five million registered voters varied considerably in different parts of the country.
“It's going to be a lot of different elections – the question is how to put them all together,” said an observer with the National Democratic Institute, a US not-for-profit group. “It's a really mixed bag in terms of normalcy, violence and low voter turnout.”
He pointed to difficulties in provinces in the southern Pashtun belt, such as Khost, Paktika and Paktiya. He added that voting in the north of the country, which has largely been spared the insurgency, had also been disrupted.
If turnout was disappointing in the capital, it was far worse in the provinces. Insurgent attacks continued unabated across the country, in spite of efforts by the government to buy temporary peace on election day.
In Kabul, rocket and bomb attacks were reported. In the Afghan capital's District 8, a rocket-propelled grenade was fired at a polling station. In the ensuing gunfight, which lasted for two hours, three militants were killed, said an eye-witness.
“The Taliban deployed in small cells. It seemed that they were creating diversionary tactics,” said one security expert.
In Kandahar, the police said 28 incidents had taken place before noon. These included Taliban attacks on three checkpoints and rocket fire into Kandahar city, killing three civilians. Two roadside bombs exploded in polling stations, while 12 roadside bombs were deactivated in the city.
In District 10, a poorer yet peaceful suburb of Kabul, the turnout was a little better than expected. Fifty-two women came to the polling station staffed by Malalai Anwry, a psychology student at Kabul University, by midday. Ms Anwry said more women, who usually work at home, had come to the polling station than she had expected, but she also said Afghanistan's turbulent history cast a long shadow over its people that was difficult to shake off with democracy. “Many people have lots of problems in the mind,” she said.
“There were 10 years of fighting and the Taliban regime was hard weather for them – for women.”
As yesterday's vote shows, the country's “hard weather” has yet to lift. – (Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2009)
President Obama vented his displeasure at the media and the way the presidential campaign has been covered at a Hillary Clinton-less campaign rally for Hillary Clinton. Obama ventured out on the campaign trail for the Democratic presidential nominee Tuesday in Philadelphia by himself, Clinton is on bedrest for contracting pneumonia.
"Guys in the back, I'm just telling you the truth about how I feel about this," Obama said, giving the media a heads-up before he excoriated them.
"I'm not running this time but I sure do get frustrated with the way this campaign is covered. I'm just telling the truth. Guys in the back, I'm just telling you the truth about how I feel about this," he said.
"Do you mind if I just vent for a second?" the president asked the crowd.
Obama said the media lets Trump reap disqualifying comments over and over again and then "just gives up."
"Donald Trump says stuff every day that used to be considered as disqualifying for being president," Obama said. "And yet because he says it over and over and over again, the press just gives up and then you say, well, yeah, you know, okay. They did stuff -- 'I was opposed to the war in Iraq.' Well, actually, he wasn't, but they just accept it."
PRESIDENT OBAMA: So, my most important message is we cannot take this election for granted. We've got to fight for this thing. There are serious issues at stake in this election behind all the frivolous stuff that gets covered every day.
Let me just make a comment about that, because -- look, I'm not running this time but I sure do get frustrated with the way this campaign is covered. I'm just telling the truth. Guys in the back, I'm just telling you the truth about how I feel about this. Do you mind if I just vent for a second?
You know, the -- you don't grade the presidency on a curve. This is serious business. And when we see folks talking about transparency. You want to debate transparency? You've got one candidate in this race who's released decade's worth of her tax returns. The other candidate is the first in decades to refuse to release any at all. You want to debate foundations and charities? One candidate's family foundation has saved countless lives around the world. The other candidate's foundation took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot tall painting of himself.
I mean, you know, he had the taste not to go for the ten-foot version. You want to debate who's more fit to be our president? One candidate who's traveled to more countries than any secretary of state ever has, has more qualifications than pretty much anyone who's ever run for this job, and the other who isn't fit in any way, shape or form to represent this country abroad and be its commander-in-chief.
So, somehow as things go on because we've become so partisan, our standards for what's normal have changed. And Donald Trump says stuff every day that used to be considered as disqualifying for being president. And yet because he says it over and over and over again, the press just gives up and then you say, well, yeah, you know, okay. They did stuff -- 'I was opposed to the war in Iraq.' Well, actually, he wasn't, but they just accept it.
Most people training for a race or sport focus on adding more miles, workouts or weight training to improve their fitness. But new research suggests that simply getting more sleep can improve athletic performance.
The small study included five members of the Stanford women's tennis team. For two to three weeks, the athletes maintained their regular schedules, sleeping and working out as usual. They took part in sprinting and hitting drills to measure their performance. Then the players were told to extend their sleep to 10 hours a night for five to six weeks.
After increasing sleep, the athletes performed better on all the drills. Sprinting drill times dropped on average to 17.56 seconds from 19.12 seconds. Hitting accuracy, measured by valid serves, improved to 15.61 serves, up from 12.6 serves, and a hitting depth drill improved to 15.45 hits, up from 10.85 hits.
The findings were presented last week at the Annual Meeting of the Associated Professional Sleep Societies. The study was small, and some of the improvement may have been the result of additional practice time. However, the size of the change suggests the athletes received a direct benefit from more sleep.
The study's lead author, Cheri Mah, a researcher at the Stanford Sleep Disorders Clinic and Research Laboratory at Stanford University, said the athletes who took part in the study also felt better and realized for the first time the real effect sleep could have on performance.
Katherine Hobson, who writes the “On Fitness” column for U.S. News and World Report, said she decided to hang up her running shoes and catch up on sleep during a recent vacation.
I expected my first run back in Brooklyn to be a death march. Instead, I felt the best and went the fastest that I have in weeks. One possible explanation came to mind: I erased my chronic sleep debt on vacation, thanks to sleeping in as long as I wanted in the mornings and napping most afternoons, which made me extremely well rested when I took that run.
Over at Runner's World, Mark Remy notes that many runners focus on “carb-loading” before a race, but perhaps they should also try “sleep-loading.”
We runners obsess over speed work, long runs, tempo runs, hill runs, lactate threshold, resting heart rate, carbs, protein, recovery drinks, stretching, massage, ice baths, shoes, technical fabrics, gels, and about a hundred other variables. But most of us, I bet, don't give sleep a second thought. It's crazy, if you think about it. How can we expect to run well if we can't stop yawning?
What do you think? Have you noticed a difference in your workouts depending on how much or how well you sleep?
President Trump informed FBI Director James Comey he had been dismissed on May 9, stemming from a conclusion by Justice Department officials that he had mishandled the probe of Hillary Clinton's emails. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
Nineteen hours after ProPublica reported that James B. Comey delivered inaccurate testimony during a congressional hearing last week, President Trump fired the FBI director Tuesday.
On its face, the president's move is unsurprising. ProPublica's report, later confirmed by The Washington Post, seemed like a fatal blow to Comey's already-damaged credibility.
Yet, Trump's swift decision came with an ironic twist: ProPublica based its report on information provided by unnamed sources. Trump claims to hate anonymous sources with a passion, and his White House often casts reports that cite them as inherently unreliable.
[Trump administration rule on anonymous sources: Okay for us, not so okay for you]
“They shouldn't be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody's name,” Trump said of the press, during a lengthy tirade against the media at the Conservative Political Action Conference in February. “Let their name be put out there. Let their name be put out.”
In the same address, he also said this:
A few days ago I called the fake news the enemy of the people. And they are. They are the enemy of the people. Because they have no sources. They just make 'em up when there are none. I saw one story recently where they said, “Nine people have confirmed.” There're no nine people. I don't believe there was one or two people. Nine people. And I said, “Give me a break.” Because I know the people, I know who they talk to. There were no nine people. But they say “nine people.” And somebody reads it, and they think, “Oh, nine people. They have nine sources.” They make up sources. They're very dishonest people.
Trump was referring to The Washington Post's Feb. 9 report that Michael Flynn, a national security adviser at the time, had discussed lifting U.S. sanctions on Russia with that country's ambassador to the United States, contrary to what the White House had said publicly.
1 of 22 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Who is FBI Director James Comey? View Photos A look at the career of FBI Director James Comey. Caption James B. Comey, the head of the bureau since 2013, was dismissed by President Trump on May 9, 2017. March 15, 2017 FBI Director James B. Comey leaves a closed-door meeting with senators about President Trump's allegations of wiretapping at Trump Tower during the 2016 election at the Capitol in Washington. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Despite his bluster at CPAC, Trump knew the report was accurate. He asked Flynn to resign.
And the veracity of the ProPublica report was reinforced by a letter the FBI sent to Congress Tuesday correcting Comey's testimony. Trump then fired Comey, citing his handling of an investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server.
It is difficult to say for sure whether Trump would have removed Flynn and Comey without the media reports — or whether he would have removed them when he did. But in Flynn's case, the Post report thrust unflattering information into the public eye and put pressure on Trump to act. And in Comey's case, the ProPublica report made it easier for Trump to oust the FBI director without appearing to obstruct an investigation of his campaign.
[Trump seemed to want an excuse to fire James Comey. Then Comey gave it to him.]
Maybe the rest of us shouldn't believe Trump the next time he says that anonymously sourced reports can't be trusted.
Hi! It's timotimo again and this week we're pretty stoked to present some really neat stuff to you!
jnthn implemented finalizer support (giving your classes a DESTROY method or submethod that will be invoked when the object gets collected by the GC) on MoarVM and exposed it to rakudo. Now nine will be in a much better position to work on the Inline::Perl5 module!
Speaking of Inline::Perl5, carlin contributed changes to the module that make it installable via Panda, so it doesn't require any manual work any more.
brrt implemented a little function to force a GC run on MoarVM. It's not meant for performance tuning, though. Its main purpose is to help write test cases that check the behavior of DESTROY methods and similar things.
MoarVM now properly reports errors when mallocing memory fails instead of just crashing, thanks to carlin.
carlin also fixed up some cases where signedness vs. unsignedness caused branches to always or never be taken in MoarVM's guts.
brrt taught the JIT log to write out where inlines happened in the code.
I implemented bindattrs_* (bind a value to an instance's attribute given a string that's not known at compile time) and getattrs_* in the JIT.
MoarVM's GC used to run a full collection through nursery and old generation every 25 runs. Now it counts how much data has been promoted to the old generation since the last time a full collection was done and bases the decision on that fact. I started the patch, jnthn gave it the finishing touches.
cognominal worked on the Synopsis 99 a whole lot. If you're ever puzzled by lingo from the Perl 6 community (for example on this blog), this document lends you a helping hand.
The usual assortment of spec test improvements have also happened, of course.
In the ecosystem, leont contributed a TAP::Harness module and grondilu added Clifford, a geometric algebra module and btyler built a NativeCall binding to “discount”, a markdown compiler.
Another topic that got a lot of attention by the devs this week is performance of specific things that were currently implemented quite sub-optimally and gave users a very bad experience in common usage scenarios:
All it takes for the devs to start a little performance hack-a-thon is a good, reproducable benchmark with a comparison to another language.
Until The Big List Refactor has happened, the performance of lists, list iteration, lazy lists and so on are going to be suboptimal, as we almost always pay the price for a fully lazy list generation, even when the iteration can be identified to be eager.
Another thing to note is that the name “DESTROY” is not yet final. There's some discussion about it still, because calling it DESTROY may give people familiar with perl5 a bad idea. As opposed to a reference counted implementation (like CPython or perl5), fully garbage-collected implementations (like PyPy and Rakudo) cannot guarantee that your DESTROY methods are called soon after the object becomes unreachable. The DESTROY method may not even be called at all if the interpreter shuts down before that particular object gets collected. If you want your destruction timely and guaranteed, you'll have to “do it yourself”.
Either way, it's been a great week for both performance and feature advances. I'll be back in a week, or maybe I'll run benchmarks tonight and just publish an out-of-schedule post here with my results 🙂
See you around!
Advertisements
Amy Chan | Asian HYPHEN American Chances Are | The trouble with calling Asian Americans “bananas”
My best friend and I throw around the term “banana” all the time. We see an Asian girl who only hangs out with white people, and we call her “banana!” I forget to take my shoes off when I enter his house, and he goes, “banana!” Then we laugh hysterically at how funny we think we are.
“Banana” is an intrinsically troublesome term. A “banana” is a person who is yellow on the outside and white on the inside. A lot of Asians use it to describe Asian Americans who seem to betray their heritage by “acting white” all the time. In general, “acting white” means only hanging with white people and having no interest in Asian culture.
Up until college, I had never used the word at all. I grew up in the South, in a mostly white community. I guess you could say I was one of those “bananas.” My white friends called me “wasian,” because I only ever hung out with white people.
Regardless, I never felt white myself. My friends constantly reminded me of how Asian I was. Once, we were sitting around giving each other cute nicknames for the colors of our skin. My half-black, half-white friend got “dulce de leche”. My blonde-haired, blue-eyed friend got “white chocolate”. When they came around to naming me, my blonde friend screamed, “Duck sauce!” She played it off like she was joking with my other friend, but I knew. So did he. He immediately chastised her for it.
When I came to Penn, I gravitated towards the Asian community. I won't lie; I didn't want to. Growing up, I was fed all these criticisms from my white friends about how sad it is that Asians group together. “You're different, Amy” they said. “You even look less Asian!” I'm ashamed to say that I considered that a compliment at the time.
I wanted to be white. Sometimes, I still do. However, at Penn, I found that the people I connected with most easily were Asian. I consciously tried to avoid it, even rushing Panhellenic sororities, but no group other than akDPhi — one of the Asian sororities — wanted me. So I fell into the Asian community's open arms.
I began to push down the side of me that wanted to be white, and I assumed pride in my Asian identity. The problem is that I took that pride too far. I began to condemn Asian people who were “white-passing”, who, in my mind, had turned their back on their heritage. I called them “bananas” and I hated them. Was that hate a natural outflow of pride in my culture?
No, I realized. It wasn't. It was bitter jealousy because they had done something I couldn't. They had been accepted by the white community where I hadn't been. I started to see that there was something wrong in using the word “banana”.
To me, “banana” has a connotation of hate. When I use it, it is to criticize, to judge, to condescend. To make myself feel better. It is that feeling behind the word that makes it so dangerous. And if others are using it in that way, then we only spread more hatred.
Sign up for our newsletter Get our newsletter, Dear Penn, delivered to your inbox every weekday morning. Sign Up
There is a more fundamental problem in saying that someone is “white” on the inside. When we say that someone is acting “white,” what does that even mean? Did that person suddenly change his genetics? Or because this person likes to eat hamburgers, connects with friends who happen to be white, then he acts “white?” It's another dangerous assumption to make. It leads to appropriation, and it leads to segregation. White people don't own American culture. When you say that eating hamburgers is white, then does that mean I'm not allowed to do it because I am Asian? Race is being confused with culture. Then that leads to encouraging races not to integrate for fear of losing cultural purity.
No matter what I do, it will never change the color of my skin. I can never forget my heritage, because I am reminded of it every time I look in the mirror. I was raised in America, I adopted American traditions and that's not a bad thing. I am allowed to love American TV shows, I am allowed to prefer steak but I am also allowed to love chicken feet. I am Asian-American. That's the beauty of a hyphen identity.
AMY CHAN is a College junior from Augusta, Ga., studying English and classics. Her email address is chanamy@sas.upenn.edu. “Chances Are” usually appears every other Wednesday.
PennConnects
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Please note All comments are eligible for publication in The Daily Pennsylvanian.
Stacy Revere/Getty Images
LSU was slated to open its regular-season slate Saturday against McNeese State in Baton Rouge, but inclement weather postponed the tune-up game for the 13th-ranked Tigers.
According to Gannett Louisiana's Glenn Guilbeau, the Sept. 5 game was cancelled after storms loaded with lightning prevented the clash from continuing past the 10:08 mark of the first quarter. The game was scoreless at the time of the suspension.
The latest the game could have resumed was midnight, per Guilbeau, but the weather didn't let up and officials were forced to send both teams home.
There are no plans to reschedule the game, according to LSU Football on Twitter, so it appears as though Les Miles' team will play an 11-game regular season starting next Saturday on the road against Mississippi State.
"To the fans, thanks for coming and being a part," LSU head coach Les Miles said, via LSU Football. "We tried. We gave every consideration to playing."
On Sept. 9, LSU athletic director Joe Alleva said the school planned to refund tickets, and that the cancellation would cost the school somewhere between $1.2 and $3.2 million, according to Scott Rabalais and Sheldon Mickelson of the New Orleans Advocate.
“In the end, we believe that issuing the refund is quite simply the right thing to do in this case,” Alleva said, per Rabalais and Mickelson “We have a plan in place that fairly reimburses fans who purchased tickets through our ticket office.”
Bleacher Report's Barrett Sallee indicated LSU could be in trouble as a result of Saturday's events:
Matched up against a talented Bulldogs team led by quarterback Dak Prescott, the Tigers will need to channel their frustration from Saturday's suspension into a complete effort against a tough SEC foe.
KARACHI (Reuters) - Sea breezes brought lower temperatures on Friday to ease a heat wave that killed more than 1,150 people around Pakistan's teeming port city of Karachi during the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan.
People are seen bathing while others cool off from the heat as they are sprayed with water jetting out from a leaking water pipeline in Karachi, Pakistan, June 25, 2015. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro
Mass funerals were held for 50 unidentified victims on Friday before their bodies were hastily buried.
The extreme heat of up to 44 degrees Celsius (111 Fahrenheit) - the hottest since 1981 - coincided with power failures and triggered sharp criticism of the government's response in the city of 20 million people.
On Friday, the daily high temperature was about 36 degree Celsius (97 Fahrenheit), according to Dr Mohammad Hanif of the Director National Weather Forecasting Centre.
The power outages left many without fans, water or light at the beginning of Ramadan, when many Muslims do not eat or drink during daylight hours.
“By Friday, at least 1,150 people have died in the government-run hospitals,” said Anwar Kazmi of the Edhi Foundation, a private charity that runs a network of ambulances and morgues.
The stench of rotting corpses pervaded one of those morgues on Friday as workers offered funeral prayers for 50 victims.
Afterwards, workers removed the bodies from a hallway so full it was hard to walk through and then piled them into ambulances to be taken to a graveyard.
“We waited for three days for any claimants to come forward, and now we are going to bury the 50 bodies,” Edhi's Amanullah Khan told Reuters, adding that some of the victims appeared to be homeless.
“Before we bury them, we take photographs and issue tag numbers in case any claimants turn up later and can identify the body.”
The crisis - following a heat wave in India last month that killed about 2,500 people - illustrates how ill-prepared many developing nations are for the extreme weather conditions that scientists say will accompany global climate change in coming decades.
“These type of events are taking place across the world ... we need to prepare ourselves and develop our strategy,” said Qamar uz Zaman Chaudhry, the Islamabad-based special adviser for Asia to the UN-World Meteorological Organization.
“It's time to learn lessons, instead of getting into the blame game.”
Pakistan's national and local political parties have blamed one another for the crisis, while much of the relief was provided by the powerful military and private charities such as the Edhi Foundation.
How Rocket Engines Work
Matt Simmons Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 1, 2014
How do rocket engines work? Very well, usually. Thanks for asking.
Ba-dum Tiss.
Seriously though, it might not be a bad idea to talk about the basics of how rockets work so that other, more detailed information about spaceflight makes sense. I'm most definitely not an expert, but I'm happy to teach what I know, and I'm even happier to be taught, so if you know of something I've written that's wrong, just shoot me a line.
The very basics:
Newton's laws are pretty clear. An object at rest stays at rest, and an object in motion stays in motion (unless acted upon by an outside force). Here on Earth, we get kind of a biased intuition about those things, because
A) we are surrounded by air, and air is something, so objects are acted upon by it, and
B)We're attached to a giant rock, which has gravity, and gravity is an outside force that we don't ever see but take for granted. So that skews our perception of what “rest” and “motion” mean (even though they're all relative anyway).
If you were in some kind of environment in microgravity, like the ISS, and you had managed to sneak aboard with one of those compressed-air t-shirt launching guns that cheerleaders use at football stadiums (like the one that killed poor Mrs Flanders on The Simpsons), and went outside on a space walk and you brought the launcher, you'd get in a lot of trouble. But before you got in trouble, you could have some fun. If you shot a t-shirt, you would get propelled backwards as the t-shirt got propelled forwards. That's because the t-shirt pushed as hard on your gun (and you) as your gun did on the t-shirt. Equal and opposite reactions.
If you had a large amount of compressed air and t-shirts, you could drive yourself around the ISS (or anywhere else in microgravity, for that matter). Granted, it would be slow, because while the t-shirt is shot out with enough force to hurl it to the top of the stands, you have a lot more mass (and therefore more inertia) than the shirt, so you won't go as fast.
Sadly, though, you don't have infinite t-shirts or infinite compressed air. You only have what you can hold, so eventually you'll run out. Alas, it's probably for the best that you don't have so many, because t-shirts and compressed air might be (virtually) weightless in microgravity, but they still have mass, just like you do, so they have inertia, just like you do. The more t-shirts and gas you carry (and thus the more mass you have), the less effect each launched t-shirt has on you. More t-shirts gives you more fuel to push with, but it also loads you with more mass, so you have to push more anyway to get the same result.
This relationship is called the “tyranny of the rocket”, and it's a very real problem that rocket scientists have to deal with.
So we've figured out that you have a number of t-shirts and an amount of compressed air, and that you and your fuel together have a certain amount of mass. As it turns out, we can use this information to figure out how fast you can go, as long as we know how hard each t-shirt is pushed away from you. Like this:
Suppose each t-shirt has a kilogram of mass (these are really big t-shirts — 2.2lbs!). We know that when you shoot a shirt, it comes out of the barrel at 1 kilometer per minute, or 60 kilometers per hour. We have also checked, and the gun uses 100 grams (0.1kg) of air for each shot. You, your space suit, and the gun together have a mass of 100kg, so you should eat something when you're done with this exercise, maybe.
When we start, you've got 10 shirts, and 1 kg of compressed air. You have enough air for 10 shots, and when you're out of air, you'll be out of shirts. This is a balanced fuel mixture. That's good, because any extra of either is wasted mass, and wasted mass is wasted fuel.
Now, you shoot the first shirt. It goes flying out of your barrel at 1km/min, your mass goes down by 1.1kg (because of the t-shirt and the air), and you go flying backwards…but by how much? Lets find out.
If you started out with 100kg, and a shirt is 1kg, and the shirt moves at 60km/hour, you will have 1/100th the effect, so you'll start moving backwards at 0.6km/hr, or 0.01km/m. That's pretty pokey. But wait, you don't have 100kg of mass anymore. You've got 98.9 because the shirt and gas have been expended, so really, you're going at 0.606km/hr, just a bit faster than we thought. And when you fire again, you'll only have a mass of 97.8kg, so you'll be accelerated by 0.613km/hr. And since you were already going backwards at 0.606km/hr, you're now headed backwards at 1.219km/hr. Pretty soon, we'll be talking about some real speed!
Hall Effect thruster. A special electrical engine that relies on repelling xenon ions. Read more at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hall_effect_thruster
This change in velocity that we're talking about is called DeltaV (Delta for the greek letter Delta, is the symbol for change, and the V is for velociraptors, as far as I can tell. Someone else told me that it was velocity, but who are you going to trust, me or some person I don't even remember?). The amount of DeltaV a rocket has is measured in speed, and its value is determined by the relationship of the mass of the rocket and the mass (and efficiency) of the fuel.
So, if we fire every t-shirt in our arsenal, and we're going backwards at 6.39km/hr, then that's the DeltaV for our “rocket” — 6.39km/hr.
Remember back to when I mentioned air? If you had done this exercise in an environment with an atmosphere, like inside the ISS, you would end up going slower than 6.39km/hr, because the shirt would still be pushing you, but you would also be pushing against the air. Since you're not at all aerodynamically shaped (sorry, you're just not), it's hard to tell exactly how fast you'd be going, but being shaped smoothly and tapered like a rocket helps decrease atmospheric drag, and increases your maximum speed in the end.
How much does it increase it? That depends on a lot of things. How much air we were dealing with, for instance. If we had the equivalent of sea level air pressure, that's a lot more air than if we had the equivalent of an airplane cabin, most of which are pressurized at 10,000ft or so). And even THAT'S a lot more pressure than if you were outside of the airplane cabin at the 40,000ft cruising altitude of a lot of jetliners.
Which, again, is more than you get at the Karman Line, the internationally-recognized beginnings of space. Even though it's still “space”, it's not a perfect vacuum. In fact, the atmosphere of the Earth stretches REALLY FAR OUT. Hundreds and thousands of kilometers, past the ISS, past the Hubble Space Telescope, and sometimes out past theVan Allen Radiation Belts.
Anyway, this “pushing away mass in order to go faster in the opposite direction” style-acceleration is called a mass-reaction engine. It's what basically every rocket engine has used, ever since the Chinese invented rockets centuries ago. In fact, if you think about it, every single method we know of to change our velocity relies on one thing: pushing off of something else.
If you're in a car, you're not using the internal combustion engine's exhaust to push you. Instead, you're using the explosive force to turn a crankshaft attached to wheels, and the wheels move you forward by relying on friction and pushing off the ground in the direction you want to go. This is why, even if you had wings on your car, you wouldn't be able to fly…the wheels would have no ground to push on.
Let's switch to propeller-driven aircraft or a propeller-driven boat. You have an internal combustion engine that's turning a screw (or, if you're on a big nuclear vessel, you've got a nuclear reaction producing heat that's boiling water, and the pressure from that steam is turning the screw), and the propeller is pushing off of water or air to move the craft forward. This is why airplanes (and boats) won't move in space. There's no medium for them to push against.
Consider also jet-driven boats and airplanes. Both engines take in the fluid (either air or water), and accelerate it (though a turbo pump or through burning fuel), and expel it out the back faster than it came in. By pushing it out faster than it came in, the vessel is pushed forward faster, in an equal and opposite reaction. We're getting closer now to rocketry, but if you take a jet engine into space, there's no air or water for it to accelerate, so it doesn't work.
So since there's no medium that we can (or at least, that we know how to) push off in the vacuum of space, we have to bring our own mass, and throw it away from us. In the previous example, we used t-shirts and compressed air, and we said that we could accelerate the t-shirt to 60km/hr. What if we could change that to 600km/hr? Because of the whole “equal and opposite” thing, we would also need to change the other side of the equation, and we would find ourselves moving at over 6km/hr from a single shirt!
It's probably not possible for 100g of compressed air to do this, sadly, so this isn't realistic, but what you can see from this relationship is that the faster you expel the mass in the back, the faster you move forward, at least when taking into account the mass of the fuel and so on.
Here's a table of the more common fuel mixtures that are used in rocketry, along with the energy that they can produce. T-shirts and compressed air aren't listed, clearly because they haven't caught on yet. The table is from a Rocket and Space Technology page.
Bayern Munich are giving serious consideration to making a January move for Monaco winger Thomas Lemar, according to reports in the German media.
The France winger was the subject of interest from both Arsenal and Liverpool during the summer transfer window, with the Gunners reported to have had a club record £92million bid accepted for the player.
Jurgen Klopp was also reported to be interested as Barcelona hovered over Philippe Coutinho, but the player ended up staying with Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev explaining they needed to keep Lemar after selling a number of other stars this summer.
The duo have again been linked with Lemar ahead of the January transfer window, while Manchester United are also reported to be plotting a possible swoop for the 21-year-old by paying him a huge £250,000 a week.
However, the greatest threat to Arsenal and Liverpool's hopes of landing Lemar could come from Bayern Munich, with Kicker reporting that Bavaria are considering making a move for him.
With Jupp Heynches replacing Carlo Ancelotti at the Allianz Arena, it's claimed the new boss is ready to send summer loan signing James Rodriguez back to Real Madrid – and he already wants Lemar as his replacement.
Rodriguez joined Bavaria on a two-year loan with a view to making the move permanent, but it's claimed Heynckes does not fancy him and is exploring the idea of bringing the deal to a premature end. The Colombian has scored once in three Bundesliga appearances so far for the Bavarians.
Bayern have been criticised in the past for not spending vast sums and competing with European football's biggest clubs, but any move for Lemar would emphatically end that talk.
NEW DELHI: Prosperous Dalits and the financially well-off from other sections should voluntarily stop availing quotas like a large number of rich who are surrendering subsidised gas cylinders under the Pahal scheme, Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) member Chirag Paswan said."In my opinion, people coming from decent financial background should leave reservation. That will help others from their community avail the opportunity to grow and do better. Actually, those who are in dire need of reservation will get the maximum benefit," the first-time MP from Bihar told TOI in an exclusive interview. Though Paswan said the decision should be prompted by self-realisation rather than the force of law, his remarks are likely to spark a lively debate.The LJP legislator said he really hoped for the emergence of a "casteless" society. "That will be my ultimate goal. I come from Bihar where caste scenario dominates politics. UP and Bihar will have to play a key role to achieve this goal," he said.Responding to whether his party's ally BJP is trying to woo backward castes and Dalits in Uttar Pradesh and Punjab by appointing an OBC as president in UP and a Dalit in Punjab, the junior Paswan said, "People may question the timing of such appointments. But irrespective of this or eyeing certain voters, we must accept that there is now acknowledgement about bringing in more such leaders. BJP is trying to bring more talent from this section of society, which is a good sign. More such representations will bring major change in our polity."However, taking a dig at powerful Dalit leaders and former UP CM Mayawati, the young MP said she had absolute power during her rule. "If she wanted, she could have done a lot for the section she belongs to. But she concentrated more on building statues," Paswan said.
American Sniper is a big fat box-office hit. It has become a must-see movie, not just for star-spangled flag-wavers, Oscar completionists and plastic baby fetishists, but general audiences, too. Yes, the film is a legitimately well-made drama, and can be twisted to fit all sorts of personal and political agendas. But it's also surprisingly subversive. How? Because the filmmakers suggest that Chris Kyle is a bit of a fraud.
Many journalists, critics, and pundits have dissected Chris Kyle's actions; whether he was motivated by patriotism, racism, or deeper psychology problems. But no one seems to be talking about how he may have made a lot of this stuff up. Or at least the film allows for that interpretation.
Screenwriter Jason Hall takes a bit of creative license and introduces a fictional character – a rival sniper – who helps balance out Kyle's unfair superiority over the enemy, but also weakens what could have been a much more powerful allegory about the unjustness of the American invasion of Iraq. It's an effective (if not generic) dramatic addition, and justifies Kyle's need to return, time and time again, to a foreign country that poses no real threat to him or America. But it's also the narrative device that questions Kyle's self-identification as a sure-shot protector of the innocent.
The film doesn't try to completely discredit Kyle's kill count. But in the way it handles the enemy sniper storyline, the film does offer a subtle refutation of his heroic claims.
It's easy to buy Kyle's account of events as they're dramatized in American Sniper. In the final battle sequence, director Clint Eastwood shows us the al-Qaeda sniper being shot, and then lingers on the sniper's dead body. On paper, it sounds like a simple indulgence; an incredulous victory that elevates Kyle to superhero status. He's a man who can perform the impossible. But look carefully at the sober reactions of the supporting characters and the filming techniques used in this sequence. It's easy to conclude that Kyle doesn't actually kill the enemy sniper. He made it up. It was a fantasy.
There's plenty of evidence. When Kyle is being briefed for his last mission, he's told about a sniper picking off construction engineers on a building downtown. Kyle excitedly asks: “Is it Mustafa?”. But the commander answers with deference: “It can be whoever the fuck you need him to be.”
At this point, the audience, like Kyle, are craving a final confrontation. So of course we believe the sniper is Mustafa. But why the mystery? Why not have his commander at least acknowledge the possibility, or agree with the likelihood, of it being Kyle's proto-antagonist?
The trucks roll out and we get a beautiful aerial shot of Baghdad, trailing behind a drone that flies with dream-like ease. Once above the target building, however, the camera twists, a suspended musical note plays—a signal that things are about to take a turn for the worse. We get the feeling we're entering a nightmare.
Soon Kyle is on a rooftop, trying to figure out the enemy's location. Another U.S. soldier is shot. Kyle, realizing he's made a wrong assumption, scrambles to a new position. The filmmakers aren't just telling us that Kyle is fallible in his choices, but letting us know that Kyle is literally looking at this situation the wrong way.
Eastwood, however, cuts in close to assure the audience that, yes, of course it's Mustafa. Phew, right?
Kyle repositions to a convenient clearing in the roof. Over a mile away from his target, Kyle looks through his scope at the enemy's probable position. Even through a magnified sight, no one is visible at the other end. Kyle's commander points this out, and a point-of-view perspective shot reinforces this claim. It's impossible to see anyone at that distance. When asked for confirmation, we get an even closer view: still, no one is visible. Yet when asked, Kyle confirms, confidently asserting: “Oh, it's him.”
Kyle fires, and for the first time in the film Eastwood indulges in a bit of stylized slow-motion. This signals a departure from the grounded, realistic perspective he employs throughout the rest of the film.
We watch the bullet fly into the vast city. Crystal clear. Almost supernatural. But this is because we're now seeing things through Kyle's imagined perspective. The camera cuts to Mustafa in profile – also in dream-like slow motion – then we cut back to see the bullet disappear into the distance, out of Kyle's imagined sight.
The next few shot-reverse-shot close-ups provide the imaginary face-to-face confrontation Kyle craves. Then blood explodes onto a shawl behind the enemy's head. Kyle, looking into the distance, breathes a sign of relief. A moment later, his satisfaction is interrupted by the reality that he has given away their position to the insurgents below. His commander spells it out: “You just fucked us, Legend.”
As Kyle relaxes, a fellow solider (turned in the opposite direction as Kyle) responds with President Bush's famously assertive – and premature (ie. wrong) – Iraq War declaration: “Mission accomplished!” The forced enthusiasm stings with irony. Kyle's magic bullet would make Lee Harvey Oswald jealous.
From here, the film goes into full nightmare mode. A sandstorm rages over the final battle, completely obstructing the enemy and obscuring all clarity. This pathetic fallacy is used to muddy the visual palette and reflect a confused state of mind—one that comes from knowing that closure isn't simply a target you can hit. Especially when you're lying to yourself about the truth.
But would Eastwood really rely on such misdirection without introducing the idea of an unreliable protagonist sooner? Of course not. The dolly shot when Kyle is at home, staring blankly at a television that isn't turned on, is another clue that what he sees and what's happening aren't always the same thing. We hear the cacophony of a gun battle, but it's only the echoes in his head.
At the end of the film, when Kyle has supposedly transformed into a perfect father, he walks into the kitchen with a cocked hand-gun pointed as his wife. She might not sense the danger, but we sure as hell do. This isn't just foreshadowing of what's about to happen to Kyle, but a blatant reminder that he's still unhinged.
Even more telling is the sequence right before the sniper showdown. Look at the way Kyle is framed during the most emotionally charged scene in the film, when a small child picks up an RPG and aims it at U.S. troops. Kyle's spotter is also in the frame, but sitting back, staring blankly into the sky. This comes, oddly, right after Kyle has killed a man on the street. The spotter doesn't even sit up straight and look over the ledge to confirm the kill. Are we supposed to assume that Kyle is so prolific in killing that his fellow soldiers don't even react anymore? Is this second solider simply bored by war? Or are the filmmakers suggesting another imaginary battle being waged in Kyle's mind?
The answer lies with the viewer. And that's the real reason American Sniper is connecting with so many people. If you look close enough, Chris Kyle can be “whoever the fuck you need him to be.”
Authorities aiding the Iraqi Army and the coalition forces battling to wrest Mosul from the Islamic State group have managed to seize the archives of the terrorist group, and documents found there could very well reveal which countries, organisations or individuals funded them, and through which sources.
The group — also known as Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) or Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) — is currently cut off from most parts of Mosul, and primarily limited to the eastern part of the second-largest city in Iraq. Airstrikes by the coalition forces have destroyed all five bridges on the river Tigris that bifurcates the city, and so its eastern and western parts are isolated.
Now, according to a report in local news outlet Alsumaira News, the Iraqi intelligence has unearthed a veritable treasure trove of information about ISIS in the form of their archives, located in the village of Omar Kan, due south of the city of Mosul.
'Information bank'
According to the report, which was quoted by Iraqi News, a source said the materials seized included "computers, financial and agricultural registries, sale and rental contracts for farmlands taken over by the group and later rented out to its members for expensive rates under the name of the agricultural and animal resources authority."
The source said the place, which he referred to as an "information bank," contained "computerised information on the group's financial dealings with other countries." It has long been suspected that ISIS was backed by state players, whose funding and support allowed it to not only acquire state-of-the-art fighting equipment but also produce slick propaganda videos that swayed more than a few Western youngsters to its cause.
Foreign funds also reportedly helped the terrorist group set up bases outside Iraq and Syria, from where they used to bring in recruits. Many of the Gulf state countries, including Saudi Arabia, have been accused of supplying these funds. NATO member Turkey has also been accused of profiting from the illegal oil sale by ISIS in the black market.
Liverpool IWW condemns the council's proposed “Public Space Protection Order”, under which the homeless could be fined up to £1,000 for the ‘crime' of begging. We call on the people of Liverpool to show their opposition, by demonstrating at St Luke's bombed out church a week on Saturday (14th November) from 12 noon, and signing the Change.org petition, which already had nearly 7,000 signatures at the time of going to press.
It is shocking that we find ourselves in a position where we need to argue for the right of homeless people not to be fined for their poverty, but thanks to greedy mayor Joe Anderson this is exactly the situation we are in. No-one begs for the fun of it. People beg out of desperation, because our society has badly let them down. £1,000 would be a huge amount of money for any working class person, but for a homeless person it is almost unimaginable, and could never be paid.
If Liverpool Labour wanted people to stop begging, they would stop implementing policies which massively increase poverty in our city. Instead, they aim to criminalise deprivation, in order to create a corporate paradise in Liverpool One, the Central ‘Business Improvement District', and beyond. While Joe Anderson claims that his hands are tied by the Tory government when he makes spending cuts, it is his anti-homeless crusade which really shows what kind of man he is. Not content with using the police to starve homeless people out of a former bank a few months back, he now seeks to use crushing fines to force homeless people out of the city where they may well have family and friends.
On a different note, we worry that the proposed ban on “erecting unauthorised structures in public places such as gazebos, tents, tables and chairs, stages, temporary shelters, boxes and crates” will mean an attack on the free expression of those who want to speak or perform publicly, or distribute information.
But it's not too late for Anderson and co. to save face. We note that councils in Oxford, Hackney and Wycombe have proposed similar measures, only to abandon them when they've realised the depth of public opposition.
Our union, the Industrial Workers of the World, has a long history of both organising the homeless and fighting for free speech. We'll continue to do so as long as there is breath in our bodies.
Advertisements
Did you know it's possible to unlock your Nexus 5 bootloader without wiping user data? If your device has already been rooted and relocked for optimal security, then unlocking is just a button tap away thanks to the latest update to BootUnlocker. Support for Google's latest flagship phone was just added with an update to version 1.4 of the app from XDA member segv11. Sadly, both generations of the Nexus 7 from ASUS remain unsupported.
If you haven't heard about BootUnlocker, it's a simple utility app with a single purpose: toggling the locked state of the bootloader on supported Nexus devices. With the exception of the ASUS-built Nexus 7 (both 2012 and 2013 models), all recent Nexus devices (Galaxy Nexus and newer) have kept their lock state stored in a single memory location on the param (or misc) partition. By flipping that bit directly instead of using fastboot, your data will not be lost. Of course, this partition is normally write protected, thus the requirement that you already have root. By securing other avenues as thoroughly as possible, including a strong password on your lockscreen, you can enjoy the benefits of frequent modding while still ensuring nobody can mess with your device without wiping its data.
Yesterday's update to version 1.4 brings the welcome addition of Nexus 5 support. This brings the family of supported devices to 4, which includes the Galaxy Nexus, Nexus 10, Nexus 4, and now the Nexus 5. Of course, with each new update to the bootloader, it's possible for the memory location for the lock bit to be relocated, but this has yet to happen. Unfortunately, the bootloaders on the ASUS-made Nexus tablets use a more complicated mechanism to manage lock state. While it's possible to work around this, it requires recording individual locked and unlocked states for each device, a feature the developer isn't planning to add.
If you fall into the cross-section of people that is both security conscious and eager to flash mods and ROM updates regularly, then BootUnlocker is probably just what you're looking for. It's both open source and free in the Play Store.
Source: XDA
Tabris.js 1.7 is here, now! It features the ability to set rounded corners on widgets, a system bar theme for Android and iOS, simplified syntax for the creation of widgets and much more. Read on for the highlights!
Rounded corners on widgets
The new property cornerRadius allows you to apply a rounded clipping to the corners of a widget.
Round corners can be used to style any widget, such as Composite or imageView.
Check out the cornerRadius snippet on Github.
Stay tuned to our blog and you will soon learn how to use cornerRadius to create a fabulous Floating Action Button on Android :)
System bar theme
The theme of the system status bar can now be controlled using a new property systemBarTheme. Possible values are light, dark, and default. This property will control the foreground text and icons on the status bar. Note that a light theme will result in a dark foreground and vice-versa.
The system bar theme property is supported on iOS and Android 6+.
Check out the systemBarTheme snippet on GitHub.
New syntax: widget constructors
The syntax for creating widgets has gotten much simpler. Widgets now have their own constructors, so instead of:
tabris.create("ImageView", { image: "images/icon.png" }); 1 tabris . create ( "ImageView" , { image : "images/icon.png" } ) ;
you can write:
new tabris.ImageView({ image: "images/icon.png" }); 1 new tabris . ImageView ( { image : "images/icon.png" } ) ;
We encourage you to already start using the new syntax as tabris.create() will be deprecated in the upcoming 2.0 release.
ES6 support
With update to J2V8 4.0.0 which supports V8 4.10, we have now gained access to ES6 features on Android. Arrow functions, let and const, default parameters, classes, template strings, and many other useful features are now available. To learn more about J2V8, the JavaScript runtime that powers Tabris.js on Android, read about the highly efficient Java & JavaScript integration on our blog.
New default Cordova plugins
We've added new Cordova plugins to the defaults, including “cordova-plugin-x-socialsharing”. Social sharing is a common feature in almost any type of app and it's something that you definitely don't want to build from scratch. The social sharing plugin takes care of most social integrations you may ever need. Check it out together with other examples in the Developer App.
That's it for the highlights of this release. For a full list of changes, see the Tabris.js 1.7 release notes on GitHub. Also feel free to leave your feature requests on our GitHub issue tracker.
Happy developing!
New Zealand First leader Winston Peters claims his own polling shows he is set to win far more votes - 20 percent - in the coming election than media polls, he said were fake.
Photo: RNZ / Benedict Collins
RNZ's most recent poll-of-polls had New Zealand First sitting at 8.7 percent.
But Mr Peters said the media's polls were fake - and his own polling put his party's support far higher - closer to 20 percent.
"I've got the statistical evidence to prove it, I don't know why the media carry on with their mindset and keep on boring people witless with scenarios that are not going to happen."
Mr Peters has electorate offices in Kerikeri, Kaitaia and Dargaville and two more outside Northland's boundary.
"For the first time people up here are hearing the truth - for the first time here people are hearing what's going wrong with central government - they're not believing the National Party's bull anymore," he said.
"They know that the funding here for all those things that were promised by the National Party has not happened - they have not built one metre of the superhighway from Puhoi to Warkworth - that they have not built one metre of any of those bridges at all," Mr Peters said.
The National government promised to double-lane 10 one-lane Northland bridges during the by-election campaign.
Mr Peters said locals thought it was a joke.
"They seriously ask me, 'Winston where are those 10 bridges?'
"And I say 'well, they've forgotten seven for a start and not one has started'."
Either a 20 percent or 9 percent result suggests Mr Peters could be the kingmaker again - with the opportunity to choose a coalition partner to form the government.
In a crushing by-election win in March 2015 Winston Peters - the self-proclaimed 'Force for the North', became the MP for Northland, breaking National's hold on the seat.
Mr Peters' plan was to retain Northland and add the neighbouring electorate to the New Zealand First basket in September's election.
"We're going to win this seat and we're going to win Whangarei as well - that's what's going to happen in 2017."
It's widely tipped Mr Peters' good friend, the former Labour MP Shane Jones, will stand for the party in Whangarei but Mr Peters said he couldn't confirm that.
"I can't tell you who's going to put their names forward and this is a matter that is handled by the party machine and not me."
No punishment for CIA officials who spied on Senate Intelligence Committee
By Barry Grey
23 December 2014
A panel appointed by CIA Director John Brennan to review charges by the CIA inspector general that agency employees illegally spied on Senate Intelligence Committee staff members will recommend that no penalties be imposed on the guilty officials.
Citing unnamed “current and former government officials,” the New York Times reported December 20 that the five individuals, two CIA lawyers and three information technology employees, have already been informed that they will not be disciplined. The report of the so-called “accountability board” has not been finalized and, according to the Times, it may be weeks before it is submitted to the CIA.
But the Times article, presumably leaked by government officials to test the media and political response to the latest phase in the whitewash of CIA torture, underscores two basic lessons of the Senate Intelligence Committee report on the torture program and its aftermath: that the United States is run by criminals, and that there is no means for bringing them to justice within the existing political system.
The Obama Justice Department already announced last July that it would not pursue criminal charges in connection with the CIA hacking attack on Intelligence Committee staffers completing work on the 6,700-page classified report and the 524-page unclassified—and heavily redacted—executive summary issued by the committee on December 9. This announcement came the same month that the CIA's Office of Inspector General issued its report essentially upholding the Senate Intelligence Committee's charges of illegal CIA spying on its staff members.
The news that the CIA-appointed review board has overturned the findings of the agency's own inspector general and exonerated those directly involved in the illegal and unconstitutional attack on Congress comes as no surprise. It does, however, confirm the degree to which the American political system is steeped in lawlessness and criminality.
It also illuminates the connection between the official use of torture and shielding of state officials responsible for torture and the creation of the infrastructure of dictatorship.
The CIA attack on the Senate Intelligence Committee is a fundamental assault on the constitutional structure laid down by the American Revolution. It is a direct violation of the constitutionally mandated powers of the legislative branch to oversee the activities of the executive branch, of which the CIA is a part. It is, in essence, an assertion by the intelligence apparatus that it is not bound by the Constitution or the laws of the land and is not accountable to either Congress or the American people.
The fact that those responsible for this attack, first and foremost CIA Director John Brennan, face no legal consequences only confirms the de facto rule of the Pentagon and intelligence agencies, in the service of the financial elite, and the reduction of the presidency and Congress to the role of frontmen and rubber stamps.
The CIA hacking attack on Intelligence Committee computers was the culmination of a multi-year campaign of obstruction, lies and intimidation aimed at blocking the Senate investigation of the Bush-era torture program and preventing the results of the probe from being released to the public. In this, the CIA had the full and active support of the Obama administration.
In December 2012 the Intelligence Committee completed the basic draft of its report on the Bush-era network of secret CIA “black sites,” where systematic torture of detainees in the “war on terror” was carried out. However, the CIA and the White House refused to give clearance for an unclassified version to be released.
Brennan, who was a top CIA official at the height of the torture program, and then recruited by Obama to serve as his chief counter-terrorism adviser before being promoted to head the CIA, rejected the committee's findings and last July drafted a 122-page rebuttal, which remains classified. He authorized the bugging of committee staffers' computers last December, ostensibly to determine how they had obtained portions of a 2009 internal CIA review of the torture program (the “Panetta Review”) that, according to the Intelligence Committee, supported the committee's findings and exposed Brennan's rebuttal as a compendium of lies.
Brennan informed the Intelligence Committee of the CIA hacking in January and made clear it would continue.
Last March, the chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Dianne Feinstein (Democrat from California), took the Senate floor to give an extraordinary and unprecedented speech revealing the CIA spying on her committee and relating it to the withholding and removal of documents from committee investigators and efforts to undermine the probe. She charged that the CIA's actions “may have undermined the constitutional framework essential to effective congressional oversight of intelligence activities or any other government function.”
She added that the CIA likely also breached the Fourth Amendment's ban on arbitrary searches and seizures, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and an executive order that prohibits the CIA from carrying out domestic searches or surveillance.
In her account of CIA obstruction and cover-up, Feinstein noted the destruction in 2005 of 92 hours of videotapes of CIA torture of detainees, including waterboarding. The Obama Justice Department decided in 2010 not to prosecute those involved in this crime.
In her speech, Feinstein complained that she had tried for months to resolve the conflict with the CIA “discreetly,” but was forced to go public when the CIA made a criminal referral to the Justice Department against Intelligence Committee staffers, charging them with stealing classified documents.
According to the December 20 article in the Times, the CIA inspector general's report concluded that the CIA criminal referral against the Intelligence Committee was “based on false information.”
Within days of Feinstein's speech, the Obama White House acknowledged the truth of press reports that it had withheld more than 9,000 pages of documents relating to the Bush torture program from the Intelligence Committee. Brennan denied Feinstein's accusation of CIA spying, and Obama leapt to his defense, declaring his full confidence in the CIA director.
The CIA inspector general's report in July exposed Brennan's denials of spying on the Senate to be lies. Brennan then issued a perfunctory apology and Feinstein, a long-standing defender of the intelligence agencies, including the massive National Security Agency spying program, dropped the matter.
The December 20 Times article indicates that the impending report of the CIA “accountability board” will be aimed in the first instance at covering up for Brennan himself. The Times notes that the five CIA employees named in the inspector general's report vociferously rejected the charges against them and claimed they were following instructions from Brennan.
The Times writes: “The inspector general's report included details of a conversation in December 2013, when Mr. Brennan called the home of one of the CIA lawyers under investigation. According to two people with knowledge of the inspector general's findings, the lawyer wrote a memorandum about the conversation that said Mr. Brennan told him he needed to get to the bottom of the matter.”
The composition of the CIA whitewash panel underscores the bipartisan nature of the effort to cover up CIA torture and the related crime of spying on Congress, and the direct role of Obama in this process. Its chairman is Evan Bayh, a former Democratic senator who served on the Intelligence Committee. The panel's other outside member is Robert Bauer, who served as White House counsel during Obama's first term.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Miller (Photo: Courtesy)
In a community still healing from the death of one of its deputies, Judge Kenneth Neill sent a clear message: Shoot at an officer and you'll be facing some hard time.
On Tuesday, Ernest Frank Miller, 22, was sentenced to 50 years without any time suspended for firing multiple rounds at police officers during a standoff near Sunnyside Elementary School in May.
On May 9, officers from the Cascade County Sheriff's Office and the Great Falls Police Department responded to a report of a potential burglary in progress near the intersection of 17th Avenue South and 17th Street South. The students and staff of Sunnyside Elementary, immediately adjacent to the site, were placed on lockdown.
Deputy Jason Boyd was one of the first officers on the scene. He was directed by a school playground attendant toward a suspect fleeing on foot. Boyd ordered the suspect to stop. The suspect, Miller, refused to comply. Running to the southwest, Miller jumped a fence and raced toward the porch of a trailer home at 1624 20th Ave. S.
With Boyd in close pursuit, Miller drew a .45-caliber, semi-automatic handgun and fired three times in Boyd's direction. None of the bullets struck Boyd or injured anyone else. Miller entered the trailer home. The occupants inside fled.
Miller stayed inside the home for approximately two hours with a cordon of police officers surrounding the location. He fired several rounds while holed up in the trailer house but surrendered without additional incident.
After his apprehension, Miller was found to have a single gunshot wound to his abdomen, though police testified they had not fired a single round during the standoff incident. It was initially assumed that Miller's wound was self-inflicted, but at Tuesday's sentencing hearing, Miller testified that his injury had come from an unidentified third party, who shot Miller during the sale of a firearm.
Miller testified that he was under the influence of methamphetamine and bath salts at the time of the standoff and had been awake for eight days.
“I was in fear of my life and scared,” Miller said. “I thought he was still trying to get me. I did not know what his intentions were. I continued to run. The vehicle approached me. I did not know it was a police officer. I fired two shots up into the air to try and scare away the person I thought was following me. My intentions were not to hurt anybody, and I'm so thankful that nobody got hurt.”
Miller did not identify the person he believed had shot him.
“It was the biggest mistake of my life,” he added.
At the time of the Great Falls standoff, he was on conditional release for multiple felony convictions in both Washington and Montana for burglary and theft. He'd dropped out of a youth boot-camp reform program.
Neill declared Miller a persistent felony offender and described him as “a danger to society” before sentencing Miller to 50 years incarceration at the Montana State Prison, with no time suspended.
Throughout Miller's sentencing hearing, a large phalanx of Cascade County deputies lined the outer walls of Neill's courtroom. After the hearing, Cascade County Sheriff Bob Edwards said he and his staff were there to show support for the extended family of central Montana's law officers.
“A lot of these people who put our lives in jeopardy think its a game,” Edwards said. “This isn't a game. He tried to kill one of my deputies, and we're here to show that we support one another.”
Read or Share this story: http://gftrib.com/1BYGjM8
America's favorite problem to ignore—what to do with radioactive waste—just got worse. Since 1987, the grand (and controversial) idea was to put it all in one place, a series of tunnels deep below Nevada's Yucca Mountain. Well, last week America got three new national monuments, including the 704,000 acres of the Basin and Range National Monument. And guess what? The train that was supposed to carry all that nuclear guck to Yucca Mountain runs right through it.
“It's another nail in the coffin for Yucca Mountain,” says Timothy Frazier, a former Department of Energy official who now works on nuclear waste for the Bipartisan Policy Center. “It certainly adds time, and would require more money to resolve.”
For the past several years, Yucca Mountain has been a political hot potato—dare I even say it's radioactive? It's a real mess. Yucca Mountain was supposed to be a place to safely store radioactive waste from power plants and weapons production for the next 10,000 years. The state of Nevada, however, was not happy with being America's nuclear dump. It filed a lawsuit that dragged out planning and building. Senate leader Harry Reid—from Nevada—and President Obama both opposed the repository. The whole idea has been mothballed.
But radioactive waste doesn't disappear if you ignore it. The US has 75,000 tons of high-level radioactive waste—spent reactor fuel and the byproducts of processing it—that now sit in pools or dry casks at nuclear power plants, facilities never intended for long-term storage. The risk of leaks is high. Because the stuff stays radioactive for millennia, the safest course of action is supposed to be entombed ingit in rock like at Yucca Mountain, where it can remain inaccessible to future humans.
Now, Yucca Mountain plans have dragged on so long that all the high-level radioactive waste in the country exceeds its storage capacity. The Department of Energy hasn't even built the repository yet, and the country already needs a second.
With a different Congress and a different president, there could be a Yucca Mountain revival. Republicans have advocated for it. In that case, there could be alternative rail routes to the repository, according to Gary Lanthrum, an engineer who directed the office that worked on Yucca Mountain's transportation plan.
DOE/BLM/WIRED
Lanthrum's office had assessed several different potential rail alignments, eventually settling the so-called Caliente route, which is the one that now runs through Basin and Range. Caliente came out on top because it passed through land already owned by the federal government. Incidentally, the fact this was public land made it easy to convert to a national monument, as President Obama did last just week. Now, it'll be very difficult politically to argue for tearing up the protected land with a railroad, much less one for carrying radioactive waste.
Other possible routes to Yucca Mountain, like the Mina, are actually shorter and pass through fewer mountains. But they posed other problems. For example, the Mina rail alignment cuts through the Walker River Indian reservation, which has opposed the nuclear transportation line in the past. Other routes also pass through more private land, creating extra hurdles for building a railroad.
Nobody wants radioactive waste to be their problem, and it ends up being, well, everyone's problem. The federal government has paid $4.5 billion to keep high-level waste at nuclear power plants, and it's on track to spend another $22.6 billion. At the same time, the plans for Yucca Mountain are all drawn up and and even its initial tunnels have been drilled. “The technical solutions are ready to be implemented when the political will reasserts itself,” says Lanthrum.
A major organic food scam has been exposed which involves Woolworths, Coles and Aldi selling cheap imported food as organic food and when I asked the certifier, Australian Certified Organic (ACO), questions they refused to answer. ACO have already started with the legal threats in an attempt to cover-up what is happening as per the legal letter sent to Save the Bees publisher Simon Mulvany below.
Most Australians would think they are buying Australian produced food when they buy food labeled as organic and they shouldn't have to read the fine print to work out they're not. The old saying “always follow the money” comes to mind when looking at this scandal and trying to work out who's doing what and why. E.g. How much is Capilano Honey paying ACO to use the certification label?
The scam is quite simple. Import food, in this case honey, say it is organic and pay an Australian certifier to give you a label to prove it is organic and then have the major grocery stores stock the product. A lot of Australians will buy it thinking they are buying Australian organic honey given the labels and the fact that is being sold in a major grocery store they trust.
At the moment it is not known how widespread the scam is as it is still under investigation but I would suspect it will ultimately be shown to spread across numerous food sectors. But it does involve the likes of the major grocery stores, Australian Certified Organic and Capilano Honey and their Allowrie Honey brand.
I wrote to Capilano Honey's Mr Trevor Morgan (Chairman) and Ms Annette Zbasnik (Company Secretary) in September 2016 asking questions about Capilano Honey and their CEO Ben McKee lying about the quality of their honey etc and they refused to respond. (Click here to read more)
One example is Aldi selling its own brand honey as organic which most consumers would think was Australian honey but the small print on the label reveals it is less than 10% Australian. It has the same Australian Certified Organic certification number (472) as Allowrie Honey, that also claims to be 100% organic, which points to the fact that Capilano Honey who own Allowrie are producing honey for Aldi.
The Chinese sell their low quality honey to Australia and then import Australian honey back to China which tells the story by itself. On what basis the imported honey is being called organic no one seems to know and if they do know they're not telling anyone and how reliable would their answers be anyhow?
Capilano Honey have a huge financial interest in imported honey
The Australian reported in February 2017:
Australian beekeepers have called on the federal government to investigate the risk posed to the local $100 million honey industry and bee population by the recent jump in honey imports.
The Australian Honey Bee Industry Council is concerned imported honey from countries such as China and Mexico could contain live viruses and bacteria that cause bee disease and threaten the survival of Australia's introduced honey bee population and 1500 species of native bees.
Australian honey imports have more than doubled in the past three years, with nearly 10,000 tonnes bought by Australian honey processors and food manufacturers in 2015-16.
Australia's biggest honey processor, Brisbane-based ASX-listed Capilano — 19 per cent owned by Kerry Stokes through his family investment vehicle Wroxby-ACE Investments — last year imported about 4000 tonnes of honey into Australia from a small processing plant it owns in ­Argentina and also from China.
These imports added to the 10,500 tonnes of pure Australian honey Capilano bought from its 600 supplying beekeepers, about 70 per cent of all local production. (Click here to read more)
Aldi Honey – made by Capilano – Less than 10% Australian but apparently organic
If the Aldi honey is less than 10% Australian honey, how much less? Is it one percent? And what percentage of Australian honey is Allowrie Honey?
It's scandal by itself that a company can get away with saying a product is less than 10% Australian? They should be forced to say exactly what the percentages are. 1%, 2% or 3% etc.
.
Aldi says on their website:
Proudly Australian made
Since our first store opened in 2001, ALDI has played an important role in the Australian community. Each day, our operations improve the livelihoods of local businesses, create employment opportunities and deliver high quality products to Australian families at everyday low prices.
We have worked closely with Australian farmers, producers and manufacturers to establish long-term relationships. The majority of ALDI's exclusive brands are sourced from Australian suppliers, and we only source products from overseas when we can't find the product, quality, efficiency or innovation we seek, here in Australia. (Click here to read more)
Aldi's claim of “Proudly Australian made” is looking like a major league lie. Are they claiming they can't find any quality Australian honey?
Legal threats to try and hide the truth
Below is the legal threat sent to Simon Mulvany on the 6th March 2017 after he published a post on his Save the Bees Facebook page on the the 5th of March which started off:
“Australia's reputation as an organic producer is at risk because of deceptive organic certification on Capilano Honey subsidiary Allowrie brand.
Health conscious Elisa purchased this Allowrie Organic honey because being Australian certified organic honey gave Elisa the impression the honey was 100 percent Australian. She was shocked when told by Australian Certified Organic that the imported honey was not tested by them and could have come from several countries including China. Australian Organic has partnered with the Chinese and other countries.”
Threatening Simon Mulvany on behalf of the Australian Federal Government
The below letter is written by lawyer Trent Sleeman who works directly for ACO and the most disturbing part is when he says:
“We have also advised the Federal Government and our client depicted in the post of its presence; some of these parties have indicated that they will be taking legal action.”
It is not for any company or corporate lawyer to threaten a party with legal action on behalf of the Federal Government or one of its departments. Australian Certified Organic should sack Trent Sleeman summarily.
I emailed the below questions to Mr Sleeman and the Directors of ACO and they have refused to answer.
From: SHANE DOWLING
Sent: Wednesday, 8 March 2017 10:00 PM
To: ‘Trent.Sleeman@austorganic.com' ‘chair@austorganic.com' ‘whetstoneorganics@bigpond.com' ‘kim.marketing@culinaryfoods.com' ‘Martin@unitedorganics.com.au' ‘manager@kiallafoods.com.au'
Cc: ‘contact@austorganic.com'
Subject: Suspected corrupt conduct by Australian Certified Organic
Dear Mr Sleeman – General Counsel – Australian Organic Group
I have read the legal letter (Concerns notice) that you sent Simon Mulvany and read the so-called offending Facebook story. I will be publishing an article on my website and have some questions.
Allowrie Honey, which is owned by Capilano Honey, is a mixture of honey including imported honey from China, Mexico and Argentina etc. How can you allow your ACO Certified Organic label to be used on Allowrie Honey when a large proportion of it is imported from overseas and it is clearly not Australian honey which the consumers would assume it is? Given the “ACO” part of the Label stands for “Australian Certified Organic” which clearly states and implies the labelled product is a 100% Australian product do you agree that you are aiding and abetting Allowrie Honey (Capilano) to deliberately deceive Australian consumers? Are you aware the above conduct is a breach of Australian consumer laws? Can you advise what testing Australian Certified Organic has done regarding the Allowrie honey? If you haven't done testing why not? If Australian Certified Organic have done testing can you supply me with a copy of the test results as I am sure consumers would be interested. You say in your letter to Simon Mulvany “We have also advised the Federal Government and our client depicted in the post of its presence; some of these parties have indicated that they will be taking legal action.” Can you name exactly which parties will be taking action and give me their contact details? Is one of the parties Capilano Honey and/or Ben McKee? Can you advise which Australian Government agency you deal with and the contact name and details?
Please respond ASAP as I may have follow-up questions.
Regards
Shane Dowling
Below are pictures that show Allowrie honey uses the same ACO certification number as Aldi honey which shows that Allowrie's owner, Capilano Honey, makes both.
Allowrie only says that their honey is packed from quality local and imported ingredients. If they can put less than 10% Australian on the Aldi Honey bottle how come they can't say what Australian honey percentage is in Allowrie?
Capilano Honey have been suing Simon Mulvany for defamation since February 2016 (Click here to read more) and have been playing the go slow routine with the case. They have also been suing me since October 2016 but have since refused to give me a statement of claim after a number of requests by me which shows they have no confidence in winning either case.
I have no doubt the above scandal will explode into a major internet / social media battle if Australian Certified Organic do sue Simon Mulvany for defamation. ACO would better advised to start doing the right thing by consumers instead of aiding and abetting companies fooling consumers.
The issue of dodgy labeling of food as organic won't go away as producers and importers see it as a way of increasing their sales. The government needs to stop turning a blind eye to it and step up and take this battle on because if they don't the public will. Woolworths, Coles and Aldi all have some serious questions they need to answer and there obviously needs to be something like a Senate inquiry to try and shine a light on the truth.
Please use the Twitter, Facebook and email etc. buttons below and help promote this post.
Kangaroo Court of Australia is an independent website and is reliant on donations to keep publishing. If you would like to support the continuance of this site, please click on the button below to donate via PayPal or go to the donations page for other donation options. (Click here to go to the Donations page)
If you would like to follow this website, you can by email notification at the top right of this page and about twice a week you will be notified when there is a new article.
Thank you for your support.
It didn't take long for Sohrob Farudi to realize the Salt Lake Screaming Eagles fit like a square peg in a round hole during its lone season in the Indoor Football League. Owners in the league were gracious enough to give the fan-controlled team a chance, but both sides knew it wasn't a fit.
To remedy the situation, Farudi has helped jumpstart a new league, the Fan Controlled Football League (FCFL). Scheduled to kick off in the summer, the FCFL will consist of eight (including the Screaming Eagles) teams entirely controlled by you, the fan.
“For us, this is about creating,” said Farudi, CEO of the FCFL. “If we could really reimagine football for the digital fan in the digital age, that's what the FCFL is.”
Forget the idea of a traditional football league. Powered by Ethereum blockchain, fans will accumulate and spend FAN Tokens in the mobile app to participate in play-calling, personnel decisions with the 18-player rosters (that's right, the hiring and firing of coaches and players) and even help shape identities for the remaining seven teams.
A major reason for the switch to blockchain stemmed from an Indoor Football League fan vote that prevented embattled former NFL star Greg Hardy from joining the league. Decided by the slimmest of margins, the vote left many fans not trusting the process.
“As soon as somebody doesn't trust the system and doesn't trust that we're actually giving fans what they ultimately voted for, we immediately lose the trust of the fan,” Farudi said. “We want full transparency in the voting process, which blockchain allows. There's just no way to change that vote or rig that vote. It's all public, it's all transparent and people can be confident that what's been voted for is actually what they're saying.
“We talk about this a lot, we're building a real-life video game. That's really what the FCFL is, a real-life version of Madden for fans to kind of run and control a real team. So in Madden and every other mobile game and video game people have ever played you collect points or gems or gold — all of these digital things where you're kind of trying to earn more and with those things you can do more in the game.”
Similarities between Madden and the FCFL don't end there. Games will take just one hour (will be reducing penalties, eliminating kicking, etc.) from start to finish and will be played in a production studio.
You heard that right. There will still be room for 500-1,000 fans to be in attendance, but having all teams in one centralized location will reduce costs associated with travel and allow the league to experiment with new sports tech.
“Rather than try to stick what we want to do inside an existing arena, we can actually do a build-out in a big warehouse and have cameras wherever we want them, drones flying around and rig it with the latest and greatest (tech) whether it's VR, chips in the ball, or distance markers,” Farudi said.
Farudi explained that the FCFL isn't trying to compete with the NFL. Rather, he wants it to become a league that sports tech startups come to for implementation of their product. “We believe there's plenty of football mindshare that fans can be fans of both. What we'd love to be is kind of the developmental league for sports technology.”
FCFL has launched a FAN Token pre-sale via MicroVentures where anyone can invest. Get involved now, choose a team and you will have a shot at part of a $1 million championship prize purse split amongst the winning team's players, coaches and fans.
A special joint committee will give the federal government its recommendations on physician-assisted death Thursday, bringing Canada a step closer to setting up a framework for doctors to help their patients die.
But the committee's report, and Ottawa's response to it, could have much broader implications, affecting the way health practitioners assess a patient's capacity to make treatment decisions, physicians' obligations when a patient's desire goes against the doctor's beliefs — even the way Canada's provinces collect death statistics.
Last year a unanimous Supreme Court ruling found Canada's prohibition on physician-assisted death violates the Charter.
The ruling in Carter v. Canada stated that mentally competent adults enduring intolerable suffering as the result of a “grievous and irremediable” medical condition have the right to a physician's help in dying.
Originally, the Court gave the federal government a year to amend the Criminal Code. But the Conservatives waited several months to strike a panel whose work was then put on hold for a months-long federal election.
The newly elected federal Liberals asked for an extra six months to craft legislation of their own. Last month, the Supreme Court gave them four.
That gives the feds until June 6 to come up with a federal framework for physician-assisted death.
READ MORE: Canada's competing assisted-death guidelines, explained
Speaking with Global News last week, Health Minister Jane Philpott admitted she'd like more time, but said the government will make its deadline.
“Obviously it's a complex issue. There are a lot of factors to take into consideration. … And so on the one hand, of course it would be lovely to have more time,” she said.
“But on the other hand, we're hearing from people who are facing suffering and who are facing challenging end-of-life issues. And I think that's why the Supreme Court would like us to get on with a decision as soon as possible.”
Read our conversation with Philpott on assisted death here.
Read Philpott's thoughts on refugee health care here.
WATCH: How do you balance doctor, patient rights on assisted-death?
Can teens get assisted death?
The Carter ruling specified “adults” have a right to assisted death. But what is an adult? In Canada, there's no consistent rule: Some provinces consider you “age of majority” at 18; others at 19.
But it's even trickier when it comes to health care: There's already precedent allowing for “mature minors” to make health care decisions for themselves, says Dalhousie University's Jocelyn Downie, who co-authored a provincial-territorial report on assisted death last year.
“We have prior decisions from the Supreme Court talking about medical decision-making by mature minors,” she said.
“You can't have an irrefutable presumption of incapacity.”
Can people with mental illness get assisted death?
Probably.
The Carter ruling explicitly mentions “psychological suffering” as a consideration when people seek assisted death.
And while some people are squeamish about the idea of allowing people to get help dying when their desire to die is motivated by mental illness, the feds would have a hard time justifying an exclusion on that basis. They could face another court challenge if they try.
“Mental illness should not be an exclusion criterion. And age should not be an exclusion criterion,” Downie said. “What you flag is the seriousness of the fact that the person needs to be capable.”
The challenge for a doctor whose patient wants to die because of a mental illness will be to determine whether that person, despite the mental illness, has the capacity to make that decision.
If the answer is yes, that person is eligible for assisted death.
Do you need to be about to die before a doctor can help you die?
In some jurisdictions — most U.S. states, for example — only people in the advanced stages of terminal illness are eligible for assistance dying.
Quebec made this requirement part of its criteria when it rolled out assisted-death legislation of its own late last year. But they'll probably have to change it, Downie says.
The Supreme Court ruling made it clear that anyone suffer intolerably from a serious, unfixable illness has a right to assisted death, no matter how long they have to live.
Do you need to be competent up until you die?
It may sound like splitting hairs, but this becomes crucially important if someone has, for example, a “grievous and irremediable” diagnosis that will result in that person losing their mental capacity before death.
Does that person have a right to request assisted death at the time of diagnosis, laying out the point at which he wants to die in advance?
It's similar to the concept of “advance directives,” Downie says. But those are provincial jurisdiction. And in this case, the feds may want to set out the rules.
Who gets to help people die?
The ruling — and most discourse on the issue — refers to “physician”-assisted death.
But there's no reason the feds couldn't expand it to include nurse practitioners operating within their scope of practice, or nurses operating under the direction of a physician.
This would dramatically increase access to assisted death in remote communities where doctors are hard to come by.
“They're up North, they're practicing where physicians are not to be found for hundreds of miles.”
What happens when a patient's wishes and a doctor's conscience collide?
As Health Minister Philpott notes, there's precedent for this.
But that precedent hasn't turned out well for patients, Downie says.
In theory, when a patient wants an abortion and her doctor doesn't want to give her one, the doctor has a duty to refer her to a health practitioner who will.
In practice, that rarely happens. Often patients are left not knowing where to turn.
“We have a disturbing history of physician conscience trumping patient access,” she said.
“Historically the provinces have left conscience to the colleges. And the colleges, many of them … have basically abdicated their responsibility to serve the public interest on this.”
The feds have levers to nudge provincial governments toward strengthening the rules in this regard, Downie said.
How do you deal with the paperwork?
It seems like a minor issue. But the way we track deaths and other vital statistics has major consequences in health and public policy decisions.
Downie argues it makes the most sense to classify “Manner of Death” as “Physician-assisted,” but including both the lethal dose of drugs and the underlying medical condition under “Cause of death.”
Otherwise you lose statistical track of lives lost to cancer, for example, when those lives are ended a few weeks or months early at the patient's behest.
“That's what gets reported up to our national databases, so you can understand the burden of disease in our country,” Downie said.
“You want transparency on the death certificate.”
The big picture
As if the mechanisms by which suffering people can get help dying weren't enough, Canada's decisions on assisted death have even broader implications, Downie said.
Consent
One of the most pointed criticisms of the assisted-death movement has come from advocates of people with disabilities who argue that vulnerable individuals — including the very old, the very sick, people living with intellectual disabilities or mental illness — may be pressured into making decisions resulting in their death.
But physicians across Canada make determinations about people's mental capacity on a daily basis, Downie said. They determine whether a person has the competence to consent or refuse consent to treatment all the time.
“Concerns about decisional capacity and vulnerability arise in all end-of-life medical decision-making,” the Supreme Court's ruling reads.
Our mechanisms of determining medical consent are hardly perfect, she notes: They vary widely not just from province to province but from one health practitioner to another.
But the solution, Downie argues, is to strengthen consent and capacity assessments for all eventualities — including death.
“If we can figure out how to do that better, to build vulnerability assessment into our standard capacity assessments … that will benefit us across the board.”
This probably isn't something the feds can mandate. Ultimately it's up to provincial Colleges and professional bodies that develop guidelines.
Conscience
Clearly explaining what a doctor's duties are when she doesn't agree with a patient's wishes could clear up not just assisted-death cases, but abortion and other ethically tricky situations.
Death data
A push for uniform collection of vital statistics across the country could be a boon to researchers, policy-makers and journalists everywhere. It would give Canadians a much clearer view of who they are, how they're living and how they're dying.
“This is a problem that has implications across the board for us in the health system,” Downie said. “Knowing how and why people die really matters, well beyond assisted death.”
WATCH: Health Minister on physician-assisted death
What rights do you think doctors have when their patients want help dying?
Well you are no doubt aware the Supreme Court has made it very clear that Canadians, when faced with intractable illness, under a certain set of circumstances, have the right to access assistance in dying. And what we're in the process of doing now, as a federal government, is consulting Canadians on what kind of parameters need to be put around that and to develop appropriate legislation as a federal government. …
One thing we've heard from some of the consultations across the country is that many doctors are concerned about being able to exercise their own conscience. That message has been heard loud and clear. And right now the special joint committee has been hearing from doctors about those concerns. And I have no doubt we'll be able to take those concerns into consideration as we draft legislation.
Do they have an obligation to refer?
It's not without other precedents, or similar kinds of examples doctors have had to face over the years when their conscience may be different from the desires of their patients. And there's always a way to work through that. And I have no doubt the special joint committee will get back to us with good recommendations and the government will be able to draft appropriate legislation
You've been a family physician for years. If a patient came to you and said, ‘Look, I've been struggling with this chronic illness for years. It's hurting my quality of life. I don't want to do this any more,' what would you say?
Well, I don't know that I really want to respond to a hypothetical situation. I can tell you, from my past experience, that I've obviously dealt with many patients who have died. And my priority as a family doctor is to make sure that they have the very best care throughout life — ‘from cradle to grave,' we like to say in family medicine; that's the kind of care that we provide– and I think doctors have an obligation to make sure their patients have an understanding of all of the options they have for care. So those are the kinds of conversations I was having with patients.
[For] a person whose desire to die is motivated by a mood disorder like depression, how do you ensure that desire to die isn't compromised by the mood disorder?
Well you are raising some of the very most complex issues on the matter of physician-assisted dying. And I think it's a little bit early for me, because of my position, to be able to give you hard and fast rules. Because that's exactly why we've been consulting Canadians. That's exactly why we've put in place the special joint committee to give us the very best advice. And I know they've been talking to experts in the field, mental health experts, people that represent some of the most vulnerable populations in our community, and I have confidence the consultative approach that we've put in place is going to be very helpful and will inform us as we come up with the appropriate legislation.
Is that something the feds can legislate, do you think, or should that be left up to the provinces?
I think there is actually quite a spectrum in terms of how extensive it's going to be and how much will be left to provinces and territories, and also regulatory bodies. … I suspect were going to get some good advice on those matters.
Do you think you have enough time?
You know, obviously it's a complex issue. There are a lot of factors to take into consideration. But its a conversation that in various places has been taking place for some time now. And so on the one hand, of course it would be lovely to have more time. But on the other hand, we're hearing from people who are facing suffering and who are facing challenging end-of-life issues. And I think that's why the Supreme Court would like us to get on with a decision as soon as possible.
Some people have argued that the federal government doesn't need to make a law, that effectively you could sort of take what the court's given you and leave the rest to the provinces and regulatory bodies. Why is it important to have national legislation on this?
One of the things that I have heard from health ministers across the country is they would prefer not to see a big patchwork of legislative options. And of course there will be some differences and some jurisdictions will prefer to add their own nuance and their own details on legislation. But I think one of the hopes of many provinces and territories is that the federal legislation will help to provide a fairly unified response across the country.
Branislav Ivanovic: Chelsea defender was disappointed with draw in Maribor
Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic reckons the team will have to show a marked improvement against Liverpool on Saturday to avoid defeat at Anfield.
Ivanovic was frustrated Chelsea missed the opportunity to seal qualification for the Champions League knockout stages in Maribor on Saturday.
The Blues had to come from behind to earn a 1-1 draw against the Group G outsiders, and then missed an opportunity to claim victory in the dying minutes when Eden Hazard had a penalty saved.
But Ivanovic is hopeful the players will be well prepared for the Liverpool test, which he suspects will be much tougher than the trip to Slovenia.
"We know how our performance has to be to get the points from Liverpool away," the 30-year-old said.
"I think if we play against Liverpool as we played against Maribor, we know it is not possible. Of course this was a warning to the team and this is good.
"We should have finished the group, but now it's too late and we have to think about the next games in the Champions League."
Liverpool will go into the lunchtime kick-off on Saturday, with an extra day's rest, but Ivanovic has no concerns about the turnaround.
"We still have two days to recover - this is normal," Ivanovic said.
"It's not the first time we have had to do that. We are professional and have to do a lot of things to be ready for that game.
"It's massive - one of the crucial games for us. For this kind of game you always have to find extra motivation and it's not about tiredness or fitness."
A snowstorm headed toward Washington, D.C, and the Mid-Atlantic is expected to last 36 hours between Friday and Sunday. Capital Weather Gang's Angela Fritz has your forecast and snow accumulation predictions. (Ashleigh Joplin/The Washington Post)
For days, computer models have forecast extreme snow amounts this weekend for the D.C. area. Given the consistency of the models and a weather pattern conducive for a blockbuster storm, human forecasters are now confident enough to predict excessive snow amounts as well.
[Blizzard watch: Severe snowstorm likely Friday through Sunday]
Generally, the amounts forecast by people are lower than those forecast by the computer. This is likely because human forecasters understand the climatology and storm history of the region and know how improbable the computer simulations are. So, bear in mind, the human forecasts may be a little conservative…
Forecasters
Capital Weather Gang: 12-25 inches
Capital Weather Gang snowfall forecast for January 22-24. First call.
NBC4: 10-18″
Here's the WAY too early, 48 hrs before the 1st flake falls snow forecast. HUGE snow totals likely! Massive impact. pic.twitter.com/ms2uuozOn7 — Chuck Bell (@ChuckBell4) January 20, 2016
FOX5: 1 foot or more
WEATHER UPDATE: Snow totals Fri PM-Sat PM! Still an early look at snow totals. Expect some tweaks to forecast. pic.twitter.com/JaYEUWR5zY — Tucker Barnes (@TuckerFox5) January 20, 2016
ABC7: 1 to 2 feet
1-2 feet of snow is expected by Saturday night. Stay with your StormWatch7 team for more updates. pic.twitter.com/5YSTASb35s — Alex Liggitt (@ABC7Alex) January 20, 2016
WUSA9: 1 to 2 feet
National Weather Service: 18-24 inches (through 7 p.m. Saturday, additional snow possible after)
Snow forecast from National Weather Service
Weather.com: 12-24 inches
Weather.com snowfall forecast (Weather.com)
Dave Tolleris (WxRisk on Facebook): 12-24 inches
Forecast from WxRisk (Dave Tolleris)
AccuWeather.com: 6-24 inches
Snowfall forecast from AccuWeather.com
Model forecasts
European model: 18-22 inches
European model snowfall forecast. (WeatherBell.com)
GFS: 24-30 inches or more
GFS model total snow forecast (StormVistaWxModels.com)
All GFS ensemble members: Range of 1-3 feet
Updated GEFS 12z forecast for snowfall DC 1 or 2 or 3 feet … so take the median 18" pic.twitter.com/KbA0ENxrw9 — Ryan Maue (@RyanMaue) January 20, 2016
GFS ensemble mean: 18-24 inches
GFS Ensemble mean snow forecast (StormVistaWxModels.com)
Canadian: 18-27 inches
Canadian model snow total forecast (WeatherBell.com)
NAM model: 18-24 inches through 1 a.m. Sunday
NAM model snow total through 1 a.m. Sunday morning (StormVistaWxModels.com)
Read more from the Capital Weather Gang
How to prepare for this weekend's high-impact winter storm
The key characteristics of Washington's biggest snowstorms
Everything you need to know about snow in Washington, D.C.
The American intelligence services have been listening in to the Netherlands since 1946, the NRC reported at the weekend, quoting documents obtained by whistleblower Edward Snowden.
The NRC says the documents show the US listened in to Dutch telecommunications between 1946 and 1968 even though the Netherlands was considered a key partner.
They also show the US wanted to keep this information secret because of the potential impact on the relationship between the two countries. Germany, Belgium and France were also monitored, the paper states.
Objectives
The paper does not make clear what was monitored and what the aims of the monitoring were. Nor is it clear from the documents if the monitoring stopped in 1968, the NRC said.
Dutch home affairs minister Ronald Plasterk told MPs in October NSA may operate in the Netherlands but needs permission from the Dutch security organisation AIVD before doing so.
However, earlier in October Dutch website Tweakers reported that the American National Security Agency (NSA) had collected information on 1.8 million Dutch telephone calls in one month alone as part of its Boundless Informant surveillance programme.
D66 MP Gerard Schouw told the Volkskrant on Saturday he wanted to know what Plasterk plans to do about the role of the US spy service and to what extent the US is still involved in surveillance in the Netherlands.
Malware
The NRC also says the NSA infected more than 50,000 computer networks worldwide with software designed to steal sensitive information.
The NRC says a NSA management presentation dating from 2012 explains how the spy service collects information and shows that it uses ‘Computer Network Exploitation' in more than 50,000 locations. The Washington Post earlier put the total at 20,000 in 2008.
NSA's own website explains CNE as ‘enabling actions and intelligence collection via computer networks that exploit data gathered from target or enemy information systems or networks'
Read the NRC article (in English)
Conservative student Nick Fuentes, seen here during an interview in 2016, has dropped out of Boston University because of death threats owing to his attendance at the August 12 rally in Charlottesville, Virginia (AFP Photo/William EDWARDS)
Boston (AFP) - US universities are often bastions of progressive Democrats, but Donald Trump's election has spurred a growing number of conservative students to step out of the shadows and become increasingly vocal.
Even though both right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos and conservative firebrand Ann Coulter cancelled planned appearances at the University of California, Berkeley in the face of threats and violent protests, Democrats don't always have a stranglehold on campus.
"Conservative students are becoming less hesitant to speak out," says Sterling Beard, editor-in-chief of Campus Reform, which supports young conservatives in denouncing progressive bias on campus.
The recent violence at Berkeley, he says, makes the job easier "because so many of their liberal peers have become hysterical."
Two of these new conservative voices are Nick Fuentes at Boston University and William Long at Harvard, who are finishing the school year happy to go into battle to defend their ideas to peers in the majority opposing camp.
Both voted for Trump, if for different reasons.
- Pariah -
Long, the 20-year-old son of Chinese immigrants from Oklahoma pursuing a double major in computer science and government, is a Republican in the traditional sense of the word -- anti-abortion, socially and fiscally conservative, and determined, as he tells it, to "conserve the good things."
Long says his reasons for voting Trump are "complex" and admits he was uncomfortable broadcasting that fact right after the election, when the torrent of anti-Trump sentiment led some to suggest the Republican's supporters were "fascists."
But the keen debater says even though "actively involved" conservatives account for less than five percent of the student body at Harvard, Trump's win has given them more of a platform to air their ideas.
"Lots of people were wondering, 'How did this happen? Who was it that voted for him?'" Long says. The election "did give us a voice, in the sense that people were more willing to listen to us."
Fuentes, an 18-year-old studying international relations and political science, is more radical. He identifies himself with the "new right" or "alt-right," wants to halt immigration and denounces the political correctness he sees "everywhere."
Vice President Mike Pence similarly spoke out against political correctness Sunday in a commencement speech at Notre Dame University, calling it "nothing less than suppression of the freedom of speech."
Dozens of students walked out in protest as Pence started to speak at the university in his home state of Indiana.
Fuentes is an ardent Trump supporter and with a taste for the provocative, walks around Boston in "Make America Great Again" Trump campaign hats, even if it makes him a "pariah" by his own admission.
"I get harassed almost every week on social media," he says. "I was given death threats to my face by people."
He could easily have gone to a conservative college, but "what fun is that?" he says. "I figured I'd agree with everybody there."
He has spent his freshman year blending fact, opinion, current affairs and history into a program filmed in his small dorm room and shown by the Alabama-based Right Side Broadcasting Network, a conservative channel on YouTube.
- Trump lesson -
But neither Fuentes nor Long expect the conservative-liberal balance of power to change substantially on campus.
Beard agrees -- "not in the short term," he says.
Marie Danziger, who has taught for 30 years at Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government, believes conservative ideas are gaining ground even if conservative students and faculty remain in the minority.
While students in the past were often idealists, thinking about volunteering in Africa, for example, she says today's crop "are much more comfortable with what we used to think of as a conservative business-oriented mentality."
A rise in conservatism is also fueled by a growing number of active duty US soldiers or veterans on campus, as well as foreign students from countries such as China, Russia or Singapore, says the lecturer, who teaches a course on persuasion.
"The other big change," says Danziger, is a recognition "that we are as the one percent not universally loved by many of the people we will be leading in the future.
"That means finding ways to either underplay our education or our left-leaning tendencies," she said.
Trump's shock defeat of Democrat Hillary Clinton had left students asking themselves if there was "some way" they could learn from the billionaire tycoon.
"What do we learn from Trump, but how can we use that in a way that we find morally and factually acceptable? This is the problem I am going to open my first class (with) in September," she said.
This little robot needs to go on the road with the Blue Man Group. The treaded rover carries its own drum sticks and uses random objects as its drum set.
We admit that this is not a fresh hack. It harkens from 2008 but this is the first time we can remember seeing the little guy. After viewing the video embedded after the jump we think you'll agree the project deserves to be seen by as many aspiring hardware hackers as possible.
Perched atop the pile is a speaker, with a second hidden between the yellow treads. The lower unit lets the PICAX 28 microcontroller produce beeps and pops, while the upper unit provides a background track for the drumming. The two rods extending above the ultrasonic rangefinder are connected to a couple of motors and drum along with a third stick that looks like a tail. Even the servo that sweeps the rangefinder from side to side keeps the beat. The synchronized magic is all in the code, which you can get your hands on in step 11 of this longer build tutorial.
Orlando police today released the name of the 88-year-old library volunteer who was killed Thursday in a crosswalk in front of the downtown branch of the Orange County public library.
She was Joanne Feldstein, a member of the Friends of the Orange County Library System who lived in west Orange County.
A 2009 Toyota Highlander, a sport utility vehicle, heading west on Central Boulevard struck her about 10:45 a.m. Thursday, the Orlando Police Department reported.
At the wheel was Jason Michael Schreiber, 28 of Indialantic, who immediately stopped, according to the police department.
He was ticketed for failing to yield to a pedestrian in a crosswalk, a citation that carries a fine of $164, according to court records, but Officer James West urged the court to dismiss the charge, writing that there would likely be new or additional charges resulting from a traffic homicide investigation.
A man who answered Schreiber's phone would not identify himself but said, "It was a pretty traumatizing experience for him."
rstutzman@tribpub.com or 407-650-6394
NUFCrichard
Offline
Activity: 1218
Merit: 1003
LegendaryActivity: 1218Merit: 1003 Re: Bitcoin mentioned on Bravo channel "A Million Dollar Listing" June 18, 2015, 06:34:55 AM #5 Quote from: BayAreaCoins on June 18, 2015, 06:14:57 AM Quote from: futureofbitcoin on June 18, 2015, 06:06:44 AM what happened? Is that lower/higher/significantly lower than the USD value of the property? And they did sellers just laugh it off or did they consider it at all?
It was $1 million dollars under their price.
The owners lawyer said they were going to rent it to a friend for $50,000 a month rather than sell.
Mind you it's a TV show.
It was $1 million dollars under their price.The owners lawyer said they were going to rent it to a friend for $50,000 a month rather than sell.Mind you it's a TV show.
Still good to have bitcoin on mainstream TV like that. I reckon if the bid was $1mill over in Bitcoin, it would have been classed as suspicious and probably said to be drug money or something!
This way it just drips into peoples sub-conscious.
Still good to have bitcoin on mainstream TV like that. I reckon if the bid was $1mill over in Bitcoin, it would have been classed as suspicious and probably said to be drug money or something!This way it just drips into peoples sub-conscious.
Respond to the government consultation about why we need to protect the right to strike
UPDATE: This form has now closed as we are collating the responses for the consultation which ends on the end of Wed 9 Sep.
If you would still like to fill out the full consultations directly as an individual (it's a much longer process but also very helpful to do), you can find links to each of them here:
This autumn, MPs and peers will discuss the trade union bill – which threatens the basic right to strike.
Before it can be debated, the government has to have a formal consultation on some parts of their proposals with the public.
They've set a tight deadline, and don't expect many people to respond – so we want to show them that trade union members vehemently oppose their plans. And that's where you come in.
President Trump warned North Korea on Tuesday that the sanctions imposed a day earlier on the regime by the U.N. Security Council are “nothing compared to what ultimately will have to happen.”
The president's comments are the latest tough talk against North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who has dramatically escalated his country's nuclear and missile tests in recent weeks.
The Security Council on Monday voted unanimously to impose tougher economic sanctions, about a week after North Korea claimed to have conducted an underground hydrogen bomb test.
“We think it's just another very small step -- not a big deal,” Trump said Tuesday, referring to his and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's view of the sanctions.
"I don't know if it has any impact, but certainly it was nice to get a 15-to-nothing vote. But those sanctions are nothing compared to what ultimately will have to happen," he said.
The president spoke from the Oval Office where he was meeting with Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak, whom Trump praised for no longer doing business with North Korea.
“We find that to be very important,” Trump said.
North Korea has apparently conducted six nuclear tests, including the Sept. 3 one, and has tested several inter-continental missiles on which a nuclear warhead could be affixed.
Earlier in the day, the House Committee on Foreign Affairs held a hearing examining North Korea and sanctions, which included calls to cut off the rogue nation's ties to banks.
“These banks are not complying with the Security Council,” committee Chairman Ed Royce, R-Calif., said “So I would say this is where the discussion needs to go next because what is at risk is national security. And there is only one way to shut it down -- with revenues.”
The Security Council resolution did not impose the toughest-ever measures sought by the Trump administration to ban all oil imports and freeze international assets of the government and Kim.
However, it bans North Korea from importing all natural gas liquids and condensates. It also bans all textile exports and prohibits any country from authorizing new work permits for North Korean workers — two key sources of hard currency for the northeast Asian nation.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
I had meant to write this essay before the 2012 US presidential election came to an end by way of a public statement as to why I would not vote for Obama this year.
But after his fiasco in the first presidential debate with Republican challenger Mitt Romney, I decided to postpone it until after the election in order to make sure that he was indeed elected. For the moment, the world is saved from the outlandish antics of Mitt Romney - a bizarre cut between an Attila the Hun in global warmongering and Jack-the-Ripper in capitalist savagery deluded to become "the leader of the free world", as these people call themselves.
This indeed is the fate of this democracy, which fancies itself "the leader of the free world" and wishes to cast the whole world in its own image - that every four years we are so scared out of our wits by the prospect of a Romney that we rush to vote for an Obama - opting for a political opportunist rather than a global peril.
The assumption that Obama is relatively better than Romney is of course very hard to sell to Iranians, Afghans, Palestinians, or Pakistanis, who are in one way or another suffering the consequences of his deadly decisions.
But now that Obama is re-elected, I wish to publish this piece - not as a morose post-mortem on a fait accompli, but by way of a reflection on how and why is it that while he won the second term, Obama has lost the grace that once his name and visage invoked among millions of human beings wishing for a better world.
Oh how deeply did he betray that hope! He "coulda been a contender!"
The deepest disappointment
The list of disappointments that we, once Obama hopefuls, have been accumulating is long and languorous - from domestic to the so-called "foreign policies" (there are no foreign affairs in the US that are not also domestic affairs - empires are by definition global affairs).
Murtaza Hussain sums it up well in a recent piece for Al Jazeera:
"The right to indefinitely detain citizens without trial, classified kill-lists and "disposition matrices", a fast-expanding fleet of legally-unaccountable aerial drones, and the presumptive right to kill American citizens without due process - all these sweeping expansions of executive power are the legacy of four years of Barack Obama's presidency and of themselves represent a new era in the power of the American government over its citizenry. Never before has an American president asserted their ability to act as judge, jury and executioner towards their own citizens."
As in fact, in another piece, Mark LeVine wondered:
"How did a community organiser-turned-Constitutional law professor-turned-public servant become the chief custodian, enabler and enforcer of a matrix of policies that so clearly violates the most basic principles of the Constitution he's sworn to uphold?"
Here is another conclusion about President Obama's record by Glenn Greenwald:
"Barack Obama, went further [than George W Bush) by claiming the power not merely to detain citizens without judicial review but to assassinate them (about which the New York Times said: 'It is extremely rare, if not unprecedented, for an American to be approved for targeted killing'). He has waged an unprecedented war on whistleblowers, dusting off Wilson's Espionage Act of 1917 to prosecute more than double the number of whistleblowers than all prior presidents combined. And he has draped his actions with at least as much secrecy, if not more so, than any president in US history."
Who is this man - is this the same man who had mesmerised millions of human beings around the world to think that he indeed was God's gift of grace (as his name implies) to humanity?
But all of these atrocities aside, for me, particularly troubling is Obama's bizarre and banal servility to Israel - bending backward to accommodate the barefaced warmongering of a delusional fanatic like Binyamin Netanyahu. Who would do that? Why would a US President be so servile to an Israeli Prime Minister?
True that as a garrison colonial settlement, Israel is the largest and most expansive aircraft carrier of the US in the region - but shouldn't the US Commander-in-Chief be in control of that carrier rather than the other way around? What sort of self-respect would an American citizen have of his citizenship in this country that a tiny colonial settlement halfway around the globe can turn its congress into a toy shop full of Jack-In-The-Boxes?
Once again - as he did in 2008 during yet another round of Israeli war crimes in Gaza - in his last debate with Romney, Obama invoked his own children when referring to Israeli children, and not even once blinking to think about Palestinian, Iraqi, Afghan, or Pakistani children.
Why would the man be so irrevocably banal? Where and when does he think he lives; what sort of credibility would he think he would command when speaking so with such astonishing hypocrisy? There are some 1.3 billion human beings on this earth who call themselves Muslims, millions of them right here in the US, and to all of them Palestine remains a gushing wound. What depth of moral depravity would lead a man to be so utterly indifferent to a people's suffering at the hands of a criminal regime he keeps assuring his ties with is unshakable?
It's not personal, it's political
The moral failure of Obama speaks of a political incapacity beyond his person and deeply rooted in the very fabric of American politics.
The problem is not Obama's disastrous record of having failed to deliver. The problem is more endemic to American politics - and it begins by the lunatic fringe to the right of the Republican Party and represented by people, ranging from Michele Bachmann to Newt Gingrich, who enter and stay in the race forever so violently to push it to the right.
Why do they stay in the race when they know full well they have no chance except to pull the centre of the Republican party rhetoric to the right, and thus to pull the party platform to the right?
The more to the right the Republican party turns, the more the Democratic party goes to the right - so that by the time the presidential election is over, the centre of gravity in American politics is ever so palpably pushed to the right - though it has crafted the illusion of democracy and of liberalism.
The result is that the spectacle of the exercise of democracy is an entirely chimeric construction and means very little - if a democrat is elected or a republican, for the calculus of political power is somewhere else - in the undercurrent of presidential election.
Very few US presidents in living memory have had the opportunity to alter that global perception of the US - and Obama is certainly chief among them, and thus his failure marks the end of any delusion that this political system can ever correct course, or a fortiori has anything to offer the globe except weapons of mass destruction, a "Kill List" and deadly drone attacks.
Under Obama, the history of modern warfare has reached a new and pernicious level, for he will be remembered for his infamous "Kill List", for his elevating drone attacks to a new strategic height, for his signature on the National Defence Authorisation Act (NDAA), and above all, for having in effect institutionalised Israeli warmongering into the American regional politics.
The world is set free of an illusion
The political triumph and the moral defeat of Obama are at once the conclusion of a chapter and the commencement of a liberating horizon on world politics. The fate of American politics, as we have seen it performed, is now forever sealed between a George W Bush and a Barack Hussein Obama - a clinically deranged warmonger and a soft spoken imperialist with a secret "Kill List", a squadron of deadly drones, and a legalese argument to criminalise dissent, all to enable him to do as he wishes.
Inside Story Americas - How effective are
US drone strikes?
After the elated expectations and the nosedive disappointment of Obama's presidency, in the first term, now to be repeated in the second, it is now more than ever clear that this country has nothing to offer the rest of the world - now that from one corner to another it is rising for democratic rights - and it would be utterly catastrophic if the US political party system were to export its brand of "democracy" to the newly liberated Arab states or anywhere else in the world.
The thing called "bipartisanship" is a recipe for political catastrophe if it were to be exported to the rest of the world so that in decades ahead, we may have to choose between an Obama and a Romney lookalike in the Arab and Muslim world. Arabs and Muslims and the world at large must look into their own history and cultivate a democratic intuition afresh.
There is nothing more disappointing (and also heartbreaking) than to see progressive Americans like Michael Moore, people who deeply care about their country and what it does around the globe, get up in the morning of Super Tuesday and plead with their followers to disregard their qualms and go and vote for Obama.
Some 90 million eligible voters, according to a poll, were planning not to vote in this election. Moore was appealing to his vast followers to grab hold of these people and ask them to vote - and he told them:
"In the old days we'd just label these people as apathetic or stupid. Not anymore. They don't need our admonition - they need our empathy. The non-voter today knows exactly what's going on, and he or she wants no part of it. They are discouraged, disillusioned, and have almost lost hope that things will change. Many are jobless or working for peanuts. They're angry, and we should tell them they have every right to be."
But it is not those 90 million who need empathy - it is Michael Moore (the man who made Fahrenheit 9/11) who needs it - desperately trying to generate hope and trust and confidence in Mr Kill List and President National Defence Authorisation Act.
If anything, the American model of democracy - gridlocked as it is between two self-referential and closed-circuited political machineries of the Democrats and the Republicans - is precisely the model not to be followed by any other aspiring democracy.
As Mohamed-Salah Omri, the distinguished Tunisian scholar at St John's College in Oxford, put it to me last October, his recommendation to Tunisians had been "follow any model except the Americans".
As to what happened to that noble history of struggles against slavery and second rate citizenship from which Obama rhetorically and emotively benefitted to become the first black president - it goes back where it belongs, in the clear conscience and the active subconscious of world history - for there from WEB du Bois to Malcolm X belong to the world at large, as people continue to struggle (in the words of the Egyptian revolutionaries) for "Bread, Social Justice and Human Dignity".
I am on the record for having voted (despite some serious misgivings) for Obama four years ago and made a public statement of it - as in fact, I supported his receiving of the Nobel Peace Prize, despite the fact that by the end of his first 100 days in office, I had concluded he was on the wrong track.
I did so not by way of any trust in a man who had yet to prove himself, but as I said at the time, by way of joining the chorus of the brutally betrayed dreams of millions of young Americans and non-Americans alike for a better world.
There were cynics then as there are now who dismiss that hope as naive. May the world never be devoid of such hopeful naiveté! To paraphrase the famous hindsight: Four years ago you did not have a heart if you did not vote for Obama - this year you did not have hope in humanity if you did.
Hamid Dabashi is Hagop Kevorkian Professor of Iranian Studies and Comparative Literature at Columbia University in New York. His most recent book is Arab Spring: The End of Postcolonialism (Zed 2012).
You won't find Jay-Z's 4:44 on the Billboard Top 200 chart next week, even though it was released to rave reviews and has generated a lot of media attention.
This is because for the first week of 4:44's release, it was a Tidal exclusive, and the streaming service has chosen to not report its numbers to Nielsen Music for the first week of June 30 to July 6, according to Billboard.
If Tidal had released its streaming-only numbers, 4:44 would have been in the same league as Chance the Rapper's Coloring Book, which became the first streaming-only album to chart on the Billboard 200 after it was released exclusively on Apple Music back in May of last year.
Now that 4:44 is available to stream everywhere (except Spotify) and physical copies have been made available at all major retailers, data will be sent to Nielsen and Billboard will be able to factor in the numbers into their charts. You can expect to see tracks from Jay-Z's album on the Billboard charts starting July 22—and you can also probably expect Jay-Z to dominate those charts.
Instead, DJ Khaled's Grateful—​which currently holds the No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200 chart—and Calvin Harris' Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 1 will duel it out for the top spot.
Los Angeles: Vassiliki Thanou, president of Greece's supreme court, was sworn in on Thursday as head of a caretaker government that will lead the heavily indebted nation until elections expected next month.
President Prokopis Pavlopoulos​ appointed Ms Thanou, 65, as the country's first female prime minister after leaders of the three main political parties failed to form a coalition to replace the government of outgoing Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras. Her administration will be sworn in on Friday, according to a statement from Mr Pavlopoulos' office.
Greece's top Supreme Court judge Vassiliki Thanou attends a swearing-in ceremony as the country's caretaker prime minister at the Presidential Palace in Athens on Thursday. Credit:Alkis Konstantinidis
Mr Tsipras announced his resignation last week and said he would seek a new mandate after members of his radical-left party, Syriza, rebelled over austerity measures demanded by the nation's creditors.
The party won election in January on promises to end the deep budget cuts and tax increases imposed in exchange for two bailouts from Greece's European partners and the International Monetary Fund totaling nearly €245 billion ($380 billion) since 2010. Greece's economy contracted 25 per cent and unemployment soared to as high as 26 per cent over the five years of belt-tightening.
From the horrors of World War II and the mind of director Christopher Nolan comes the new war film, Dunkirk. In 1941 Allied forces had been driven out of France by German troops to the coastal town of Dunkirk. This meant that 400,000 British soldiers were trapped on the beach with no way to get home. With the Germans attacking by land, sea and air, destroying the British Naval ships that were trying to get the troops back to Britain, a call goes to all to send civilian vessels across the channel to rescue the stranded soldiers. These historical events were a major point of the Second World War. Directed by Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk stars Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Harry Styles, Mark Rylance, Kenneth Branagh, James D'Arcy, Fionn Whitehead, Jack Lowden, Aneurin Barnard and Tom Glynn-Carney.
What Christopher Nolan was able to achieve as a filmmaker with Dunkirk was nothing short of incredible. He shot a large portion of the movie with an IMAX camera and also using 70mm film stock to create a film that is visually impressive to look at. This might not mean a lot to some people but basically it means the picture is clearer and larger. This is one of those rare cases I say that the movie should be seen in IMAX to full appreciate what Nolan is trying to create. The sequences when the film was shot at night or in the dark look incredible, with the picture offering a clarity not often seen in similar scenes from other films. Though the way the movie was shot is not the only impressive aspects of the movie. Nolan made the decision to not create a dialogue heavy movie to tell the story. Most of the characters do not often speak and there are no scenes with massive exposition explaining what is happening. The scenes with the most dialogue were when the characters felt safe, when they thought the conflict was over for the time, which is probably a reality of war. Nolan also made a creative story telling decision that I think paid off but it may take some audience members out of the movie. It by no means ruins the movie; in fact I think it enhances it. I have written a paragraph at the bottom of the review for people who wish to read about this, for those who want to stay away from any potential spoilers make sure to head the spoiler warning.
Besides the phenomenal visuals, the other aspect that elevates Dunkirk to another level is the musical score. There is barely quite a moment in the film, with a consistent score playing and expertly building tension. Hans Zimmer skilfully uses the score to keep the audience engaged, never given them time to rest as music plays throughout the whole film. The way the music is used to create tension, rather than using imagery or dialogue was pure genius and something Zimmer did expertly. After leaving the cinema I realised there were only two ways to score Dunkirk and that is the way Hans Zimmer did, or with no score at all and have it be silent.
The cast of Dunkirk is fantastic, in particular Fionn Whitehead and Harry Styles, who are the two with the most screen time. This movie is full of exceptionally talent actors who give great performances, with every single character being believable. Before people jumped down at the idea of a member of One Direction giving a strong dramatic performance you should see the way he carries the weight of the war on his shoulder, the fear of being a coward for running back to England and the shame associated with the loss in France. He is much more than a gimmick and I expect to see much more of him in dramatic roles in the future. Cillian Murphy is another incredible talent that shines in Dunkirk, as a stranded survivor suffering from shell shock, and you would believe he was a man who had seen too much war. He is another character with few spoken lines but a massive impact on the film. Tom Hardy has a pivotal role in the movie, despite not being in the movie a great deal. In typical Hardy fashion most of his face is hidden behind a mask, but this only further highlights just how talented he is, as he must act using mostly his eyes. There were 400,000 soldiers trapped on the beaches at Dunkirk, and Christopher Nolan uses his cast to highlight the types of men who were stuck there, and highlight the effects of war.
People are stating that Dunkirk is not a war film, which is categorically false; it is definitely a war film but not the non-stop shooting action type of war film. This is made in a similar vain of movies like Apocalypse Now, Platoon or Jarhead, which show a different side to war whilst also showing the violent side. Nolan decided to not make a gratuitous movie; we still see death but nowhere near the opening sequence of Saving Private Ryan. That had a shock and awe feel, where as Dunkirk is a movie that builds suspense, not knowing how it will turn out for the characters. The movie also deals with some deep themes of war regarding cowardice, bravery, duty and self-sacrifice. Harry Styles character is distraught at the idea of being viewed as a coward, not so concerned with his life but the shame of retreat. Cillian Murphy is referred to as a coward as he refuses to return to Dunkirk. These are themes often overlooked in modern war films, the toll that war takes on a person, both physically and mentally. Nolan created Dunkirk as an incredible War film that goes beyond the standard action film and the concept of good guys and bad guys.
Dunkirk is a phenomenally well-made movie, with a great cast, great themes and impressive score. I found myself engaged for the larger majority of the movie, concerned for the characters safety and holding my breath during the underwater scenes. I have been critical of some of Nolan's recent films but this movie has me back on the bandwagon, he should definitely be receiving some accolades come award season. Dunkirk may be in my top 5 favourite movies of the year so far.
Recommendations:
If you are a fan of War films then see it. It is not an action war film but it is definitely a war movie. This is also a movie that needs to be seen in either IMAX or 70mm print so do yourself a favour and see it in those formats. Any Christopher Nolan fan should see Dunkirk but if you are a fan then you probably have seen it already.
Dunkirk scores a 9/10
Thank you for reading my review of Dunkirk. What did you think of the movie? Which format did you see it in? Let me know in the comments section below.
Don't forget to subscribe to stay up to date with everything happening with Millennial Movies. Put your email in the box below to subscribe
Follow Blog via Email
Spoiler Warning
This is a mild Spoiler but if you do not want to know anything before going in do not read any further
Dunkirk is shot with a non-linear timeline, where the story on the beach (the Mole) takes place over a week, the sea story of the Mark Rylance and his boat is over a day and the Air story of Tom Hardy in the plane is over one hour. The story will move at different speeds with these characters moments not always synchronised. I worked this out at about the midway point of the film and was able to accept the directorial decision made by Nolan. This is only a mild spoiler but I would hate to ruin this for anyone, as I believe it helped the story by allowing each faction with in the story to receive equal treatment.
Simon Fraser University has announced plans for the first phase of its stadium project, which will see covered seating built into the north hillside of Terry Fox field at the Burnaby campus by April 2020.
At a cost of $10 million to the Simon Fraser Student Society (SFSS), the plans include seating for 1,800 people covered by a roof, washroom facilities, and a media centre.
The student led project will be funded by a special student levy administered from 2019 to 2030.
The University plans to manage the project, front the construction costs and fund additional costs over and above the student contributions for the first phase of the project.
The new additions will be constructed on the north hillside of Terry Fox field. (Ron Hole)
"I think a lot of athletes and a lot of people that have been coming to the University for the last 50 years have been wanting to see improved athletic facilities, but it was really through this joint project that we were able to realize it," said Tim Rahilly, SFU's vice-provost, students and international.
Rahilly says the project aims to enhance the student experience on campus, and raise the profile of the University as it is Canada's only post-secondary institution with teams competing in the U.S. National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA).
Home field advantage
According to Rahilly, while SFU's football team has been practicing at Terry Fox field, facility limitations have forced them to play their games off campus, often renting out Swangard stadium.
SFU football team linebacker and fourth-year student, Jordan Herdman, says the new stadium will create a home field advantage.
"Having a home stadium on campus will attract more students to our games and give us a true home field advantage," said Herdman in a statement. "Playing in front of home fans means the world to an athlete because they know that everybody in the crowd is cheering for them."
Tim Rahilly with SFU says Clan teams have been playing their games off campus, because Terry Fox field doesn't have the seating capacity to fulfill their needs. (Ron Hole)
Beyond playing home to the Clan's sports teams, the new stadium is expected to be used by students during campus events like student orientation, concerts, and other recreational activities.
"The SFSS believes that the stadium project will provide great opportunities for students to enjoy an enhanced sense of community at SFU … [It] will transform the campus experience for years to come," said SFSS president, Larissa Chen in a statement.
Rahilly said future phases of the stadium project could expand to include other amenities, such as a field house and locker rooms.
He said they hope to break ground in the next three years.
0
Jonathan Tucker has quietly been building a varied filmography of TV and movie roles over the last 20 years, with early performances in Sleepers and The Virgin Suicides, and more recent efforts in fandom-driven shows The Black Donnellys, Parenthood, Justified, and Hannibal. He currently stars as MMA fighter Jay Kulina in the AT&T Audience Network family drama, Kingdom, and will appear as a pivotal character in Bryan Fuller‘s adaptation of Neil Gaiman‘s American Gods on Starz later this year.
During the ongoing TCA 2017, our own Christina Radish had a chance to chat with Tucker about his work on Kingdom–keep an eye out for the full interview coming soon–but also managed to sneak in a few questions about the upcoming Starz series. He praised Fuller's strength as a collaborator and showrunner, talked about the decision to expand the American Gods story into a more in-depth exploration of its mythology, and how he filmed his scenes in a state penitentiary alongside real prisoners on Death Row. Some spoilers follow, but we'll give you a heads-up in advance.
Here's what Tucker had to say about Fuller's style as a showrunner, as compared to other fine folks he's worked with over the years:
Bryan Fuller has been a wonderful collaborator. (Kingdom showrunner) Byron [Balasco] is like that, and so is (Justified showrunner) Graham Yost. These three showrunners are unique, in the sense that they don't operate from a place of fear. They're entirely confident in their own skills, and they not only allow, but are eager and they support people coming in and contributing their truest selves as artists. That gives you incredible leeway. That gives you the ability to take a risk.
Fuller & Co. are going to need that confidence and bravery if their plan to use the book to launch into more original story is going to pay off. Here are Tucker's thoughts on that approach:
DUBAI - Saudi Arabia offered a cash reward of 5 million riyals ($1.3 million) for information leading to the arrest of sixteen people it said were involved in two deadly mosque bombings claimed by Islamic State, the Interior Ministry said on Wednesday.
The ministry also offered a 7 million riyal reward for tips that would thwart any future attacks, according to a statement published by state news agency SPA.
"Anyone deals with the wanted men will be held accountable," the ministry warned.
A suicide bomber disguised as a woman blew himself up on Friday outside a Shiite Muslim mosque in the city of Dammam in eastern Saudi Arabia, killing himself and four other people.
The interior ministry identified the bomber as a Saudi citizen, 20-year old Khalid al-Wahbi al-Shemmari.
A week earlier, another suicide bomber blew himself up at a Shi'ite mosque in the nearby village of al-Qadeeh, killing 22 people.
The ministry published a list of sixteen men and their photographs on state TV, saying they were involved in the two attacks.
Islamic State, a hardline Sunni militant group based in Iraq and Syria, claimed responsibility for both attacks. The group has said it wants to drive out all Shi'ites from the Arabian Peninsula and urged young men in the kingdom to join its cause.
The bombings in Saudi Arabia come as wars with sectarian overtones ravage Iraq, Syria and Yemen -- stoking tensions between Sunnis and Shiites throughout the region.
Some clerics in Saudi Arabia, the birthplace of Islam and mainstay of its Sunni denomination, are deeply hostile toward Shiites, whom they regard as apostates.
The Kingdom is also part of an international coalition bombing Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria, and the organisation has threatened to launch revenge attacks.
Saudi and Gulf governments fear that the wars in the region, in which their Sunni allies are fighting groups close to Shiite archrival Iran, will radicalize their citizens and undermine their security.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sexual assault is a subject which is difficult to talk about for anyone who has experienced any sort of abuse.
In the wake of recent allegations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, people are bravely coming forward to share their own stories with the hashtag #MeToo.
Most of these survivors are women, but it's important to remember that male sexual assault happens and is rarely talked about.
In the eyes of the law, only a man can commit rape, as penetration with the penis has to occur, but men can still be raped and sexually assaulted.
In a recent Reddit thread, men opened up about their devastating experiences of being sexually assaulted by women - and how it has affected their lives in the long term.
Here are just five of those stories.
If you have been affected by this issue, support is available on the Survivors UK website.
1. "I lost a lot because 'girls can't rape boys'"
"A good friend of mine's wife used to hit on me a lot. We were all old friends from school and I never really told her off, just kind of laughed it off since she'd do it in front of my wife and her husband.
"We had a party at their house one night, I passed out watching Anchorman. Woke up sometime later (movie was still on, so not too much later) to her tugging and sucking on my d***.
"I asked what she was doing, she just looked at me. I rolled away, zipped up, went to the bathroom.
(Image: Getty)
"Did that thing you sometimes do when you're drunk where you talk to yourself mentally while looking in the mirror (maybe that's just me?).
"Went back out to the living room, she had retired to her bedroom and I laid on the couch until our friends returned from a liquor run.
"I stuck close to my buddy who I'd gone out there with, we both slept out in the living room. Told him what had happened on the way home. Not sure he believed me, which kind of sucked. Tearfully told my wife about it once I got home, not sure she believed me either.
"She posts on Facebook that morning: 'I'll keep you my dirty little secret.'
"Fast forward a few months, her husband knows. Her sister knows. Everybody in our circle knows, because she told them.
(Image: Getty)
"Of course she painted a different picture and it's now my word against hers ("and she's a mother , you guys, why would she lie").
"Her sister punched me in the face when I said it didn't go down that way and that I'm pretty sure what actually happened could be considered rape.
"I don't hang out with those people anymore. I'm not married to that wife anymore. I never see my friend (whose wife was responsible) anymore. I lost kind of a lot over that because 'girls can't rape boys'."
2. "He explained to me I was raped"
"I was 14 and drunk at a party hosted by my best friend D's older brother who had returned from camp.
"Me and a friend had been drinking box wine all night when I decided to head to bed. I was so f***ed up I was having a hard time moving.
"I'm pretty sure D helped me into his room. I had had a disagreement with a chick earlier that evening about music and I guess she was "excited" over our argument.
"She came in shortly after me. I remember her flipping me over and pulling my pants down. I also remember her on top of me and feeling used, worthless and weak for not enjoying it more.
(Image: Getty)
"I explained to D's older brother Nate what had happened the night before and how f***ed up it was and how I felt.
"It had never been a thought that I had been raped. I was more freaked out that I didn't enjoy it. Nate was p***ed.
"He explained to me I was raped. We talked for a few hours about it. Nate comforted me the best he could and it didn't bother me until I had sex again years later.
"I'll spare you the details but when I started to become more sexually active I kept having flash backs. It wasn't going to work.
(Image: Getty)
"I thought that because the first time I had sex I was raped I was never going to have a normal sex life. I became depressed and drank heavy for the next few years.
"Things changed when I met my wife. I was finally able to talk about it in a way that wasn't rooted in anger or sadness.
"For some reason that helped. My wife is an amazing partner and I'm glad to report that we have a healthy sex life."
3. "I'd tell her to stop, sometimes breaking down and crying"
"Dated a girl for three years. My first. I was the first one amongst my friends to be in a relationship which I think kept me in it for so long. Feeling that I sh ould be grateful and having something to prize.
"Anyhow, turns out she was manipulative, emotionally violent and at rare occasions physically violent. None of which I could see at the time.
"I had zero experience or things to compare it to. It took me about a year after she dumped me to have the thought: 'That... was probably not good.'
"Took me 15 years to finally realise a lot of the times we had sex quite clearly constituted rape. No blurred lines. Just straight up rape. Me telling her to stop and she's continuing with threats or by me being tied up.
(Image: Getty)
"I've come to realise it wasn't even about the sex. It was about control. She didn't seem interested at all, sometimes watching TV and just keeping at it.
"I'd tell her to stop, sometimes just breaking down and crying. She'd do stuff like tell me mid "sex" she was off the pill and keep on going. Now I'm quite certain she wasn't though.
"Anyhow, took me 12 f***ing years to realise men could be raped at all and 15 to begin thinking about my experiences. Unlocked a lot of explanations for my behaviour later in life...
"Been to therapy with OK results but not brilliant. Sometimes I feel I should have just kept it buried in the back of my head and sometimes it feels healthy to be able to talk about it."
4. "She just shrugged"
"I crashed at her mom's house after a small party there, nothing crazy. I stripped to my boxers in my sleep, as I have done it sober before.
"I remember feeling a tingling, almost like peeing when you have one of those dreams of yourself peeing, and you wake up because the sensation wakes you up? Not sure how else to describe it. I woke up just in time to cut myself off from climaxing.
"I pushed her up and I scooted back. She moaned that she was so close and just wanted to get off, and that I shouldn't be so upset about it.
(Image: Getty)
"I said: 'You didn't wake me up?' She said she thought it was hot.
"She even said: 'Besides, your d*** was already hard when I came in. I know you wanted it.' I said: 'You could have gotten pregnant.'
"She just shrugged. I got up and started gathering my stuff, and was pretty p***ed. I was tired, now on edge and slightly hungover.
"I'm not untrusting of women, I don't feel like a victim. I feel annoyed and used."
5. "It took him days to build up the courage to tell me"
"I lived in a house with some guys in college and I had a bad habit of falling asleep in the common area on the couch when I was drunk instead of going to my bed.
"After going out with my roommates one night a few people came back to our house to continue drinking.
"I blacked out and my friends helped me onto the couch so they could keep an eye on me and put a trash can next to me.
"There was a girl there that was friends with some of the girls we hung out with all night. She was very flirtatious with the guys there but none of us were attracted to her.
"I passed out and after everyone went to their beds I was still alone on the couch.
(Image: Getty)
"My friend passed through the common area at about 4 am to get some water from the kitchen. He said he walked in and saw this girl riding on my lifeless body with my eyes closed and my head bobbing back and forth.
"It took him a few days to build up the courage to tell me but I'm glad he did. It was kind of a joke at first but later on I started to realise that I actually had been raped. Kinda f***ed up that it gets downplayed for men so much."
6. "I sobered up in that one second"
"We are in the cab going back to our apartment. Roommate and girlfriend are loudly fighting about something, while her friend and I are sitting in uncomfortable silence.
"It is at this point, things get really blurry, it was as if all of the night's alcohol hit me all at once. I remember us getting back to our apartment parking lot and my roommate and his girlfriend are shouting at each other.
"I throw the driver a bill and stumble back to our apartment with [roommate's] girlfriend's friend in tow, leaving them to fight outside. I don't know where the friend crashed, I just walked straight in and straight to my bed. I don't think that I even took my club clothes off.
(Image: Getty)
"Don't know how much time passed, but get the feeling of something wet around my crotch area and on my stomach. My initial thought, before opening my eyes, was that I p***ed myself.
"Upon opening my eyes, I see my roommate's girlfriend on top of me, riding me.
"I sobered up in that one second and quickly shoved her off of me. I just remember saying: 'What the f*** are you doing?!' and her saying VERY loudly: 'Well someone else won't f*** me!' as if she wanted my roommate to hear.
"I told her to get out, and she did whilst calling me an**hole. I lay there for a minute trying to analyse what just happened, when I start to feel sick.
"Not sure if it was the alcohol or the incident that just occurred, but I ran to the bathroom to puke. I returned to my bed and fell back asleep."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
If you have been affected by any of the issues in this article, there is advice and support available on the SurvivorsUK website , a charity which helps victims of male rape and sexual abuse.
Dion Phaneuf's two game suspension has only added gasoline to a raging fire. That fire, of course, is the debate over just how bad the Leafs shot woes are. As we've all heard about a thousand times, Toronto is close to taking the fewest shots per game in the league, give up the most by a good chunk, and have one of the worst differentials in recorded NHL history. Some will yell "shot quality" and dismiss this as no big deal. Some will pull out a heap of advanced stastics and show that there is no good precedent for results like these.
I'm going to keep this short and sweet, and we won't get fancy with our stats. This is how bad the Leafs are at allowing shots.
Making History
These are the 19 teams that have given up the most shots in a season since 1987-88, the first year where logs became available for every game played in the NHL, with this year's Leafs roster thrown in for fun.
Rank Team Season GP W L T OTL PTS GA SA ?? Toronto 2013/14 31 16 12 0 3 35 82 1152 1 San Jose 1992/93 84 11 71 2 0 24 414 3080 2 Los Angeles 1993/94 84 27 45 12 0 66 322 3046 3 St. Louis 1993/94 84 40 33 11 0 91 283 2946 4 Buffalo 1995/96 82 33 42 7 0 73 262 2911 5 Atlanta 2001/02 82 19 47 11 5 54 288 2911 6 Los Angeles 1995/96 82 24 40 18 0 66 302 2905 7 San Jose 1991/92 80 17 58 5 0 39 359 2900 8 Edmonton 1993/94 84 25 45 14 0 64 305 2891 9 Los Angeles 1992/93 84 39 35 10 0 88 340 2888 10 Washington 2005/06 82 29 41 0 12 70 306 2880 11 Hartford 1992/93 84 26 52 6 0 58 369 2865 12 Quebec 1990/91 80 16 50 14 0 46 354 2863 13 Pittsburgh 1988/89 80 40 33 7 0 87 349 2856 14 Chicago 1987/88 80 30 41 9 0 69 328 2854 15 Florida 2005/06 82 37 34 0 11 85 257 2853 16 Florida 2008/09 82 41 30 0 11 93 231 2843 17 St. Louis 1992/93 84 37 36 11 0 85 278 2840 18 Pittsburgh 1995/96 82 49 29 4 0 102 284 2840 19 Edmonton 1992/93 84 26 50 8 0 60 337 2836
Lets make every team play 82 games, bringing up the 80's, down the 84's, and putting the Leafs on equal footing.
Rank Team Season GP W L T OTL PTS GA SA 1 Toronto 2013/14 82 42 32 0 8 92 217 3047 2 San Jose 1992/93 82 11 69 2 0 24 404 3007 3 Los Angeles 1993/94 82 26 44 12 0 64 314 2973 4 Quebec 1990/91 82 16 52 14 0 46 363 2935 5 Pittsburgh 1988/89 82 41 34 7 0 89 358 2927 6 Chicago 1987/88 82 31 42 9 0 71 336 2925 7 Buffalo 1995/96 82 33 42 7 0 73 262 2911 8 Atlanta 2001/02 82 19 47 11 5 54 288 2911 9 Los Angeles 1995/96 82 24 40 18 0 66 302 2905 10 San Jose 1991/92 82 17 60 5 0 39 368 2973 11 Washington 2005/06 82 29 41 0 12 70 306 2880 12 St. Louis 1993/94 82 39 32 11 0 89 276 2876 13 Florida 2005/06 82 37 34 0 11 85 257 2853 14 Florida 2008/09 82 41 30 0 11 93 231 2843 15 Pittsburgh 1995/96 82 49 29 4 0 102 284 2840 16 Edmonton 1993/94 82 24 44 14 0 62 298 2822 17 Los Angeles 1992/93 82 38 34 10 0 86 332 2819 18 Hartford 1992/93 82 25 51 6 0 56 360 2797 19 St. Louis 1992/93 82 36 35 11 0 83 271 2772 20 Edmonton 1992/93 82 25 49 8 0 58 329 2768
Yes, the Toronto Maple Leafs are on pace to give up more shots in 82 games than any team in recorded NHL history. The situation isn't just "worrisome", it's "catastrophically bad". When you consider that they're also on pace to take 855 fewer shots than they allow (2192), it gets impressively absurd.
Whether or not you believe the Leafs don't have to consistently outshoot teams if they focus on quality, this is too much of a disparity to make any sense. Yet, despite recent struggles, it's still kind of working.
But How?
Looking at the other adjusted stats, this year's Leafs are on pace for the second best regular season results out of any team on this list, one of three to cross over the 90 point mark. Sure, they aren't the 1995/96 Pittsburgh Penguins, but that team included Mario Lemieux scoring 60 goals in 69 games, and Jaromir Jagr notching a career high 149 points. What is making this survivable?
Pretty simply, it's the goaltending.
Team Season Starter GP SV% Backup GP SV% LAV TAV GAP Toronto 2013/14 Jonathan Bernier 19 0.929 James Reimer 14 0.932 0.915 0.931 0.016 San Jose 1992/93 Arturs Irbe 36 0.886 Jeff Hackett 36 0.856 0.885 0.867 -0.018 Los Angeles 1993/94 Kelly Hrudey 64 0.897 Robb Stauber 22 0.908 0.895 0.898 0.003 St. Louis 1993/94 Curtis Joseph 71 0.911 Jim Hrivnak 23 0.877 0.895 0.904 0.009 Buffalo 1995/96 Dominik Hasek 59 0.92 Andrei Trefilov 22 0.903 0.898 0.913 0.015 Atlanta 2001/02 Milan Hnilicka 60 0.908 Damian Rhodes 15 0.893 0.908 0.905 -0.003 Los Angeles 1995/96 Byron Dafoe 47 0.888 Kelly Hrudey 36 0.907 0.898 0.898 0 San Jose 1991/92 Jeff Hackett 42 0.892 Jarmo Myllys 27 0.867 0.888 0.879 -0.009 Edmonton 1993/94 Bill Ranford 71 0.898 Fred Brathwaite 19 0.889 0.895 0.897 0.002 Los Angeles 1992/93 Kelly Hrudey 50 0.887 Robb Stauber 31 0.888 0.885 0.884 -0.001 Washington 2005/06 Olaf Kolzig 59 0.896 Brent Johnson 28 0.905 0.901 0.899 -0.002 Hartford 1992/93 Sean Burke 50 0.876 Frank Pietrangelo 30 0.858 0.885 0.874 -0.011 Quebec 1990/91 Ron Tugnutt 56 0.885 Jacques Cloutier 15 0.884 0.886 0.878 -0.008 Pittsburgh 1988/89 Tom Barrasso 44 0.888 Wendell Young 22 0.863 0.879 0.88 0.001 Chicago 1987/88 Darren Pang 45 0.891 Bob Mason 41 0.882 0.88 0.887 0.007 Florida 2005/06 Roberto Luongo 75 0.914 Jamie McLennan 17 0.906 0.901 0.913 0.012 Florida 2008/09 Tomas Vokoun 59 0.926 Craig Anderson 31 0.924 0.908 0.925 0.017 St. Louis 1992/93 Curtis Joseph 68 0.911 Guy Hebert 24 0.883 0.885 0.905 0.020 Pittsburgh 1995/96 Tom Barasso 49 0.902 Ken Wregget 37 0.905 0.898 0.903 0.005 Edmonton 1992/93 Bill Ranford 67 0.884 Ron Tugnutt 26 0.879 0.885 0.882 -0.003
LAV = League Average SV% / TAV = Team Average SV% / GAP = TAV-LAV
Out of any starting or backup goaltender on this list, James Reimer and Jonathan Bernier have the best and second best save percentages. Many come from different eras, but even with that considered, Toronto's team average compared to the league average is still the third best disparity of the bunch.
Topping the list are the 1992/93 St. Louis Blues, who had Curtis Joseph in net for 68 games. For those old enough to remember, this was the year he had a 61 save performance in a 2-1 playoff double overtime loss to the Leafs (featuring a certain goal). His following year was equally impressive, only bogged down by backup Jim Hrivnak's horrendous 4-10-0 record and 0.877 save percentage.
Also ahead are a prime Tomas Vokoun and a "coming out party" Craig Anderson on the 2008/09 Panthers. amazingly, that team barely missed the playoffs, losing the 8th spot to Montreal on a tiebreaker.
The general rule you see in this list? Good goaltending was what kept these bad defensive teams alive. Of all the teams that managed even a 75 point pace, only one had a below-average save percentage (the 92/93 Kings, who went to the Stanley Cup Finals on Wayne Gretzky's stick and back).
Conclusion
I'm not offering you a solution to the Leafs' problems here. That will be something for another article. However, the Leafs' shots-against woes are beyond bad and into historically embarrassing. it may be time to petition for a goaltending duo to share a Hart Trophy.
Adam Sandler must be proud of this movie. That's the first thought that pops into my head when I'm mysteriously approved for an interview with the infamously tight-lipped comedian who, like fellow A-list funnyman Jim Carrey, usually adheres to a “TV interviews only” policy. But here we are at a generic hotel suite in downtown Toronto. The occasion is The Cobbler, Sandler's curious collaboration with indie filmmaking stud Tom McCarthy—the actor-turned-director responsible for critically acclaimed little-films-that-could like The Station Agent and The Visitor—which is premiering at the Toronto International Film Festival. He's one of the last people you'd expect to be involved in an Adam Sandler Joint, thus lending the project an air of intrigue.
In addition to The Cobbler, the 48-year-old schlub-lord stars as a disenchanted married dude whose porn addiction serves as a gateway drug to escorts in Jason Reitman's Men, Women & Children. Sure, he's turned in stellar performances as a rage-filled romantic in Punch-Drunk Love and a man struggling to cope with the aftermath of 9/11 in Reign Over Me, but needless to say, these films don't abide by the usual Sandler formula—namely, broad comedies with his pals set in exotic destinations he's keen on visiting.
“It just lands that way,” he says of his dramatic roles. “I get opportunities, and that's how it's landed. This would've never happened if Tom didn't write it and call me up, and I loved the script and am happy to be with the guy. I really enjoy doing these kinds of roles. It's fun.”
Sandler is, of course, coming off a murderer's row of critically-mauled films. Blended. Grown Ups 2. That's My Boy. Jack and Jill. Sandler doesn't read the nasty reviews, but he's damn well aware of them.
“I don't really read 'em,” he says with a shrug. “I hear about 'em, and have friends who called me up and told me how much they hated my last thing [Blended], and every move I make I hear how they don't like it. I don't sit there and read 'em, but am I excited that they say stuff like that? You know, I wish they could calm down a little bit.”
In person, the comedy megastar is pretty much how you'd expect him to be—affable, soft-spoken, and a tad reticent, perhaps even shy judging by his shaky legs. He's dressed in his de facto uniform of an oversized T-shirt, shorts, and sneakers. It's this wardrobe, coupled with his easygoing nature, that's made him the blue-collar king of comedy. “I grew up knowing that [blue-collar] world, and I'm not the best-looking human on the planet, but I can get by,” says Sandler with a chuckle.
In The Cobbler, he plays Max Simkin, a fourth-generation cobbler on the Lower East Side of Manhattan who discovers that, if he fixes a pair of shoes with his family's antique sewing machine, he'll be able to assume the person's identity by wearing the kicks.
According to McCarthy, Sandler was the only choice for the part of Simkin. “This is a role where I needed someone to do drama, to be quiet, to be soulful, to be believable working at this shop and from a working-class background, and he checked all the boxes,” says McCarthy. “It was a no-brainer.”
Getting Sandler onboard wasn't easy. First, McCarthy called Sandy Wernick, the comedian's longtime collaborator, who told him to hit the bricks. Then, he rang up Sandler's longtime pal (and former roommate) Judd Apatow, who passed the script along. “I read the script in bed with a bad shoulder,” says Sandler, grinning. “I was doped-up and lovin' the story.”
McCarthy describes the flick as “a little something between our two films in style,” and suggested that Sandler watch Marty for inspiration. He also took cobbling lessons, eventually becoming good enough to do a mediocre job replacing a pair of soles.
“All I wanted to do was please Daniel Day-Lewis,” says Sandler. “That was the goal—make sure Danny D. is happy.”
Either way, Sandler's come a long way since his first onscreen lead in 1995's Billy Madison, wherein the late Roger Ebert branded him, “Not an attractive screen presence… he might have a career as a villain or a fall guy or the butt of a joke.” I mention the scathing early review to Sandler, and he smiles.
“That's funny, man,” he says. “Well, agree. Let's get to that point.” Then, he turns to McCarthy. “I would do that for you, Tommy. Write me a villain! I could do that. That would be a great time.” Sandler pauses. “I'm filled with hate, and I would love to show it.”
I ask him where the hate bubbling beneath the surface comes from—a rage best exhibited by his SERENITY NOW! turn as the emasculated Barry Egan in the brilliant Punch-Drunk Love.
“Who knows?” he says. “Whatever works for the movie, I'll do. But in real life, do I snap? Yes. Do I fly off the handle? Yes.” He smiles big. “But I'm very quick to come back.”
Eventually, our talk veers to Saturday Night Live, the late-night sketch comedy program where Sandler first spread his wings. He says the early generation of SNLers like Bill Murray and Dan Aykroyd—and the films they made—inspired him as a comedian, and he speaks of Aykroyd, in particular, as a mentor of sorts, saying the two “talk about process” and that he's “a great teacher.” But Sandler was left with a sour taste in his mouth when he, along with his best friend Chris Farley, was fired from SNL in 1995.
“Yes, we were [fired],” says Sandler. “We kind of quit at the same time as being fired. It was the end of the run for us. The fact that me and him got fired? Who knows. We were on it for a few years, had our run, and everything happens for a reason. We kind of understood because we did our thing. It hurt a lot at the time because we were young and didn't know where we were going, but it all worked out.”
He pauses again. “I miss Farley,” he says. “He was a tour de force on the show and dominated. He could dominate anybody. There's nobody that can walk into a room and take over better than Farley. I haven't seen anyone since he's gone that's taken that spot. He's the strongest presence I've ever seen.”
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has signed a decree to scrap the unfinished Soviet-era missile cruiser 'Ukrayina' ('Ukraine'), which has been sitting for nearly thirty years at the docks of a shipyard in the port city of Mykolaiv, local media reports. Observers suggest that the decision is highly symbolic.
On Friday, Mikolaiv regional state administration deputy head Vyacheslav Bon met with workers at the 61 Communards Shipbuilding Yard, a massive Soviet-era shipyard which has faced hard times in recent years.
Bon informed workers about a decree by the Ukrainian President to demilitarize and sell off the missile cruiser Ukrayina. The decision has already been agreed by the Defense Ministry and the Ukroboronprom, Ukraine's state-owned defense concern, and is now awaiting the approval of the Finance and Justice ministries, he said.
"You have the cruiser Ukrayina sitting in your docks. A presidential decree on its demilitarization exists. If your remove the weapons and sell what's left, that will be enough to pay your back wages, and three times that left over," Bon said. "The ship has a frame and turbine engines, they are in demand," he added.
As of March 1, workers at the 61 Communards Shipbuilding Yard are owed 48,646,000 hryvnias, equivalent to about $1.8 million US, in back pay. Workers have been protesting, demanding to be paid what's owed to them. Earlier, workers had asked the state administration to try to convince the Defense Ministry to get the necessary funds for the Ukrayina's upkeep.
© Sputnik / Sergey Mamontov Missile cruiser Ukraine at the Nikolayev Shipbuilding Yard in Ukraine
© AP Photo / Sergei Polyakov Bargain Basement Gunboats: Ukraine Hopes to Rebuild Navy Using Old NATO Ships
Launched in 1990, just before to the collapse of the Soviet Union, the Ukrayina was left unfinished, estimated at 75-95% completion, and needing about $30 million in additional investment to be completed. Since then, Ukraine has held negotiations with the interested parties of Russia, China and India, although interest eventually went cold. In 2010, the Ukrainian parliament stripped the ship of its proud name, but failed to rename it.
The Ukrayina is a Slava-class cruiser, official classification Project 1164 Atlant, a late Soviet-era project developed in the 1980s. The warship class, nicknamed 'Aircraft Carrier Killer' due to its deadly arsenal, featured advanced radar, sonar and fire control systems, P-500 Bazalt anti-ship missiles, S-300F and OSA-M SAMs, 10 torpedo tubes, 2 RBU-6000 anti-sub mortars, 36 close-in AK-630s, and the ability to carry a Kamov Ka-27 helicopter.
Ten ships were planned, with three completed, with the Ukrayina's construction halted shortly before completion after the Soviet collapse. The three completed ships, the Moskva, Marshal Ustinov and Varyag remain in service in the Russian Navy, in the Baltic Sea, Northern Fleet and Pacific Fleet, respectively. All three ships have seen comprehensive overhauls and modernization.
© AFP 2018 / The Russian missile cruiser Moskva patrols in the Mediterranean Sea, off the coast of Syria, on December 17, 2015
Mikolaiv's shipyards, already on life support since the collapse of the Soviet Union (before that they were building everything from frigates to aircraft carriers) have been equally hard hit by the rupture in military-technical cooperation between Ukraine and Russia in recent years. Since the Maidan coup d'état of February 2014, many joint projects have been either frozen or cancelled altogether, with Russia also forced to cancel orders of Ukrainian parts and components, such as Mikolaiv's famous diesel turbine engines.
The Hubble Space Telescope has revealed that an extremely large exoplanet is so odd that it could be the centerpiece of its own Star Trek episode. WASP-12b, about twice the mass of Jupiter and three times the radius, is completely black. The bizarre world has the seemingly unique ability to trap at least 94 percent of the visible starlight falling into its atmosphere.
WASP-12b known as a "hot Jupiter." Like Jupiter, these exoplanets are gigantic and gaseous, and they are very close to their host stars. At a mere 2 million miles away from its star, WASP-12b is so hot that most molecules cannot form in the 4,600-degree-Fahrenheit day side of the planet, leaving the atmosphere full of pure atoms. It is one of the hottest exoplanets known (although not the hottest).
Because the heat prevents molecules from forming on WASP-12b, researchers believe there are no clouds to reflect light into space. As a result, light from the sun penetrates the planet's atmosphere. Deep inside the atmosphere, that light is absorbed by hydrogen atoms and converted to heat energy.
"We did not expect to find such a dark exoplanet," says lead researcher Taylor Bell of McGill University in a Hubble press release. "Most hot Jupiters reflect about 40 percent of starlight." The night side of WASP-12b is about 2,000 degrees cooler, which allows for water vapor and clouds to form. This discrepancy shows how much we still have to learn about hot Jupiters.
"This new Hubble research further demonstrates the vast diversity among the strange population of hot Jupiters," Bell says. "You can have planets like WASP-12b that are 4,600 degrees Fahrenheit and some that are 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit, and they're both called hot Jupiters. Past observations of hot Jupiters indicate that the temperature difference between the day and night sides of the planet increases with hotter day sides. This previous research suggests that more heat is being pumped into the day side of the planet, but the processes, such as winds, that carry the heat to the night side of the planet don't keep up the pace."
Planets outside our solar system are full of surprises. As we continue to learn, most of them are nothing like the ones in our little neighborhood.
Source: Hubble Space Telescope
Welcome to the official event for PokéCrawl Episode VII: Year of Pokémon!
This event is strictly 21+.
Prologue
Something strange is happening! Legendary Pokémon have started popping up all over the region and some of them look very familiar... perhaps you have a few hazy memories of facing them earlier in your drinking career? Or maybe that was someone on the internet? Who cares!? It's time to get out there, grab a drink and catch those bad boys to prove your team is the best around.
What is this?
The PokéCrawl is the PAX East version of Pre-PAX bar crawl. You may remember us from...the other six PokéCrawls? Maybe? Or how about the other PAX bar crawls: The Tri-Wizard Tournament or A Shot of Ice & Fire? The point is, we've done a few of these.
In any case, the PokéCrawl is a non-profit Pokémon themed bar crawl dedicated to raising money for Child's Play Charity. This means we will ask you for donations AND there will probably be cool things auctioned off over the course of the night. So don't be stingy - bring some extra cash and think of the children. It's also a great way to get drunk, meet fellow PAXers and make a few friends before the convention itself.
The crawl will be held in Boston's Faneuil Hall area. Check in will start at 7:15 at your team's first bar and every hour after that, you will go forth to a new bar to meet another team to humiliate with your elite drinking skills. All the bars will be walking distance to each other. We come as a group, and leave as a group, so don't get left behind!
What's New for Episode VII
• New(old?) team groups: R(ed) and B(lue)! Let the color confusion begin!
• New challenge format! This year we'll be switching the challenge process up to follow the format of PAX South's crawl. More details to come!
• Twitter: @PAXPokecrawl #Pokecrawl2016
How to Participate
Registration will open on April 5th, 2016 at 7:15PM Eastern. You can register through Eventbrite at:
http://pokecrawl2016.eventbrite.com
You'll be able to register yourself and a +1. Any duplicate or suspicious registrations will be deleted, so don't try pulling a fast one. When registration opens, there will not be a waitlist (blame Eventbrite). Any cancellations or spots that open up will immediately go back into the pool so if you didn't get a ticket, keep checking back. You will need to bring a printout of your registration or have it available on your smart device to check in at your first bar. We also ask that everyone donate at least $1 for Child's Play to receive the scorecard and team buttons.
How Do I Win?
There's really no winning, per se. This is pretty much a fun, drunken night out with fellow nerds. But as we are raising money for Child's Play, the team that raises the most cash will be declared the PokéChampions giving them full bragging rights until next year.
For those of you who do manage to finish all the challenges, there will be a button confirming the fact that you have indeed "drank 'em all".
Reminders:
• You MUST have a print out of your confirmation email or have it available on your smart phone.
• You MUST provide your full name during the registration process, forum handle is optional.
• You MUST be over the age of 21. No minors allowed. This is a bar crawl, please don't bring your children.
• Attendees are limited to registering for 2 tickets (Yourself + 1)
• If you harass people on the forums or the team Facebook pages, you will be removed from the crawl, and your ticket will go back into the pool.
• Duplicate/multiple orders or orders containing more than one ticket type, and otherwise suspicious orders will be cancelled. If you have an issue with registration, please contact me immediately.
• Don't come to the bars if you are not registered. We'd love to have you tag along, but we pretty much max out the bars as-is.
Other Stuff
Challenges and routes are coming soon. Keep an eye on the forum thread for more information!
On a recent episode of the Joe Rogan Experience (starting at the 2:10 mark), Rogan discusses an article I wrote previously on Science-Based Medicine about whole body cryotherapy (WBC). Rogan did not like my article, which he characterized as “poorly done and poorly researched.” He was discussing the article and WBC in general with his guest, Dr. Rhonda Patrick.
What this discussion revealed, in my opinion, is a significant lack of understanding of the roles of basic science research vs clinical research. Before I get to the discussion, here is a quick review of WBC.
Whole Body Cryotherapy
WBC involves exposing the whole body to extremely low temperatures, -200 to -240 degree F temperatures (-125 to -150 C) for 1.5-3 minutes. There are chambers where the head sticks out the top, and there are chambers that you step into entirely.
WBC is offered as a spa treatment, and not surprisingly there are a range of health claims made for the treatment, including the usual “detox,” “supports the immune system,” and “anti-inflammatory” effects. Specific claims are made for arthritis, exercise recovery, recovery from injury, and at the extreme end even curing serious diseases like cancer.
From a basic science perspective, a lot of interesting things happen when you stress the body by exposing it to extreme low temperatures. Histamine levels are decreased, norepinephrine is increased, TNFalpa activity is decreased, etc. It is therefore plausible that a biological effect from WBC can be exploited for clinical benefit. Effects seem to favor an anti-inflammatory effect, so application to inflammatory conditions is especially plausible.
This is now where the clinical evidence comes in. Knowing the physiological effects are not enough. The body is complex and it is extremely difficult to tease out all of the downstream effects from any intervention sufficient to predict net clinical effects. We always will still need clinical studies to determine clinical effects.
Questions that need to be addressed clinically are – for each specific indication, what is the net clinical effect, what is the magnitude of this effect, what is its duration, what are the side effects and compensatory effects, and how do various interventions compare? With this information we establish a net risk vs benefit for specific clinical applications compared to the risk vs benefit of other treatment options.
With regard to WBC the clinical evidence overall is preliminary. We lack rigorous definitive evidence. With regard specifically to recovery of muscle soreness, a 2015 Cochrane systematic review concluded:
There is insufficient evidence to determine whether whole–body cryotherapy (WBC) reduces self-reported muscle soreness, or improves subjective recovery, after exercise compared with passive rest or no WBC in physically active young adult males. There is no evidence on the use of this intervention in females or elite athletes. The lack of evidence on adverse events is important given that the exposure to extreme temperature presents a potential hazard. Further high-quality, well-reported research in this area is required and must provide detailed reporting of adverse events.
A 2016 update concluded.
I n summ ary, the body of evidence in thi s revi ew does not support the hy pothesis that whole body cry otherapy effectiv el y reduces m uscles soreness and or im prov es subject iv e recov e r y , after exercise in phy sically act ive y oung men. There is no ev idence on its us e in wom en or eli te athletes. I t's also im portant to note that the lack of evidence on adv erse event s means that one can not be confi de nt that this exposur e to extrem e cold air in either the short or long term is without potential harm s.
The updated review was a bit more negative in tone.
For arthritis, a 2014 systematic review found:
Cryotherapy should be included in RA therapeutic strategies as an adjunct therapy, with potential corticosteroid and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug dose-sparing effects. However, techniques and protocols should be more precisely defined in randomized controlled trials with stronger methodology.
There were six studies included, with generally weak methodology. What evidence we have is encouraging for subjective reduction in pain, but more rigorous trials are needed.
A 2015 study, published after the above review, compared WBC to traditional rehabilitation (TR) and found:
After therapy both groups exhibited similar improvement in pain, disease activity, fatigue, time of walking, and the number of steps over a distance of 50 m. Only significantly better results were observed in HAQ in TR group (p < 0.05). However, similar significant reduction in IL-6 and TNF-α level was observed. The results showed positive effects of a 2-week rehabilitation program for patients with RA regardless of the kind of the applied physical procedure.
A 2015 study on the use of WBC in chronic lower back pain had a double-blind placebo-controlled design, comparing WBC at -67C to sham cryotherapy at -5C. The study found:
Cryochamber therapy with -67 °C is not superior to (sham cryo chamber) with -5 °C.
I also found two studies looking at muscle function in ankylosing spondylitis showing positive effects, but these were small and unblinded studies. There was one study showing benefit for fatigue in MS patients.
Those of you familiar with science-based medicine and my articles here will recognize this pattern of evidence – there are promising basic science clues, but the clinical evidence is preliminary and mixed (small numbers total without rigorous controls), and as studies evolve to more rigorous and controlled designs the clinical effects tend to disappear. Meanwhile the popular claims being made are way beyond what is clinically proven.
At the present time I would characterize the overall clinical evidence for WBC for any indication as being preliminary, in some cases promising, but overall mixed. There is insufficient clinical evidence to conclude that WBC is safe and effective for any specific indication. Larger and more rigorous studies are needed, and specifically we need to compare WBC to less dramatic treatments, such as higher temperatures, local application, cold water exposure, and just traditional treatment methods.
The Rogan-Patrick Discussion
Rogan and Patrick did not agree with my conclusions, but they could not really contradict them because the evidence is the evidence. I cited the most recent systematic reviews of the clinical evidence, with any subsequent relevant studies.
Rogan simply stated I did not do sufficient research, which usually means, “he didn't cherry pick the studies I wanted him to.” It might mean, “he didn't base clinical claims on basic science research like I do.” He also offered anecdotal evidence.
Dr. Patrick focused on the basic science research, which is fine by itself. However, she made the classic mistake of failing to appreciate the limits of extrapolating from basic science research and the need for clinical research to address specific clinical claims.
In addition to anecdotes and basic science, she also offered rationalizations for why the clinical research has poor methodological rigor. She specifically said, how can you blind subjects to exposure to extreme cold?
Well, I referenced a study above that did just that. You can expose subjects to sham cryotherapy with cold temperatures, but not as cold as is typically used in WBC. At the very least that study suggests that we may not need to use extreme low temperatures, -5C is enough (of course, this also needs further study).
You can, in essence, look for a dose-response effect. You can expose subjects to varying temperatures for varying amounts of time and for varying numbers of treatments.
Dr. Patrick also offered as an explanation the claim that some scientists are just “closed minded” – yes, she played the tired, old “closed minded” card. Some scientists are just stuck in a loop of debunking, she feels. I guess you need to have an open mind (read “credulous”) to break out of that “dangerous” cycle.
This response – appeal to anecdotes, extrapolation from basic science, special pleading for lack of rigor, and appeal to “open mindedness” – is so predictable it is sad. You could insert any treatment in which the clinical evidence is insufficient to support the claims made and you will find the exact same set of rationalizations.
We know from extensive experience and a large and growing body of research looking at published scientific data itself that claims based on anecdotes, basic science, and preliminary or weak clinical evidence alone have a very poor track record of panning out when rigorous definitive clinical trials are ultimately done (most such claims will prove to be wrong).
Keep in mind, I am not saying that WBC cannot work (it's not homeopathy), or even that it does not work. I am not “poo” or “dismissing” WBC as Rogan seems to think. What I am doing is consistently applying a very carefully thought out and well-researched standard of clinical evidence to all clinical claims (a standard that I coined the term “science-based medicine” to represent).
Rogan and Patrick were unable to counter my assessment of the clinical evidence. They were unable to present clinical evidence I neglected. Instead they essentially argued for a lowering of the standard (sound familiar?), including the four strategies I listed above.
If they are going to legitimately disagree with where I set the threshold for reasonable clinical evidence, then they have to make that case, which they failed to do (and barely even addressed). I'm not saying they have to read the over 3,000 articles we have collectively published here and at SBM, that would not be fair. But they should have at least a minimal familiarity with our position.
They could start by reading:
Evidence Thresholds
Registering Studies Reduces Positive Outcomes
About SBM
I am always willing to have a conversation about the nature of clinical evidence, how to properly evaluate it, and how we know if a treatment is truly effective. Understanding patterns in the clinical research is complex, and I don't expect non-experts to understand all the nuances. I do expect, however, that if they wish to express a public opinion on the matter they will fairly engage with the issue and not resort to long-countered fallacious arguments.
Round two, laser edition! I'm once again joined by the badass Mr Hyde113, whose comments you can find in italics as per part one, which covered Gallente faction hulls.
Apocalypse Navy Issue
Oh, the Apoc Navy. Rooks and Kings used it to great success alongside triage and pantheon carrier groups, and Pandemic Legion's Foxcat doctrine became a staple of nullsec warfare. The hull remains remains great, apart from the fact that bombers exist. To be honest, I could happily stop there and move on to the ‘Geddon, but the editors would probably get mad at me so let's get stuck in.
Although on paper, the Apocalypse Navy Issue looks like more of a fleet battleship than a solo one, leave it to solo PvP mastermind BigMiker to go outside the box, and create the monster that is the nano-blaster NaPoc… that's right, BLASTERS. Take a look:
Both hulls get a really cool pair of bonuses – 7.5% Large Energy Turret Optimal and Tracking per level. As I said in the previous article; a good way to tell if a ship is useful or not is if it has at least one of a) a projection bonus or b) a tank bonus. This hull has both projection and application bonuses, which makes it great for dealing with cruiser fleets. This is, admittedly, also due to it having a ton of lows for the highest EHP battleship armour tank, coupled with the incredible triage Archon reps, but we'll get onto slot layout shortly. The regular Apoc has painfully low CPU, so the gain of 40tf seriously helps; the PG also goes up by 1000 MW (1250 after skills).
The slot layout lends itself to lots of variance in armour tanking capabilities – lots of damage and application mods vs lots of tanks, or something in between. That said, as with most Amarr ships, even with an armour tank you still hurt for mids. The vanilla Apoc has a 8/4/7 slot layout, with the Navy variant gaining an extra low up to 8/4/8 for MAXIMUM ARMOUR. With the big stats done, it's time for the nitty gritty:
as with most Amarr ships, even with an armour tank you still hurt for mids.
The buffer increases massively from 36k to 55k EHP, gained mostly in hull and armour but some shields as well (please don't shield tank your NApoc).
The capacitor drops by 250 from 7750 to 7500, with reduced cap regen, though the cargo bay is huge, going from 600m3 on the vanilla Apoc all the way up to a whopping 700m3 on the Navy version.
The NApoc gains 25 drone bay and bandwidth, 75 to 100 and 50 to 75 respectively, though the cargo bay drops by a whopping 50m3.
To align time gain isn't as much as we saw with the Gallente battleships, gaining only 0.4s align time from 10.8 to 10.4s. It does gain 9m/s base speed which actually scales up fairly significantly – a T2 MWD puts the difference at 1059 to 1125m/s.
Sensor strength goes up by 25% to 30, as well as slight gains in lock range and lock speed.
Sig goes down by 10m, again only really applicable when dreads are shooting you.
Similar to the Navy Mega, the Navy Apoc is a beefier, better version for just over double the price, but here without a pirate battleship moving in on its role, as the Nightmare and Bhaalgorn are very different ships. Its main issue is the lack of a utility high and, as previously mentioned, getting sent to the ownzone by bombers in nullsec fleets.
Armageddon Navy Issue
The Armageddon Navy Issue is statistically one of the least used ships in the game, even among the Navy Battleship line. It has the old-school Amarr bonus of 10% Large Energy Turret activation cost per level, a bonus whose upside is degraded somewhat by the second bonus: 5% bonus to Large Energy Turret rate of fire. Faster cycling means more cap use. Mathematically speaking, 5% RoF is a better damage output than 5% damage, but a 7.5% damage bonus would be much stronger. The cap bonus on the hull would mean more and it also means your volley damage increases significantly.
The Navy Geddon suffers from bad laser tracking and limited mid slots.
As an old school Amarr player, the Navy Geddon has a special place in my heart as a link to the past glory days of the old Geddon. See Kil2 aka CCP Rise's old Geddon video. Although it is certainly a capable solo laser brawler given the right situation (See my Navy Geddon Clip), the flexibility of the current drone-neut vanilla Geddon almost always makes it the better solo choice in today's meta. Like many old school laser boats (I'm looking at you, Absolution), the Navy Geddon suffers from bad laser tracking and limited mid slots.
If given the choice, I would love to see the Navy Geddon get the “Navy Harbinger” treatment, increasing flexibility through increased mid-slots and a tracking bonus.
My dream Navy Geddon (HINT HINT CCP) would be a 8/5/7 layout, with 6 turret hardpoints, 2 utility highs, a 10% Large Energy Turret damage bonus, and a 7.5% Large Energy Turret tracking bonus. This would be great for a few reasons:
1) It retains the laser boat heritage of the Geddon
2) It gives a hint of the current vanilla Geddon with the utility highs for neuts though they wouldn't be range bonused
3) It becomes vastly more flexible fitting wise with five mids
4) Dropping the laser cap usage bonus for tracking is slightly mitigated by reducing the number of turrets and swapping from RoF to Damage.
It would also serve as a Navy middle ground between the Nightmare and Bhaalgorn, while not intruding on either of those ships niches. The NApoc would still be the prefered fleet boat given its eight turret slots, eight low slots and range bonus, so it wouldn't really intrude on that, either.
a utility high which, to my knowledge, has never been more valuable on battleship hulls
The regular ‘Geddon has a slot layout of 7/4/7; the Navy gains two whole slots going up to 8/4/8. The Navy Geddon has 7 turret slots, including a utility high which, to my knowledge, has never been more valuable on battleship hulls than in the modern age of bombers, ECM drones, and missile swarms. The regular ‘Geddon gets the 10% bonus to NOS and Neut optimal range and 5% to falloff, as well as a more flexible unbonused hardpoint configuration, with the option of five turrets or launchers reminiscent of the Dragoon.
Core buffer goes from 42k to 55k, which is in line with other faction battleships. The regular 'Geddon has a fair bit of buffer to begin with so as a percentage increases it doesn't seem as proportional to the other battleships.
The regular ‘Geddon has a 10% hull bonus to drone damage/HP, so the drone bay actually drops from 275m3 to 200m3, retaining the same 125mbit bandwidth, which is still plenty generous and gives a good amount of versatility as well as the power of being able to drop five heavies.
Base speed goes up a whole 6m/s, meaning the Navy variant is actually quite quick for a battleship – not in the same realm as the Barghest or Machariel perhaps, but speedy nonetheless. Align time remains the same at 12.8 seconds.
Sensor strength goes up by around six from 25.2 to 31.2 (assuming max skills) and the lock range also gets a minor boost.
The sig drops by 50 – just over 11% – which could mean real damage mitigation from capital sized weapons.
As I've mentioned previously, some Navy ships are just beefier versions of their vanilla counterparts, as is the case with the Apoc Navy we discussed previously. This used to be true for the Navy ‘Geddon as well, before battleship tiericide turned the vanilla ‘Geddon into a neuting drone boat. If the Navy ‘Geddon had a balancing pass to put it in line with the Navy Harb and have it as a laser powered extension to the regular ‘Geddon it could make for a really cool ship, but for now it is stuck with a suboptimal slot layout and legacy hull bonuses that rob it of its potential badassery.
Bhaalgorn and Nightmare
neut range tends to be more powerful than neut amount
Now, coverage of the Amarr faction battleship line would not be complete with discussing Omir's Bhaalgorn and Sansha's Nightmare. A web range bonus, infinite NOS, and a NOS/neut number bonus (with the flat laser damage increase to compensate for four turrets) make the Bhaalgorn a super cool hull. Much of the time, neut range tends to be more powerful than neut amount, though we still see relevance in WH flights, the Alliance Tournament, and as a utility ship in larger armour comps. We've also seen Chessur do some pretty cool solo Bhaalgorn stuff (one of which I paid for and proceeded NOT to get a shoutout in the video #NotBitter). The Nightmare is itself a super interesting ship, effectively a midslot-heavy version of what Mr Hyde would like to see done to the Navy Geddon, but with the unique afterburner bonus to distinguish it as a pirate boat.
Really, not much is to be said for the comparison between the Navy Geddon and these two pirate faction battleships because the hull bonuses and slot layout make it a rather bland armour battleship. The Navy Apoc has those synergistic optimal and tracking bonuses which gives it a really cool role in fleet combat, but the ‘Geddon is just a little sad. Please CCP, #MakeGeddonsGreatAgain.
According to year end numbers from the Department of Homeland Security, illegal border crossings hit a 45 year low. In the first year of the Trump administration arrests of illegal immigrants are on the rise. Fighting illegal immigration has been at the forefront of this administration.
Homeland Security has reported 310,531 apprehensions nationwide in 2017 from January 1st to September 30th. Along the southern border there has been a total of 303,916 arrests in the same time frame as well as the arrests of 143,470 illegal immigrants living in the United States, a 25% uptick 2016.
Elaine Duke, the current Homeland Security Secretary attributes the success to the Trump administrations reversal of Obama era policies regarding immigration laws and enforcement.
“We have clearly seen the successful results of the President's commitment to supporting the front line officers and agents of DHS as they enforce the law and secure our borders…We have an obligation to uphold the integrity of our immigration system, but we must do more to step up and close loopholes to protect the American worker, our economy and our communities.” Elaine said.
Most people never give their water heater a second thought; however, did you know that anywhere from 30-50 gallons of emergency water can be found in your water heater, depending on its size? It is said that the human body requires around a gallon of water per day to survive, depending on conditions, and that's not including the water needed for cooking or bathing. Typically, your average 40 gallon water heaters would supply a single individual with enough safe drinking water for at least 5 weeks.
Today I am going to show you how to access this water. It's a pretty simple procedure, and in a grid-down situation, having this extra water on hand could save your life. This information is also good to know should you ever have a water heater that starts to leak; if you catch it in time, shutting down the cold water intake to the tank and draining it would prevent any water damage. When removing water from the tank, the first thing that you should do is turn off the power at the breaker-box. If yours is a gas heater, turn the thermostat to the “pilot” setting. Once you have turned off the power or gas, you then may continue with the following steps.
Step 1: Turn off the Water Supply / Only for Leaking Water Heater
Normally, if you have a leaking water heater, you are going to want to shut off the cold-water intake line going to the water heater so that water won't continue filling the tank. My water heater is marked with Red/Blue Indicators so I know which line is the cold-water intake line. However, if yours is not marked, feel the pipes and put a tag on the cold one so you know for future reference. Just follow the pipes coming out of the heater and you should see the shut off valves. When removing water from the heater to use in an emergency, you're going to want to leave these lines open. Leaving the water lines open can actually recover a couple of extra gallons that are in the pipes of your home, but if there is any chance the water supply could be tainted, be sure to close the cold-water intake line.
Cold-Water Inlet Marked With Blue
Step 2: Removing the Hot/Water
Next, you are going to want to open one of the hot-water faucets in one of your sinks. This will prevent a vacuum from forming in the lines, allowing the water to flow. After you have opened one of the hot water faucets, go back to your water heater and locate the drain valve. The drain valve is located near the bottom of the tank, and it looks like an outside garden faucet, only without the knob. Once you locate the valve, connect a garden hose (preferably a drink safe hose), like the one shown in the photo below.
Step 3: Open the Drain Valve
You can remove water, as needed, by opening the drain valve to collect the water. The valve on most water heaters is slotted like a regular screw so you're going to need a screwdriver for this. Slowly open the valve. In doing so, keep in mind that some older water heaters may have some sediment built up at the bottom of the tank, so you might want to run it through a bandanna or t-shirt. Water can be stored for up to six months, so if you are getting water from a tank that has been sitting for longer than six months, you will want to use a quality water filter to purify the water. If by any chance the grid should come back up, remember to refill the water tank before supplying it with power again; this is to prevent damage to your water heater. You do this by first making sure the drain valve is closed, and then opening up your cold-intake valve if you had it closed. Keep in mind, if you have a well with a pressure tank, you can get additional water from the pressure tank as well.
A Drifting Boat: Chinese Zen Poetry by Dennis Maloney
My Rating: ★★★★☆
All the poems are so well translated and seems to keep true to their original innocence and wonder. Each piece in this collection should be repeated multiple times to feel its true resonance – like the humming and the mumbling that these poets talk of when they talk of chanting poetry.
The gibbons chattering, the moonlight flowing over you, the soft wind caressing, the lofty mountains for friends, the white clouds playful all around and the other minute yet infinite details of a secluded life take special meaning in each repetitive but strangely innovative verse.
And of course, the boats keep drifting, empty, alone; filled only with the silver moonlight.
My favorite one:
River. Snow.
A thousand mountains.
Flying birds vanish.
Ten thousand paths.
Human traces erased.
One boat, bamboo hat, bark cape — an old man.
Alone with his hook. Cold river. Snow.
View all my reviews
Related articles
Advertisements
The origins of the term redneck actually go back to the 1930's in a number of disputes in West Virginia. A large group of unionized miners marched south to Logan County, to pressure the mine owners there to allow their miners to become unionized. To identify themselves, the miners all wore red bandannas around their necks. The publicity associated with the battles and the subsequent court cases created the term red-necks, and at that time they were viewed as the good guys in the conflict.
Originally, the term came from the later 1800's in southern Georgia and Alabama to refer to sharecroppers who worked in the fields thus getting a sunburned neck. They were called 'rednecks' as a term meant for hardworking people. Today, the term is used by comedians and commentators to refer to people who are uneducated, close-minded and racist individuals.
The origins of this term Redneck are Scottish and refer to supporters of the National Covenant and The Solemn League and Covenant, or "Covenanters", largely Lowland Presbyterians, many of whom would flee Scotland for Ulster (Northern Ireland) during persecutions by the British Crown. The Covenanters of 1638 and 1641 signed the documents that stated that Scotland desired the Presbyterian form of church government and would not accept the Church of England as its official state church.
Many Covenanters signed in their own blood and wore red pieces of cloth around their necks as distinctive insignia; hence the term "Red neck", (rednecks) which became slang for a Scottish dissenter*. One Scottish immigrant, interviewed by the author, remembered a Presbyterian minister, one Dr. Coulter, in Glasgow in the 1940's wearing a red clerical collar -- is this symbolic of the "rednecks"?
Since many Ulster-Scottish settlers in America (especially the South) were Presbyterian, the term was applied to them, and then, later, their Southern descendants. One of the earliest examples of its use comes from 1830, when an author noted that "red-neck" was a "name bestowed upon the Presbyterians." It makes you wonder if the originators of the ever-present "redneck" joke are aware of the term's origins - Rednecks?
*Another term for Presbyterians in Ireland was a "Blackmouth". Members of the Church of Ireland (Anglicans) used this as a slur, referring to the fact that one could tell a Presbyterian by the black stains around his mouth from eating blackberries while at secret, illegal Presbyterian Church Services in the countryside.
Source: Scottish History Online
Having been born in Alabama in the 1930s, I heard the term "redneck" long before George Wallace was ever heard of. It has been in popular use to describe rural southerners for as long as I can remember.
19 people found this useful
The Taguba Report (May 2004) is the common name of an official Army Regulation 15-6 military inquiry conducted in 2004 into the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse by the United States military forces in Iraq.
Initiation [ edit ]
Lieutenant General Ricardo Sanchez, the senior officer in Iraq, appointed Major General Antonio Taguba to open an Army Regulation 15-6 investigation into the conduct of the 800th Military Police Brigade.[1][2]
According to the report, the inquiry was initiated because:
"LTG Sanchez requested an investigation of detention and internment operations by the Brigade from 1 November 2003 to present. LTG Sanchez cited recent reports of detainee abuse, escapes from confinement facilities, and accountability lapses, which indicated systemic problems within the brigade and suggested a lack of clear standards, proficiency, and leadership."
Findings [ edit ]
In his Findings of Fact, Major General Taguba wrote:
"That between October and December 2003, at the Abu Ghraib Confinement Facility (BCCF), numerous incidents of sadistic, blatant, and wanton criminal abuses were inflicted on several detainees. This systemic and illegal abuse of detainees was intentionally perpetrated by several members of the military police guard force (372nd Military Police Company, 320th Military Police Battalion, 800th MP Brigade), in Tier (section) 1-A of the Abu Ghraib Prison (BCCF). The allegations of abuse were substantiated by detailed witness statements (ANNEX 26) and the discovery of extremely graphic photographic evidence...In addition to the aforementioned crimes, there were also abuses committed by members of the 325th MI Battalion, 205th MI Brigade, and Joint Interrogation and Debriefing Center (JIDC). Specifically, on 24 November 2003, [name redacted] , 205th MI Brigade, sought to degrade a detainee by having him strip and returned to cell naked. (ANNEXES 26 and 53)".
In addition he found:
"...that the intentional abuse of detainees by military police personnel included the following acts:
a. (S) Punching, slapping, and kicking detainees; jumping on their naked feet;
b. (S) Videotaping and photographing naked male and female detainees;
c. (S) Forcibly arranging detainees in various sexually explicit positions for photographing;
d. (S) Forcing detainees to remove their clothing and keeping them naked for several days at a time;
e. (S) Forcing naked male detainees to wear women's underwear;
f. (S) Forcing groups of male detainees to masturbate themselves while being photographed and videotaped;
g. (S) Arranging naked male detainees in a pile and then jumping on them;
h. (S) Positioning a naked detainee on a MRE Box, with a sandbag on his head, and attaching wires to his fingers, toes, and penis to simulate electric torture;
i. (S) Writing “I am a Rapeist” (sic) on the leg of a detainee alleged to have forcibly raped a 15-year old fellow detainee, and then photographing him naked;
j. (S) Placing a dog chain or strap around a naked detainee's neck and having a female Soldier pose for a picture;
k. (S) A male MP guard having sex with a female detainee;
l. (S) Using military working dogs (without muzzles) to intimidate and frighten detainees, and in at least one case biting and severely injuring a detainee;
m. (S) Taking photographs of dead Iraqi detainees. (ANNEXES 25 and 26)"
And that these "...findings are amply supported by written confessions provided by several of the suspects, written statements provided by detainees, and witness statements."
Major General Taguba also determined that the testimony of several detainees was "...credible based on the clarity of their statements and supporting evidence provided by other witnesses (ANNEX 26)". The detainees described the following acts of abuse:
"a. (U) Breaking chemical lights and pouring the phosphoric liquid on detainees;
b. (U) Threatening detainees with a charged 9mm pistol;
c. (U) Pouring cold water on naked detainees;
d. (U) Beating detainees with a broom handle and a chair;
e. (U) Threatening male detainees with rape;
f. (U) Allowing a military police guard to stitch the wound of a detainee who was injured after being slammed against the wall in his cell;
g. (U) Sodomizing a detainee with a chemical light and perhaps a broom stick.
h. (U) Using military working dogs to frighten and intimidate detainees with threats of attack, and in one instance actually biting a detainee."
[3]
The Report recommended increased training of interrogators and the dissemination of information regarding the treatment of prisoners, both actions emphasizing the Geneva Conventions.[4]
The Report team was also tasked with addressing the problem of detainee escapes. The Report found significant inconsistencies in the handling and processing of detainees. It recommended the standardization of detainee processing routines, the updating of accounting systems, the improvement of structural features, and several other recommendations.[4]
See also [ edit ]
The current U.S. population is about 318 million. Approximately 25 percent of these people are younger than 18 years of age, which leaves roughly 239 million adults. Of these, therefore, the 1% with the greatest incomes number about 2,390,000 persons. How many of these do you suppose possess extraordinary political clout?
My not-entirely-wild guess is perhaps 460,000 persons (300,000 at the county level only [that's allowing roughly 1,000 per county on average], 150,000 at the state level only [that's allowing roughly 3,000 per state on average], and 10,000 at the federal level). I'm certain that this overall estimate is on the high side of the truth, given any reasonable definition of “extraordinary political clout.”
Therefore, of the 1% of the adult population with the greatest incomes, fewer than 20% of them might conceivably be charged with using political clout to achieve their high standing on the income scale. My personal hunch is that the foregoing back-of-the-envelope estimates greatly overstate the number of people with extraordinary political clout. My better guess would be that such people amount to perhaps 10% of the so-called 1%—that is, to roughly 46,000 persons—at most.
So lighten up, envy fiends. And do bear in mind how many of the top earners are professional athletes, entertainers, successful doctors, lawyers, architects, scientists, engineers, software developers, and other professionals—hell, even some professors make it into the group—as well as owners and managers of medium-size businesses of various sorts; in short, members of a group with few politically powerful members. If you're looking for plutocrats, you'll need better aim than the present “Occupy” people purport to employ. You'll need to aim not at the 1%, but at the 0.1%, and you'll need to spread your fire, too, because most of them are nowhere near Washington, D.C. Good hunting.
While you are firing away, however, you might consider that your actual quarry—the genuine, honest-to-God plutocrats—may well not amount even to the 46,000 estimated above, but only to half that many, or even fewer. Moreover, many of these hated rulers of the universe are persons who, notwithstanding their use of state power to help enrich themselves, are sufficiently talented and driven that they would earn very high incomes even if stripped of their political clout. In sum, revolutionary Occupiers, do not set your guillotines to work too vigorously. You might just notice that after you have lopped off all the heads you consider unworthy of remaining attached to plutocratic bodies, the economy no longer works as well as it did before.
Tags: Envy, Inequality, Politics, Power
To assemble this collection of jokes, The Post contacted dozens of comics, ranging from top-dollar headliners in Vegas to regulars on “Late Night” and “The Daily Show” to up-and-comers who do alt-comedy at local bars. We asked them to tell us the best gag they'd written in the past year and their favorite punch line delivered by another comedian. So according to some of the funniest people on earth, these are the 50 most hilarious jokes of the last 12 months, whether they were told in nightclubs, on television or around a platter of fries at a late-night diner meal. Feel free to incite your own laugh riot.
Roseanne
A doctor tells a guy: “I have bad news. You have Alzheimer's, and you have cancer.” Guy says, “Thank God I don't have cancer.”
Jackie Mason
Hillary Clinton says she's the most qualified because she was married to a president for eight years. Now let me ask you, if a brain surgeon quit his job, would everyone in the operating room say, “Wait, let's get his wife.”
Lisa Lampanelli
I was watching Gene Simmons' TV show, “Family Jewels.” Or as it's known in the business, ” ‘The Osbournes' Without the Talented Father.”
Laura Kightlinger
After miraculously surviving two heart surgeries, pneumonia and a mild stroke, at 82 my grandfather was no longer able to care for himself. Now he lives with my aunt who spoon-feeds him, takes him to the bathroom, etc. Proof that what doesn't kill you makes you a burden to someone else.
Bill Maher
Barack Obama bowled a 37. Is he black enough for you now?
Bobby Slayton
I got a teenage daughter and a menopausal wife. One's getting breasts, one's getting whiskers. My life is over.
Jeffrey Ross
John McCain is so old that running for President is on his bucket list.
Tomi Walamies
My uncle is in a coma – he's living the dream. (Paul Provenza's favorite)
Nick Dipaolo
I think I might vote for Barack Obama. Because I live in New York City and have been giving black guys change for the past 10 years. I want to see what it feels like for a black guy to give me change.
Artie Lange
Alex Rodriguez never gets clutch hits in October, yet his fans insist on comparing him to Babe Ruth. So A-Rod tries to get as close as he can to Ruth-type achievements. Before the playoffs last year, A-Rod went to a hospital and promised a dying kid that he'd ground out to second Base for him. And I was at the game, people, it's true – A-Rod pointed to second Base.
Triumph the Insult Comic Dog
At the Tony Awards: I'm here with Harvey Fierstein, nominated tonight for the “I Hate Vagina Monologues.”
Seth Herzog
I took nine years of French, but I can't remember any of it. I realized on the plane ride over that if someone doesn't ask me what color my hat is, I'll have nothing to talk about for two weeks.
Earthquake
You know why the US can't find Osama Bin Laden? They're using the wrong agency to look for him. Don't send the Army, Navy, Marines or the CIA – send Child Support!
Harland Williams
I was eating an orange the other day and a friend said, “Did you know nothing rhymes with ‘orange?' ” So, I threw the orange at his head and said, “Now your face is swollen red 'cause I just threw an orange at your big fat head. Does that rhyme with ‘orange,' you jackass?”
Conan O'Brien
To America, there's just something about Charlie Sheen working with children that “feels right.”
(Bill Maher's favorite)
Wendy Liebman
My husband wanted one of those big-screen TVs for his birthday. I just moved his chair closer to the one we already have.
Seth Meyers
During a “Weekend Update” segment about Eliot Spitzer: And you wanted to have sex with a hooker but you didn't want to wear a condom? Really?!? That might not be scary if you were client number 1, but you were client number 9. I wear a condom if I'm ninth in line at the deli.
(Robert “Triumph the Insult Comic Dog” Smigel's favorite)
Hannibal Buress
I got a fortune cookie today. It said I should invest in something fun on four wheels. I don't know if that meant I should get a new car, or a prostitute on one roller skate.
Louis C.K.
On his daughter's diaper: There was so much poop. It didn't look like a baby's poop. It looked like a 55-year-old alcoholic took a dump
(Nick Dipaolo's favorite)
Emo Philips
Cellphones are like a dog's nipples. You don't have to shout into them!
Nick Thune
Tupac Shakur's mother was a Black Panther. His father was a regular panther. (Russell Peters' favorite)
Jonathan Katz
I was a kid during the height of the Cold War. If I did something wrong, my parents just accused me of being a communist.
Jim Florentine
I'm sick of Heather Mills. Now that she's divorced, let her go marry the drummer from Def Leppard. They can rub their stumps together.
Ophira Eisenberg
I'm still in my first marriage. I know, it's wrong to talk about it so temporary like that. My current husband hates it when I do that.
Jim Norton
I never liked Eliot Spitzer until he got busted with a hooker. Then I was sorry to see him leave office. I felt like there was finally someone in the government who represented my interests.
Sean Keane
My girlfriend said, “I hate it when you finish my sentences.” So I said, “Period.”
(Harland Williams' favorite)
George Carlin
Why do they put alcohol on the arm of a death row inmate before they give him the needle? Are they afraid he might get an infection?
(Jackie Mason's favorite)
Greg Proops
They say Hillary Clinton has a bad personality. Really? I forgot about Dick Cheney's wow factor.
Robert Duchaine
Almost all serial killers are men. That's 'cause women like to kill one man slowly over many, many years.
(Bobby Slayton's favorite)
David Brenner
Gasoline prices are highest in Hawaii, closing in on $4 a gallon. President Bush said, “See, I told you it wasn't only in our country!”
John Oliver
One hundred and fifty years ago, England was fueled primarily from burning Catholics. It's a naturally renewable resource.
(Seth Herzog's favorite)
Liam McEneaney
They say gay people have “gaydar,” which lets them figure out who else is gay. Waiters in expensive restaurants have something similar, called “poor-dar.” They always know I shouldn't be there, and I can tell by the way they talk to me: “Sir, can I take your coat – out back and burn it?” “Can I call you a car – or will you be riding a boxcar out of town?”
Carolyn Castiglia
My mom says to me, “Honey, I don't want you to think I have diabetes because I'm fat. I have diabetes because it runs in our family.” I said, “No, mom, you have diabetes because no one runs in our family!” (Adira Amram's favorite)
David Wain
Have you heard they're doing a sequel to “Brokeback Mountain?”
No, what's it called?
“Brokeback Mountain 2.”
Desiree Burch
I don't wear vanilla-scented lotion or perfume. Most girls love that crap, but I can't do it. ‘Cause I can't be the fat girl that smells like Rice Krispie treats. Can't do it. People are all like, “God, Desiree! Did you eat again?!”
Marc Maron
It's significant Barack Obama is running. I think it's important for black people to have a chance to be misrepresented by one of their own.
(Greg Proops' favorite)
Todd Levin
I just got engaged. My fiancée won't take my name because “Lisa Levin” sounds awful. So she's just going to remain Lisa Hitler. I understand – it's a family name.
Josh Comers
I had a bully as a kid. He was dyslexic, so he used to stick “Me Kick” signs on my back. Then everyone thought I was the bully – with bad grammar and the courtesy to give a heads-up.
(Liam McEneaney's favorite)
Freddie Roman
A couple is married for 47 years and the woman dies. At the funeral, the pallbearers swing the coffin, which hits a wall. From inside the coffin, the woman yells, “Oh, my God!” She lived another four years. She dies again. The pallbearers are swinging the coffin. The husband yells, “Watch out for the wall!” (David Wain's favorite)
Dave Attell
I hate to travel. I guess it's because my father used to beat me with a globe.
(Todd Levin's favorite)
The AVE Mizar (named after the star Mizar) was a roadable aircraft built between 1971 and 1973 by Advanced Vehicle Engineers (AVE) of Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California. The company was started by Henry Smolinski and Harold Blake, both graduates of Northrop Institute of Technology's aeronautical engineering school.[1]
Development [ edit ]
The prototypes of the Mizar were made by mating the rear portion of a Cessna Skymaster to a Ford Pinto.[2] The pod-and-twin-boom configuration of the Skymaster was a convenient starting point for a hybrid automobile/airplane. The passenger space and front engine of the Skymaster were removed, leaving an airframe ready to attach to a small car. AVE planned to have its own airframe purpose-built by a subcontractor for production models, rather than depending on Cessna for airframes.[3]
According to Peterson's Complete Ford Book, by mid-1973, two prototypes had been built and three more were under construction. One prototype was slated for static display at a Van Nuys Ford dealership, owned by AVE partner Bert Boeckmann. The other prototype, fitted with a Teledyne Continental Motors 210 horsepower (160 kW) engine, was unveiled to the press on May 8, 1973. It then began a series of taxi tests at Van Nuys Airport. AVE made special arrangements to do flight testing at the U.S. Navy's test facilities at Naval Air Station Point Mugu, California. AVE stated that Federal Aviation Administration certification flights were underway in mid-1973.[4][5]
The Mizar was intended to use both the aircraft engine and the car engine for takeoff. This would considerably shorten the takeoff roll. Once in the air, the car engine would be turned off. Upon landing, the four-wheel braking would stop the craft in 525 feet (160 m) or less. On the ground, telescoping wing supports would be extended and the airframe would be tied down like any other aircraft. The Pinto could be quickly unbolted from the airframe and driven away.[5]
Production was scheduled to begin in 1974. AVE had stated that prices would range from US$18,300 to US$29,000.[5]
On a test flight from Camarillo Airport in California on August 26, 1973, according to test pilot Charles "Red" Janisse, the right wing strut base mounting attachment failed soon after takeoff. Because turning the aircraft would put too much stress on the unsupported wing, Janisse put the aircraft down in a bean field. After the roadway was closed to traffic, Janisse drove the otherwise undamaged aircraft back to the airport.
On September 11, 1973, during a test flight at Camarillo, the right wing strut again detached from the Pinto. With Janisse not available for this test flight, Mizar creator Smolinski was at the controls. Although some reports say the Pinto separated from the airframe, an air traffic controller, watching through binoculars, said the right wing folded. According to Janisse, the wing folded because the pilot tried to turn the aircraft when the wing strut support failed. Smolinski and the Vice President of AVE, Harold Blake, were killed in the resulting fiery crash.
Even though the Pinto was a light car, the total aircraft without passengers or fuel was already slightly over the certified gross weight of a Skymaster. However, in addition to poor design and loose parts, the National Transportation Safety Board reported that bad welds were partly responsible for the crash, with the right wing strut attachment failing at a body panel of the Pinto.[6][7]
Specifications [ edit ]
Data from Special Use Vehicles: An Illustrated History of Unconventional Cars and Trucks Worldwide and Peterson's Complete Ford Book
General characteristics
Crew: one, pilot
one, pilot Capacity: three passengers
three passengers Length: 28 ft (8.5 m)
28 ft (8.5 m) Wingspan: 38 ft 0 in (11.58 m)
38 ft 0 in (11.58 m) Height: 8½ ft ()
8½ ft () Wing area: 201 ft² (18.7 m²)
201 ft² (18.7 m²) Powerplant: 1 × Continental IO-360-C, 210 hp (157 kW)
Performance
Service ceiling: 12,000 ft ()
See also [ edit ]
Related development
Aircraft of comparable role, configuration and era
Once again it is that time of year when the NFL Draft is upon us. Each year, LWOS explores the top three draft needs for each team, and this article's focus is the San Francisco 49ers. General manager Trent Baalke is entering his 11th year with the 49ers, and this may prove to be one of his most challenging drafts considering the situation concerning Colin Kaepernick. Also, this will be Baalke's first time managing the draft with new head coach Chip Kelly. The 49ers have a total of twelve picks in this year's draft. Though seven of those picks do not happen until the fifth or sixth round, they are still valuable, and twelve is an abundance of picks. The 49ers first pick is at number seven in round one, and the issue they most need to address is obvious at this point. It's the biggest concern for most teams in the league.
San Francisco 49ers 2016 NFL Draft: Top Three Needs
Quarterback
The Colin Kaepernick situation in San Francisco has been treacherous since he was benched last season and placed on injured reserve. As of April 1st, Kaepernick's contract of $11.9 million for 2016 is guaranteed, yet rumors still abound that the Denver Broncos and John Elway are trying to obtain the 28-year-old quarterback from San Francisco. The 49ers played Blaine Gabbert last season when Kaepernick went down. Though Gabbert did show flashes of talent last season, in no way did he prove himself to be a long term solution for the team. With Thad Lewis as the 49ers third option, Trent Baalke should be looking to take a quarterback with his seventh pick.
At the top of most people's lists are Carson Wentz and Jared Goff. With the latest move by the Los Angeles Rams to acquire the first pick in the draft from the Titans, odds are one of those two players will be gone by the seventh pick. Even though the Browns picked up Robert Griffin III this off-season, there are still questions surrounding his durability, so both Wentz and Goff may be off the board. The Dallas Cowboys, who pick fourth, may need to add a quarterback to the roster as well. With Tony Romo nearing the end of his playing days, now would be the time to draft a young quarterback and start grooming him. Paxton Lynch and Dak Prescott could be options considering Chip Kelly likes a mobile quarterback, and runs his offense at lightning speed. If the 49ers and Kelly are looking for a pro-style quarterback, Connor Cook and Christian Hackenberg could also be viable options, even though Hackenberg's draft stock did fall a bit during the draft combine. The best option that will be available to San Francisco with the seventh pick seems to be Connor Cook. Cook is 6'4″ and 220 pounds so he has all the size needed, and a strong arm. Though Cook only had a 57.5 completion percentage at Michigan St., he did finish his four-year career at the school with 9,194 yards, 71 touchdowns and only 22 interceptions.
Linebacker
Patrick Willis' retirement after the 2014 season left a large void not only in the 49ers locker room, but in their defense as well. And things got no better when Chris Borland decided to quit football entirely in March of 2015. Navarro Bowman tore his left ACL and MCL in the 2013 NFC Championship game, and is still getting back to the player he was before his injury. San Francisco's only real all-pro talent left at linebacker is Ahmad Brooks, and his is entering his 11th year in the league.
Reggie Ragland out of Alabama could be a good fit for the 49ers, and is one of the top prospects coming out of the draft at linebacker. At a height of 6'1″ and weighing 247 pounds, Ragland has the necessary size to play the position. Ragland also shows the instincts and toughness needed to be a success in the NFL. In 2015, Ragland had 102 tackles, seven pass break ups, and 2.5 sacks for the Crimson Tide. Jaylon Smith from Notre Dame, and Myles Jack out of UCLA were both thought to be high draft picks coming out of college. But both suffered serious knee injuries last season, and there was worry during the combine that both players could have long term issues with their knees. In fact, there is doubt that Jaylon Smith will even be able to play in 2016. At 6'0″ and 245 pounds, Kentrell Brothers, out of Missouri, is an option for Chip Kelly if he is looking for speed at linebacker. Brothers recorded an outstanding 152 tackles for Missouri in 2015, 12 of them for a loss. He also had 2.5 sacks, and has the ability to makes plays on the perimeter due to his quickness. Although Brothers draft stock fell a little after the combine, he still has the potential to be a big play threat at the linebacker position.
Offensive Line
San Francisco's offensive line has been in a state of decline the past few seasons. This off-season started out with left guard Alex Boone leaving for the Minnesota Vikings. The team did re-sign guard Jordan Devey, but he is considered by many to be the team's worst linemen. Left tackle Joe Staley and center Mike Kilgore, if health, will fortunately be returning to the team. Also, the 49ers did sign Zane Beadles from the Jacksonville Jaguars during free-agency, most likely to fill the whole left by Boone at left tackle. This means that the right side of the 49ers offensive line is wide open. If Anthony Davis returns from retirement he could fill the right tackle spot, be he shouldn't be counted on as that decision is still somewhat up in the air. San Francisco does have Brandon Thomas, Ian Silberman, and Colin Kelly on their roster, but none really have the capabilities of a Boone or Staley.
Though this year is considered to be a weak draft class at guard, there is NFL level talent coming out at tackle. Laremy Tunsil out of Old Miss is the top rated offensive linemen coming out of the draft. Tunsil is 6'5″, 310 pounds. Before the recent trade with the Rams, it was rumored that Tunsil may go at pick number one to the Tennessee Titans. Tunsil has a great skill set for the NFL. He has a natural knee bend, quickness, and agility. He would be a great blind side blocker if he falls to pick seven for the 49ers. Notre Dame standout Ronnie Stanley had a great performance at the combine, and would be a good fit at right tackle. Stanley has all the strength and athleticism to be a Pro Bowl player in the league, and is a great pass protector. Another player at the top of most linemen rankings is Joshua Garnett from Stanford. Garnett has the ability to be a great pulling guard and run blocker, which could be useful in a Chip Kelly style offense. Garnett does need to add some upper body strength, but lifted well on bench press at the combine, and should be there for the 49ers to take at pick seven.
This article is about the 2012 horror thriller film. For the York, Pennsylvania urban legend by the same name, see Seven Gates of Hell
Toad Road Theatrical film poster Directed by Jason Banker Produced by Jason Banker
Liz Levine
Adrian Salpeter Written by Jason Banker Starring Sara Anne Jones
James Davidson
Jim Driscoll Music by Dag Rosenqvist Cinematography Jason Banker
Jorge Torres-Torres Edited by Jorge Torres-Torres Production
company Blackout Films Distributed by The Woodshed
Artsploitation
Random Bench Productions Release date July 26, 2012 ( ) (Fantasia Film Festival)
(Fantasia Film Festival) October 18, 2013 ( ) (United States)
(United States)
Running time 76 minutes Country United States Language English
Toad Road is a 2012 American independent horror thriller film directed and written by Jason Banker. Toad Road stars Sara Anne Jones, who died of a drug overdose shortly after the film's premiere,[1] as a young college student that is introduced to drugs and becomes obsessed with an urban legend about a road leading to Hell. The film premiered at the Fantasia Film Festival and had a limited release in October 2013.
Plot [ edit ]
Slacker James and his friends spend their days abusing alcohol and drugs and their nights at various parties. He moves through his life with a sense of boredom until he meets Sara, a college student seeking enlightenment from drugs. Knowing that this would prove harmful to her, James tries to dissuade Sara from this idea but is ultimately unsuccessful. As she becomes more and more addicted to drugs, Sara becomes obsessed with the idea of Toad Road, a road in York, Pennsylvania, that possesses seven gates rumored to lead directly to Hell. Legends state that each gate, once passed, cause increasing disorientation and eventual loss of self.
She persuades James to join her in an excursion to Toad Road, where the two take acid and eventually become separated. James ends up passing out and upon waking, finds that six months have passed since he and Sara went to Toad Road. She has been reported as missing and he is considered to be a person of interest in her disappearance. While he was missing, his friends have returned home, and he no longer has a place to stay. He moves into a shack owned by his uncle, and, pressed for details by the police and locals, turns to self-destructive activities, such as encouraging people to beat him up. Battered and feeling guilty about Sara's disappearance, he is haunted by visions of Sara. James asks her if he is responsible for her disappearance, but he receives no answer.
Cast [ edit ]
Sara Anne Jones as Sara
James Davidson as James
Jim Driscoll as Detective
Whitleigh Higuera as Whitleigh
Damon Johansen as Uncle Damon
Andy Martin as Psychiatrist
Scott Rader as Scott
Jamie Siebold as Jamie
Donnie Simmons as Donnie
James Wyatt as Driver
Production [ edit ]
Banker first began working on Toad Road in 2008 and cast Jones as Sara, a college student addicted to drugs that becomes fascinated with the legend of Toad Road. He stated that he wanted to use the idea of drug addiction as a foil to the idea of the urban legend of Toad Road.[1] Banker was inspired to create the film after watching footage for his documentary All Tomorrow's Parties.[2] Of the party footage, Banker commented that while the footage was great, it didn't "really [say] anything" and that it would be interesting to create a story "that felt like this but actually went and had a real story to it".[2] Elijah Wood came across the film in 2012 during the film festival Nightmare City and decided to help produce Toad Road.[2] Many of the scenes were improvised. Banker said he shot "a wealth a footage", then edited it into a series of tonal shifts.[3] The cast were non-professionals that Banker recruited from social networking website Myspace. The interpersonal conflicts were in some cases real, as Banker wanted to find a group with natural and existing tensions. He intended to shoot the entire film himself but eventually called in Jorge Torres-Torres to assist.[4]
Release [ edit ]
Toad Road premiered at the Fantasia Film Festival on July 26, 2012,[5] and had a limited theatrical release in which it opened October 18, 2013, in Los Angeles and a week later in New York.[6] It was released on DVD and video on demand on December 10, 2013.[7]
Reception [ edit ]
Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 83% of six surveyed critics gave it a positive review; the average rating was 5.6/10.[8] Metacritic rated it 54/100.[9] Dennis Harvey of Variety wrote that the film does not deliver on its promised horror elements but might be better appreciated as a slice of life drama. Harvey states that it is "intriguing if still somewhat unsatisfying on those terms", but it may reward repeat viewings.[10] Frank Scheck of The Hollywood Reporter called it "audacious but aimless".[11] Jeannette Catsoulis of The New York Times called it an "uncomfortably authentic drama about the horrors of dedicated drug use" that "never overcomes the fact that watching drugged-out wastrels is rarely interesting".[12] Martin Tsai of The Los Angeles Times called it "a junkie hipster spin on the unreliable-narrator conceit" that is like "the CliffsNotes version of Dante Alighieri's Inferno".[13] Samuel Zimmerman of Fangoria rated it 3.5/4 stars and wrote that the film's depiction of wasted suburban youth is unoriginal but raw, and it is "where the unstaged, more truly frightening moments can be found".[14] Scott Halam of Dread Central rated it 3/5 stars and wrote, "It does take a very long time to get up and running, but if you're into reality bending films, you might dig this."[15] Michael Nordine of The Village Voice wrote, "Though far from perfect, Toad Road is also the first unique horror film to come along in years".[16]
Christopher Bell of Indiewire wrote, "While it focuses on a subset of people that we've seen far too much in independent film, it brings some fresh perspective to the table".[17] Kurt Halfyard of Twitch Film wrote, "For all the easy moralizing of more conventional drug dramas, Toad Road offers a surprisingly similar morality in a decidedly more arty package."[18] Chuck Bowen of Slant Magazine rated it 2.5/5 stars and wrote, "The behavior is alarmingly and realistically staged, and you don't have to be a prude to wonder if 75 minutes in the company of these people is really time well spent."[19] Bill Gibron of PopMatters rated it 6/10 stars and wrote, "On ambition alone, Jason Banker and his cast deserve a lot of credit."[20]
Awards [ edit ]
Video
DAVOS, Switzerland — Even with all the optimism about the global economy here last week at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum , there was a remarkable economic and political risk that appeared to have been largely overlooked: The long-simmering battle between China and Japan may be close to boiling over. One top executive went so far as to describe the nations' relationship as a “stealth war.”
The implications for the global economy — and some of the largest multinational companies — are profound. China and Japan represent the second- and third-largest economies in the world, after the United States, and they are among each other's largest trade partners. General Motors, Microsoft, Boeing, Nike, Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble, among others, have huge businesses in both countries.
“I probably spoke to no less than 40 U.S. C.E.O.'s here and I would say this issue came up in more than half of those conversations,” said Ian Bremmer, the political scientist who founded the Eurasia Group, the political risk consulting firm. “This week at Davos, for me, the big takeaway was that China-Japan was much more problematic than we thought. The possibility that you get anti-Japanese sentiment in a big way and it causes real disruption on trades and hurting both economies is real.”
If you need evidence of the significance of this geopolitical clash, look no further than the surprising comment made here by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, who said his country's relationship with China was in a “similar situation” to the one between Germany and Britain before World War I.
Mr. Abe was trumped by Wu Xinbo, a Chinese university dean who is considered close to China's leadership, when he described Mr. Abe as a “troublemaker” and, at one point, compared him, somewhat obliquely, to Kim Jong-un, the North Korean dictator.
“I have to say that the political trust between the two countries now is very low,” Mr. Wu said, suggesting that he expects “political relations between our two countries will stay very cool, even frozen, for the remaining years of the Abe administration in Japan.”
Problems between China and Japan have long been festering, especially as Mr. Abe has sought to rewrite the country's Constitution and build the country's military, which has long been considered only defensive.
Photo
Tensions rose when China angered Japan last November when it claimed an air defense identification zone over a chain of islands in the East China Sea that the countries have disputed claims over. The conflict increased after Mr. Abe visited the Yasukuni Shrine, where Japanese war dead are commemorated, including several war criminals who were executed after Japan's defeat in World War II. The trip offended many Chinese, and the Obama administration had warned Mr. Abe not to visit the shrine.
China-Japan political relations have been strained since the end of World War II. Previous visits by Japanese politicians have angered China and South Korea, which both suffered greatly under Japan's empire-building efforts then. And the Japanese citizenry has often sought to distance itself from its imperialist past, preferring instead to highlight the nation's economic progress and prowess.
Yet now, the intensity of the feelings of mutual distrust is striking. According to Pew Research, just 1 in 20 Japanese “have a favorable attitude toward China” and “anti-Japan sentiment is quite strong in China, where 90 percent of the public has an unfavorable opinion of Japan.”
The latest tensions are having a direct economic impact; the Japanese, for example, are investing less in China.
Mr. Bremmer, of the Eurasia Group, put it bluntly: “The Chinese have written off Shinzo Abe as someone they can potentially work with. They mistrust him completely. They believe he is belligerent toward them and believe an escalatory policy is the appropriate one to pursue.”
After Mr. Abe made his comment comparing his country's relationship as being similar to Britain and Germany in 1914, when the two countries were major trading partners, China's leaders made their own attacks. “Rather than using pre-World War I Anglo-German relations, why don't you deeply examine your mistakes during the First Sino-Japanese War, the Japanese colonial rule of the Korean Peninsula and the fascist war that Japan launched on victim countries in World War II?” Qin Gang, a spokesman for China's foreign ministry, asked of Mr. Abe.
Mr. Abe, in fairness, did try to play down any hints that the simmering tensions would lead to a prolonged military conflict.
“Japan has sworn an oath to never again wage a war,” Mr. Abe said in his speech. “We have never stopped, and will continue to be wishing for the world to be at peace.”
But that's not what many of the executives and regulators I spoke to after his presentation took away from his comments. “I'm going to be asking our teams in China and Japan to do a full analysis of the risks to our business when I get home,” one Fortune 500 C.E.O. told me, seeming anxious. “Maybe this should have been on my radar before, but it is now.”
So what's the biggest risk?
“The possibility of a mistake where someone gets killed is going up,” Mr. Bremmer said. “They are scrambling their fighters in the East China Sea every day.”
And the misunderstandings could deepen. “More problematically, the aftermath of a mistake will have both countries actively mistrusting the intentions of each other without a mechanism to really talk to each other and without the Americans acting as an interlocutor,” Mr. Bremmer said.
Mr. Wu said that the possibility of war was overstating the case: “China doesn't want to fight a war.”
One of the greatest challenges multinational companies doing business in the region may face is that the United States government may not be positioned to step into the middle of the debate. Many of the American officials who were closest to Japan have left the Obama administration. Hillary Rodham Clinton, Kurt Campbell and Tom Donilon — all known for being the architects of President Obama's “pivot” toward Asia — are no longer there, nor is Timothy F. Geithner, who worked in Japan in the 1990s and had close relationships with many senior leaders.
“Kerry doesn't really do Asia,” Mr. Bremmer said about Secretary of State John Kerry, who would most likely take umbrage at that assertion. “Susan Rice? No,” he said of Ms. Rice, President Obama's national security adviser.
“Who is paying attention to foreign policy in Obama-land or in Congress? Nobody.” Whether that is true or not, it is clear that China, long seen as a fast-growing economy, and Japan, which has experienced a rebound in the last year, now should be added to the list of political and economic risks that businesses should consider in 2014.
Ragnow Named To AP All-America Team
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. – Arkansas senior center Frank Ragnow was named to The Associated Press Preseason All-America second team on Tuesday.
It is the first time the AP has released a preseason All-America team. The AP All-America team had previously only been released after the end of each regular season.
Here's a look at Ragnow's list of 2017 preseason honors:
National Award Watch Lists
• Rimington Trophy
• Outland Trophy
• Wuerffel Trophy
• Allstate AFCA Good Works Team
All-America Teams
• CBS Sports All-America first team
• Athlon Sports All-America first team
• Bleacher Report All-America first team
• 247Sports All-America first team
• Lindy's Sports All-America first team
• Associated Press All-America second team
• Sporting News All-America second team
• Sports Illustrated All-America second team
• Street & Smith's All-America second team
• Phil Steele All-America second team
All-SEC Teams
• Media All-SEC first team
• Athlon Sports All-SEC first team
• Lindy's Sports All-SEC first team
• Phil Steele All-SEC first team
• Street & Smith's All-SEC first team
The Victoria, Minnesota, native has made 26 straight starts heading into his senior campaign with 14 starts at right guard and 12 at center. He was named the nation's best offensive lineman, best run blocker and a first-team All-American by Pro Football Focus (PFF) for the 2016 season. He helped clear the way for running back Rawleigh Williams III to capture the SEC regular-season rushing title and finish with 1,360 yards and provided time for quarterback Austin Allen to throw for an SEC-best 3,430 yards. Ragnow blocked for nine 100-plus yard rushing games, including seven from Williams and two from freshman Devwah Whaley, and four 300-plus yards passing games from Allen.
Ragnow graded out as the top center in the nation by PFF twice last year after his performances during wins over then-No. 11 Florida and at Mississippi State. He graded out as a top three center in five of 12 regular-season games and earned an 80 percent grade or higher from PFF seven times. According to PFF, Ragnow didn't allow a sack for the second straight season and decreased his total number of pressures allowed from 19 in 2015 to just 12.
Ragnow also was named SEC Offensive Lineman of the Week on Sept. 18, 2016, for his efforts in his start at right guard against Texas State. He graded out at a career-best 92 percent and helped Arkansas rush for 226 yards and three scores in the 42-3 win.
For more information on Arkansas Football, follow @RazorbackFB on Twitter.
Shadow Realms – the reveal is coming
Update 3:
A third live action teaser has now been released, along with confirmation that the game will be officially unveiled at Gamescom in Germany next week. The new teaser doesn't really reveal any new information, just more hints that the game involves ordinary people gaining supernatural powers, but there is the promise that the unveil event will, at least in part, be livestreamed via Twitch.
The event will take place on Wednesday, August 14 – with the Twitch stream starting at 4pm UK time. Although all evidence points towards the new game being called Shadow Realms publisher EA has still not announced its name officially. We have booked an interview slot with BioWare for next week though, so by that time all should have been revealed.
Update 2:
BioWare has released a second live action teaser trailer for the game, and this one is a little less abstract. It shows a teenager obsessively drawing circles on his napkin, while being interrupted by a mysterious unlisted number on his smartphone. This then seems to awaken some sort of electricity powers in him.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There's still been no official explanation of what the game is it, but these two trailers seem to suggest an ‘ordinary people get superpowers' theme. The game is expected to be officially announced at Gamescom next month, but there are no interviews or hands-on session scheduled, so it'll probably just be a longer, less obtuse, trailer.
Update:
It looks like the new game is probably called Shadow Realms, which seems to fit the sort of imagery going on in the teaser. More importantly fans have noticed that one of the images in the email is called ‘ShadowRealms_Teaser_video.jpg', which does kind of give the game away.
On top of that EA registered the name Shadow Realms back in February, but until now there's been no hint of what it relates to.
Who is the smoking man?
Original story:
It looks like BioWare's new IP will be revealed as early as next month, in a game that seems to be set in the modern day.
We've just received a peculiar new email claiming that we've been ‘chosen', that our ‘power is rising' and that ‘The time is near… they are watching'.
Rather than it being the Illuminati finally getting back to us it appears to be BioWare teasing a new game reveal for the Gamescom expo next month in Germany.
The email seems to have been sent to us in the capacity of ordinary gamers, not journos, so if you check your inbox you might have one too. Although we wouldn't get to excited about clicking the website link as it doesn't work at the moment.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The live action teaser above is presumably what the website is trying to show you, and although it's a dream (or rather nightmare) sequence it does seem to suggest a game set in the modern day – which is not something BioWare has done before.
What exactly is going on in the teaser we couldn't say but it seems to suggest some sort of supernatural threat, or at least X-Files style weirdness. The tagline of ‘What really happens when you sleep?' is presumably the most direct hint at what's going on.
BioWare Edmonton, the original BioWare studio, is known to be working on a new IP – as well as the imminent Dragon Age: Inquisition.
Most assumed that Mass Effect 4, by BioWare Montreal, would be the next game but so far very little of the game has been shown. Although more may be revealed at Comic-Con this weekend.
BioWare's dream game
Email gamecentral@ukmetro.co.uk, leave a comment below, and follow us on Twitter
Jak II, Jak 3, and Jak X: Combat Racing for PS4 launch December 6
Complete the Jak series on PlayStation 4.
Jak II, Jak 3, and Jak X: Combat Racing will launch for PlayStation 4 as PS2-on-PS4 titles on December 6, Sony Interactive Entertainment announced.
The PlayStation 4 re-releases will feature 1080p up-rending and trophy support. Additional features include Shareplay, REmote Play, Activity Feeds, and Second Screen support for game manuals with PS Vita or the PlayStation App.
Here is an overview of each game, via PlayStation.com:
Jak II Jak is back in another action-packed adventure, but he's not the same. Experiments with Dark Eco have gone wrong, leaving Jak with an uncontrollable dark side. Accompanied by your trusty friend Daxter, unleash the dark powers on multiple enemies and witness amazing transformations. Armed with powerful weapons, a high-tech jetboard, an impenetrable mech suit, and a number of vehicles at your disposal, you have no excuse for failure. Jak 3 Jak and his faithful companion Daxter are thrust in the middle of an unforgiving Wasteland where survival of the fittest takes on new meaning. With potent weapons, armor, and vehicles, Jak also discovers that there is an emerging power inside him – the ability to balance Dark Jak and Light Jak. Questions about the mysterious Precursors, the mythical Mar, the fate of the world and the enigmatic Jak himself will be answered, as this most exciting adventure unfolds. Jak X: Combat Racing After a mysterious invite brings Jak and Daxter to Kras City, they discover that they have been poisoned by the sinister Krew. Krew proceeds to give the duo an ultimatum – race for him in the next Kras City Grand Championship and receive the poison antidote. Jak and his friends must now race for their lives in the biggest combat racing on the planet – against the best drivers in the world!
The first entry in the series, Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy, is available now for PlayStation 4.
Alongside the Jak titles on December 6, Sony will also release a “Legacy Dashboard” theme for PlayStation 4 for $2.99 in the vein of the PlayStation 2 dashboard.
Watch the launch trailer for Jak II, Jak 3, and Jak X: Combat Racing below.
A/N: Inspired by Be Obscene's avatar.
Alice was in awe of Bella's chest. "Wow, those are incredible. I didn't know you got a boob job."
"They were a Christmas present," said Bella. "Well technically they were for my birthday, but I figured it would work better if I got them over winter break."
"Well that look fantastic." Alice was practically drooling over Bella.
"Thanks," said Bella.
"Are they still tender?" said Alice.
"No, they're fine," said Bella. "Are you trying to ask if you can touch them?"
"Maybe," said Alice playfully.
"Well go ahead." Bella took off her shirt, exposing her bra. "I think you're the first person to see them since I took off the bandages."
"Yay me," said Alice.
"Would you like to unhook my bra for me?" said Bella. "I'm lazy."
"Okay." Alice began to reach around Bella.
"It unhooks from the front," said Bella. "It's easier that way."
"Oooh," said Alice. "Someone's a slut."
"Says the person who's trying to feel me up," said Bella.
"I'm just curious," said Alice as she unhooked Bella's bra. "I've never touched fake boobs before. I just want to try them out."
"Well tell me what you think," said Bella.
Bella's breasts were huge, easily DDs. They were also very perky, to the point that Alice swore that they violated the laws of gravity. Alice gingerly touched them. "Bella, these feel...they almost feel real."
"They should, considering how much they cost," said Bella.
"How did your dad afford these on a sheriff's salary?" said Alice.
"Some guy who works for the city misplaced a few thousand dollars for my dad," said Bella. "No one will notice it for another five years."
"Well these were worth every penny," said Alice.
"I know right?" said Bella.
"This might be a weird question, but do you have any feeling there?" said Alice.
"No," said Bella.
"So you can't feel thus?" Alice brushed her fingers over Bella's nipples.
Bella shook her head. "Nope."
"How about now?" Alice began pinching Bella's left nipple.
"Not at all," said Bella.
"What about this?" Alice flicked Bella's nipples.
"Are you doing something?" said Bella.
"So there's no feeling in your boobs?" Alice started to fondle Bella's nipples.
"The doctor said I'd have absolutely no feeling for a few months," said Bella.
"Then why are your nipples hard right now?" Alice licked Bella's right nipple.
"Well...the doctor said that...uh." Bella blushed. "I had the surgery a few months ago."
Alice smiled. "Don't worry, I understand."
"You do?" said Bella.
"Yeah." Alice kept licking Bella. "You like this right?"
"To be perfectly honest," said Bella. "Yes."
Alice stopped licking. "Well before I continue, I need you to do something."
"What?" said Bella.
"Return the favor." Alice took off her shirt and plopped herself down on Bella's bed.
"Okay." Bella stared at Alice. "So you don't wear a bra?"
"Never," said Alice. "I like to let them hang free."
"Awesome," said Bella.
Bella began to suck on Alice's nipples until they were hard. Alice let out a light moan. Bella's hands worked their way down between Alice's legs and began massaging her clit. Alice cupped Bella's breasts and played with her nipples. Bella took her other hand and started playing with herself. Alice started writhing with pleasure. Bella rested two fingers below Alice's waist and slowly moved them down lower. Alice could feel them on her slit. Bella then shoved her fingers inside Alice. Alice squirmed as Bella moved in and out of her. Bella took her other hand out of herself and started flicking Alice's nipples. Soon, Alice's heart was racing and she felt as if she was going to pass out. She arched her back and moaned as she came.
"Oh my god!" gasped Alice. She groaned as she collapsed on Bella's bed.
"I'm not finished yet," said Bella.
"Fine." Alice slid her fingers between Bella's legs and Bella began to squeal.
After about a minute, Bella came. "Oh, that was good. I should get my boobs done more often."
"They're big enough," said Alice. "Though mine could use some work."
"Yours are fine," said Bella.
"Thanks," said Alice. "Hey, do you want to do it again?"
"D'uh," said Bella.
The Kerala government has said that it will be distributing 10,000 Raspberry Pi, a card sized single board computer, to schools and students in the state.
P. H. Kurian, Principal Secretary, Industries and IT Department, said that Government is planning to distribute 10,000 ‘Raspberry Pi' to school students. (Source)
The Raspberry Pi was launched by the Raspberry Pi foundation with an intent to help teachers at primary and secondary school levels to promote programming and computing skills training among students.
The project has been successful globally so far and the foundations announced the production of 2 million Raspberry Pi computers globally in November this year.
At the event, Chandy also reiterated that the Government will set aside Rs 500 cr from its annual budget to invest in making Kerala a startup hub. This was first announced in September.
Earlier, Kerala government had also announced a student entrepreneurship policy under which 20% grace attendance and 4% grace marks would be given to students who start a venture. Kerala celebrated September 12 as entrepreneurship day.
A bill passed by the Michigan State Senate would endanger the health of Michiganders by granting sweeping new powers to practitioners of unscientific bogus medicine and treatments, said the Center for Inquiry.
The Life of Death
June 12, 2013
More humans have died than you will ever meet, see, or learn about. Since our split from the apes, Earth has been littered with the detritus of human demise—nearly 110 billion bodies. If spirits did live on after death, most of the people you meet will have already met their end.
Every single house on Earth would be haunted by default.
If becoming a ghost were the next stage of life after death, our planet would be absolutely packed with ectoplasm. Earth currently harbors over seven billion human beings, all very much alive. We pack them in skyscrapers and in endless suburbs. But adding another 110 billion souls to the population would make everyone a neighbor. If ghosts could interact with matter, they would need space to haunt, and in the United States, we value our space. If the seven billion humans alive today wanted to live like Americans, they would need over four times the landmass currently available on Earth. By extrapolation, all the haunting space required by ghosts would push that number to 185 times all the landmass on Earth. If ghosts existed, you couldn't throw a rock without hitting one (or it's passing through one). Ghost hunter's thermal cameras would see a blur of reds and blues wherever they looked.
Famous for being able to pass through matter, ghosts might simply pack together instead of being neighbors to everyone on the planet. Just how much space these phantasmal people would require is impossible to determine. How many ghosts could fit on the head of a pin? How many Ghostbusters' ecto-containment chambers would you need to hold them all?
A new view of death accompanies real-life ghosts. When the body is just a vessel—a way station for the eternal spirit—life is a race to your best self. If ghosts manifest themselves as a picture of the person at the instant they died, old, grotesque ghosts would evaporate. Like how most animals strive to raise their children to reproductive maturity, all humans would occupy this material plane only until they looked however they wanted to look for eternity. Droves of twenty-somethings would commit suicide, seeking to remain young for all time. Billions of Dorian Grays make their pacts with death. Why live until you are old if you are bound to exist in that form forever? “Live fast, die young” is sound advice in a world where ghosts exist.
Carrying on as a ghost taking the last form of the deceased still would be spooky. Unfortunate fetuses and grotesque accident victims would float around with the twenty-something ghosts who had control over their demise. The universe extinguishes the lives of millions of children under the age of five each year. A world where ghosts exist suffers the hauntings of billions of supremely creepy (and presumably naked) baby ghosts.
If you thought the NSA's spying was bad, a world filled with spooks has no privacy at all. Able to float through walls and haunt at will, each of the 110 billion ghosts is a real-life Santa Claus. They see you when you're sleeping; they know when you're awake. They know when you've been bad or good; so don't do anything you wouldn't want every single ancestor you have to see and judge you on.
The cottage séance industry quickly tanks, because whom your great aunt wants you to marry is a simple haunt away. The sale of ghost hunter tools like EMF detectors and thermal imaging cameras would skyrocket. Knowing when you are truly alone would be big business. And if ghosts do interact through electromagnetic radiation, as hunters claim, we might have to re-think our radio and Wi-Fi systems. Dearly departed grandmothers would mess with our Internet.
Death is no longer a release in a world where ghosts exist. The paranoia that comes from knowing every member of the human race can judge each and every action you take would surely create a new form of PTSD. But being in contact with a dead relative that can phase through walls has its benefits. Every locked door would be effectively transparent. Earth would be filled with 110 billions lenses of truth. The term secret would lose its value.
Depending on ghost “rules,” there might be far fewer than you'd expect. If the only ghosts that remain after death have “unfinished business,” at least it wouldn't be so crowded. But if even a small percentage of humans were wronged before death, you would have to deal with billions of ornery phantoms—surely enough to make their presence known.
Instead of asking “who you gonna call” every second of every day, there remains no evidence of the life of death. Where there should be billions of ghosts, there are bumbling investigators, specks of dust in camera lenses, and psychologically dubious recollections. We should be swimming in ghastly illusions, so what do you see?
Tesla Model 3 Photos Flooding Instagram — Florida, Texas, New York, Ohio (+ Interesting Employee Car Agreement Details Leaked)
October 23rd, 2017 by Zachary Shahan
In the past month, we've gotten multiple reports of Tesla Model 3s rolling around the streets of Florida, Texas, New York, and even Canada. Tesla staff, SpaceX staff, and reportedly Tesla engineers at certain stores needing to get familiar with the cars have been receiving early units. I finally decided to go grab some Model 3 spy shots from Instagram in order to share the excitement here … and I discovered that numerous new Model 3 photos and videos have been hitting instagram in the past several hours, including a video of a Model 3 parking itself and a video of a Model 3 with the “rainbow road” Easter egg activated (my favorite of all the great Tesla Easter eggs).
On the side, I also received a leak of a portion of the employee agreement that must be signed when buying the Model 3 (well, when configuring the car and paying the $2500 down payment). The agreement includes a particularly interesting line on what Tesla can do if the employee tries to monkey around and quickly part ways with the car for some extra cash. Scroll down to the bottom for details — I think you can guess one result, but the other was an interesting surprise for me.
Below are 25 instagram pics and videos of new Tesla Model 3 beauties snapped rolling along the street, parked and looking cool, in a Tesla store being delivered to their happy customers, etc. Before the instagram fun, though, here's a picture one of our readers apparently shot and shared in a comment thread here on CleanTechnica (unfortunately, I can't remember what thread it was or who shared it):
The car looks huge there. I checked multiple times to make sure it wasn't a Model X. 😀
Here are the recent hot shots from instagram for some more eye candy:
Congrats @trauts6‼️ #Tesla #Model3 🚗🔋🔌 A post shared by Tesla NY (@teslanewyork) on Oct 23, 2017 at 3:15am PDT
First Model 3 in Ohio. #Tesla #Model3 #ModelII A post shared by Sarah Woody (@sarahaubrey) on Oct 22, 2017 at 11:58am PDT
Parallel Parking #tesla #teslamodel3 #model3 A post shared by 3 (@model3guy) on Oct 21, 2017 at 9:35pm PDT
Cool! First #Tesla #model3 I've seen out in the wild #teslamodel3 A post shared by Mr. Ferlie (@mrferlie) on Oct 23, 2017 at 12:39pm PDT
故乡才可以这么时尚 #tesla#model3 A post shared by 梁正好Calvin Liang (@awesomecl) on Oct 23, 2017 at 11:38am PDT
First delivery of #Tesla #Model3 in #NYC @teslamotors @elonmusk A post shared by Dan Wettlaufer (@danwettlaufer) on Oct 23, 2017 at 9:09am PDT
Saw the exact #Tesla #Model3 I would order if I got the call today. #teslamodel3 #tsla #instagood #paloalto #siliconevalley A post shared by Dmack Daddy (@dmackdaddy) on Oct 22, 2017 at 11:21pm PDT
Tesla Model 3 in front of our Walnut Creek showroom. Photo courtesy of @lilguybabyeli #tesla #model3 A post shared by ☠️Ryan Torres☠️ (@ryantorres) on Oct 22, 2017 at 9:13pm PDT
Model 3 in front of our showroom! #Tesla #model3 #blackbeauty A post shared by Matt Porter (@bayareagearhead) on Oct 23, 2017 at 7:53am PDT
One more from today. #model3 #tesla #fanboy A post shared by Andrew Mellenger (@mellenger) on Oct 22, 2017 at 6:28pm PDT
The EV-olution is beginning, one Model 3 at a time #Tesla #Model3 #EV A post shared by Matthew Skewes (@math4us) on Oct 22, 2017 at 6:04pm PDT
Saw my first Tesla Model 3 😍 #tesla #model3 #northbay #marin #california A post shared by Mason Chance (@masonchance) on Oct 22, 2017 at 5:43pm PDT
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. #model3 #inthewild A post shared by Hrishikesh Marathe (@hrishirich11) on Oct 22, 2017 at 11:08am PDT
#model3 A post shared by Tyler S (@tylersuphoto) on Oct 21, 2017 at 11:04am PDT
Oh yeah, here's the section of the employee car agreement that is particularly interesting to anyone looking to sell or buy an early staff-bought vehicle:
The fact that a Tesla or SpaceX employee could be fired for trying to profit on an early Model 3 reservation isn't a surprise, but I didn't anticipate that Tesla would actually “reduce or disable certain functionality” in a vehicle that was quickly flipped. That's a rather effective way of squashing any demand for an early “used Model 3.”
Find other hot pics or videos of the Model 3? Drop them in the comments!
Everything we eat is flooded with “virtual water,” or water used indirectly to produce food from cradle to grave. In fact, 70% of the world's water consumption feeds the agriculture industry, and demand for fresh water is increasing at a rate of one trillion liters a year. The GRACE Communications Foundation wants people thinking more critically about the water in their food, and has released a report that includes the average global water footprints for some of our most beloved—and resource-hogging—foods.
1. Slice of pizza = 42 gallons of water
That would be 18 gallons for the flour, 21 gallons for the cheese, and nearly 3 for the sauce. Mozzarella, it turns out, is a real water suck, as is any animal product. Of course, this is the global average, and water use per slice varies from country to country. French pizza has less than half this footprint, the US just about hits the average mark, and Chinese pizza is slightly more waterlogged.
2. A dozen eggs = 636 gallons
That's right, every single egg requires an average of 53 gallons of water to produce. Chickens require water-intensive grain feed (about two pounds per every pound of chicken protein produced) as well as water for drinking and irrigation.
3. A pound of lettuce = 30 gallons
In general, vegetables take much less water to produce than animal products: That's why GRACE's report suggests “Meatless Mondays” as a step to conserve water—you don't need to go vegan, but every bit helps. Even better news for salad lovers in the US: Lettuce's footprint is less than half the global average there.
4. A loaf of bread = 288 gallons
Wheat is big. Between 1996 and 2005, global wheat production contributed 15% to the total water footprint of all crops. Make that sandwich open-face.
5. A bar of chocolate = 317 gallons
The report actually calculated the water footprint of a pound of chocolate, but that's probably more than you eat in a sitting. Or a week, hopefully. But with one pound touting 3,170 gallons of water and a classic Hershey bar weighing 1.55 oz, or about 0.1 lbs, a single candy bar is still pretty wet. Say it ain't so. You can find more water footprints here, though they're calculated in litres per kilogram.
The main branch of the Calgary Public Library has become a safer, more family-friendly environment thanks to a redesigned main floor and some extra security, according to the library's CEO.
More than a year ago, the library removed most of the chairs on the ground floor, which were often being monopolized by disruptive visitors.
Calgary Public Library CEO Bill Ptacek says the inner-city location of the main creates particular challenges, but the new open concept layout, and added security, have helped the branch achieve a 12-per-cent decrease in "drug and alcohol-related incidents."
The main branch of the Calgary Public Library has become a safer, more family-friendly environment thanks to a redesigned main floor and some extra security, according to the library's CEO. 0:32
"We decided that we need to figure out how to deal with this, these different populations in this urban environment, in this building before we moved to the new building," Ptacek said.
The library worked with Mount Royal University and the Calgary police to identify the types of physical changes they could make within the building to make it comfortable for lots of people to be there while making sure the library wasn't the centre for "inappropriate activity."
Randy Pages, a Calgary homeless advocate, says he used to spend up to eight hours a day at the library when he himself was homeless.
"When they had all the chair and tables, it was just insane here," he said. "You'd have a table with 12 people hanging around it ... and they were getting louder and louder," Pages said.
Pages says despite the lack of chairs and added security to keep a watchful eye on homeless people who are known to congregate in the library, he agrees with the changes.
"I do feel a little bit safer because they are dealing with a certain type of riff raff that needs to be dealt with," he said.
The main source of noise in the library now comes from a fire truck installation where firefighters and sometime Mayor Naheed Nenshi come by once in a while to read books to kids.
Parent Falak Shekir's says she's more comfortable bringing her children to the library since the changes.
"It's become much safer to come with the kids, I've noticed this." she said,
Ptacek said last year, the entire library system has gotten a boost in popularity, having been visited about 400,000 more times than the year before.
He expects that number to grow even more when the new Central Library location opens next year in the East Village.
in the last days of winter, the contemporary architects association of iran spend days in the harsh winter weather creating an observatory in the desert of esfahak, iran. the observatory is comprised of three circles within each other — the center-most circle is the highest one, ‘reaching for the sky', and the two other circles encompass a single person passageway that leads to the center. the foundation of the brick structure is joined together using mortar, some of which was mixed with the members' bare feet, where once clean and ironed shirts are soon covered in dirt.
the observatory offers a place of seclusion to appreciate the surrounding environment
additionally, the contemporary architects association fell victim of their own design while making the observatory — by building it inside-out, they were enclosed in a circular space where they were closed off to the external world. the firm uses a 45-degree rotation for every adobe brick measuring 2 cm x 2 cm and 0,5 cm thick.
the structure uses a 45-degree rotation for every adobe brick
the desert observatory garnered a great deal of local attention while in construction — esfahak locals sometimes helped out by handing the builders bricks and even refreshing snacks like fresh spring almonds and tea. ‘the greens that we had, the lunches, the short afternoon naps, the tea, the laughter, the joy of discovering each other and ourselves.' explains a member of the frim, ‘they all were needed just as much as the adobe bricks and mortar to build the observatory. just as involved in the process.'
a rainbow casts above the desert observatory
observatory in the desert
video © pouya khazaeli
the observatory under the starry night
the foundation of the structure is joined together using mortar
an overview of the location
details of the observatory
the designers are a group from montréal, london, tehran, kerman and mashhad
an aerial view of the observatory's location
project info:
project: observatory in the desert
architects: amirali zinati / behnaz motarjem/ aidin emdadian / sonia beygi/ bahar mehdi pour/ hamidreza malek khani/ ramtin ramezani
consultant: pouya khazaeli
local partners: mohsen mehdizadeh/ mostafa yaghoubi/ hosein bagheri/ mehdi hoseini
comrades: pouyan moghadam/ elaheh azarnoush/ sara tabaraei
text: behnaz motarjem
photographs: anis eshraghi
association: contemporary architects association caa
location: esfahk, southern khorasan, iran
footprint area: 69 sqm
total cost: $1500
date: March 2017
designboom has received this project from our ‘DIY submissions‘ feature, where we welcome our readers to submit their own work for publication. see more project submissions from our readers here.
edited by: lynn chaya | designboom
In yet another sign of the Drug Enforcement Agency's utter failure to meet basic accountability standards, a new report from the US Department of Justice finds systemic, and occasionally absurd, errors which could easily lead to the loss or theft of confiscated drugs and the compromising of key drug prosecutions.
Despite an annual budget of over $2 billion per year, the primary law enforcement bureaucracy of the federal drug war is committing embarrassing blunders in its snorting tracking of seized drugs, violating basic chain of custody rules which are vital to bringing the kind of high-level prosecutions favored by the federal government. For example, the audit by the Office of the Inspector General (OIG) found significant gaps in both the “Temporary Drug Ledger” and the “DEA-12” receipt log, which taken together provide the only system to track drugs before they are sent to evidence vaults to use against defendants in prosecutions. In fact, in 9% of cases, the DEA field office supervisors were unable to locate the requested receipt forms at all. These oversights, embarrassing enough by themselves, are greatly compounded by the fact that, of all the seizures examined by the OIG, nearly 70% were kept in temporary storage longer than the mandated time limit of three days. These oversights greatly increase the risk that DEA agents could shoot up misplace seized drugs and thereby compromise pending prosecutions.
The DEA is required to send seized exhibits to testing laboratories to verify that the alleged drugs are not, say, baby powder instead of cocaine; yet the OIG report also found that agents “regularly did not make the requisite notification to the laboratory when drugs were shipped by DEA personnel or a third party, and as a result the laboratory did not know to expect delivery.” Although some readers might be pleasantly surprised to find an unexpected pound of weed in their mailbox, the report correctly noted that this hooking up their friends sloppiness in shipping greatly increases the risk that valuable shipments could be sold on the street lost in transit.
The audit reveals practices perpetrated by agents who are either colossally inept or dealing on the side utterly certain they are above the law. For example, the OIG audit revealed that at the critical first stage of the chain of custody, the DEA-6 Investigation Reports, over half of exhibits examined (128 out of 250) were not weighed. Despite the fact that any eight year old could predict the potential for widespread theft loss resulting from such an conspiracy oversight, the manager of one examined field office provided no explanation whatsoever for the missing weights and another said (apparently with a straight face) that he was utterly unaware of the requirement that exhibits need to be weighed. This guy manages a DEA field office; 100 percent of his prosecutions are subject to federal mandatory minimum sentencing laws, which are based almost entirely on the weight of the drugs seized. But he's throwing raves on the weekends unaware of the fact that it's his job to weigh the drugs his agents seize.
The OIG report, employing admirable understatement, “recommend[s] that the DEA reinforce the requirement, through official communication and training, that special agents document the gross weight of the exhibit during the exhibit intake process.” Duh.
The report is rife with evidence of other colossal errors, ranging from failure to track exhibit bags by their system number to failure to enter drug exhibits into the DEA's computer tracking database in a timely manner. The overall picture is of a cartel bureaucracy so incompetent that it appears to be trying to exceed even the low-water mark of the US Treasury during alcohol Prohibition, which was stacked with political appointees who couldn't handle even the most basic requirements of law enforcement.
Yet, if recent history is any guide, nothing will happen at all. After all, DEA agents regularly fail drug tests without any serious consequences, accept invitations to cocaine-fueled ‘sex parties' with prostitutes hired by the very cartels they're supposed to bust, falsify evidence trails against defendants and apparently don't receive any training at all on the difference between heroin and marijuana. Yet life goes on at the agency, much as it ever has. Why should this scandal be any different?
This year Record Store Day is celebrating its tenth birthday and they're bringing out some big guns for rock and metal fans everywhere. Over 500 limited edition records will make their way into independent record stores across the globe on April 22, and there's some very tasty releases for fans of something heavy. We've picked our 32 favourites below, but it's worth shouting about the picture discs from Babymetal and Mayhem, along with coloured variants from White Zombie and Bullet For My Valentine.
Here's what we'll be spending ALL OF OUR MONEY on.
Airbourne – It's All For Rock N' Roll / It's Never Too Loud For Me (12” 180g bronze vinyl)
Alice In Chains – B-Sides (Double gatefold 7” vinyl)
Babymetal – Metal Resistance (12” picture disc vinyl)
Bullet For My Valentine – Don't Need You (10” transparent red vinyl)
Christopher Lee – Metal Knight (10” picture disc, limited to 500)
Coheed & Cambria – Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV (Double 12” splatter-coloured vinyl)
Darkthrone – Arctic Thunder (12” picture disc)
Def Leppard – The Def Leppard EP (12” vinyl)
Devil Sold His Soul – A Fragile Hope (Double 12” splatter-coloured, vinyl)
Doyle – Abominator (12” picture disc, limited to 500)
Enslaved – Roadburn Live (Double 12” green vinyl)
Ginger Wildheart – Cloud EP (10” white vinyl, limited to 1000)
Halestorm – ReAniMate 3.0: The CoVeRs eP (12” 140g picture disc)
Iggy Pop – Post Pop Depression: Live At The Royal Albert Hall (Triple 12” vinyl set)
Katatonia – Proscenium (10” vinyl)
Kylesa – Live At Maida Vale Studios (10” vinyl)
Loop – Wolfflow (Double 12” vinyl)
Mayhem – De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas (12” picture disc)
Mayhem – Deathcrush (12” picture disc)
Motörhead – Motörhead (Triple 12” clear vinyl)
Motörhead – Motörhead (12” picture disc)
Motörhead – What's Words Worth? (12” picture disc)
Motörhead – Clean Your Clock (Double 12” picture disc)
Onslaught – In Search Of Sanity (Double 12” clear vinyl)
Pearl Jam – State Of Love & Trust / Breath (Double 7” vinyl)
Phil Campbell And The Bastard Sons – Phil Campbell And The Bastard Sons (12” 180g picture disc)
Saxon – In The Labyrinth (12” picture disc)
Sex Pistols – God Save Sex Pistols (12” 180g vinyl)
Venom – At War With Satan (12” picture disc)
Venom – Black Metal (12” picture disc)
Venom – Welcome To Hell (12” picture disc)
White Zombie – Gods On Voodoo Moon (7” coloured vinyl, limited to 2000)
Record Store Day takes place on April 22 at independent record stores everywhere.
What will you be buying?
Earache Records launch on-demand vinyl service
Pink Floyd to launch Interstellar Overdrive for Record Store Day
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 25, 2015, 3:13 PM GMT / Updated June 25, 2015, 3:24 PM GMT By Pete Williams
In what is seen as a big victory for civil rights advocates, the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday rejected an attempt to narrow the scope of the Fair Housing Act, one of the nation's most important civil rights laws.
In the 5-4 vote, the "court acknowledges the Fair Housing Act's continuing role in moving the nation toward a more integrated society," the court wrote. The ruling said a housing discrimination case can be based on disparate impact on minorities based on the federal fair housing law.
Passed in 1968 immediately after the murder of Martin Luther King Jr., the law explicitly allows lawsuits over decisions that intentionally discriminate in providing housing or the financing for it. But proving such illegal conduct is difficult, because anyone who wants to discriminate is usually careful to keep it from being obvious.
Lower courts have endorsed the ability to sue for something else — the discriminatory effects of a housing decision. Lawsuits over zoning laws, lending practices, apartment occupancy limits, and leasing decisions depend on showing that racial discrimination was the result, even if it was not intended.
The case involved a Dallas, Texas civil rights group that sued a government agency responsible for allocating tax breaks to developers building housing for low-income residents. The group claimed that the agency channeled subsidies into minority communities, keeping developments away from white neighborhoods.
The group said those decisions frustrated the goal of reducing segregation and denied blacks the opportunity to move to safer neighborhoods with better schools.
The Dallas government agency said it was simply following a requirement to give preference to projects built in low income areas and did not intend to discriminate. Allowing lawsuits over the effects of its decisions, the agency said, would have the effect of forcing it to take race into account, thereby violating prohibitions against race-conscious decision making.
The NAACP Legal Defense Fund urged the court not to narrow the housing law.
"Neighborhoods that were purposely zoned or subsidized for only African Americans or only whites several decades ago remain similarly racially identified today."
As a result, the NAACP said in a friend-of-court brief, people who life in such segregated neighborhoods "face dimmer economic prospects, lower property values, truncated social and professional interactions, and inferior schools."
Philadelphia Union announced on Monday that it has acquired defender Steven Vitoria via loan from Benfica of Portugal's Primeira Liga, pending receipt of his P-1 Visa and International Transfer Certificate. The loan will be for the duration of the 2015 MLS Regular Season with an option to buy at year's end. Per club and league policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
“We're excited to bring Steven in and feel he is an excellent fit for the club,” Union technical director Chris Albright said. “He has the ability and experience to make an instant impact for us and is a player we're expecting big things from.”
Vitoria just turned 28 in January and has spent the past 18 months with Benfica. A 6-foot-5 center back, Vitoria was born and raised in Toronto, Canada, but has spent his entire professional career playing in Portugal. He represented Portugal at the youth level at the 2006 UEFA U19s Championship and at the 2007 FIFA U20s World Cup.
“I'm thrilled with the opportunity to join Philadelphia Union,” Vitoria said. “I'm ready to come in and contribute any way I can to help this club win games.”
You may know ma special interest in Fighting is Magic. A great fan Gamefrom Mane6. Or still the alpha. Cause Hasbro was forced to shut down the project forsome rightsprotection etc., but the community finished up the leak version, andwell I retraced fluttershys animation for it, to bring her back. Well... but maybe youalso know that Mane6 start up again with a little BIG help from Lauren Faust. And shecreates the world and the characters for Them's Fighting Herd's. Lets be honest itsfighting is magic, as far we can see with the skullgirl engine. And that's GREAT! I love thestyle and their patterns. So some days again they start the crowdfunding campaign on indiegogo.And at this point they made 45% percent. The target sounds okay. The perks.. well I dunno.But I baked it and hope they will make it. So I decide to make a nicelittle portrait from ma fav one. Its Velvet. Shes like Rarity and most of her moves speakRARITY! So here she is. If you like the project please support them!UPDATE:Now you can find the Artwork on REDBUBBLE!So have a nice day,RarieDash.
Australian carriers and internet service providers (ISPs) will be required to retain data on their customers as of October 13th, 2015. But just how they'll access the cash Australia's government has made available to do the retention is still unknown.
News of the deadline came from the nation's attorney-general in a letter posted here on the website of the Australian Communications and Media Authority (the ACMA).
There's a sliver of good news in the announcement, as its possible for carriers and ISPs to apply for “an extension of up to 18 months by lodging an Implementation Plan that details how they will achieve compliance in the extended period” or “an exemption from and/or variation of the data retention obligations in relation to a specific service.”
The Reg imagines most carriers and ISPs will request an extension, because the letter also says that information on how to access government cash to build retention rigs is forthcoming. It's hard to imagine carriers and ISPs rushing to build retention systems before they know how much of the AU$131m Australia's government will contribute they can get their hands on.
But come April 13, 2017, it looks like all carriers and ISPs will need to operate a compliant data retention rig capable of storing two years' worth of data. That's a Thursday, so get your carrier pigeons ready on Wednesday, okay? ®
It is hard to believe that it has been just six months since we first learned about the NexDock crowd funding campaign. It is just as impressive to realize they suffered a major setback in late June with a fire in the manufacturing facility that was building the NexDock units but have started delivering the devices to backers just 6 weeks later.
The idea behind the NexDock was to give users a laptop style clamshell device with screen, keyboard and trackpad that could be hooked up to small form factor computers and expand their portability.
NexDock was a very attractive option for users of Microsoft's Lumia 950 and 950 XL handsets running Windows 10 because of their built-in support for Continuum Mode. The keyboard and trackpad are connected by Bluetooth while the phone itself uses a USB Type C to HDMI adapter to feed video to the NexDock.
The folks at NexComputer, they are behind the development of the NexDock, explained to me in San Francisco earlier this year when I had a chance to go hands on with a prototype that adding a Type C port would have significantly increased their manufacturing cost.
However, with the right adapter cable it is easy enough to hook up your Lumia 950/950 XL to the NexDock and use your device in Continuum Mode. Plus, for those of you who purchased/received the Microsoft Display Dock with your phone, you can easily use the NexDock for Continuum Mode using the included Mini-HDMI to HDMI cable.
For those of you without the Display Dock there are a few options for grabbing a compatible adapter cable to go from HDMI to USB Type C.
As you can see the prices of these adapter cables are consistent and I can testify that the cheap adapters you can find all over Amazon have been useless for connecting my Lumia 950 to the NexDock.
The NexDock itself does come with the following cables and adapters:
100-240v power adapter
USB to MicroUSB cable
Mini-HDMI to HDMI adapter cable
Male HDMI to Female HDMI adapter
One other additional use I am planning for the NexDock is its capability as a secondary screen when I am traveling for Surface Book. Actually, NexDock can become a secondary screen for any device with a HDMI or DisplayPort option.
I tested this when I received the NexDock this week alongside of Surface Book and it worked perfectly as a mirroring of my main screen or as a secondary screen to Surface Book. I was using this AmazonBasics Mini DisplayPort to HDMI adapter which was just $8.99.
Check out the gallery to see the unboxing but I also have images of Surface Book and Nexdock alongside of each other as a mirrored and extended screen.
We're taking it up a notch in the stabilising gimbals department as we've tested out the Feiyu-Tech a2000 – a 3-axis stabilising gimbal for mirrorless cameras or DSLRs up to 2kg! What a beast this gimbal is!
To begin with, this gimbal isn't an amateur tool – I would say it's more of a device a ‘professional' videographer would use to obtain flawless, steady footage. There are two versions, the two handed one and the single handed one. We had the pleasure of testing the latter.
What's in the box?
Upon receiving this gadget I was impressed by the packaging and presentation of it. This is by far the best packaged Feiyu-Tech product I have laid my hands upon. For starters, it has its own ‘hard' carry case – it's not hard plastic, it's more like structurally solid case with a soft cloth finish. Pulling back the two zips to open it reveals another zipped compartment on the underside of the lid which holds the manual and warranty cards and could be used to carry SD cards, cables or any other small things one might need. The bottom of the case is covered with another internal lid which is held closed via three Velcro straps. Peeling these back allows you to hinge this lid backwards revealing all the components of the a2000.
In the main compartment, as you can see in the unboxing video above, you'll find the main gimbal body, the handle with gimbal controls, a small tripod, four batteries, a USB smart battery charger, a quick plate, a micro USB cable, a camera support frame, a shutter release cable and two thumb screws.
Specifications
The a2000 is capable of full 360° rotation on the panning, tilting and rolling axes at a minimum rotation of 2°/s to a maximum of 150°/s. It comes with four Lithium-ion batteries which makes the gimbal last an incredible 12 hours before needing another charge. Keep in mind that the gimbal only takes 2 batteries at a go so you get two ‘spare' ones – a big plus! The a2000 has the standard tripod mount 1/4 inch female thread hole at the bottom as well as the back of the handle.
Similarly to the G5, the a2000 has a joystick, an indication light, a function button, and two trigger buttons – one on the front and a larger one on the back. The joystick's purpose is to control the direction the gimbal is pointing at, the indication light shows the status the device is in, be it ‘Panning mode', ‘Lock mode', ‘Low battery', etc … The function button controls both power and the mode and the if either trigger button is pressed for long the gimbal enters a ‘locked' state, where all axes are locked in the position the gimbal is in when the button is pressed, or, if pressed twice in quick succession, returns the gimbal to the default panning mode whist the tilting and rolling axes return to the initial level.
Using it
Setting the gimbal up is fairly easy. First the quick plate is attached to your camera (in my case a DSLR) using one of the thumb screws. The camera support frame fits nicely under the lens and is tightened in place using the other provided thumb screw. The batteries are inserted into the handle taking care to match the polarity (the + and -) and the handle then attached to the main gimbal body. The handle has 4 guides which need to match up with the underside of the main body before tightening it. The quick plate then slides into a slot on the main body and the remaining thumb screws are tightened.
A very important step with any gimbal is balancing prior to powering it on. Feiyu-tech provides an in-depth description of how this should be done on the supplied manual. I won't get into describing step-by-step how to do it as how the balancing is done depends on your camera and lens models. The reason one balances the load on the gimbal is so that motors have less work to do and instead of wasting energy on lifting your camera to point forwards, only use energy to stabilise the video you're shooting, hence prolonging battery life drastically.
There are five modes the a2000 can be in, namely:
Panning mode: The G5's tilting and rolling axes are fixed whilst the panning axis smoothly follows the user's hands.
The G5's tilting and rolling axes are fixed whilst the panning axis smoothly follows the user's hands. Lock mode: All axes are fixed to one direction wherever the user is.
All axes are fixed to one direction wherever the user is. Panning and Tilting mode: The G5's keeps a steady a horizon (rolling axis) but follows the user's hands on the panning and tilting axes.
The G5's keeps a steady a horizon (rolling axis) but follows the user's hands on the panning and tilting axes. ‘Selfie' mode: The gimbal rotates 180° on the panning axis to face the user.
The gimbal rotates 180° on the panning axis to face the user. Auto-rotation mode: The user sets the starting and finishing position and the gimbal determines a path and auto-rotates at a user defined rate (through the mobile app).
These modes can be accessed through pressing the ‘mode button' a number of times in quick succession or in the case of the ‘Lock mode' by using the trigger.
Conclusion
It took us a bit longer to get used to the a2000 than we did with the G5 or WG2 but it's mostly due to the fact that this is a more sophisticated device than either of those. The sheer power of the motors combined with the weight of the camera, lens and gimbal itself meant that handling it took getting used to but the result is magnificent.
The video above clearly shows how effective and powerful the a2000 is – be it glamour shots of the beautiful Porsche Cayman or footage whilst being driven around in it. As you can imagine, in a fast car like this the G-forces are significant but the a2000 still did a great job at stabilising the image to the point where it's enjoyable to watch!
In today's review, I'll be taking a look at SJ-DASH, the first ever dash-camera by SJCAM. We announced a release of this car camera a while ago and I'm excited to share my experience with it. First of all, let's clarify some things about the camera name.
Some retailers call this camera M30, whereas some call it SJ-Dash. If you are a regular here, you know that we covered most of the SJCAM products so far, including a cube-shaped M10 and M10+, together with M20. Official SJCAM website lists this model as SJ-Dash so there are no doubts that that's the official name for it. SJDASH is not M30, end of story.
What is the difference between an Action Camera and a Dash Camera?
The answer is easy. Action Cams are created to be rugged, waterproof, and be used prevalently in sports situations. However, people also have them for everyday use, as well as on holidays. A Dashcam, on the other hand, is made exclusively for creating car records. It's main purpose is to record traffic. Unlike the action cam which is dynamic, dash camera is static, for it is mounted on your windshield and records traffic.
This article has the good explanation on what to expect from a car camera. Furthermore, our friends over at Dashcamtalk have a good resource and a forum where you can get more information on these type of cameras.
In my experience, these cams are meant to record bad drivers, or in the worst situation, use them to keep evidence record of an accident. Here are some examples of what happened to me:
After this little intro, let's talk about the camera in more detail. I'll first guide you through the technical specs of the SJ-Dash and we'll move to unboxing it and showcasing its design. Later we will move on to video, audio and performance testing.
SJCAM SJ-DASH Specifications
Chipset
Image sensor
Lens
Weight
Size (L x W x H)
Screen
Max native image resolution
Video resolutions
Video compression format
Image format
Memory
Battery
WiFi
Connection
Car camera
Remote controller support
Video Stabilization
External Mic Support
SJCAM SJ-Dash
SJCAM A7-10 (NTK96658)
SONY IMX 323
140°wide angle
Weight: 70g
8.40 x 5.20 x 3.20 cm
3.31 x 2.05 x 1.26 inches
3" (320x240)
-
1080 FHD 1920*1080 @ 30fps
H.264 (MOV)
-
up to 64GB
Uses capacitor
USB
Unboxing
To find out what the SJ-Dash package contains, take a look at the unboxing video I made.
Accessories
As I said, this camera is not an action cam, so it doesn't need a lot of accessories. It is not built to work underwater or mounted on a helmet, surfboard or a bike. Its main purpose is to stay fixed, looking through the windshield of your car and record. So its few accessories are minimal but functional. What it requires (and what you get with it) is:
Sucker mount
3,5 meters of USB cable
Double USB car charger (1A + 2.4A)
These few accessories are of great quality. I was a tad skeptical about the sucking mount, but after 10 days under the sun and the rain it is still firmly holding on to my car's windshield and that's incredible. It also has a fast mount; just put the camera lens into it and the camera will clip automatically onto this small accessory. Couldn't be more practical.
Then, there is 3.5m USB cable. This fairly unusual length is there because the cable is meant to be placed behind the car plastics, like in this picture:
The cam's USB power/charger adapter is fantastic because with the 1A output you can keep the camera powered on and with the 2.4A (fast charge) you can charge your phone, or anything else in the adequate voltage range you might have.
Design and Build quality
Design of the camera and its accessories are incredibly good and, above all, functional. The camera is very light and small. It is elegantly black with chrome edges, like its charger. I also really like the “Reflex like” feature, it is very original!
Fun fact: all the glass around the lens in the middle is just fake – empty plastic.
The screen is wide and very visible, things are easily readable. It works well against direct sunlight.
Under the screen, there are 4 touch buttons. When you view the video screen their functions are:
Mic – On/Off
Wifi – On/Off
Lock – It locks the current file to prevent accidental deletion
Settings
Conversely, when you are into the setting section the touch button functions are:
Back button
Move Up
Move Down
Select
On the left side, there is the only button on this camera: the power button. Topside is the USB port and on the right side, there is the SD card slot.
Menu Overview
This camera has very few menu options and it's quite easy-to-use. There is just the main settings and nothing more. You can reach it with the button on the screen:
The menu is divided into two parts, Playback and Setup (Settings):
In the Playback section you can access all the videos made:
In the Setup section there are these settings:
Loop Recording – Off/3min/5min/10min
WDR – On/Off (WDR stands for Wide Dynamic Range)
Motion Detection – On/Off
Time Stamp – On/Off
Gravity Sensing – Low/Medium/High
Languages – English /Dutch /French /Italian /German /Spanish /Portuguese /Chinese/Japanese /Russian /Romanian /Czech /Polish /Slovenian /Hungarian /Danish /Turkish and some other languages which, to me, belong in the “incomprehensible” class.
Date/Time
Keypad Tone – On/Off
Screensaver – 30s/1min/3min/5min/Off
WiFi SSID
WiFi Password
License Nr Set
Format
Default Setting
Version
I like to say that this camera is Plug&Play because there are no particular settings, just one resolution, and no shooting the photos. You just mount and use it 2 minutes after pulling it out of the box. It's quite user-friendly and easy to navigate.
Video Quality
The video quality is good. Thanks to the wide angle of view (140°) you have a great vista of what's in front of you. This camera has just one resolution, 1920 x 1080 at 30fps. The quality is good but not quite the best, because it has pretty low bitrate of 15.000kbps and, to make a fast comparison, the usual action cameras have around 30.000kbps.
For this camera, it means low details. Taking into account that the camera has a small sensor (only 2Mp), it does a great job.
I was amazed of how good this camera can handle difficult light! It's just incredible how good it manages light and colors with the sun directly into the lens.
In an average daylight situation, this is the result:
It would have been better if there was a stabilizer on this camera, like SJCAM's usual gyro. Sometimes it shakes quite badly, in part just because Italian roads are horrible. Still, the problem exists, and at times very notably so.
In the night this sensor can pull out its best, because it captures a lot of light for a clear view of everything:
As it was also a rainy night, so I think this camera solved it better than many others.
I have just one little thing to report:
On the video margins there is a little bit of “motion blur”. Somewhat hard to explain, but it probably comes from the relative object speed at the edges of the wide field of view. A photo can help you see what I mean:
In other words, this camera is good for its price. Maybe it could do even better by dint of some clever twists in its next firmware?
Audio Quality
The audio quality is not quite the best. It's enough to record a conversation, but not if you want to record something in high quality. Audio record sounds like listening through a pillow. This is an example of conversation:
And this is an example of high volume music:
At least it doesn't distort the sound, but high frequencies are missing and everything seems muffled.
I also noticed that it can capture too much wind noise when high speeds are reached, and this is an example:
I was driving between 70 and 80km/h then, not that it was overly high speed, but you can still hear it.
Sj-dash WiFi and App
Yes, this camera has the WiFi, but the app is minimal – just like the menu. It consists of 3 pages:
Would you need something more than a HUGE button in the middle on the screen to start the recording?
Jokes aside, the App (as all other Sjcam apps) is perfectly stabile and very fast. Nothing to grumble about. It works just how every app should work, and that's good.
Battery
This camera has no battery, it has a capacitor, which is standard for a dash camera. Capacitors are more durable and can withstand longer periods of recording without getting overheated. This means that camera can't operate when disconnected from the power supply; in fact, you have to attach the charging cable for power. By the way, with a 32Gb SD card, you can record about 5 hours of videos.
Summary
This camera is one good camera, and for the price can't ask for much more. Its accessories are simply great. Its design is beautiful. Everything works well. I wouldn't say no to a better video quality, or maybe just a 60fps resolution, it would surely considerably increase the marks and the pleasure of using this camera every day.
SJCAM: if you are reading this, consider it a tip for your future models!
The rest of the camera is great as it is. This is one good product for all who want to try a Dashcam for the first time. Even though we don't review dash cameras much on this website, it was interesting to experience for a change.
I hope I'll have a chance to try other Dash cameras, so as to be able to make a comparison.
Pros:
Very affordable dashcam
Great design and build quality
Easy to mount and easy to use
Great quality accessories
Cons:
Not the best audio quality
Video quality is a little bit low but acceptable for this price
Absence of the Gyro (or another kind of stabilization)
Where to buy it?
Here are some stores where you can buy this car camera if you decided it's right for you.
Korn shell scripting
A beginner's guide
What is a shell?
The IBM® AIX® operating system and other UNIX-like operating systems need a way to communicate with the kernel. This is done is through the use of a shell. There are a few different shells that you can use, but this article focuses on the Korn shell. The Korn shell is the default shell used with AIX.
When you log into AIX, you are started at a prompt in a certain directory. The default directory is usually your home directory. The reason it's called a home directory is because the directory structure is usually something like this:
$/home/jthomas:
When you log in, you are said to be at the command line or command prompt. This is where you enter UNIX commands. You enter shell commands that interact with the UNIX kernel. These commands can be as simple as one line to check the date or multiple lines long, depending on what you're doing. Listing 1 provides some sample commands.
Listing 1. Sample commands
$date Fri May 1 22:59:28 EDT 2008 $uptime 10:59PM up 259 days, 9:44, 5 users, load average: 3.81, 14.27, 13.71 $hostname gonzo
The great thing about shell commands is that you can combine them in a file called a script that allows you to run multiple commands one after another. This is great when you have to repeat the same commands over and over again. Instead of repeatedly typing these commands, you can put them in a Korn shell script.
Writing your first Korn shell script
The first line in a Korn shell script is the shell itself. It is denoted as follows:
#!/bin/ksh
To write Korn shell scripts on AIX, you need to use a text editor. The most widely used and most readily available is vi. It can be a little intimidating at first, but the more you use vi, the more comfortable you will become. People have written whole books just on how to use the vi text editor.
To begin writing your first Korn shell script, you need to open the vi editor and add the shell name as the first line. After that, you need to build some type of script header telling users who wrote the script, what the script does, and when it was written. You can name your script anything you want, but you usually use the extension .ksh to refer to a Korn shell script. You do not have to do this, but it's good practice. The pound symbol (#) is used to comment with scripts, as shown in Listing 2.
Listing 2. Example of a script header
$vi my_first_script.ksh #!/bin/ksh ################################################### # Written By: Jason Thomas # Purpose: This script was written to show users how to develop their first script # May 1, 2008 ###################################################
This script header is pretty basic, but it does the trick.
Variables
Setting variables within a script is fairly simple. I usually capitalize all variables within my scripts, as shown in Listing 3, but you don't have to.
Listing 3. Example of variables
#Define Variables HOME="/home/jthomas" #Simple home directory DATE=$(date) # Set DATE equal to the output of running the shell command date HOSTNAME=$(hostname) # Set HOSTNAME equal to the output of the hostname command PASSWORD_FILE="/etc/passwd" # Set AIX password file path
Korn shell nuts and bolts
So far, you've learned how to start writing a Korn shell script by writing a basic script header and defining some variables. Now it's time to start writing some Korn shell code.
Start by reading some lines from a file. In this case, use the /etc/passwd file you already defined in your script, and print just the usernames, as shown in Listing 4.
Listing 4. The for loop
$vi my_first_script.ksh #!/bin/ksh ################################################### # Written By: Jason Thomas # Purpose: This script was written to show users how to develop their first script # May 1, 2008 ################################################### #Define Variables HOME="/home/jthomas" #Simple home directory DATE=$(date) # Set DATE equal to the output of running the shell command date HOSTNAME=$(hostname) # Set HOSTNAME equal to the output of the hostname command PASSWORD_FILE="/etc/passwd" # Set AIX password file path #Begin Code for username in $(cat $PASSWORD_FILE | cut -f1 -d:) do print $username done
This syntax is called a for loop. It allows you to open the /etc/passwd file and read each line one at a time, cutting out just the first field in the file and then printing that line. Notice this special character: | . This is called a pipe. Pipes allow you to redirect output from one command into another.
After you save the script, you run it as shown in Listing 5.
Listing 5. Running the script
$./my_first_script.ksh root daemon bin sys adm uucp nobody lpd
The script begins to print the output to the screen. Alternatively, you can just print the output to a file by doing the following:
print $username >> /tmp/usernames
The >> tells the print command to append each username one after another to a file only. By doing this, you never see the text display on your terminal. You can also print the output to both the screen and a file by using this command:
print $username | tee –a /tmp/usernames
The tee command allows you to redirect output to your terminal and to a file at the exact same time.
You just learned how to read from a file with a for loop and how to cut out just a username and redirect the output to a file or to your terminal.
Error checking
What happens if the /etc/passwd file didn't exist to begin with? The short answer is the script would fail. Listing 6 shows the syntax that checks to see if the files exist.
Listing 6. Syntax for checking to see if a file exists
#Begin Code if [[ -e $PASSWORD_FILE ]]; then #Check to see if the file exists and if so then continue for username in $(cat $PASSWORD_FILE | cut -f1 -d:) do print $username done else print "$PASSWORD_FILE was not found" exit fi
This little piece of code shows the conditional if statement. If the /etc/passwd file exists, then the script continues. If the file doesn't exist, then the script prints "/etc/passwd file was not found" to the terminal screen and then exits. Conditional if statements start with if and end with the letters reversed ( fi ).
The dollar question mark ( $? )
Every time you run a command in AIX, the system sets a variable that is often referred to as dollar question. AIX sets this to either 0 for successful or non-zero for failure. This is excellent for Korn shell scripting. Listing 7 shows how the $? is set when you run valid and invalid AIX commands.
Listing 7. How the $? is set for valid and invalid AIX commands
$date Sat May 10 00:02:31 EDT 2008 $echo $? 0 $uptime 12:02AM up 259 days, 10:47, 5 users, load average: 4.71, 10.44, 12.62 $echo $? 0 $IBM ksh: IBM: not found. $echo $? 127 $aix ksh: aix: not found. $echo $? 127 $ls -l /etc/password ls: 0653-341 The file /etc/password does not exist. $echo $? 2
This is helpful when writing Korn shell scripts because it gives you another way to check for errors. Here's a different way to see if the /etc/passwd file exists:
#Begin Code PASSWORD_FILE="/etc/passwd" ls –l $PASSWORD_FILE > /dev/null 2>&1
This command allows you to list the file. However, you don't really care if the file is there or not. The important thing is for you to get the return code of the command. The greater than sign ( > allows you to redirect output from the command. You will learn more about redirecting output later in this article.
Listing 8 shows how to use $? in a script.
Listing 8. Using $? in a script
#Begin Code PASSWORD_FILE="/etc/passwd" ls –l $PASSWORD_FILE > /dev/null 2>&1 if [[ $? != 0 ]]; then print “$PASSWORD_FILE was not found" exit else for username in $(cat $PASSWORD_FILE | cut -f1 -d:) do print $username done fi
Instead of actually checking to see if the file exists, I tried to list the file. If you can list the file, then the file exists. If you can't list it, then it doesn't exist. You list a file in AIX by using the ls –l filename command. This gives you a way to test to see if your AIX command was successful by checking the $? variable.
Standard in, out, and error
You really need to understand these. You basically have three sources of input and output. In AIX, they are referred to as STDIN , STDOUT , and STDERR . STDIN refers to the input you might get from a keyboard. STDOUT is the output that prints to the screen when a command works. STDERR prints to the screen when a command fails. The STDIN , STDOUT , and STDERR file descriptors map to the numbers 0, 1, and 2, respectively.
If you want to check to see if a command was a success or a failure, you do something like Listing 9.
Listing 9. Redirecting output to STDOUT and STDERR
$date > dev/null 2>&1 # Any output from this command should never be seen if [[ $? = 0 ]]; then print "The date command was successful" else print "The date command failed fi
This code runs the AIX date command. You should never see any output from STDOUT (file descriptor 1) or STDERR (file descriptor 2). Then you use the conditional if statement to check the return code of the command. As you learned previously, if the command returns a zero, then it was successful; if it returns a non-zero, then it failed.
Functions
In Korn shell scripting, the word function is a reserved word. Functions are a way to divide the script into segments. You only run these segments when you call the function. Create an error-check function based on the code you've already written, as shown in Listing 10.
Listing 10. Error-check function
################## function if_error ################## { if [[ $? -ne 0 ]]; then # check return code passed to function print "$1" # if rc > 0 then print error msg and quit exit $? fi }
If I want to run a simple command from inside a script, I can easy write some code similar to the error checking of the $? above. I can also just call the if_error function every time I want to check to see if something failed, as shown in Listing 11.
Listing 11. Calling the if_error function
rm –rf /tmp/file #Delete file if_error "Error: Failed removing file /tmp/file" mkdir /tmp/test #Create the directory test if_error "Error: Failed trying to create directory /tmp/test"
Each time one of the above commands is run, a call is made to the if_error function. The message you want to display for that particular error check is passed to the if_error function. This is great because it allows you to write the shell script code one time, but you get to leverage it over and over. This makes writing shell scripts quicker and easier.
The case statement
The case statement is another conditional statement that you can use in place of using an if statement. The case statement begins with the word case and ends with the reverse ( esac ). A case statement allows you to quickly build upon it as your script evolves and needs to perform different tasks. Listing 12 provides an example.
Listing 12. The case statement
case value in "Mypattern") commands to execute when value matches Mypattern ;; esac
So, say that you want to delete a file at different times of the day. You can create a variable that checks to see what time it is:
TIME=$(date +%H%M)
The code shown in Listing 13 will delete a file at 10:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. So, each time this section of code is executed, the $TIME is checked to see if it matches the times of the case statement. If so, then the code is executed.
Listing 13. case statement to check time
case $TIME in "2200") #This means 10:00 rm –rf /tmp/file1 ;; "2300")#This means 11:00 rm –rf /tmp/file1 ;; "*") echo "Do nothing" > /dev/null ;; esac
Putting a whole script together
So far, you've created a script header and some simple variables and added a function, as shown in Listing 14.
Listing 14. Example Korn shell script
$vi my_second_script.ksh #!/bin/ksh ################################################### # Written By: Jason Thomas # Purpose: This script was written to show users how to develop their first script # May 1, 2008 ################################################### #Define Variables HOME="/home/jthomas" #Simple home directory TIME=$(date +%H%M) # Set DATE equal to the output of running the shell command date HOSTNAME=$(hostname) # Set HOSTNAME equal to the output of the hostname command ################## function if_error ################## { if [[ $? -ne 0 ]]; then # check return code passed to function print "$1" # if rc > 0 then print error msg and quit exit $? fi } if [[ -e /tmp/file ]]; then #Check to see if the file exists first rm –rf /tmp/file #Delete file if_error "Error: Failed removing file /tmp/file" else print "/tmp/file doesn't exist" fi if [[ -e /tmp/test ]]; then mkdir /tmp/test #Create the directory test if_error "Error: Failed trying to create directory /tmp/test" else print "Directory exists, no need to create directory" fi case $TIME in "2200") rm –rf /tmp/file1 ;; "2300") rm –rf /tmp/file1 ;; #End Script esac
To run the script, you simply type ./scriptname.ksh , like this:
$./my_second_script.ksh
Feeding input into a script from the command line
You can create scripts that allow you to feed input into the script. Look at Listing 15.
Listing 15. Feeding input into a script
#!/bin/ksh OPTION=$1 print "I love $OPTION" $./scriptname milk I love milk $./scriptname tea I love tea $./scriptname "peanut butter" I love peanut butter
Any time you feed something into a script, the first option after the script name is called $1 . The second option after the script name is called $2 , and so on. This is a great way to write a script so that it is more like a UNIX command with switches or options.
E-mail from a script
You can use your scripts to generate some type of report. For instance, maybe a script was written to keep track of new users added to the system daily. This script could write the output to a file, and then you could send it to yourself. This way, you could get a copy of all the new users added to the system every day. To do this, run the following command:
$REPORT="/tmp/users" cat $REPORT | mailx –s "User admin report from server XYZ" Jason_Thomas@kitzune
This will send you an e-mail of the contents in the $REPORT file. The -s is what the subject of the e-mail will be. This can come in really handy.
Conclusion
Korn shell scripting can save you a lot of time and make your job so much easier. It can seem intimidating at first, but remember to always start out simple and build upon each and every script. Always follow the same steps: build your script header, define your variables, and error check your work. You just might find yourself trying to write a script for everything you do.
Downloadable resources
Related topics
KORBA: A woman was booked in Kusmunda area of Korba on February 5 for allegedly attacking her husband's genitals with a sharp weapon and injuring him, suspecting infidelity.The woman identified as Suklata is Suresh's second wife and was booked under two sections of IPC, when the neighbours admitted her husband Suresh Uranv to the hospital and reported the incident to the police. The incident took place when Suresh returned home late and Suklata indulged in a quarrel with him, suspecting that he had an extra marital affair. When the argument heated up, she allegedly attacked on his private parts with a sharp weapon. Listening to Suresh scream, their neighbours came running to his rescue and admitted him to the hospital.Though police denies any direct attack on the man's genitals, talking to TOI, Manjulata, town inspector, Kusmunda, said that Suklata had admitted that it was an accident and that Suresh got injured at the wrong place when the quarrel ensued. She was released after being interrogated."Doctor's report also says that he was injured with a weapon but it wasn't a grievous injury. He is hurt but is safe and is still in the hospital," the inspector said.Suresh, who is a truck driver, reportedly said that Suklata deliberately attacked him while Sukhlata defended saying that he doesn't remember the incident properly as he was drunk.
Henry Saiz's is a very busy man these days, what with being a successful DJ and producer, directing his own label Natura Sonoris and on top of all that editing Paradigma Musik. The Spanish DJ/producer has been creating his own blend of emotive electronica for sometime now and developed a sound both original and distinctive. His ability to stay open minded and experiment to keep his music fresh has put him at the fore of European electronic talent.
Saiz's growing reputation has been boosted further with him being asked to produce Balance Music's 019 compilation. Following in the footsteps of superstar DJs such as Timo Maas, Joris Voorn, Will Saul and Agoria which after six months of hard grind (and a little blood, sweat and tears) Saiz states he is pleased with the finished product. We sat down with Saiz to find out more about the process and what he is currently listening to.
Dazed Digital: Was it a daunting experience to make the Balance compilation? Was it a difficult process?
Henry Saiz: Yeah definitely a big responsibility, it's such a legendary mix series, it was pretty complex because it is something between an album and a normal DJ set, but I tried to enjoy the process.
DD: How do you feel about the results?
Henry Saiz: It wasn't easy, but after six months working on this I could say I'm quite happy with the results.
DD: As you've played all over the world so much, what is your most memorable gig and why?
Henry Saiz: Mmm, there are too many! Festivals wise closing the main stage at Sonar 2009 was very special for me. Another one very special for me was playing in New Caledonia (south pacific) for around 35 lovely fans (they are probably the only techno fans on that island) in a small beach bar. Last one in State Club in Buenos Aires was amazing too, I don't know, there are too many good moments to choose one.
DD: Any favourite producers you are currently listening to now?
Henry Saiz: Some of my favourites lately are Pional, Simon Garcia, Spada, John Talabot, Petar Dundov and many many others...
DD: If you weren't a DJ/Producer what could you imagine yourself doing?
Henry Saiz: Hard to imagine myself doing something different, I would probably still work doing music for TV shows, advertising and film. But not related to music I would like to become biologist or psychiatrist.
Track list:
Tricky - Time To Dance - Maya Jane Coles Remix
Blood Orange - The Complete Knock - Bottin Remix
Hal Incandenza - Little Mountains - Shelby grey Remix
Matthew Dear - Slowdance - Todd Edwards Remix
Phil Kieran - I can´t stop
Kolombo - Waiting For - Michael Mayer Mix
"The Second Amendment is on the ballot in November," Trump said. Screenshot/NRA Donald Trump is trying out a new nickname for Hillary Clinton: "Heartless Hillary."
Trump was speaking at the National Rifle Association on Friday, and he attacked Clinton on the issue of guns. The NRA endorsed Trump for president.
In a speech following the endorsement, Trump attacked Clinton on her policies, claiming she would "abolish the Second Amendment" and disarm people who want to defend themselves against criminals.
"Hillary wants to disarm vulnerable Americans in high-crime neighborhoods," Trump said.
"Whether it's a young single mom in Florida or a grandmother in Ohio, Hillary wants them to be defenseless. Wants to take away any chance they have of survival," he said.
Trump said there is "tremendous crime of all kinds" in America.
People "need to be protected," he said. "And you know the only way they're going to be able to protect themselves. And if you take that gun away from them, it's going to be a very unfair situation. And that's why we're going to call her 'Heartless Hillary.'"
Trump did admit, however, that "somehow" he still likes "Crooked Hillary"— his usual name for his Democratic rival — better than the new nickname.
Clinton and Trump, most likely headed for a general-election matchup in November, appear set to clash on guns. Clinton has made the issue a signature one during her primary campaign against Sen. Bernie Sanders, as it has been a rare point where their views diverge.
Last week, in preparing for the likely battle ahead, her account tweeted that Trump would force schools to allow guns in classrooms.
Throughout his Friday speech, Trump sought to portray the general election as a choice between upholding the Second Amendment and stripping citizens of their constitutional rights.
"The Second Amendment is on the ballot in November," Trump said.
The 2013 championship offensive line
Most people forget that the Seahawks had a disastrous offensive line for much of their 13-3 Super Bowl season. Russell Okung and Breno Giacomini were injured for a large stretch, forcing Paul McQuistan to play the worst brand of left tackle in the league, and then-rookie Michael Bowie to start at right tackle. James Carpenter and J.R. Sweezy were a mess at guard, and even Max Unger had a down year. Alvin Bailey had a strong rookie season, including a great performance in the NFC Championship against a dominating 49ers defense that is still the best Seattle has played against.
Blocking duties go beyond the offensive line in Tom Cable's world, and the Seahawks were well equipped there as Zach Miller was a terrific blocking tight end and FB Michael Robinson was an ace in pass protection and run blocking. That group, as a whole, was tough, flexible and gritty as hell.
Deconstruction begins (2014)
Robinson retired after the season, and Giacomini departed via free agency. The Jets signed him to a 4 year contract worth $18M, with $7M in guarantees. Letting him walk seemed like a logical decision at the time given that Bowie had started most of the season and had a very promising year, and Bailey could play tackle as well. The team then spent a second round pick on Justin Britt to give them a pile of potential to replace a player in Giacomini who was just a bit above average.
The real problem started when Bowie reported to camp overweight and quickly injured himself. The presumptive starter at right tackle, who PFF had as the highest rated run blocker on the Seahawks 2013 offensive line, never played another snap for the Seahawks as he was waived with an injury designation and the Cleveland Browns scooped him up off waivers. Don't spend much time wondering about what could have been. Bowie is on IR for the second straight season for the Browns.
Bowie's injury elevated Britt to the starting role by default. While Giacomini was never a world beater, Britt represented a major step backwards in pass protection. He was the worst right tackle in the NFL last year, per PFF, and his pass blocking was the reason. Giacomini checked in as the 43rd ranked pass blocker at tackle with a -1.4 rating. Britt ranked 81st, and had a dismal -17.6 pass block rating.
To make matters worse, Miller got injured early on. He was a key cog in Cable's blocking schemes, and often was asked to help the right tackle in pass blocking. Miller was the second-best run blocker on the championship team with a +7.7 run block rating. Another complicating factor was the season-ending injury to Derrick Coleman, leaving the team playing running back Robert Turbin at fullback for a few games before turning to Will Tukuafu.
Unger was injured for much of the season, and his backups—Lemuel Jeanpierre and Patrick Lewis—struggled, especially as pass blockers. Still, Unger was easily the best lineman on the team when he was in the game, and he managed to be healthy for the playoffs. It is hard to imagine the Seahawks making it back to their second straight Super Bowl without him. The Super Bowl appearance masked some serious cracks in the foundation. Scoring dropped a couple of points from the year before. Russell Wilson saw his passer rating (95.0) drop below 100.0 for the first time in his career, and his passing touchdowns total (20) was significantly lower than his first two years (26 in each). His rushing yards exploded, adding 300 yards to his previous high, but that's not necessarily a good thing.
Clearing the decks (2015)
View image | gettyimages.com As challenged as the 2014 offensive line was, they managed to hold it together well enough to allow Seattle to compete for a second straight ring. More players left after the season. James Carpenter joined Giacomini in New York, signing a 4 year deal worth $19.1M with $5M guaranteed. Carpenter was always a controversial figure amongst Seahawks fans who felt he was overdrafted in the first round back in 2011 and flamed out early on at right tackle. He battled injuries at the start of his career, but was a reliable starter for the Seahawks in 2014. Some might be surprised to know that he was the second-highest rated pass blocker on the team last season, according to PFF. Neither Carpenter nor Giacomini have Pro Bowl talent, but Carpenter would be the highest rated guard on this current Seahawks team and Giacomini would be the highest rated pass blocker at tackle, per PFF. Throw in Unger rating far better than Drew Nowak, and it is easy to see the disparity between this line and what Seattle won with in the past. Unger was, of course, traded along with a first round pick, for Jimmy Graham. Miller was cut and appears to have retired. Realistic alternatives
Many of you know I came out strongly against the trade of Unger for Graham. In general, I abhor trading core lineman on either side of the ball for skill players. At the time, I also questioned whether Graham had any place in a Seahawks locker room defined by grit and genuine toughness. He quickly dispelled the second question, but the first remains.
Would you trade Jimmy Graham for Max Unger straight up right now? The vast majority of you are shaking your heads right now. That is probably the correct reaction. Let's make it a little harder.
Imagine that the Graham trade was never made. Seattle has Unger back, along with their first round pick. Now, let's play it forward assuming the Seahawks still wanted to add a dynamic pass catcher at tight end. Consider that Jordan Cameron was available for 2 years and $15M and $5M guaranteed. He has 10 catches for 151 yards so far this season for the Dolphins. Graham has 14 catches for 145 yards. Cameron also checks in with a 95% pass blocking efficiency (30th among TEs), while Graham is dead last (43rd) with a 78% rate.
Cameron's cap number this year is $4.5M. Graham is at $8M. Assume that Unger agreed to restructure his deal the same way he did for the Saints, converting $3M of his 2015 salary to a signing bonus to lower his total 2015 cap hit to $3M. You are still under the cost of Graham. But you still have that first round pick to consider.
The Saints drafted Stephone Anthony with the Seahawks 31st pick in the first. He signed a four year deal worth $7.7M and a 2015 cap number of $1.4M. John Schneider almost certainly would have tried to trade out of the first round. The Seahawks front office loved C Mitch Morse. They probably would have picked him in the first if they could not trade back, but even if they had traded back with a team like the Saints, the still could have nabbed him before the Chiefs selected him 49th overall.
Depending on where the Seahawks took Morse, their cap cost for him, Unger and Cameron would be somewhere between $500K-$1M more than Graham's total cost is for 2015. They could have made up for that by finding a cheaper option at cornerback than Cary Williams ($4.6M cap number in 2015). Two options that pop to the top of that list would have been Brandon Browner ($2.4M cap number) and Walter Thurmond ($3.2M cap number). Going with a player like Browner would have left some room for an additional move.
Anthony Fasano was high on my Seahawks free agent big board because he is a solid blocker, a reliable receiver and affordable. He signed a 2 year deal worth $5.2M with the Titans, and has a $2M cap number this season. He is currently the 3rd ranked tight end, overall, in PFF with a grade of +3.9. Most of that is coming from a +3.0 grade as a run blocker. He would replace Cooper Helfet on the roster who has a $500K cap number.
What you end up with is Unger as your starting center, Morse likely starting at left guard this year before replacing Unger at center in the future, and a tight end group of Cameron, Luke Willson and Fasano. Right tackle would be manned by either Britt, Garry Gilliam or Alvin Bailey and still be a problem. The difference would be Fasano would be in tow to help out. If Cable is going to keep asking tight ends to block defensive ends, the team needs to take the blocking tight end role more seriously. Morse is currently the 7th highest rated center, per PFF, and is solid both as a run and pass blocker.
Graham is an elite talent that eclipses any of the players listed there. Losing him would definitely take some of the ceiling off the potential of the offense. It is hard to build a skyscraper, though, on a cracked foundation. The line is barely holding things together. Given the choice, I would prefer having Unger and Morse in the mix, and would take my chances with Cameron and Fasano doing enough to make the team better overall.
Back to reality
That is not the way things went. Seattle has an all-world tight end. They also have three players in their first years at their positions on the offensive line. There have been promising moments, like the pass blocking in the game against the Packers and the run blocking in the game against the Bears. The next step is to do one or the other two weeks in a row. Then, do both in one game. It will be a process, and that path will almost certainly take us through valleys. The unknown is whether there is a peak ahead. This could just be a line with limited talent that will never be much more than we see right now. It is also possible that they become the most improved part of this team. Only time and tests will reveal the truth.
One lesson that I hope Seattle has learned through this process is that their evaluation process for offensive lineman needs to be overhauled. Since Cable joined the team, they have added this lineman: One lesson that I hope Seattle has learned through this process is that their evaluation process for offensive lineman needs to be overhauled. Since Cable joined the team, they have added this lineman: Robert Gallery
James Carpenter
John Moffit
Paul McQuistan
Justin Britt
Alvin Bailey
Garry Gilliam
J.R. Sweezy
Mark Glowinksi
Terry Poole
Kristjan Sokoli
Drew Nowak
Patrick Lewis I respect Cable's ability to make chicken salad out of chicken $!%*, but it is okay to put a filet on the menu once-in-a-while. To lay it all at Cable's feet would be unfair. You can be sure he would have likely prioritized keeping players like Giacomini, Carpenter and Unger which would make this line look quite different. Schneider rightly has tried to save some money there to bolster the team elsewhere. His trade of Unger for Graham may have been more than his offensive line coach could repair. A team that prides itself on running the football needs to invest more in the lineman who clear the path. With Russell Okung and J.R. Sweezy both scheduled to hit the free agent market next year, this could get a whole lot worse if the Seahawks do not turn this demolition project into a renovation.
Much can change throughout a season. Youthful mistakes can turn into veteran moxy. Weakness can turn into strength. Pete Carroll and the coaching staff is relying on time to elevate an offensive line that, as it stands, is not good enough to allow the Seahawks to contend for a Super Bowl. It is a self-imposed obstacle. They say hindsight is 20/20, but let's explore the choices that led here to see if we would make the same decision if had it to do over again.
Signs are pointing to Brandon Fusco moving back to right guard, and that's where he wants to be.
After the Vikings signed Alex Boone to a four-year, $26.8 million contract last week, a source said the plan is to start him at left guard and return Fusco to right guard after he struggled on the left side in 2015. Boone said left guard is his best position and where he prefers to play.
“That's fine with me,” Fusco said Wednesday. ““That's where I'm most comfortable. I'm willing to go back to the right and get back to where I was playing. I'll do whatever they tell me to do, but hopefully right guard is the thing I'll be doing, and I'm looking forward to it.”
Also Wednesday, the Vikings re-signed running back Matt Asiata to a one-year contract. He had talked earlier this month about really wanting to return.
Fusco said he hasn't heard directly from the Vikings, who are limited with what they can talk to him about until spring workouts. But Fusco said he has read media reports, and he saw Boone's comment last week.
“I'm naturally a lefty,” Boone said. “I feel more comfortable on the left side. I can play both (guard spots), obviously. I can play center, if you need me to, honestly, but I (prefer) left guard.”
Fusco joined the Vikings in 2011 and moved into the starting lineup at right guard in 2012. His play was good enough to earn him a five-year, $25 million contract extension in September 2014.
However, Fusco missed the bulk of that season after tearing a pectoral muscle in the third game, and then was moved to left guard during 2015 spring workouts. He doesn't deny his play fell off last season.
“I was so used to playing right guard for so many years and then just coming off the injury, I wasn't at full strength most of the season,” Fusco said. “With all the little things that go into it, everything was backward (with the change). I felt like I struggled for the most part. … I started getting better toward the end, but I just really never found my comfort level, I guess.”
After Fusco shifted sides, Mike Harris moved from tackle to become the starting right guard. Harris had a strong season and re-signed on a one-year deal, but now he likely will have to compete with Fusco for the starting job.
“That's part of the game,” Fusco said. “Guys competing is what makes you better. They're going to put the best five (offensive linemen) on the field.”
One of those certainly figures to be Boone, Minnesota's most decorated signing in free agency this month. Fusco likes the move.
“He's a great player,” he said. “I'm glad to have him here. He's a physical player, and that's what Viking football is all about.”
The Vikings hope to add more talent to the offensive line by signing free-agent tackle Andre Smith, who visited the team this week. Smith said he also planned to visit Arizona and has not given a timetable on when he might sign.
Minnesota's only free-agent move Wednesday was bringing back Asiata, who shares time with Jerick McKinnon in a reserve role behind Adrian Peterson. While appearing in all 16 games, Asiata last season rushed 29 times for 112 yards and caught 19 passes for 132 yards.
Asiata's best season was 2014. With Peterson missing all but one game, he led Minnesota in rushing with 570 yards.
Vikings general manager Rick Spielman and receivers coach George Stewart attended Baylor pro day. They watched and talked with speedy receiver Corey Coleman, a candidate to go to Minnesota with the No. 23 pick.
Born in Kentucky in 1900, John Scopes was a teacher in Tennessee who became famous for going on trial for teaching evolution. Scopes was part of an American Civil Liberties Union attempt to challenge a state law prohibiting the teaching of evolution. Scopes's trial became a national sensation, with celebrity lawyers like Clarence Darrow and William Jennings Bryan involved in the case. Scopes was found guilty, but his story remains famous as the Scopes "Monkey Trial," dramatized in the 1960 film Inherit the Wind starring Spencer Tracy.
Born on August 3, 1900, in Paducah, Kentucky, Scopes was the youngest of five children born to railroad worker Thomas Scopes and his wife, Mary. The couple's only son, he spent his early years in Kentucky before moving to Illinois as a teenager. There, he graduated from high school in 1919. After one year at University of Illinois, Scopes transferred to the University of Kentucky. He had to drop out for a time for medical reasons, but he eventually earned a degree in law.
A high school science teacher, John Scopes found himself at the center of one of the 20th century's most famous court battles. He served as the defendant in a case meant to challenge a state law against teaching Charles Darwin 's theories of evolution in public schools.
Evolution on Trial
In the fall of 1924, Scopes joined the faculty of Rhea County Central High School in Dayton, Tennessee, where he taught algebra, chemistry and physics. At the time, there was a national debate about whether evolution should be taught in schools. British naturalist Charles Darwin championed the theories of evolution, espousing that all modern animal and plant life had descended from a common ancestor. Darwin's theories, however, directly contradicted the Bible's teachings on the beginning of life. Across the United States, Christian fundamentalists moved to bar any discussion of evolution from the nation's classrooms.
Tennessee passed their own law against the teaching of evolution in March 1925. The Butler Act made it illegal for any teacher in a publicly funded school "to teach any theory that denies the story of the Divine Creation of man as taught in the Bible, and to teach instead that man has descended from a lower order of animals." The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) wanted to challenge the Butler Act in court . While he was not a biology teacher, Scopes volunteered to be tried under the new law. He admitted he had used a textbook that supported evolution while serving as a substitute biology teacher. That was enough to get him charged under the new law.
Only 24 years old, Scopes saw the case as a chance to stand up for academic freedom. He later said, "What goes on in a classroom is up to the student and the teacher. Once you introduce the power of the state—telling you what you can and cannot do—you've become involved in propaganda."
On July 10, 1925, Scopes appeared in a Dayton courtroom to stand trial. He was represented by one of the most famous lawyers of the time, Clarence Darrow. On the opposing side, former presidential candidate William Jennings Bryan had come to town to help the prosecution. Bryan was called "The Great Commoner" for his support of the working class.
The trial made headlines with reporters from coast-to-coast camped out in the small Tennessee town. Dayton was a small, religious community, which led many, including writer H.L. Mencken, to believe that a guilty verdict was a foregone conclusion. Still both Darrow and Bryan gave impressive orations during the trial. Darrow even put Bryan on the witness stand. In the court, Darrow grilled Bryan about stories from the Bible. After several days of testimony, the jury took only minutes to decide Scopes' fate. He was found guilty, but his conviction was later overturned.
Sep 29, 2014; Saint Paul, MN, USA; Minnesota Wild forward Jordan Schroeder (10) looks to pass during the first period against the Pittsburgh Penguins at Xcel Energy Center. Mandatory Credit: Brace Hemmelgarn-USA TODAY Sports
After making moves to clear seven players from training camp this morning, the Wild have made moves to send Zack Phillips and Jordan Schroeder to Iowa. Phillips will be reassigned and Schroeder has been placed on waivers with the intent of getting him to the AHL.
Phillips, as far as prospects go, has been somewhat contentious as many are calling him a bust and many are preaching more patience with Phillips as he continues to develop. At 21 many hope that a first rounder is starting to show signs of being NHL ready at this point. Phillips, who has not yet seen NHL action, took a big step forward last year, in his second season in the AHL, netting 33 points (12-21-33) through 76 games. Clearly the team thinks he is still taking steps forward. The Star Tribune's Michael Russo quotes coach Mike Yeo saying some positive things about Phillips in his post-game press conference tonight. (Following a 4-1 Wild win over the Pittsburgh Penguins.) It seems possible that Phillips may be in the discussion when talking call-ups this season, where he hadn't seriously entered the conversation last year.
Yeo said Zack Phillips isn't ready to make #mnwild, but that's the best hockey game he has seen him play; better shape, moving better — Michael Russo (@Russostrib) September 30, 2014
Schroeder is a player we definitely haven't heard the last of this season. Injuries will happen and while I believe that Michael Keranen is maybe a step higher on the call-up sheet — if all other things are equal and positioning, size, experience, etc. don't play a factor in filling a specific role, which they ultimately will — it's hard to imagine that a player with Schroeder's potential and NHL ejoxperience won't get a shot at some games this season.
So where do we stand?
The Wild's roster is officially at 31. But Gustav Olofsson will be sent to Iowa shortly according to reports, Josh Harding is suspended, Ilya Bryzgalov is on a trout, and Brandon Whitney is an invitee who could get signed, but won't make the NHL roster.
If we remove those names the lineup is what I've got below, with 27 players left in camp. That will be cut down to 23. We're almost certain to see one more defenseman cut since general manager Chuck Fletcher has said he doesn't want to keep both Matt Dumba and Christian Folin if they aren't getting games. He'd rather have them in Iowa where they're continuing to develop.
Forwards
Charlie Coyle, Mikko Koivu, Zach Parise, Cody Almond, Justin Fontaine, Jason Zucker, Stephane Veilleux, Kyle Brodziak, Nino Niederreiter, Matt Cooke, Thomas Vanek, Brett Sutter, Jason Pominville, Michael Keranen, Curt Gogol, Erik Haula, Mikael Granlund
Defensemen
Keith Ballard, Stu Bickel, Christian Folin, Marco Scandella, Ryan Suter, Jonas Brodin, Jared Spurgeon, Matt Dumba
Goalies
Niklas Backstrom, Darcy Kuemper
Who do you think makes the final roster?
Now and again you see a tiny house which is just perfect, and fits right into its environment. This house was designed and built by CountryPlans user rich2Vermont. He constructed the 10' x 16' loft cabin with the help of his family. It includes a loft bedroom, kitchenette, dining area, and amazing wraparound porch. The house is located on two acres of land in Topsham, VT. I'm not actually sure what I'm more in love with—the house or the land. This just looks like an incredibly tranquil and beautiful place to live!
Here is a photo of the finished cabin. As you can see, the tiny house was built in a traditional style which is familiar from many other larger old houses in the region. Don't you just love the dark red paint, white trim, and green roof? And that wraparound porch … it's an incredible way to add on some extra space. What a relaxing place to sit outdoors and enjoy some fresh air.
To get a feel for the location, here is a shot of the foundation. The pasture is surrounded by woodland, a babbling brook, and a road. It's so idyllic!
Before taking on this construction project, rich2Vermont had already successfully tried his hand at several smaller projects. Here is the lovely rustic bridge he built across the brook!
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
This shot gives perspective on just how tiny the house is going to be.
Here are a couple of photos from the construction phase for the new tiny home.
Here you can see it all coming together. Note the vertical design of the house. Even though the house is very small when measuring width and length, the height adds a lot of space.
Let's take a tour of the finished interior. This shot again gives a feel for the vertical design, this time from inside looking up the staircase. I love that railing and the rustic look it has!
All that wood looks really gorgeous, and aren't the windows great? Those gave him some trouble, but he was eventually able to get them effectively sealed up and weatherproofed.
Here is a nice photo which gives you a feel for the kitchen. There actually looks like there is a lot of counter space there. The floor is beautiful, isn't it? Those cabinets were made using pine wood that came from a local mill.
Here you can see the shelves above the countertop, which was finished using three layers of wax and spar varnish.
Here is the bedroom upstairs. Doesn't it look cozy with that steepled roof? The family dog certain seems to think so! I can't imagine how gorgeous the view out the window is.
Here are a couple of shots of the exterior so you can get a better look at the porch. What I really love about this design is how old-fashioned it is. It feels like you've stepped back in time. It has a colonial feel to it.
Here is an idyllic shot of the finished cabin which gives you perspective on the environment. You really could not ask for a more beautiful pasture or a more delightful tiny home.
If you enjoyed looking at this tiny house and want to see more, I highly recommend that you check out the link to the original thread on CountryPlans.com below. There you can see the entire process of construction documented from start to finish, with a lot more photographs. This is a really incredible insight into the construction process, and a must-see for anyone thinking of building their own tiny home.
Link on CountryPlans.com: http://countryplans.com/smf/index.php?topic=9422.0
Spread the love
Yemen — A top Yemeni investigative journalist who died under dubious circumstances — while investigating corruption by oil companies — was poisoned, an autopsy now reveals.
Mohammed al-Absi — “whose work explored the corrupt relations between powerful militias and prominent businessmen,” reports the New Arab — was having dinner in capital city, Sana'a, with a cousin in December when both had to be rushed to the hospital — and the prominent journalist ultimately died.
Post-mortem test results reveal that Mohammed Alabsi was poisoned
His final days was investigating Houthis & Saleh oil companies pic.twitter.com/HCE457LjWt — Baraa Shiban (@BShtwtr) February 5, 2017
Al-Absi's sudden and inexplicable death fueled suspicions among friends and family, as well as from the Yemeni journalists' union — which called for an investigation.
Some speculated al-Absi had suffered a heart attack or other acute condition, but — delaying a proper funeral for three weeks — samples were flown to Jordan for analysis and proved this week the journalist had been poisoned.
Both the Yemeni Journalists' Syndicate and the International Federation of Journalists — which have joined forces to demand an official probe — issued a statement of mourning shortly after al-Absi's untimely death, with IFJ President Philippe Leruth stating,
“We are troubled by the passing of Mohamed al-Absi in such unclear circumstances and support his family and the YJS in their demands for a serious and independent investigation in the case as well as an autopsy by a doctor representing the union to clarify the cause of his death.”
OilPrice.com reports, “Al-Absi was a prominent Yemeni investigative journalist said to have been investigating oil companies owned by Houthi leadership. He had published a series of reports over the past years, focused on corruption, particularly in the energy industry and in relation to arms deals.
“Human rights activists are responsible for the claims that Al-Absi was investigating oil and gas companies allegedly operating on the black market. Activists published several documents that were in the journalist's possession after his death.”
According to the outlet, one of the documents published post mortem concerns Houthi spokesman Mohammed Abdul Salam, who allegedly owns an oil company primarily working the black market to sell in Houthi rebel-controlled areas of Yemen, while the New Arab says another surrounds Dagsan Mohammed Dagsan, an arms dealer.
Journalists have always faced stated and unstated threats of physical harm when investigating behind-the-curtain business dealings and political corruption — and the mysterious demise of al-Absi appears to be no exception.
“In a joint statement, advocates called upon the state prosecution to start a ‘transparent investigation' saying that al-Absi played an ‘exceptional role against corruption,'” the New Arab reports.
A separate statement from the groups investigating the death — including his family, two local nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), the YJS, and Sana'a Center for Studies — emphasized they had “not received financial support from any party or political entity” to conduct the probe.
News al-Absi had been fatally poisoned comes amid incendiary tensions of the proxy war between Iran and Saudi Arabia over Yemen — and further bellicose posturing by the United States over the supposed threat of terrorism from Tehran.
Journalists reporting from conflict zones in the Middle East have been persecuted and even killed for their efforts — besides al-Absi, American journalist Serena Shim died in Turkey in 2014, under wholly suspicious conditions while investigating connections between various politicians and the Islamic State.
Although crucial details about the poisoning of al-Absi remain unknown, the fact he was covering corruption and the dealings of oil companies certainly lends potential motivation for murder.
Hopes were high when in 2007 the IRS opened its new whistleblower office. New, more generous incentives for tips that help nab tax cheats were announced. A new director for the office was installed.
Now, however, it seems that the IRS is trying to get out of paying folks who have info on tax evaders.
Changes to the whistleblower provisions in the Internal Revenue Manual say that informants aren't entitled to any cash rewards unless the tips lead to payments to the IRS.
That means that whistleblower information that simply halts an improper refund or reduces a too-large credit -- tax situations that most of us, including, I suspect, the IRS, agree are good things -- the tax tipster is simply out of luck.
I'm not saying that the IRS is rewriting the rules in a penny pinching effort to avoid paying informants, but…. OK, that is what I'm saying.
And a member of a Congressional tax-writing committee also thinks the IRS move stinks.
Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) has asked Treasury to delay implementation of the IRS manual's whistleblower provisions.
The ranking minority member of the Senate Finance Committee spearheaded the 2006 revision of the whistleblower law and he's ticked off about several things in connection with the changes to tipster treatment.
Grassley is irked that, based on a PowerPoint presentation by the IRS Whistleblower Office Director in April, the IRS manual changes "have been contemplated for some time. Yet, neither I nor my staff, were apprised of the changes nor does it appear that public comment was sought."
But Grassley's main complaint in a letter to Treasury Secretary Geithner is that the new manual provisions "will deter whistleblowers from filing claims."
To keep that from happening, Grassley is asking that implementation of the new whistleblower provisions be delayed effective immediately.
"I have learned from my almost three decades of experience with whistleblowers that government agencies will often seek to undermine or undercut the whistleblower," wrote Grassley.
The Senator noted that Treasury and the IRS "moved very quickly" to get the new Whistleblower Office operational after the enacting legislation became law. Now, however, this reward revision is undercutting that.
"Despite this early commitment to the Whistleblower Office, I am very worried that this office is not getting the support it needs and that the program is being undermined by the old guard who would like to see it fail," continued Grassley in his letter to Geithner.
"The potential success of the whistleblower program is indisputable. The question is whether the program will thrive and succeed, or, because of the lack of leadership at the highest levels at Treasury and the IRS, if it will fail. Failure, of course, comes at the expense of the honest taxpayer."
The IRS provides a brief history of its whistleblower/informant program on its website.
Tax Court weighs in on tax tipster money: In related whistleblower news, the U.S. Tax Court this month said it had jurisdiction to review IRS denial of a reward payment for a tax informant's tip.
The IRS had asked the court to dismiss an informant's lawsuit, arguing that in instances where the government collected no money -- that excuse issue again -- the court did not have jurisdiction.
But in her 12-page ruling, Tax Court Judge Diane L. Kroupa declared the 2006 law that established the Whistleblower Office gave her ample authority to hear the case whether or not an award was made.
"The statute expressly permits an individual to seek judicial review in this court of the amount or denial of an award determination," she wrote. "Accordingly, we fund that our jurisdiction is not limited to the amount of an award determination but includes any determination to deny an award."
Kroupa also ordered the IRS and the informant to either settle the case or file a joint report detailing its status by Oct 12.
Related posts:
Want to tell your friends about this blog post? Click the Tweet This or Digg This buttons below or use the Share This icon to spread the word via e-mail, Facebook and other popular applications. Thanks!
When Thomas Edison built his first electric power stations, there were no electric meters in people's homes. Lacking a better method, he started billing people a monthly fee based on how many light bulbs they had. It wasn't a very precise system.
Electric meters (much like the ones we still have today) were soon developed to replace the bulb-counting system. As electricity comes into houses, a little dial turns forward to show how much is used. And while the original designers never considered this possibility, it turns out that the little dial turns backward when electricity leaves a home.
For most people, electricity only flows one way (into the home), but there are exceptions — people who use solar panels, for instance. In those cases, excess electricity created by the solar cells travels back out into the grid to be distributed elsewhere. And in some states, people can can be paid for this excess electricity. The practice is called “net metering” (referring to the total or “net” amount of energy used) and while it started off as a relatively non-controversial practice, there are now big political battles being fought over it.
In this featured episode of Outside/In, Sam Evans-Brown of New Hampshire Public Radio and his colleagues Maureen McMurry and Taylor Quimby explore the origins and evolution of this practice, which all began quite accidentally with a single individual: Steven Strong.
The Accidental History of Solar Power
In the mid-1970s, Steven Strong was hired to put a bunch of solar thermal panels (used only to heat water) on an apartment building in New England. While he was at it, he also added a few solar photovoltaic panels to the roof — these are the kind that create electricity and at the time, they were a brand-new technology.
They were so new in fact, that when Strong installed them, he had to figure out how to wire them up — what to do with the excess energy that the panels created when the sun was out, but the building wasn't using any energy. Strong decided he could send the excess electricity back out into the grid, and wire it so that the building's electric meter would run backward as the electricity left the building.
At the end of the month, the building owners would pay based on what the meter-reader found on the dial, so if the building had used 60 kilowatt hours of electricity, but created 40, the meter would read 20, and they would only pay for 20.
Strong didn't ask permission to wire up his solar panels this way, he just did it, and this is how the practice of net metering was born.
In effect Strong also decided what rate people would be credited for the excess power they produced with solar panels. By making the meters roll backward as electricity left the building Strong decided that the electrons his solar panels were producing were of equal value to the ones coming in.
In the decades following Strong's first experiment with net metering, legislation was written in several states that put his idea into law: the energy leaving a home from solar was worth the same amount as the energy coming in. In other words, the electricity produced by solar panels was worth a retail rate, which was a higher rate than utilities companies paid when they bought electricity from large power plants.
And at the time, utility companies did not put up a fight about paying their solar customers this higher retail rate. Solar panels were expensive to install, and they never imagined they'd become accessible to enough people to constitute a threat.
But then, in the early 2000s, installing solar panels began to get much cheaper. Today, the price of solar panels has dropped so much that they are no longer out of reach for the average homeowner. As more and more people put solar panels on their homes and are paid a retail rate by the utility company for the energy they produce, the utilities have become increasingly uncomfortable with the even exchange they've been giving people who generate solar power. They believe these solar producers should be paid a lower (wholesale) rate for the energy they produce.
Huge political battles are now being fought all over the U.S. about what rate people with solar panels should be paid for the electricity they produce, and engineers and economists are starting to look at completely different solutions – like redesigning the electric meter to better reflect the true economic value of electrons at a given moment.
After reading my previous article about the RQ-170 seized by Iran (Breaking: Iran news agency releases first images of captured U.S. stealthy drone), “Jeff” a visitor of my site suggested where to download the first hi-resolution pictures of the almost intact “Beast of Kandahar”.
Image seems to confirm that the drone is real, of a desert-like color (quite different from the dark grey one of all the previous pictures) and above all, small scratches appear on the left wing, as if the stealthy drone crash landed on its belly, without extracting the landing gear, or maybe because the undercarriage collapsed due to hard landing.
Update: weird signs appear also on both wing roots as if they were damaged too. Someone suggesting it is putty and that proves the drone is just a 1:1 scale model.
Once again, stay tuned.
Image credit: via “Jeff” for TheAviationist.com
It's been a staple of American pitchers and cups for nearly 90 years, but you might not know the sugary drink quite as well as you think you do. Here are a few nuggets about its history, alternate uses, and marketing that will make you yell, “Oh yeah!”
1. KOOL-AID WAS BORN IN HASTINGS, NEB.
Edwin Perkins, the man behind Kool-Aid, was originally a mail-order merchant of all sorts of products. He peddled a sunburn salve of his own creation, medicine, cleaning supplies, foods, and whatever else he could find. After striking out on his own in 1920 to form the Perkins Products Co. in Hastings, Neb., Perkins expanded his offerings to include a fruity soft drink that quickly won customers over.
2. IT WASN'T ALWAYS A POWDER.
Kool-Aid is famous for its inexpensive envelopes of powdered drink mix, but it wasn't always a solid. When Perkins began selling fruity soft drinks in the 1920s, his product was a liquid concentrate that came packaged in four-ounce bottles. Perkins would ship the small bottles to customers, who could mix up a pitcher of soft drink by adding sugar and water.
3. A SHIPPING PROBLEM HELPED SPARK ITS SUCCESS.
Drinkers loved Perkins's concoction, but it was far from the perfect mail-order product. The syrup—which he sold in lemon, raspberry, orange, root beer, cherry, and grape varieties—had to be mailed in heavy glass bottles, which led to hefty expenses for postage and were prone to shattering in transit. Ever the inventive chemist, Perkins took a cue from the success of Jell-O and abandoned the liquid in favor of a lightweight, easily shipped powder form of the drink. He started marketing the new powder in 1927.
4. IT WASN'T ALWAYS CALLED KOOL-AID.
When Perkins started selling his syrupy concentrates, he hadn't settled on the Kool-Aid moniker yet. Instead, he was using the less marketable name Fruit Smack. After he created the new powdered formulation, he began packaging the drink in envelopes and switched the name to Kool Ade. This spelling didn't stick—theories for its dismissal include the “-ade” suffix only being allowed for fruit juice and a potential lawsuit—and in 1934, Perkins trademarked the “Kool-Aid” spelling.
5. CLEVER MARKETING HELPED KOOL-AID WEATHER THE DEPRESSION.
Kool-Aid really started to take off right as the Great Depression hit, but Perkins found a way to weather that economic storm. Envelopes had always sold for 10 cents apiece, and demand had been surging at that price. In 1933, though, Perkins cut the price of a packet of Kool-Aid in half. Dropping the envelopes to a nickel apiece may have sounded crazy at first, but it proved to be a canny move. Even at the height of the Depression, getting the makings of an entire pitcher of a delicious beverage for a nickel seemed like a good deal, and Kool-Aid backed the price cut with a marketing campaign that billed it as “the Budget Beverage,” an attainable luxury. The audacious move worked so well that the price stayed at a nickel for years.
6. IT TOOK A BREAK TO FIGHT WORLD WAR II.
Like many companies that relied on sugar, the rationing programs of World War II hit the Perkins Products Co. hard. The company managed to stay busy even as the consumer demand for Kool-Aid dwindled, though. Rations sent to U.S. troops traveling abroad included various powdered drink mixes, and while they may not have carried the Kool-Aid name, some rations came loaded with “Beverage powder, lemon flavor” from Perkins Products Co. Demand for Kool-Aid was stronger than ever after the war.
7. THE KOOL-AIR MAN BURST ONTO THE SCENE IN 1975.
While Kool-Aid advertising featured talking anthropomorphic pitchers as far back as the 1950s, the pitcher pitchman really came into his own when he made the transition to television. In his first appearance, the Kool-Aid Man made one of his famous burst-through-a-wall entrances to help quench the thirst of kids at a bowling alley. The character would undergo tweaks—gaining arms, dropping the name “Pitcher Man”—but the spot established the Kool-Aid Man's basic formula. Kids would say they were thirsty while enjoying some athletic activity, one kid would call, “Hey, Kool-Aid,” and the Kool-Aid Man would burst through a fence or wall and yell, “Oh yeah!” Audiences loved it so much that in 2000, the Kool-Aid Man got to leave his footprints in front of Mann's Chinese Theater in Hollywood.
8. THE KOOL-AID MAN HAD HIS OWN VIDEO GAME.
How hot was the Kool-Aid Man in the late '70s and early '80s? In 1983 he latched onto another cultural keystone of the era, the Atari 2600, for his own video game: Kool-Aid Man, which was available as both a mail-in premium and in stores. The Mattel-produced game, which was also available for Intellivision, sees the titular hero fend off hordes of “Thirsties” who are trying to drain a pool. There's also a charmingly retro animation of the Kool-Aid Man's signature wall-crushing routine. You can play the game online at Archive.org.
9. HE ALSO CONQUERED COMIC BOOKS.
Like any good hero, the Kool-Aid Man also had his own comic book. Marvel Comics' 'The Adventures of Kool-Aid Man' ran for three issues in 1983 and was available as a free mail-in offer. The Kool-Aid Man's antics again involved battling the Thirsties, but he also dabbled in time travel. If you've ever wondered what the Kool-Aid Man and Benjamin Franklin would say to each other, 'The Adventures of Kool-Aid Man' number two is the comic for you. The line continued later in the '80s with five more issues produced by Archie Comics. The collector's market for these titles has yet to develop, but the Kool-Aid Man could be a prime candidate for a gritty comic reboot.
10. IT'S GOOD FOR MORE THAN JUST DRINKING.
Even if you're not drinking it, Kool-Aid can be pretty handy. It's famously used as a DIY hair dye, but the life hack applications don't stop there. The citric acid in Kool-Aid makes it a handy toilet bowl cleaner if you leave the powder in overnight, or if you're worried your toilet is leaking, an envelope of grape in the tank can test for you. If the water in the bowl turns purple before you flush, you've got a leak. A packet of lemonade Kool-Aid can even clean your dishwasher. And we thought the Kool-Aid Man was only good at destroying homes.
11. NEBRASKANS HAVE FULLY EMBRACED KOOL-AID.
The drink's home state revels in its status as the birthplace of millions of pitchers of super-sweet fruit drinks. In 1998, Kool-Aid became the official state soft drink of Nebraska. The Associated Press report on the momentous event speaks to a solemn, dignified occasion: “Gov. Ben Nelson got a hug from the ‘Kool-Aid Man' at the signing ceremony.”
12. HASTINGS HOSTS AN ANNUAL CELEBRATION OF KOOL-AID.
The drink's entire home state may be proud, but Hastings, Neb. really goes all-in on its place in Kool-Aid history. The city holds a Kool-Aid Days festival that features beauty pageants, car shows, demonstrations on using Kool-Aid in the kitchen, and, of course, a “Kwickest Kool-Aid Drinking Contest.” This year, 24-year-old Hastings resident Chris Hemberger won his second straight chugging title by downing 32 ounces of Kool-Aid in an astonishing 4.47 seconds.
13. IT'S AN UNLIKELY ALLY OF PICKLES.
Sure, you could drink Kool-Aid, but Southerners have long enjoyed a Kool-Aid delicacy that doesn't need a glass. Kool-Aid pickles, or Koolickles, are easy to make—just add your favorite flavor Kool-Aid (cherry is the traditional pick) and some sugar to the brine from a jar of dill pickles, slice the pickles for maximum absorption, put everything back in the jar, and let it marinate for a week in the refrigerator. The end result is a garishly colored, salty-sweet pickle with a flavor all its own.
14. DEEP-FRIED KOOL-AID HAS BECOME A STATE FAIR FAVORITE.
News reports from the 2011 state fair circuit brought further proof of Americans' ingenuity with a deep fryer. Deep-fried Kool-Aid took the country by storm. USA Today described the treat's origins as “a thick batter with Kool-Aid drink powder.” Once blobs of this concoction hit the fryer's oil, they turned into a brightly colored treat similar to doughnut holes. If you're curious about the whole process, YouTube would be delighted to teach you how to make your own deep-fried Kool-Aid.
15. IT DOESN'T HAVE TO STAIN ANYMORE.
Running around with a Kool-Aid mustache or spilling a big glass of Kool-Aid on the carpet are time-honored rites of passage, but in 2005, Kool-Aid made a breakthrough with Kool-Aid Invisible, powders that turned clear when dissolved in water. Life got a little easier for carpets everywhere.
Vice President Joe Biden was in Ireland, receiving an honorary doctorate; he said in his speech, 'I must say we had looked for a different outcome'
In the race for the White House, Hillary Clinton joined Obama on the side of the 'remain' campaign and Donald Trump urged
President Barack Obama says he spoke to British Prime Minister David Cameron on the phone today, and he is 'confident' after their discussion that the United Kingdom 'is committed to an orderly transition' out of the European Union.
Obama said that the United States will remain in close contact with Britain, and their economic and financial teams will 'stay focused on ensuring economic growth and financial stability.'
He also spoke to German Chancellor Angela Merkel, he said, and they agreed the US and the EU will also 'work closely together in the weeks and months ahead.'
'I do think that yesterday's vote speaks to the ongoing changes and challenges that are raised by globalization,' Obama said in his opening remarks at Stanford University's annual Global Entrepreneurship Summit.
Obama had publicly aligned himself with Cameron in the fight to keep the EU intact, an unusual intervention in another country's politics at the invitation of its leader of the moment.
He attempted to calm choppy global waters on Friday afternoon brought on by Britain's spectacular decision to leave the EU by promising that the United Kingdom's relationship with the United States would remain the same.
Scroll down for video
President Barack Obama says he spoke to British Prime Minister David Cameron on the phone today, and he is 'confident' after their discussion that the United Kingdom 'is committed to an orderly transition' out of the European Union
As a result of the vote, Britain's relationship with the EU will change, Obama assessed at Stanford. 'One thing that will not change is the special relationship that exists between our two nations.'
The president said in a statement that both the UK and the EU would continue to be 'indispensable partners' and touted the former's involvement in NATO as an example of Western stability in face of tumbling worldwide markets.
'The people of the United Kingdom have spoken, and we respect their decision,' he said in a statement.
On the West Coast for a summit and fundraising events, Obama did not immediately speak to Cameron on Friday. In the interim, the White House offered no formal declaration of policy as the pound plunged and the stock market crashed abroad.
At Stanford, Obama had little to say about how the vote will affect the United States' trade partnership with Britain, now that it will soon exit the EU.
It will need to ink a new deal with the United States, he warned in April, and that could take months, and even years.
The referendum result was as much a smack down of the U.S. president as it was the British prime minister, who said this morning that he would resign in October.
'David has been an outstanding friend and partner on the global stage,' Obama said today of Cameron, whom he is closer with than any other world leader.
Obama said that the United States will remain in close contact with Britain, and their economic and financial teams will 'stay focused on ensuring economic growth and financial stability'
The U.S. president had publicly aligned himself with Cameron in the fight to keep the EU intact, an unusual intervention in another country's politics at the invitation of its leader of the moment
Vice President Joe Biden was in Ireland on Friday, receiving an honorary doctorate from Trinity College Dublin. 'I must say we had looked for a different outcome,' Biden said of Brexit
Officially in California for the Global Entrepreneurship Summit, with two Democratic fundraising events lined up later in the day, the U.S. president waited until the event at Stanford - a speech and discussion with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg - to offer a televised comment on the shocking world event.
Hours after the vote totals poured in the White House issued a statement on Obama's behalf that asserted, 'The special relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom is enduring, and the United Kingdom's membership in NATO remains a vital cornerstone of U.S. foreign, security, and economic policy.
'So too is our relationship with the European Union, which has done so much to promote stability, stimulate economic growth, and foster the spread of democratic values and ideals across the continent and beyond.'
The chief executive of the United States promised that both parties 'will remain indispensable partners of the United States even as they begin negotiating their ongoing relationship to ensure continued stability, security, and prosperity for Europe, Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the world.'
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) following news that the United Kingdom has voted to leave the European Union. The Dow Jones industrial average quickly fell nearly 500 points on the news with markets around the globe plunging
Britain voted 52 percent to 48 percent to leave the EU on Thursday, shocking the world and electrocuting the financial markets
White House ON CAMERON CALL President Obama spoke by phone today with Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom to discuss the outcome of yesterday's referendum on membership in the European Union, in which a majority of British voters expressed their desire to leave the EU. The President assured Prime Minister Cameron that, in spite of the outcome, the special relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom, along with the United Kingdom's membership in NATO, remain vital cornerstones of U.S. foreign, security, and economic policy. The President also expressed his regret at the Prime Minister's decision to step aside following a leadership transition and noted that the Prime Minister has been a trusted partner and friend, whose counsel and shared dedication to democratic values, the special relationship, and the Transatlantic community are highly valued. The President also observed that the EU, which has done so much to promote stability, stimulate economic growth, and foster the spread of democratic values and ideals across the continent and beyond, will remain an indispensable partner of the United States. The President and Prime Minister concurred that they are confident that the United Kingdom and the EU will negotiate a productive way forward to ensure financial stability, continued trade and investment, and the mutual prosperity they bring.
Britain voted 52 percent to 48 percent to leave the EU on Thursday, shocking the world and electrocuting the financial markets.
Vice President Joe Biden was in Ireland on Friday, receiving an honorary doctorate from Trinity College Dublin.
'I must say we had looked for a different outcome. We would have preferred a different outcome,' he said in his speech, 'but the United States has a long-standing friendship with the United Kingdom and that very special bond will endure.'
Biden added, 'We fully respect the decision they have made.'
Obama warned at at a joint news conference with Cameron in April that the UK would be sent to 'the back of the queue' if it voted to leave the 28-nation arrangement and go its own way.
'Maybe some point down the line, there might be a UK-U.S. trade agreement, but it's not going to happen anytime soon,' Obama said, 'because our focus is in negotiating with a big bloc, the European Union, to get a trade agreement done.'
The US president added, 'The UK is going to be in the back of the queue -- not because we don't have a special relationship -- but because, given the heavy lift on any trade agreement, us having access to a big market with a lot of countries rather than trying to do piecemeal trade agreements is hugely inefficient.
Obama justified his toiling with the EU by casting the possible Brexit as a US security matter.
'What happens in Europe is going to have an impact here,' he said at the news conference at No. 10. 'And what happens in Europe is going to have an impact in the United States.'
Like Obama, Hillary Clinton, the next Democratic nominee, had urged Britain to 'remain' in the EU. She echoed again echoed Obama in a statement - released after the White House had finally spoken - that said, 'We respect the choice the people of the United Kingdom have made'
Obama warned at at a joint news conference with Cameron in April that the UK would be sent to 'the back of the queue' if it voted to leave the 28-nation arrangement and go its own way
GOP leaders and presumptive Republican Donald Trump blasted Obama's meddling as 'inappropriate.'
'He came in and really tried to convince people to stay, and I thought it was inappropriate,' said Trump, who threw his lot in with the 'leave' faction. 'And I actually think that his recommendation perhaps caused it to fail.'
At a press conference that officially marked the reopening of his Turnberry golf course in Scotland, Trump said Obama is 'constantly dictating to the world what they should do.
White House ON MERKEL CALL The President spoke today by phone with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany regarding the British people's decision to leave the European Union. Both said they regretted the decision but respected the will of the British people. The two leaders agreed that the economic and financial teams of the G-7 partners will coordinate closely to ensure all are focused on financial stability and economic growth. The President and the Chancellor affirmed that Germany and the EU will remain indispensable partners of the United States. The leaders also noted that they looked forward to the opportunity to underscore the strength and enduring bond of transatlantic ties at the NATO Summit in Warsaw, Poland, July 8-9.
'The world doesn't listen to him, obviously. You can see that from the vote.'
Trump promised the country's closest ally that if he succeeds Obama, he'll quickly negotiate a new trade deal with Britain.
'That wouldn't happen to me. They'll always be at the front of the line,' he said in reference to Obama's 'back of the queue' comment in April.
Trump said, 'They've been great allies. I was very surprised when I heard President Obama say that.'
The U.S. presidential election is in November. The sitting president does not leave office until two and a half months later.
Like Obama, Hillary Clinton, the next Democratic nominee, had urged Britain to 'remain' in the EU.
She again echoed Obama in a statement today - released after the White House had finally spoken - that said, 'We respect the choice the people of the United Kingdom have made.'
'Our first task has to be to make sure that the economic uncertainty created by these events does not hurt working families here in America. We also have to make clear America's steadfast commitment to the special relationship with Britain and the transatlantic alliance with Europe.
Clinton said in the written statement: 'This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House to protect Americans' pocketbooks and livelihoods, to support our friends and allies, to stand up to our adversaries, and to defend our interests. It also underscores the need for us to pull together to solve our challenges as a country, not tear each other down.'
FULL WHITE HOUSE STATEMENT ON BREXIT The people of the United Kingdom have spoken, and we respect their decision. The special relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom is enduring, and the United Kingdom's membership in NATO remains a vital cornerstone of U.S. foreign, security, and economic policy. So too is our relationship with the European Union, which has done so much to promote stability, stimulate economic growth, and foster the spread of democratic values and ideals across the continent and beyond. The United Kingdom and the European Union will remain indispensable partners of the United States even as they begin negotiating their ongoing relationship to ensure continued stability, security, and prosperity for Europe, Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the world.
Trump blasted Obama today: 'He came in and really tried to convince people to stay, and I thought it was inappropriate,' said Trump, who threw his lot in with the 'leave' faction. 'And I actually think that his recommendation perhaps caused it to fail'
Previously, Jake Sullivan, her senior policy adviser, said she supported Cameron and Obama's position.
'Hillary Clinton believes that transatlantic cooperation is essential, and that cooperation is strongest when Europe is united. She has always valued a strong United Kingdom in a strong EU. And she values a strong British voice in the EU,' he told the Observer in April, a day after the Obama-Cameron presser.
Trump used it as a cudgel against her on Friday. He said, 'She's always misread everything...She's misread this.'
'The only reason she did it is because Obama wanted it,' he said. Clinton 'doubled down' on what Obama said 'and she did the same thing.'
'And obviously, for the 219th time, they were wrong. They're always wrong. And that's the problem with them.'
House Speaker Paul Ryan refused on Thursday to get involved in the Brexit debate UK voters made their decision.
'I'm going to do exactly what the president did not do and not weigh in on this, and send the signal to our great friends and allies in Britain that we stand with them regardless of what decision they make,' Ryan said.
In a conversation about Muslim-Americans at last night's dumpster-fire debate, Donald Trump said, “We know nothing about their values and we know nothing about their love for our country.” He also said he thought Muslims in America must “report when they see something going on.”
Unfortunately, he wasn't very specific about what that “something” is (however, many pointed out Trump insinuated Muslim-Americans won't report terror-related crimes), but that didn't deter a lot of Muslims on Twitter, who readily began reporting anything and everything happening in their lives.
“Hello, I'd like to report a dangerous racist misogynist demagogue on my TV…yes, I'll hold.” #MuslimsReportStuff #Debates — Zainab Chaudary (@chaudary_zainab) October 10, 2016
#MuslimsReportStuff Sky is blue today and traffic sucks. — Doody Giuliani (@DoodyGiuliani1) October 10, 2016
It was White and Gold. #MuslimsReportStuff — taq (@diaryofdualeh) October 10, 2016
#muslimsreportstuff My mother uses store-bought filo pastry for her samoosas every single year. — Yaseen Kader (@ysnkdr) October 10, 2016
#MuslimsReportStuff Gremlins 2 is the rare sequel that completely deconstructs the franchise. For my money, it's better than the first. — Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) October 10, 2016
Hi, I'm Muslim & want 2 report a man in St. Louis butchering English by stringing adjectives & passing them as sentences #MuslimsReportStuff — Muna Ali (@munamali) October 10, 2016
Moustafa Bayoumi was one of the first to tweet the joke, but ReThink Media's Zainab Chaudary started the hashtag. The Daily Dot has reached out to Chaudary about her inspiration, but hasn't heard back as of this posting.
Aside from the fact that Muslim people do report dangerous or suspicious behavior both in and outside of their communities, they are also people and citizens whose existence in this country shouldn't be contingent on appeasing everyone else's paranoia. Muslims don't have any more responsibility to report things because of their religion. But if anything, we've learned there is a lot of samosa corner-cutting going on.
“Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.” – Rumi
Rumi left us so much wisdom and insight through his beautiful, yet powerful poetry that applies just as much today as it did in the 13th century. A Persian poet, Islamic scholar, theologian, and spiritual teacher, Rumi is a best-selling poet in the United States and gave us a unique perspective about the universe and life that we can all take something from.
Here are 15 life-changing lessons to learn from Rumi:
1. Don't avoid tough experiences; they are wonderful teachers.
“The wound is the place where the Light enters you.”
“These pains you feel are messengers. Listen to them.”
“You have to keep breaking your heart until it opens.”
“The moon stays bright when it doesn't avoid the night.”
“What hurts you, blesses you. Darkness is your candle.”
“Don't turn away. Keep your gaze on the bandaged place. That's where the light enters you.”
2. Don't allow things outside yourself to control your emotions.
“If you are irritated by every rub, how will you be polished?”
“Don't grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.”
3. Leave behind a legacy worth remembering.
“Forget safety. Live where you fear to live. Destroy your reputation. Be notorious.”
4. Don't act so small when you have the whole universe inside of you.
“Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.”
“Become the sky. Take an axe to the prison wall. Escape.”
5. Focus on changing yourself, and the whole world will appear differently.
“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.”
6. Always follow your heart; it will take you where you need to go.
“Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.”
“When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.”
7. You have a purpose here far beyond what you've been told.
“There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled. There is a void in your soul, ready to be filled. You feel it, don't you?”
8. Love is everything.
“Only from the heart can you touch the sky.”
“This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.”
9. Rise up to meet your potential.
“You were born with potential. You were born with goodness and trust. You were born with ideals and dreams. You were born with greatness. You were born with wings. You are not meant for crawling, so don't. You have wings. Learn to use them and fly.”
“You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?”
“Be like the sun for grace and mercy. Be like the night to cover others' faults. Be like running water for generosity. Be like death for rage and anger. Be like the Earth for modesty. Appear as you are. Be as you appear.”
10. Find people who will shine light on your path.
“Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death.”
“Set your life on fire. Seek those who fan your flames”
11. Don't take your thoughts so seriously; they do not own you.
“Be empty of worrying. Think of who created thought! Why do you stay in prison When the door is so wide open?”
“Put your thoughts to sleep, do not let them cast a shadow over the moon of your heart. Let go of thinking.”
“This being human is a guest house. Every morning is a new arrival. A joy, a depression, a meanness, some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor…Welcome and entertain them all. Treat each guest honorably. The dark thought, the shame, the malice, meet them at the door laughing, and invite them in. Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond.”
12. Sit in silence for a while; everything will make more sense.
“In Silence there is eloquence. Stop weaving and see how the pattern improves.”
“Silence is the language of God, all else is poor translation.”
13. We all are visitors of this planet, because we come from elsewhere.
“All day I think about it, then at night I say it. Where did I come from, and what am I supposed to be doing? I have no idea. My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there.”
“We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust.”
14. Open your eyes to what you already have within you.
“Everything in the universe is within you. Ask all from yourself.”
“I have lived on the lip of insanity, wanting to know reasons, knocking on a door. It opens. I've been knocking from the inside.”
“You wander from room to room Hunting for the diamond necklace That is already around your neck!”
“Why are you so enchanted by this world, when a mine of gold lies within you?”
“There is a fountain inside you. Don't walk around with an empty bucket.”
15. Don't seek anything outside yourself; the answers are contained in your heart.
“Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.”
“That which is false troubles the heart, but truth brings joyous tranquility.”
“What you seek is seeking you.”
“Do you know what you are? You are a manuscript oƒ a divine letter. You are a mirror reflecting a noble face. This universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself; everything that you want, you are already that.”
Warren M. Anderson, a Brooklyn carpenter's son who ascended to the top of the Union Carbide Corp., where he grappled with the ravages of a poisonous gas leak at the company's plant in Bhopal in 1984 that killed thousands in one of history's most lethal industrial accidents, died on 29 September at a nursing home in Vero Beach, Florida. He was 92.
His death, which was not announced by his family, was confirmed from public records.
In an interview with The New York Times five months after the tragedy, Anderson spoke of his feelings of loss and helplessness. “You wake up in the morning thinking, can it have occurred?" he said. “And then you know it has and you know it's something you're going to have to struggle with for a long time."
Anderson was highly praised for his courage in going to Bhopal four days after the accident, where he was immediately arrested. But after quickly paying bail, he never returned to face trial.
The Indian government made multiple requests to extradite him, and officially labelled him a fugitive. A judge here called him an “absconder."
In 2010, after eight low-level Indian executives of Union Carbide's Bhopal subsidiary were convicted of negligence, a writer for rediff.com, an Indian news site, visited Anderson's immaculately landscaped home in New York's Hamptons. Reflecting Indian public opinion that he deserved punishment as the ultimate culprit, the writer imagined a future that never happened: “10 to 20 years in a dirty, overcrowded, rat-infested Indian prison."
The Bhopal horror began around midnight on 2-3 December 1984, when a chemical reaction in a plant that made insecticides caused a leak of toxic gases that swept through the surrounding community. The government of Madhya Pradesh confirmed 3,787 deaths as a result. Unofficial estimates exceeded 10,000. More than a half-million people were injured, with many dying from illnesses including lung cancer, kidney failure and liver disease.
In 1989, Union Carbide paid $470 million to the Indian government to settle litigation stemming from the disaster. But the Indian public, cheered on by politicians and the news media, never stopped urging the prosecution of Anderson, and arrest warrants were periodically issued.
With the support of the US government, he escaped extradition. And he eluded subpoenas in civil cases by living quietly and migrating between his homes in Vero Beach; Greenwich, Connecticut; and Bridgehampton, New York.
The Indian government and Indian activists contended that slack management and deferred maintenance caused the disaster. Union Carbide blamed sabotage. The company further pointed out that it owned just 51% of the company, and left oversight to local executives. It denied that it had been mixing dangerous chemicals in India to save money; it would be less expensive, the company said, to make the pesticide in the US and sell it in India.
Union Carbide insisted that the settlement agreement ended any possibility of prosecuting Anderson.
Anderson had devoted his life to climbing the Union Carbide corporate ladder, arriving at work at 7am and frequently moving from city to city. His major concern before the accident was disappointing financial results: In 1979, when he was president and chief operating officer, the company had predicted its sales would reach $13 billion in 1983. In fact they were around $9 billion, and earnings dropped more than 90%.
After he became chairman and chief executive in 1982, he improved productivity and sales, and acquired several companies, including STP Oil. Ecologists said Union Carbide began shaking off the reputation as a polluter that had long dogged it. Anderson ruled over an empire with 700 plants in more than three dozen countries.
Then came Bhopal. For the first time in his life, Anderson couldn't sleep; at one point he holed up for a week at a hotel in Stamford, Connecticut.
He and his wife, Lillian, spent evenings reading newspaper articles about the tragedy to each other. When they went to restaurants, he was afraid to be seen laughing because people “might not think it was appropriate," he told The Times.
But he told The Associated Press that he was determined to find something positive in the darkness. Although he acknowledged that “people look at me and think I'm out of my mind to say that this may be a good event," he envisioned the disaster leading to new safety procedures.
Anderson was born in New York on 29 November 1921, to Swedish immigrants who lived in the borough's Bay Ridge section. They named him for Warren G. Harding, who was the president at the time. He helped his father, a carpenter, install floors, and delivered copies of The Brooklyn Eagle.
He won football and academic scholarships to Colgate, where he majored in chemistry. After graduating in 1942, he enlisted in the Navy and trained to be a fighter pilot, but never saw combat. He played football for a Navy team that had the legendary Bear Bryant as coach. After his discharge, he made the rounds of chemical companies and took the first job offered him—by Union Carbide.
He started as a salesman and later oversaw operations in Europe, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. He worked in the company's chemicals, plastics, gas, metals and carbon businesses. While working for Union Carbide, he earned a law degree from Western Reserve University (now Case Western Reserve) in 1956.
In 1986, at age 65, he retired from Union Carbide. In later years he gardened and fished with his wife, who survives him, and baked Swedish bread, following an old family recipe.
His death passed almost unnoticed until an article appeared in Vero Beach 32963, the weekly newspaper of the Vero Beach barrier island.
In 1984, an article in The Times said that in dealing with Bhopal, Union Carbide, which is now part of Dow Chemical, had to find a balance between “the instincts of human compassion, the demands of public relations and the dictates of corporate survival."
The article noted that a paperweight on Anderson's desk quoted his favorite Chinese proverb, suggesting his preferred light-handed approach: “Leader is best when people barely know he exists."
©2014/THE NEW YORK TIMES
It's official, folks. The very last Land Rover Defender rolled off the Solihull, England, assembly line this morning. All told, 2,016,933 Series I, II, III, and Defenders have been manufactured in Solihull since 1948. The off-roader still sells relatively well in spite of its age, but it no longer complies with the stringent safety and emissions regulations in Europe.
Land Rover marked the occasion by inviting 700 current and former employees to watch the last Defender (pictured right and below) go down the assembly line and witness the workers put their tools away for the last time. The landmark model is a limited-edition Defender 90 Heritage Edition, meaning it receives a classic-looking grille whose design is inspired by the Series III, retro-inspired emblems on both ends, a cashmere green/Alaska white paint two-tone paint job, body-colored steel wheels, and a tan soft top. It was purchased by Ralf Speth, the CEO of Jaguar – Land Rover, but it will be displayed in the company's official museum.
The end of the Defender's 33-year long production run marks the end of an era. While modern Land Rovers models like the Evoque and the Discovery Sport are largely built by robots, the Defender was still mostly assembled by hand. The British carmaker explains it took about 56 hours to turn 7,000 individual parts into a fully functional Defender. Interestingly, the Defender only shares two components with the original model that was introduced in 1948: One is the small retaining plate that helps hold the hood in place, and the other is the rear underbody support strut.
Most of the employees that worked on the Defender line will move to other Jaguar – Land Rover facilities, but ten of them have been assigned to a new Heritage Restoration program that aims to keep classic Series and Defender models on the road.
What's next?
Land Rover stresses the Defender hasn't reached the end of the line. While the nameplate will disappear from the company's lineup for a few years, a brand-new model is at the embryonic stage of development. It's not scheduled to go on sale until 2019 so official details are few and far between, but Land Rover executives have previously confirmed the next Defender won't look anything like the DC100 concept that shown at the 2011 edition of the Frankfurt Auto Show.
SONY DSC
Advertisements
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A hero firefighter has died saving 300 passengers and crew after an Emirates plane crash landed at an airport today.
Jasim Issa Mohammed Hassan died while putting out the flames after the jet crashed and burst into flames at Dubai International Airport.
All passengers and crew onboard were saved but it has now emerged that the firefighter died after sustaining injuries during the rescue efforts.
Saif Al Suwaidi, director of General Civil Aviation Authority said the firefighter “lost his life while saving the lives of others”.
As reported by The National, Mr Al Suwaidi said: "I salute his ultimate sacrifice that kept many from harm's way. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family."
The man helped 282 fliers and 12 cabin staff escape from the burning jet alive after it crash landed at Dubai International Airport this afternoon.
(Image: Facebook/Kuwait UPTO Date)
Moments later, the aircraft exploded and burst into flames.
The firefighter suffered fatal injuries in the blaze.
Today, officials paid tribute to his 'ultimate sacrifice' .
The General Civil Aviation Authority said (GCAA) said in a statement: "This Boeing 777 flight was carrying 282 passengers with 18 crew members on board.
(Image: Facebook/Kuwait UPTO Date)
"We are grateful to God for his mercy and confirm that there were no fatalities among the passengers and crew on board.
"We are however, very sad to announce that one of the firefighters lost his life while saving the lives of the others.
“On behalf of the General Civil Aviation Authority, I would like to offer my heartfelt condolences to the family of deceased. I salute his ultimate sacrifice that kept many from harm's way.
"Our thoughts and prayers are with his family."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The statement, seen by Gulf News, added that the GCAA is working closely with Emirates and Dubai International Airport to establish the cause of the crash.
It has now emerged that the Emirates plane had aborted its landing seconds before smashing into the runway.
Air traffic control reports now reveal that Flight EK521 had been on its final approach to the airport when it aborted its landing.
It attempted to 'go-around' - meaning to carry out a second attempt at landing.
However, instead of climbing height to begin a new approach, it instead touched down on the runway and burst into flames.
There are now questions as to why the plane's landing gear appeared to have not been lowered as it came into land.
The crew have been praised for evacuating the plane so quickly which saved all 300 people onboard.
(Image: Facebook/Jerin George)
However, aviation expert Anthony Davis has raised concerns over how the plane came to crash land and speculated pilot error could have been the cause.
Speaking to Mirror Online, he said: "It is good that the crew got everybody off the plane but a Boeing 777 has been written off.
"This just should not happen. It looks to me like this is an issue of not very good airmanship."
Posted on by Art Powell
A few people are prepping themselves for the next economic crisis and speculating about what will cause it. This blogger thinks there are several possible causes. It is about 99.99 per cent certain there will be another crisis.
Even if somebody does make an accurate prediction it will probably do no good because there are so many vested interests there will be no consensus about the cause and about what to do to prevent it. However, for some of us there is some fun in trying to think out economic problems and we might be able to improve our understanding of economics. So, here goes.
The possibilities are for the cause to be within the financial system or for the cause to be within the physical or real side of the economy. As the two are interconnected it may be difficult to determine just what is happening.
Problems within the financial system relate to money. Either there is too much money or not enough. Ideally the available money supply needs to be just right for the quantity of goods and services exchanged and as this varies it needs to be flexible. When there is too much money available there is potential for inflation and this is a problem for people with invested savings as they lose some of their purchasing power. Deflation is a problem for lenders as the money they have loaned out will have less purchasing power when it is returned, if it is returned.
The really serious problem comes when there is not enough money as this curtails economic activity. Most of the money supply is based on loans made by the financial industry and involves a multiplier. When the industry has to write off a large quantity of loans, as with the recent subprime housing crisis, the money supply goes down, again with a multiplier effect. Without money the exchange of goods and services becomes difficult and lots of people lose their jobs. Big time suffering.
Currently it appears there is lots of money floating around the economy. Lots of firms are reported to have piles of cash on hand and are probably unable to see investment opportunities.
On the real side of the economy, many people assume there are lots of energy and mineral resources available and therefore no physical restraints on the exchange of goods and services. This may not be true.
A common argument is that as resources are consumed higher prices will bring on a greater supply which happened with oil and lots of minerals. The problem is that they also require more energy to extract which reduces the energy available for other activities and at some point the value of the energy exceeds the value of the resources. This blogger figures there are lots of energy and mineral resources available on the earth's crust, but the cost of getting them makes them useless. This could be changed by technology and the decreasing cost of solar energy will make the high cost of oil irrelevant.
However there may be some economic disruptions in the transition. How much oil infrastructure will have to be written of and what would that do to the money supply? Also there are all the other minerals for which there are no clear cheap substitutes.
This guy fears the greatest threat to our economic well-being is from resource restrictions on the physical side of the economy. An even greater threat is that too many people will not see the problem because they analyse problems only in financial terms and will be looking for solutions on the financial side. Changes in how much money is available or even in the way in which we create money will not add to the resource base or make it cheaper to extract them.
I fear for the future of my grandchildren.
Advertisements
Share this: Facebook
LinkedIn
Google
Twitter
Email
Print
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Filed under: Economics | Tagged: crisis, deflation, Economics, financial crisis, grandchildren, inflation, money supply, not enough money, resources |
Benjamin Netanyahu is facing a storm of criticism because of his "embarrassing" behaviour at Sunday's mass solidarity march in Paris and his calls for French Jews to emigrate to Israel following last week's deadly attack on a Jewish supermarket.
The Israeli prime minister was seen elbowing his way to the front of the parade of world leaders and also unsuccessfully tried to jump to the head of queue waiting for a bus that was to take guests to the starting point.
After he failed to get on the first bus, a nervous-looking Mr Netanyahu – accompanied by what appeared to be an Israeli security team – was shown on French video footage waiting for the next one.
During the march, Mr Netanyahu waved to the crowd in response to a pro-Israel shout from a woman spectator, a gesture some Israeli commentators deemed to be at odds with the sombre mood.
The alleged gaffes were further compounded by reports that the Israeli leader attended the event in defiance of a request to stay away from Francois Hollande, the French president, who reportedly did not want it overshadowed by the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Mr Netanyahu initially agreed but changed his mind after learning that two political rivals – Avigdor Lieberman, the Israeli foreign minister, and Naftali Bennett, the industry minister and leader of the Jewish Home party – were going.
His insistence on attending prompted the French authorities to invite Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian Authority leader, as a counterweight, reported the liberal Israeli newspaper Haaretz.
The most serious criticism has been levelled at his call for members of France's Jewish community – the largest in Europe – to move to Israel for safety reasons following last Friday's attack on a kosher supermarket in Paris, in which four Jews were killed.
Even before his plane departed for Paris, Mr Netanyahu issued a statement saying that he planned to tell French Jews who wanted to emigrate to Israel that they would be "welcomed with open arms".
That is said to have offended Mr Hollande, who attended a rally at Paris' grand synagogue on Sunday night with Mr Netanyahu but pointedly left before the Israeli leader addressed the audience.
Mr Netanyahu's appeal for emigration, echoed by some other Israeli politicians, was criticised by European Jewish leaders and – implicitly – by Reuven Rivlin, the Israeli president, who said aliyah (emigration) should be born out of choice and Zionist feelings rather than fear of anti-Semitism.
Rabbi Menachem Margolin, director of the European Jewish Association, said that instead of calling for Jews to emigrate after anti-Semitic attacks, Israel should "employ every diplomatic and informational means at its disposal to strengthen the safety of Jewish life in Europe", an Israeli website reported.
Ben Caspit, an experienced Israeli commentator, mocked Mr Netanyahu's attempt to portray Israel as a safe haven. "Are the Jews of Paris more threatened than us?," he asked in Maariv newspaper. "All of Israel's territory is targeted by thousands of accurate and heavy rockets and missiles that could be fired on our heads in the next flare-up with Hizbullah. Just this past summer, Tel Aviv (Tel Aviv!) was a city that was bombed for 50 days. So the French should flee here?"
A woman was charged Tuesday with killing her daughter, weeks after the troubled teenager's remains were unearthed in a partly burned brush pile on a remote farm in southern Missouri.
Ozark County prosecutor John Garrabrant charged Rebecca Ruud, 39, with first- and second-degree murder, abuse of a child resulting in death, tampering with physical evidence, and abandonment of a corpse, in the killing of Savannah Leckie, 16.
Until last year, the girl lived with her adoptive parents in Minnesota.
Ruud was arrested Monday and is being held without bail in Ozark County jail.
Adopted soon after her birth, Leckie grew up in Minnesota. In 2016 she went to live with Ruud, authorities said.
Ruud reported Leckie missing in July, telling authorities the teen ran away because she “blamed herself” for a brushfire at the farm that injured Ruud, according to a probable because statement filed Tuesday.
Ozark County Sheriff Darrin Reed said Monday that dental records from Minnesota helped confirm that burned teeth and bones found on Ruud's farm belong to Leckie, who had been missing from the 81-acre farm where she had been living for 11 months with Ruud. The remains turned up during a search of the property on Aug. 4.
“From information I received [Monday] from forensic specialists, and evidence that was obtained, the remains that were recovered are those of 16-year-old Savannah Leckie, of Longrun [Mo.],” Reed said in a statement. In a follow-up statement Tuesday, Reed said, “The investigation has intensified.”
The public defender's office didn't reply to a phone message or e-mail seeking comment.
Cruel treatment
There had been little doubt for Leckie's adoptive parents, Tamile Montague of Minneapolis and David Leckie of Park Rapids, who are divorced, that the remains would be anyone's but their daughter's.
“Our family is in deep grief and is mourning Savannah,” Montague said in a statement released Tuesday through the Jacob Wetterling Resource Center. “This is not the outcome that we were hoping and praying for.”
Montague last spoke with her daughter on June 3, Savannah's 16th birthday, said family friend and spokesman Cary Steeves.
Precisely how Leckie died remains unclear, but Ozark County Sheriff's Department investigator Curtis Dobbs said in the statement: “I believe Ms. Ruud deliberately and methodically caused the death of Savannah Leckie and then attempted to conceal it by destroying evidence and her remains by fire.”
The court document tells of Ruud's cruel treatment of Leckie, who was diagnosed at age 9 with Asperger's syndrome, attention-deficit disorder and depression.
Ruud told investigators that in November Montague asked Ruud to take the teen because Leckie couldn't get along with Montague's boyfriend.
Ruud “continually complained about Savannah's inability to adapt to life on the farm,” Montague told investigators.
She also told Montague that the girl was costing her so much money she “was afraid of losing her farm.”
Ruud told authorities that she had smashed the girl's phone and limited her contact on Facebook “as a form of control and punishment,” according to the probable cause statement. Ruud had Savannah roll around in a hog pen on at least one occasion and made her wade into a muddy pond and dunk under as forms of punishment, the statement said.
Ruud said Leckie “deliberately cut her own arm” and that as punishment for that Ruud “poured alcohol and salt on the cut twice a day and rubbed it until the scabs came off.”
Call to fire department
The saga of Leckie's death began July 18 when Ruud reported a half-acre blaze on her farm near Theodosia, Mo., a village of 250 people near the Arkansas border.
When firefighters asked to see Leckie, Ruud declined, saying that her daughter was fine and resting in the trailer she lived in on the property.
“At no time did any fire department [personnel] see Savannah at the Ruud property,” according to the probable cause statement.
Two nights later Ruud and her boyfriend, Robert Peat Jr., reported the girl missing.
“I need to report a missing child, I think she's a runaway. … I had a fire two days ago, Savannah is blaming herself for the fire, I got burnt, I think that's why she ran away,” Ruud told the Ozark County Sheriff's Department.
On Aug. 4, after several unsuccessful searches, authorities sifted a giant pile of partly burned brush and tree limbs about 400 yards from Ruud's house. There they found several human bone fragments consistent with ribs, vertebrae, finger, toes and teeth. Searches also turned up a meat grinder, a knife and 26 bottles of lye, which can be used in making soap but also to accelerate the breakdown of body tissue.
On the same day that authorities were conducting their search of the burn pile, Ruud and Peat Jr. were married in Howell County.
Ruud was arrested on Monday in Springfield as she was attempting to board a Greyhound bus to Kansas City. Peat Jr., who has not been charged, purchased a bus ticket to Memphis.
Jail records in Missouri do not list Peat Jr. as being in custody.
Garrabrant, the prosecuting attorney, would not comment on whether Peat Jr. would be charged, but the Sheriff's Department said more charges are expected.
2014/15 season tickets are now on general sale. Call 0844 327 1901 or buy online Click here
Brighton & Hove Albion are delighted to announce Sami Hyypia's appointment as first-team manager, having agreed a three-year contract with the former Finnish international.
The new Albion boss said, "I am absolutely thrilled by this appointment; Brighton & Hove Albion are an ambitious club and I am very pleased to have been given this opportunity.
"I've held extensive talks with the chairman Tony Bloom and chief executive Paul Barber. I have looked at the club from top to bottom and I am very impressed by what I've seen at all levels.
"I've seen the Amex Stadium and the club's new training ground and they are amongst the best I've seen anywhere in the world. I've also already met some of the key staff including Nathan Jones, the club's head of football David Burke, and Dr Helge Riepenhoff, head of medical and sports science, and I am very much looking forward to working with all of them.
"The chairman is ambitious and for me that is absolutely key. I am now looking forward to the challenge ahead and our aim is to take the club forward to the next level."
Chairman Tony Bloom added, "We are very excited to have appointed Sami as our new manager. He has already had a distinguished career in the game, having played and managed at the very top.
"As we have said previously we had a wealth of very high calibre applicants. Paul and I undertook an extensive and diligent evaluation of the contenders and Sami was the one who emerged as our number one choice.
"I would like to thank the fans for their patience during this time. I know the fans were keen to see a new manager in place quickly, but it was vital to take our time. I am extremely confident that Sami will be a big success at Brighton, and I am sure the fans will share our delight at his appointment."
Hyypia will announce his coaching team - including Nathan Jones as his first-team coach - ahead of the new season.
He added, "There is a good vibe at this club, and Tony and Paul have also told me about the club's great fans. The support is quite incredible, and I cannot wait to lead Brighton next season."
Hyypia played in Finland and Holland before joining Liverpool in 1999, gaining legendary status at Anfield as he helped the Reds win the FA Cup, League Cup, UEFA Cup and most notably the UEFA Champions League in 2005.
Hyypia ended his playing career in Germany with Bayer Leverkusen in 2011 having played more than 700 senior games, including more than 100 senior caps for Finland. He began coaching for the Bundesliga club and Finnish national team, before taking over as head coach at Bayer Leverkusen in 2012.
Hyypia will be introduced to the media at the club's new training ground next week.
We all complain about the high price of oil: businessmen worry about the rising cost of petroleum-based raw materials, and politicians fret about the geo-political situations in oil rich countries and the rest of us pay through the nose whenever we fill up at the pump (yes, it has come down a bit, but only after such a huge run-up).
But what do we really know about oil? Do you know where petroleum came from? (hint: not dinosaurs). Or that during the early days of Standard Oil, gasoline was so useless that it was dumped in rivers? Did you know how much it actually costs the Saudis to produce a barrel of crude oil? (This explains why they're SO rich).
Here are the 10 Facts You Didn't Know About Oil:
1. Petroleum = Rock Oil
The word petroleum comes from the Greek word "petros" and the Latin word "oleum" meaning "rock" and "oil". Before "petroleum" was coined by German mineralogist Georg Bauer in 1556, people simply called it "rock oil."
Indeed, the Chinese, who had drilled the world's first oil well in 347 AD (800 feet or 240 m deep pit using bits attached to bamboo poles), called it - and still calls it - shi you, which literally means rock oil.
2. "Fossil Fuel" Came From Dinosaurs, Right?
Photo: Osborn, H.F. (1913)
It's common knowledge that oil came from decomposing dead dinosaurs and plant matters (after all, it is called "fossil fuel," right?) - but that's actually wrong. Though most scientists believed that oil has a biological origin, they don't believe that oil came from dinosaurs. They thought that oil was derived from single-celled planktons that flourished, died and then decomposed hundreds of millions of years ago.
Some scientists (mostly Russian and Ukrainian geologists) believe that oil wasn't produced from any living thing at all. This abiogenic petroleum origin hypothesis claims that oil was formed from deep carbon deposits dating from as early as the formation of Earth. If that sounds kooky to you, just know this: one of the proponents of this theory was Dmitri Mendeleev (yes, the guy who invented the periodic table of elements).
(If you're interested, Cecil Adams talked about this at The Straight Dope)
3. Ancient Uses of Petroleum
Greek Fire, from the Skylitzes manuscript
Humans have been using petroleum products for a long time. Asphalt was used in ancient Babylon as mortar for buildings and for waterproofing ships. Tar was first used in 8th century Baghdad to pave roads. Crude forms of kerosene was used to light lamps.
During the reign of the Byzantine Empire, greek fire - an incendiary weapon which exact formula was long lost to history but thought to contain various petroleum products - was a formidable weapon because pouring water on it only intensified its flame.
4. Love the Whales? Thank Petroleum!
In the 19th century, high demand for whale oil for industrial uses fueled the whaling industry. Indeed, whale oil was widely used for lamp illuminants (whale oil burned slowly without any odor), candle wax, and clock lubricants.
Whale oil was used as a glaze for early photographs, and it was an essential ingredient for pharmaceuticals, soap, varnish and cosmetics (whale oil imparts a "rich glossy sheen").
Thanks to petroleum distillation, however, the demand for whale oil dropped significantly until there's no longer any economic reason to go whaling. Indeed, commercial whaling was completely banned in 1986.
One final note: there is one thing that we still use whale oil for and that's space exploration. NASA found out that sperm whale oil does not freeze even in very cold temperatures (like in outer space), thus making it an ideal lubricant for space probes.
5. When Gasoline was so Cheap it was Worthless
Standard Oil refinery in 1910. Photo: Richmond Public Library
During the early days of Standard Oil (this was before cars became popular), kerosene was the name of the game. Gasoline, a by-product of petroleum distillation to produce kerosene, didn't have much demand. It was a cheap product used to treat lice and a solvent to remove grease stains from clothing ... In fact, gas was so cheap that oil companies used to dump it in rivers!
6. Zone Pricing: How Gas Gets Priced at the Pump
Ever wonder why the same gas costs differently across town, even if it costs the same to make and transport? You can blame zone pricing:
On a recent Wednesday, 72-year-old veterinarian Charles Hendricks filled up his Mercury Grand Marquis at a Chevron in west Anaheim. On the other end of town, 22-year-old sandwich store manager Ryan Ketchum gassed up his Nissan Sentra at a Chevron in Anaheim Hills. Both men bought regular gasoline. Both pumped the gas themselves. But there was one important difference: Hendricks paid $2.399 a gallon, whereas Ketchum paid $2.539 — 14 cents more a gallon for the same Chevron gas. [...] The primary culprit is zone pricing, a secret and pervasive oil company strategy to boost profits by charging dealers different amounts for fuel based on traffic volume, station amenities, nearby household incomes, the strength of competitors and other factors. (Source)
Wait, shouldn't that be illegal? Not according to both the Federal Trade Commission and the courts:
It's a controversial strategy, but the courts have thus far deemed it legal, and the Federal Trade Commission recently said the effect on consumers was ambiguous because some customers got hurt by higher prices while others benefited from lower ones.
(Photo: gj walberg [Flickr])
7. Oil Shocks of the 1970s
Cars waiting in line at a gas station (1979). Photo: Warren K. Leffler, Library of Congress
It's easy to think that today's sky high oil prices is a new problem, but the fact is, it actually has happened before. Twice.
In 1973, spurred by the Yom Kippur (or Ramadan) War, the Arab members of the OPEC announced that they would cut oil production and not ship oil to the United States, Europe, and Japan for supporting Israel. In essence, they were using oil as a weapon to punish the West.
The effect was immediate: oil quadrupled in price (to $12/barrel - how quaint that seems now!) and gasoline price jumped more than 40%. The U.S. government moved to control the price of gas and lines of cars waiting to buy gasoline became a familiar sight. In many places in the country, gas was rationed:
... officials in Massachusetts, Maryland, New Jersey, Washington, B.C., Bade County, Fla., and other areas last week adopted Oregon-type rationing schemes that will allow motorists with even-numbered license plates to buy gas on even-numbered dates, and those with odd-numbered plates to buy on odd-numbered dates (Source)
To help reduce consumption, the national maximum speed limit of 55 mph was imposed in 1974, and the US started to stockpile crude oil in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in 1975. Calls for conservation went hand in hand with greater interests in renewable energy, specifically wind and solar power.
In 1979, the second oil crisis happened when Ayatollah Khomeini took control of Iran after the Iranian Revolution, forcing the Shah of Iran to flee the country. For the second time in six years, the price of crude oil spiked and gas lines formed at the pump.
The 1970s oil crises were followed by the 1980s oil glut, which drove down the price of gas (though not to the level before the crises) ... and - surprise! - caused everyone to forget what it felt like to pay exorbitant gas prices until the next crisis.
8. The Reason the Saudis are so Rich
Extracting oil from the ground is complicated - but it's also a well established science. Have you asked yourself how much exactly does it cost Saudi Aramco, the state-owned national oil company of Saudi Arabia and the world's largest oil producer, to produce a barrel of crude oil?
Forbes magazine has the answer:
Aramco can quench its gargantuan thirst for development: It's easily the most profitable company on the planet. While results are closely held, Aramco stands to net, after amortization of capital costs, roughly $200 billion a year on revenue in excess of $350 billion. Last year oil minister Ali Al-Naimi told reporters that the average barrel of Saudi oil costs just $2 to produce. It sells for $130. (Source)
9. Rising Oil Price Ultimately Leads to Rising Goods Price
So what if oil price skyrockets if you can just walk or bicycle to work? Well, it turns out that out of 20 million barrels of oil United States imports every day, only 45% is used for gasoline fuel.
Though the large majority of the rest are used as fuel of some sort (like heating fuel), a portion of the petroleum is used for raw materials found in practically all consumer products sold today:
No business in America produces more of the oil-based ingredients that go into the nation's products than the Dow Chemical Company, based in Midland, Mich. From Dow's petrochemical operations come the basic ingredients of a wide variety of plastic bottles and packaging, including numerous containers once made of glass or tin. Indeed, paint, computer and television screens, mobile phones, light bulbs, cushions, paper, mattresses, car seats, carpets, steering wheels and polyesters are all made with ingredients that Dow and other chemical companies refine from oil and natural gas. Dow normally raises prices piecemeal. Last month, though, the surge in the cost of oil and natural gas, the company's principal raw materials, produced a rare across-the-board price increase of as much as 20 percent. (Source)
So far, worried by the weak economy, many businesses have not passed along the rising cost of raw material to consumers. A growing number of economists, however, think that it's just a matter of time before they have to.
And it's not just the price of hard goods. According to the Buzzwatch blog at the Wall Street Journal, many other things are blamed on high oil prices:
- Some schools may cut back on field trips
- Pizza delivery charges are rising.
- Kangaroo harvesters are seeking alternative careers. (Really)
- Gas theft is on the rise in California's San Joaquin Valley.
10. Have We Reached Peak Oil?
This graph shows that oil productions have peaked in non-OPEC, non-former Soviet Union countries. Domestic oil production in the United States peaked in the 1970s. (Image from Wikipedia)
"Peak oil" is a concept created by geoscientist M. King Hubbert in 1956 to predict when U.S. oil production would peak.
Scientists and oilmen are concerned about the amount of oil produced over time and the amount of oil still in the ground that can potentially be extracted in the future. Why? Because the cost of production would begin to go up as oil becomes scarcer (at the same time, the world's population would continue to grow thus requiring even more oil).
Economists say that oil demand is inelastic - this means that a small drop in production can cause price to skyrocket. Indeed, in the 1970s oil shock, a production drop of 25% caused oil price to jump 400%. So clearly peak oil spells trouble for the world's economy.
So, have we reached peak oil? Some people argue that we have and certainly the rising oil prices lend support to this argument (note that the decline in the value of the dollar also contributed to high oil prices), whereas others argued that we're about a decade away from reaching this point. It's prudent to note that other researchers predicted that we would reach peak oil in the 1990s, and that obviously didn't happen.
But one thing is for sure: if the 1970s oil crises were any indications, high gas prices are here to stay.
Hillary Clinton broke into a coughing fit at a rally on Labor Day, an episode that might be more or less meaningless. Maybe she needed a sip of water. Or perhaps a throat lozenge. Instead, it fanned this year's conspiracy theory du jour: that Clinton is secretly in very poor health.
The incident — and subsequent coverage of it — is a sign of how successful the pushers of the Hillary Health conspiracy theory have been. They've injected the claim that Hillary is physically unfit to be president into the mainstream, forcing the candidate to respond.
Hillary Health truthers are something of the birthers of 2016 — pushers of a baseless claim online that leapt onto conservative airwaves and then into more mainstream media.
Donald Trump loves to fan it. On Monday night his campaign manager winked and nodded to it, embedding a video of the coughing in a tweet.
Must be allergic to media. Finally spent a minute w/ them. Hillary Has A Nearly 2 Minute Long Coughing Fit [VIDEO] https://t.co/G0rKPfAjmr — Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) September 5, 2016
Clinton joked that the coughing is because she's "allergic to Trump."
Trump likes to insinuate that Clinton is in poor health — too weak and mentally "unstable" to fight ISIS, too "low-energy" to rally crowds. He once even insisted Clinton takes too many naps. ("No naps for Trump" is something Trump has actually said at a campaign rally.) A campaign spokesperson Katrina Pierson suggested (without any basis) that Clinton has "dysphasia."
The storyline has caught fire on Twitter and on Fox News. Guests on Sean Hannity's show have started calling for Clinton to release her complete medical records.
Of course, there's no evidence of any of this. Here's what we do know: Clinton's doctor has attested to her well-being at the start of her campaign, releasing a detailed letter about her medical history that ultimately stated that Clinton was "fit to serve" as the president. (This letter was more detailed than the one Trump's doctor released, which merely described Trump's health with lofty adjectives.)
Clinton's doctor reiterated those claims recently — in response to fake medical records that surfaced on the internet — saying yet again Clinton is in "excellent" condition to be president. Right now, there's no compelling reason to think otherwise.
But that hasn't stopped Trump or his team from implying that Clinton is in poor health. This is a trademark Trump strategy: He has often lobbed baseless accusations while allowing his supporters to fill in the gaps (much like when he implied that Ted Cruz's dad was involved in John F. Kennedy's assassination, or the time he implied President Barack Obama had allegiances outside the United States). This new line of attack against Hillary Clinton is in that vein.
How the conspiracy theory about Clinton's health got started
Fox News, Breitbart, and other conservative media outlets have run wild with rumors that Clinton's health might be in question — albeit without any actual substantiation.
Various conservative bloggers and posters on Reddit have pointed to of Clinton being helped up the stairs (as Snopes pointed out, this is a single old photo and there are plenty of pictures of her climbing stairs just fine). They've alleged without evidence that Clinton's heart is too weak to manage the strain. On Fox News, Sean Hannity showed a photo of Clinton making a face and suggested that she's having a seizure.
Conservative sites have likewise fixated on a photo of Clinton that appears to show a square lump under her jacket, with some bloggers suggesting that it's a defibrillator. (In all likelihood, it was a transmitter pack from the wireless microphone she was using, given that there are pictures of Clinton at the same event in which she is no longer holding the microphone and the square lump is no longer there.) Some have also touted fake medical records floating around the internet purporting to show that Clinton suffered a seizure.
These insinuations have been debunked by sites like Snopes.com and Politifact. Nevertheless, Fox News's Sean Hannity dedicated a week of coverage to "investigating" Clinton's health, bringing on a panel of medical experts — "Fox News Medical A-Team" — to diagnose Clinton's possible ailments. None of these experts had ever examined Clinton personally and were going off photos and allegations surfaced on the web.
Hannity's panel alleged that Clinton might be experiencing residual damage from a fall and concussion in 2012, highlighting a photo that they claimed showed Clinton's Secret Service agent holding a device used for treating seizures. (As Snopes.com, which has been working overtime to debunk these theories, pointed out, the device was likely just a flashlight.)
Just to understand how absurd this "medical panel" was, here is a back and forth between Hannity, Fox News medical pundit Marc Siegel, and Fiona Gupta, a neurologist from New Jersey, all dissecting a coughing fit Clinton had, in which Hannity tries to convince the panelists Clinton's "facial expressions are odd" and seizure-like:
GUPTA: You know, it's just so hard to speculate based on snippets of the clips that, you know, what is going on without having a full examination and workup. HANNITY: Look at this video right here. Watch her reaction, because I'm not — it almost seems seizure-esque to me. GUPTA: There are different types of seizures, local seizures that sometimes can cause just one body part, but it would be very rare. I mean, typically seizures will generalize, so I can't say that's a seizure. HANNITY: Aren't there many seizures like that, Dr. Siegel? SIEGEL: Well I'm not a neurologist, and I don't think that necessarily looks like a seizure, but I will say this— HANNITY: Let's rewatch that, what do you think this is? SIEGEL: I'll tell you what I think it is, I think that we've seen enough there, especially in someone who has a long medical history and who's approaching 70 years old, for me to be able to say here that both of our candidates need to release their medical information. Sean, the whole idea— HEANNITY: This looks like violent, out-of-control movements on her part. SIEGEL: And it could be, and I say could be, related to previous head trauma she had. It's possible. That's why I need to see the records. That's why a neurologist needs to come forward and give a press conference and say this is what is going on with her. She may very well be completely fit, but we want to know.
You can watch more examples here and here.
Trump, for his part, has taken up these allegations and echoed them at his campaign rallies. "Honestly, I don't think she's all there," he suggested at a New Hampshire rally this month.
What Clinton has said about her health
Most campaigns tend to release letters from physicians who have examined the candidates. Clinton's doctor released a letter in July 2015 detailing Clinton's medical record, family history, medications, and recent examinations. The letter found that while Clinton has hypothyroidism and seasonal allergies, she is in "excellent physical condition and fit to serve as president of the United States."
Indeed, Clinton's doctor's note was substantially more extensive and detailed than the letter Trump's doctor released, which merely said that Trump had lost weight recently and bragged that he would be "the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency."
That's not to say that Clinton has never had health issues. According to the doctor's note, she suffered a concussion after fainting in 2012 due to dehydration from a stomach virus. And she has taken anticoagulation therapy to dissolve a clot found in 2012. (Follow-up examination, the doctor notes, found that Clinton "tested negative for all clotting disorders," though she continued to take anticoagulants as a precaution.) But the doctor's note didn't give any reason for concern.
Clinton, meanwhile, has not shied away from commenting on the difficulties of the campaign. After the convention and following week of campaign rallies, she explained her exhaustion on the campaign podcast: "By the end of those two weeks ... it was, oh, my gosh, I don't know that I can get up let alone, what I will do if I am vertical – I think that happens to everybody," she said.
"I try to eat right – not always succeeding but I try, try to get enough sleep, try to exercise," Clinton said on the podcast. "I am not going to pretend that I like it, because I don't, but between yoga and walking and getting on the treadmill and weights, I try to keep up, just try to get the energy reservoir filled up again."
Clinton made light of the health allegations on Jimmy Kimmel's late night show on August 23, calling it just another of Trump's "wacky" campaign strategies.
"Take my pulse while I'm talking to you," Clinton joked:
Trump has a habit of drumming up baseless controversies
Baseless insinuations about Clinton's health are par for the course for Trump, who has made a habit of making up rumors about his political opponents.
This past year, he has repeatedly insinuated that Ted Cruz's father was involved in JFK's assassination. After the shooting in Orlando, he implied that Obama had deeper ties to terrorists than the American public is aware of. Seemingly apropos of nothing, Trump reignited conspiracies that there was something "fishy" about the suicide of Bill Clinton's close friend and former White House counsel Vince Foster. And most recently he spread a fake controversy that Clinton's emails had something to do with the Iranian government's execution of a nuclear scientist.
All of this is a key part of Trump's campaign strategy: If it hurts his opponents, he runs with it, and deals with the consequences later.
Trump does not always get called out on this tendency. But Vox's Ezra Klein has argued that he should — because it suggests that Trump is too gullible to be president candidate:
His tendency to solicit, repeat, and retweet self-serving falsehoods served up by sycophants and hangers-on should be taken seriously. Among the most important tasks the president has knows what to believe, whom to listen to, which facts to trust, and which theories to explore. Trump's terrible judgment in this regard is one of the many reasons he's not qualified for the office.
Donald Trump hates lies, but can't tell the truth
Trina Roache
APTN National News
HALIFAX – A forensic scientist has added Mi'kmaw faces to the repertoire for identifying missing people.
Dr. Tanya Peckmann, an associate professor at Saint Mary's University, has created a database for forensic artists to recreate Mi'kmaw faces. Her research was published in January in The Journal of Forensic Sciences.
As a forensic anthropologist, Peckmann gets called out when a body is found in Nova Scotia. Her job is to study the remains and determine age, gender and ancestry. The forensic artist creates a model of what the person looked like in life and all that information is plugged into a missing persons database.
But even if the person's skeletal features indicated Aboriginal ancestry, the artist has had to rely on data for European facial features.
And Mi'kmaw faces look different.
“It's not good enough to just put the white, European tissue depth data on them,” said Peckmann. “They're still First Nations people and that is really important that their faces look different and so we want to be able to take this project across Canada. We want to include different populations in the data. Because it's wonderful that the Mi'kmaw people now have this data for them but other population deserve that as well.”
Peckmann took a portable ultrasound machine to the Eskasoni First Nation in Cape Breton studied the tissue depth of 392 Mi'kmaw children and 152 adults between the ages of three to 75.
“If you think about your own face, the tissue on your cheeks is thicker than the tissue on your chin and that's thicker than on your forehead,” said Peckmann. “So you need to know proportions on your face. But those tissue depths also vary between males and females, between people of different ages. And also between people of different ancestries.”
Mi'kmaw faces typically have deeper tissue depth around their cheeks and chin.
An example of why it's so important can be found in the case of Donna Joe, a Mi'kmaw woman from the Esgenoopetitj First Nation in New Brunswick. Her body was found in 1996, and an RCMP forensic artist used European data to reconstruct her face. And it didn't look anything like her. The cheeks were too gaunt, the chin didn't match. A tip 10 years later changed everything.
“So the reconstruction artist said, you describe her, and he drew a sketch of what she looked like, they released that sketch and she was identified in 24 hours,” said Peckmann.
With 1,200 missing and murdered Indigenous women across Canada over the last 30 years, Peckmann says it's vital to have the right information to be able to accurately identify those women and give them a face.
“I mean think about these families who've lost a mother, a daughter or sister,” said Peckmann. “Think of the anguish of 10 years of not knowing, for 20 years? Or even 10 days? Think about what they're going through. So this is going to improve mental health situation in Aboriginal communities. I mean 500 missing Aboriginal women. That's 500-plus family members. It's not just the mother, sister or brother that's suffering it's an entire extended family because these people are missing.”
Peckmann would like to extend the project to other parts of Canada. The data that helps recreate Mi'kmaw faces doesn't fit with Cree or Dene people. But funding is a major obstacle. Peckmann had trouble coming up with the money for the research she's already finished.
Peckmann was disturbed by comments she received back in one of her grant applications.
“One of the reviewers was very critical of the project,” said Peckmann. “His or her comment was, how many Aboriginal women are missing? How many times are you actually going to use this data? And I thought, even if you only use it once, that's still somebody's family member. Isn't that important?”
Troache@aptn.ca
Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton, accompanied by Ray Halbritter, national representative of the Oneida Indian Nation, speaks in Washington on Oct. 7 during the Oneida Indian Nation's Change the Mascot symposium calling for the Washington Redskins to change the team name. (Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press)
With the D.C. Council readying to call on the team to change its name, Washington Redskins management asked its fans in the District on Monday to contact their lawmakers and share “what #RedskinsPride means.”
The e-mail is a new acknowledgment from the team of the debate over its name, which has reached a fever pitch in recent months as activists and commentators have called on the team and the NFL to make a change. Even President Obama has weighed in, saying he would consider a name change if he were the owner.
The team has tried to answer critics by framing the name in terms of the team's heritage rather than as a potentially offensive racial slur. “Our past isn't just where we came from — it's who we are,” reads the #RedskinsPride page on the team's Web site.
Last month, team owner Daniel M. Snyder sent a letter to fans reiterating that he had no plans to change the team's name, saying “we cannot ignore our 81 year history.”
“That tradition — the song, the cheer — it mattered so much to me as a child, and I know it matters to every other Redskins fan in the D.C. area and across the nation,” he wrote.
The 13-member D.C. Council will vote Tuesday on a resolution calling for a name change as “the right and prudent thing to do.” The Redskins name, draft legislation says, is considered “to be racist and derogatory, and . . . increasingly considered to be insensitive in our multi-cultural society.” It has the support of a majority of members and is expected to pass easily.
The council has no authority to force a name change for the team, which practices in Virginia and plays home games in Maryland. But the team told fans in the e-mail that “it's still important for them to hear from you!”
The Redskins said in a statement that it “wanted to give our fans an opportunity to voice their opinion.”
Karen Sibert, a spokeswoman for D.C. Council Chairman Phil Mendelson (D), said his office had not, to her knowledge, logged any calls or e-mails on the Redskins name issue by close of business Monday.
Meanwhile, the NFL said Monday that league executives will meet Friday with a member of the New York State Assembly who has been a vocal critic of a Native American leader urging the league to take action against the Redskins.
NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said “senior executives” will meet with Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney and Melvin Phillips, an Oneida Indian whom she represents through her law practice and who supports keeping the team's name. The meeting comes less than two weeks after NFL officials met with Ray Halbritter, the Oneida Indian Nation representative who is leading a national campaign against the team's name.
“As the commissioner has said, it is important to listen to different perspectives on this issue,” McCarthy said.
Yes
% No% Cast your vote Results from an unscientific survey of Washington Post readers
Tenney, a Republican who represents Oneida County in the state legislature, denounced Halbritter as a fraud during a news conference he held in New York after his meeting with the NFL.
Tenney's client, Phillips, 76, who has been in a long-running land dispute with the tribe, said he does not think the Redskins should change the team's name.
“Listen — if we're going to do this, let's get the Indian off the nickel, too,” Phillips said. “It's more of an honor than a threat to us. I hope they won't ever change that name. Keep that name forever.”
Joel Barkin, a spokesman for the Oneida Nation, dismissed Tenney's attacks and said the tribe does not stand alone on this issue.
“Groups and political leaders representing millions of people understand a self-evident and painfully obvious truth: promoting a dictionary-defined racial epithet in the 21st century is not acceptable,” he said in an e-mail.
Dan Steinberg contributed to this report.
You can now order a Big Mac with a side of espresso and French pastries.
A new McDonald's has opened at 809 Sixth Ave in Chelsea designed by Patrick Norguet that's inspired by the fast food chain's more upscale locations in France.
On top of TABLE SERVICE, visitors will be greeted by a “concierge” when they arrive, can place their orders on computer-operated self-serve kiosks and are able to order off of a Signature Crafted menu which offers items like a Maple Bacon Dijon Burger. Additional toppings that are available include guacamole and pico de gallo.
Looking for something a little sweeter? The pastries for sale include croissants, chocolatines, muffin toppers and cream cheese petite pastries. For the traditionalists, the classic apple pie remains on the menu.
The company says that several more of these "McCafé concepts" will soon be coming to NYC.
Maximize your gaming prowess with the Corsair Gaming K70 RGB mechanical keyboard. It succeeds the durability, styling and responsiveness of the legendary Vengeance K70, and adds multicolor per-key backlighting with customizable lighting effects to liven up your gameplay. Every key is backed with a Cherry MX RGB key switch for precise actuation and superior feel. 104 full key rollovers and 100% anti-ghosting ensure accurate gameplay. Plus, a removable palm rest is included, which can be easily attached or detached for personalized comfort.
100% Cherry MX Brown Key Switches
If you're playing MMOs and MOBAs, it's often less about getting your shots in, and more about moving out of fire. Cherry MX Brown switches give you a light 55g of tactile feedback, so you know exactly when the keypress is registering. Like the hardcore Cherry MX Red version, there's no audible click. Individual key Programmability
Every one of the keys can be assigned a unique backlighting color. This gives you opportunities for key binding that you've never seen before in a mechanical keyboard. 100% Anti-Ghosting with 104 Key Rollover on USB
Every keystroke translates into accurate gameplay - even when multiple keys are pressed. There's no signal degradation, and it keeps up with you, no matter how fast you play. Assign Macros to Any Key
Just one more reason why the K70 RGB is one of the most advanced gaming keyboards the world has ever seen – you can set up any key to trigger a macro. The all-new Corsair Utility Engine (CUE) makes it easy. FPS, MOBA, or even Minecraft… the K70 RGB has it covered. Fast and Fluid RGB Animation
The K70 RGB uses a Panasonic display controller for an amazing multicolor light show in a pulsing, waving and cascading array. Onboard Memory
Do you take your gaming to go? Built-in storage lets you set it up once, and take it anywhere. Easy-Access Dedicated Multimedia Controls
You don't just play games – you play music and video, too. Play, stop, pause, skip tracks and adjust volume directly from the K70 RGB. Detachable Soft-Touch Wrist Rest
Give your wrists a break, or remove it if it gets in the way. Aircraft-Grade Black Anodized Brushed Aluminum Finish
You get impressive looks, light weight, and the rugged durability you need for a keyboard that's going to see a lot of action.
The Power of CUE
The K70 RGB can have each key assigned its own unique backlighting color and intensity for virtually unlimited customization. When the action is fast and furious, microseconds count, and multicolor key bindings can put you in control of your game like never before. The intuitive and powerful Corsair Utility Engine (CUE) software makes it easy to set up sophisticated animated macros and lighting effects for a visually amazing experience.
Static Lighting - Change any key on the keyboard to a color and brightness setting of your choice. You can create, save, and load custom patterns for your favorite games.
Color Cycling - Cycle through multiple colors with your choice of speed and color palettes. You can set either the whole keyboard to scroll, or just the keys you want.
Waves and Ripples - Customize the color palette, direction, duration, and velocity, and have the wave flow across the entire keyboard, or just the keys you want.
Reactive Typing - Set up single-key reactive typing, or create a multi-key ripple effect. You can choose single-layer lighting, where keys light up as you type, or multi-layer, and have the keys change color.
Grammy winner Thundercat brought in a couple big names for his next album. The versatile musician enlisted Kendrick Lamar , Pharrell, Wiz Khalifa, Michael McDonald and Kenny Loggins for his upcoming album Drunk , which is scheduled to drop on Feb. 24. The Pharrell collaboration is particularly special since the acclaimed producer is one of Thundercat's music heroes.
"He's been my hero since I was a young kid," Thundercat told XXL . "And I got a chance to tell him that. I was like, 'Hey man, your N.E.R.D. album…' You don't want to be the super stereotypical… 'Your rap changed my life man' [laughs], but he was like, 'Okay, cool, great.'"
Drunk will be Thundercat's first solo project since 2015's The Beyond / Where the Giants Roam . Like all of his previous solo work, the LP will be released through Flying Lotus' Brainfeeder imprint. Check out the official tracklist for Drunk below. You can also pre-order Thundercat's upcoming album right now on iTunes and get instant access to three of the songs.
Thundercat's Drunk Tracklist
1. "Rabbot Ho"
2. "Captain Stupido"
3. "Uh Uh"
4. "Bus in These Streets"
5. "A Fan's Mail (Tron Song Suite II)"
6. "Lava Lamp"
7. "Jethro"
8. "Day and Night"
9. "Show You The Way" Feat. Michael McDonald and Kenny Loggins
10. "Walk on By" Feat. Kendrick Lamar
11. "Blackkk"
12. "Tokyo"
13. "Jameel's Space Ride"
14. "Friend Zone"
15. "Them Changes"
16. "Where I'm Going"
17. "Drink Dat" Feat. Wiz Khalifa
18. "Inferno"
19. "I Am Crazy"
20. "3AM"
21. "Drunk"
22. "The Turn Down" Feat. Pharrell
23. "DUI"
Symbaroum: Thistle Hold - Wrath of the Warden
Sold Out
They avoided eye-contact, both of them focused on the flickering flame that struggled for its life on the table between them. It wouldn't be long before the darkness reigned supreme in their booth at the Salons of Symbaroum.
“You feel it too,” she whispered to her friend and colleague. “Admit it.”
“It… It's nothing, only the autumn coming. Moist and wind. Darkness …”
”Moist, wind, darkness, they are all constant,” she tried to explain. ”Autumn does not come in… swells…”.
“Maybe you're falling ill,” the friend remarked optimistically. “Maybe you…”
The candle went out, as if extinguished by the invisible wave washing over her, a wave that again made her stomach ache and her thoughts darken. She blinked, met her friend's gaze and forced a mendacious smile.
“You're right, there's nothing to worry about… just an ordinary autumn morning in Thistle Hold, just a…”
Her words died out, murdered by a clang that hadn't been heard in the town for more than four years – the clang of the alarm bell at the palisade's Northern Gate.
Thistle Hold – Wrath of the Warden is the first book in the Chronicle of the Throne of Thorns. It begins with a section that expands on the Core Rulebook's description of Thistle Hold, written to be read by both player's and Game Masters. After that comes a section exclusively meant for the Game Master, chiefly containing secrets and information which may be used to create adventures set in the town at the border of Davokar. The final section of this book consists of the adventure Wrath of the Warden – an adventure that undoubtedly will provide you and your friends many entertaining and thrilling gaming hours around the table.
Featured content:
 The action packed and highly dramatic adventure Wrath of the Warden.
 A comprehensive introduction to Thistle Hold's history, establishments, groupings, and conflicts meant to be read by both players and GM's.
 About twenty detailed taverns, inns, shops and more, where the player characters spend time and thaler between adventures.
 A revealing account of what hides in the shadows of Thistle Hold, full of plot hooks and intrigues waiting to be developed into adventures.
 Two colorful ruins to explore and guidelines for how to set up for Goal Oriented Roleplaying.
 A chapter with additional rules, including new traits, abilities, special actions, elixirs and not least half a dozen new mystical artefacts.
Customers should be vigilant about checking their credit card and bank statements.
P.F. Chang's has 211 P.F. Chang's locations in the USA and 192 Pei Wei Asian Diner restaurants. (Photo11: Bassett Photographic)
P.F. Chang's China Bistro said Friday morning that there has been a breach involving data from customers' credit and debit cards used at its restaurants, confirming a report out earlier this week.
After learning of the breach Tuesday, the company "initiated an investigation with the United States Secret Service and a team of third-party forensics experts to understand the nature and scope of the incident, and while the investigation is still ongoing, we have concluded that data has been compromised," P.F. Chang's CEO Rick Federico said in a statement.
He said the company has created a website, pfchangs.com/security, for customers to receive updates and answers to their questions, and it has moved to a manual credit card imprinting system.
Federico said the company is encouraging its patrons "to be vigilant about checking their credit card and bank statements. Any suspected fraudulent activity should be immediately reported to their card company. We sincerely regret the inconvenience and concern this may cause for our guests."
The Scottsdale, Ariz.-based restaurant chain has 211 P.F. Chang's locations in the USA and 192 Pei Wei Asian Diner restaurants.
The initial report on the breach came from cybersecurity blogger Brian Krebs, who has uncovered previous data breaches at retailers such as Target.
His website, KrebsOnSecurity, said customer data from thousands of credit and debit cards previously used at P.F. Chang's restaurants went up for sale on an underground store best known for selling data from tens of millions of cards stolen in the Target breach.
Krebs reported that he contacted banking sources who said the cards had been used at P.F. Chang's locations from the beginning of March to May 19.
KrebsOnSecurity.com said the most common way that thieves steal this type of card data is by hacking into cash registers at retail locations and "planting malicious software that surreptitiously records mag stripe data when cards are swiped through the machines."
Once they get the data, thieves can re-encode it onto new counterfeit cards and use them to buy expensive goods that can be resold for cash, KrebsOnSecurity reported.
"The breaches at Target, Neiman Marcus, Michaels and Sally Beauty all were powered by malware that thieves planted on point-of-sale systems," it said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1pS4h4L
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The first suspect transferred from Guantanamo military prison to face a U.S. civilian trial was found not guilty on all but one charge in the 1998 African embassy bombings on Wednesday in a setback to President Barack Obama's plans for trying terrorism suspects.
Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani, a Tanzanian held at the U.S. naval base in Cuba since 2006 accused of involvement in the bombing of U.S. embassies in Africa, is depicted in this courtroom sketch of his arraignment, in New York, June 9, 2009. REUTERS/Christine Cornell
Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani, 36, a Tanzanian from Zanzibar, had been accused of conspiring in the 1998 al Qaeda bomb attacks on U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania that killed 224 people.
The jury, which deliberated for nearly five days, found him guilty of one relatively minor charge of conspiracy to damage or destroy U.S. property with explosives. He faces a mandatory minimum of 20 years in prison and a maximum of life.
U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said he would seek life in prison for Ghailani at his sentencing on January 25.
Ghailani was cleared of 276 murder and attempted murder counts, along with four other conspiracy charges. It was a rare defeat for the U.S. Attorney's Office in New York, which has a near perfect record in prosecuting terrorism cases.
Ghailani's trial was being watched closely as a test of Obama's approach to handling the 174 terrorism suspects held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, a self-professed mastermind of the September 11 attacks on the United States by al Qaeda.
Obama has vowed to close the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay amid international condemnation of the treatment of detainees, but he has run into political resistance at home.
His administration has adopted an approach that favors military tribunals in some cases for terrorism suspects and civilian trials in others.
Justice Department spokesman Matthew Miller said, “We respect the jury's verdict and are pleased that Ahmed Ghailani now faces a minimum of 20 years in prison and a potential life sentence for his role in the embassy bombings.”
‘TRAGIC VERDICT'
Most Republicans say all terrorism suspects should be tried in military tribunals.
“This tragic verdict demonstrates the absolute insanity of the Obama Administration's decision to try al-Qaeda terrorists in civilian courts,” said Republican Representative Peter King, in line to chair the House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee when his party takes control of the chamber in January.
King said last week one of his main priorities as committee chairman would be stopping Obama's plans to transfer Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United States to stand trial in civilian courts.
The Obama administration has backed off an initial proposal to prosecute Mohammed and other accused September 11 plotters in a U.S. criminal court blocks from the World Trade Center site, but has not revealed new prosecution plans.
Prosecutors in the Ghailani case were dealt a blow before the trial started when the judge refused to let a key witness testify, basing his decision on protecting the U.S. Constitution from admitting coerced testimony.
From the outset, prosecutors said they would not use any statements Ghailani may have made while in CIA custody after his July 2004 arrest in Pakistan, acknowledging those statements were likely “coerced.”
But the judge said the government would not have been able to find the key witness without those statements.
Prosecutors had said the witness told FBI agents he had sold explosives to Ghailani that were used later in one of the bombings. Defense attorneys said Ghailani had no idea what the equipment was going to be used for.
Ghailani was moved to Guantanamo Bay in late 2006, and transferred to New York in June 2009 to stand civilian trial.
The government accused Ghailani of buying seven gas cylinders used in the bomb and the truck used to transport it. Prosecutors said Ghailani flew to Pakistan along with senior al Qaeda operatives on the day before the bombings, and that a blasting cap was found in a cupboard in his room.
Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani, a Tanzanian who had been held at Guantanamo Bay since September 2006, is pictured in this undated FBI photograph, obtained June 9, 2009. REUTERS/FBI/Handout
Defense lawyers called Ghailani a naive boy who was tricked by al Qaeda and they denied he took the flight to Karachi.
“This verdict is a reaffirmation that this nation's judicial system is the greatest ever devised,” defense attorney Peter Quijano told reporters outside the courthouse.
U.S. District court Judge Lewis Kaplan told the jury it had shown that “American justice can be delivered calmly, deliberately and fairly by ordinary people — people who are not beholden to any government, including our own.”
Burnout is a series of high-speed racing games for the PlayStation 2, GameCube, Xbox, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 game consoles. A Microsoft Windows version of the latest installment in the series, Burnout Paradise, was also released.[1] The game series was developed by Criterion Games and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the first two games and later Electronic Arts from the third game onwards. Burnout and Burnout 2: Point of Impact received critical acclaim and a large fanbase in Europe, as well as an underground following in the US. It was not until the release of Burnout 3: Takedown that the series gained mass appeal to US players. In April 2013, Alex Ward said that Criterion was steering away from the racing genre, placing the future of the series into question.[2]
Gameplay [ edit ]
The most notable feature that the series is known for is its crash modes. This series is well known for its emphasis on aggressive driving and high speed. In-race rewards are given to a player if they take risks such as driving towards oncoming traffic or deliberately attempting to make their opponents crash. In Burnout 3: Takedown the latter action, referred to in-game as a "takedown", was showcased extensively and gave rewards such as points and boost when successfully performed.
It was not the racing element of the game but the slow motion replays of crashes that show the cars being deformed realistically that brought Burnout to the attention of the public. Criterion picked up on this and introduced a special "Crash Mode" as part of Burnout 2: Point of Impact. In this mode players are instructed to cause as much damage as possible by crashing their vehicle into traffic in a specially designed level featuring "crash junctions", areas where lots of vehicles are passing by (such as a highway). During these events, traffic is constantly the same, utilizing a trial-and-error method to succeed. The mode was excluded from Burnout Paradise due to the arrival of Burnout Crash!.[26] Instead, it is replaced with a "Showtime" mode, which allows the player to crash "anywhere, anytime".[27] Point of Impact also introduced a Pursuit mode, where the player drives a special police car and must chase down a speeding racer and stop them before the race course ends. This mode was discontinued, but it was featured in Burnout Legends and has reappeared as an available upgrade for purchase in Burnout Paradise known as Cops And Robbers.[28]
The takedown element of Burnout 3: Takedown is what differentiates it from other racing games. It is an essential strategy for winning races, especially in single player. There is also a "road rage" mode in which the object is to takedown as many opponents as possible.
Burnout Revenge was released on 13 September 2005 for Xbox and PlayStation 2, and later for the Xbox 360. This game introduced the "traffic check" feature, which made it possible for the player to hit smaller traffic vehicles without crashing and to use them to try to take down rivals. Burnout Dominator was announced on 5 December 2006, only to be released for the PlayStation 2 and the PlayStation Portable and without the inclusion of the crash mode from the previous games. Dominator mainly focuses on the original game's "Burnout", which is using up the entire boost meter non-stop and trying to chain boosts as long as possible.
Burnout Paradise was announced on 29 August 2006, for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. This Burnout game added new features such as its open world gameplay where players could explore Paradise City at their leisure and race whenever they want once they get to race-starting areas called "intersections". It also introduced a feature called "mugshot" where, using the Xbox Live Vision camera or PlayStation Eye, it takes a "mugshot" of their opponent once the player took them down.[29]
Cars [ edit ]
Burnout originally featured a small collection of cars, including the small Compact, the Saloon (as well as a sports-modified GT version), the Pickup and the Muscle. This collection grew in Burnout 2 to include cars such as the Oval racer, the Cop Car, the Classic, The Gangster and the Hot Rod. Once Burnout 3: Takedown was released, the original cars were no longer used, with the exception of the Custom Coupe Ultimate, a lime green Coupe that was one of the "Custom" cars in Burnout 2 (this car also reappears in Burnout Legends, Burnout Dominator, and Burnout Paradise (The Paradise version is called the Hydros Techno). The same happened in Burnout Revenge where the car collection was entirely new. For the most part, Burnout Paradise's car collection is all new but there are some vehicles (such as the aforementioned "Custom Coupe Ultimate" and the Custom Roadster from Burnout 2 or the Revenge Racer from Burnout Revenge) that are models from previous Burnout games. Paradise is also the first Burnout game to designate manufacturers and realistic car model names for its vehicles (such as the "Carson Annihilator" or "Nakamura Ikusa GT").
Another thing to note is how many of the cars could be based on their real-life counterparts, especially the vehicles from Burnout Revenge and Burnout Paradise. An example is the "Carson GT Concept" from Paradise, which resembles a fifth-generation Chevrolet Camaro.
Certain games in the series also have compatibility with other games, such as in Revenge, where players can unlock the Madden Challenge Bus by having a save file from Madden NFL 06,[30] and a Burnout 3: Takedown save file unlocks the Dominator Assassin.
First, it was Jhoulys Chacin. Then, it was Jorge De La Rosa. Now, potential rotation replacement David Hale has gone down for the count.
What was that line in our Colorado Rockies season preview about improved rotation depth?
Hale's latest scheduled Cactus League appearance was pushed back while the right-hander deals with a strained oblique, according to Nick Groke of The Denver Post. Hale was likely the favorite to replace Chacin in the rotation, leaving only one spot up for grabs while De La Rosa continues to nurse a groin injury. Now, the Rockies are back to having two openings.
At the end of the De La Rosa article, I ranked -- in order of probability -- the contingency options for the Rockies' rotation. Hale was first on that list, but with the nature of his injury, he could be out a month or so, though that's just speculation at this point. That would leave Eddie Butler and Christian Bergman, who kept the Chicago White Sox off the board for four innings on Tuesday, as the likely replacements.
Jon Gray, Chad Bettis and John Lannan are also likely in the mix, but Gray should be the very last option on that list due to service time reasons. I'll have more on that later, via SB Nation MLB. In the meantime, here's a snippet:
Since free-agency eligibility requires six full seasons, a player can be shorted a full season of service time at any point in his career and wind up spending more than six actual years under team control. This is where players like Bryant, Gray and Pomeranz would be affected. In the case of the two former players, their clubs would likely wait until 171 days are remaining in the season before adding them to the active roster. That way, the player will have accrued 0.171 -- and not 1.000 -- years of service time. Assuming Bryant and Gray remain in the big leagues for the entirety of their years under team control, they wouldn't become free agents until they reach 6.171 years of service time as opposed to 5.171 (or five full years plus 171 days).
Also on the injury front, utility infielders Charlie Culberson and Daniel Descalso continue to deal with injuries that, at this point, could open the door for Brandon Barnes and Rafael Ynoa -- or perhaps even Cristhian Adames, MLB.com's Thomas Harding writes -- to make the club out of spring training. You might be thinking, "Barnes was a lock anyway, wasn't he?" But that isn't necessarily the case; Rockies manager Walt Weiss has expressed his desire to start the season with an eight-man bullpen and also wants to try to fit three catchers onto the roster.
I don't know how Weiss is going to accomplish all of that, but one thing the club could do is start the regular season with only four starting pitchers. An off day on the first Thursday of the season means the Rockies wouldn't need a fifth starter until around Game No. 7, which is the following Tuesday in San Francisco.
Weiss and his staff certainly have their work cut out for them, regardless of what they decide. It wouldn't be Rockies baseball any other way.
Links
Trying To Optimize The Rockies Rotation For Coors Field | FanGraphs Baseball
Mike Petriello takes Ryan Freemyer's idea about maximizing Jorge De La Rosa's Coors Field starts and expands it to the entire rotation. DLR has more home starts, Kendrick has more road starts and just about everyone else is even -- including Jon Gray, whom Petriello predicts will be with the big club in late June.
Player Development with Zach Wilson | Rockies Zingers Colorado Rockies Baseball
J.J. Buck has an excellent interview with the Rockies director of player development Zach Wilson, who provides quotes on pitching at altitude, compiling depth and challenging talented prospects.
On CNN Tonight, a discussion over Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act grew contentious when libertarian entertainer Penn Jillette told a defender of the controversial law that Christians weren't being asked to have gay sex with their customers, just sell them “some flowers and cake.”
Host Don Lemon challenged guest Kristen Waggoner, attorney for the Alliance for Freedom, to defend the law after asking why it hasn't been fixed as a result of the national backlash.
“Well I don't think that the law needs to be fixed,” Waggoner said.” What we have seen is that federal religious freedom laws have been in place for twenty years, and thirty-one states have a very similar standard. So these absurd hypotheticals and claims that the media have been portraying have been conjecture. But what we do know is that the religious freedom laws benefit all Americans. That they benefit all faiths in all different contexts. So the suggestion that this about one particular political debate is not reality.”
When pressed by Lemon why the law didn't contain language protecting gay and lesbian people, Waggoner began to talk about religious freedom again, before Lemon cut her off, saying, “You're not answering my question.”
Asked by Lemon for his take on the law passed in Indiana — with Arkansas and Georgia possibly to follow — Jillette began by saying that he's not an expert on the subject.
“There is more to gay sex than cake and flowers,” he explained as Waggoner's eyes narrowed. “These people are not being asked to engage in gay sex, or even endorse gay sex. They're being asked to sell flowers and cake to people. And that is hypothetical. Now I'm a libertarian and a atheist, so I'm kind of fighting myself on this. I don't like the government involved and telling people what to do. I certainly want people to have religious freedom, because the only way people who don't have religion can have freedom is if people who do have religion have freedom.”
“But all the same, we have to make sure we don't get too crazy in the hypotheticals,” he continued. “You're not talking about forcing people to engage in gay sex, or even endorse gay sex. We're asking them that maybe they can treat people the same as other people, and that does not seem unreasonable. It's okay, I suppose — although goofy– to be against gays, but it's not okay to be against people who simply want to use your services.”
Waggoner responded with an odd analogy saying journalists might not like “writing messages that they disagree with,” with Jillette quickly responding “Journalists all the time write things they disagree with,” as Lemon laughed.
Watch the video below , uploaded to YouTube by [email protected]:
Image caption The qualification for school leaders is to be overhauled and made optional
The qualification currently required for head teachers in England's state schools will no longer be compulsory, the government has announced.
Head teachers have attacked the change as a "backward step".
In theory it would mean that a head teacher could be appointed without any teaching qualification.
Schools Minister Nick Gibb said governments needed to "step back and let heads get on with running their schools".
Under the government proposals the National Professional Qualification for Headship (NPQH) is to be revised - and from next year will cease to be compulsory.
As head teachers are not required to have a teaching qualification, it means that non-teaching staff, without a NPQH, could become state school head teachers.
Leadership training
Brian Lightman, general secretary of the ASCL head teachers' union, described the move to a voluntary qualification as detrimental to raising the status of heads.
"Having a national, professional qualification for head teachers has helped to raise the profile and status of school leadership in this country and it is something we should be proud of," said Mr Lightman.
"We regret that the government is making this qualification optional at a time when there has never been such great need for highly-trained school leaders."
The National Association of Head Teachers said that it believes that "all head teachers should have Qualified Teacher Status".
But general secretary, Russell Hobby said that the NPQH "should be the standard for all aspiring heads. We think if it is good enough, it will be, mandatory or not".
The NPQH qualification, introduced in 1997, had been part of a drive to professionalise the role of running schools, providing specific training for people wanting to become heads.
Among those currently in headships, 58% have the NPQH, which two years ago was made a compulsory requirement for new head teachers.
But the schools minister has announced plans to make the qualification voluntary - promoting autonomy rather than regulation - and to have the content of the training revised by the National College for School Leadership.
There is a promise that the "bar for entry and assessment for the qualification will be raised".
The revised training, which will begin from September 2012, will focus on pupil behaviour, leadership skills and managing teacher performance.
Placements and school-based training will be extended and there will more emphasis on support from line managers, who can "sponsor" a would-be head teacher within their staff.
Mr Gibb said: "We want to create a qualification for those about to become head teachers that will help them develop the key skills needed to take on this challenging and rewarding role.
"It will start them on the journey to becoming outstanding lead professionals. We also want to ensure the NPQH remains a highly regarded and sought-after qualification."
The UFC has come to terms with one of MMA's top prospects.
Zabit Magomedsharipov (12-1), the former ACB featherweight champion, recently signed a UFC contract, MMA Fighting confirmed.
The MMA Kings first reported the news.
Magomedsharipov, who currently trains out of New Jersey with Team Ricardo Almeida BJJ, has won his last eight fights in a row. Recently, in various interviews, his head striking coach Mark Henry, as well as teammates Frankie Edgar and Marlon Moraes, have sung his praises and pegged the 25-year-old Russian as a future UFC champion.
Magomedsharipov's debut isn't finalized at this time, but the promotion is hoping he kicks off his UFC career sooner rather than later, sources say.
Below is a clip of his most recent fight, which took place in September 2016:
Accrington have been fined £20,000 after manager James Beattie's coaching qualifications were found to have breached Football League regulations.
The 35-year-old former England striker was appointed in May last year, but did not hold a Uefa B licence, required by clubs in Leagues One and Two.
However, £15,000 of the fine has been suspended subject to him achieving the necessary qualification by 1 May 2014.
James Beattie factfile Born: 27 February 1978
27 February 1978 Clubs: Blackburn, Southampton, Everton, Sheffield United, Stoke, Rangers, Blackpool (loan), Accrington Stanley
Blackburn, Southampton, Everton, Sheffield United, Stoke, Rangers, Blackpool (loan), Accrington Stanley Club appearances/goals: 497/141
497/141 England caps/goals: 5/0
Accrington have decided not to lodge an appeal against the decision.
"This is a regrettable situation and measures have been put in place to ensure that James Beattie has gained the required qualifications by the deadline of 1 May. Accrington Stanley will make no further comment on this subject," said a club statement.
All managers in the bottom two divisions of the Football League are required under regulation 40 to have a B licence and begin working towards an A licence within three years of their appointment.
The rules also state that managers in the Championship must hold an A licence and be working towards a Pro licence, Uefa's highest coaching qualification.
The fine on Beattie was imposed by a three-man Football Disciplinary Commission panel.
The commission found that the club had twice been reminded about the B licence, when previous boss Leam Richardson resigned in April 2013 and again when Beattie was given the job.
A statement added: "As of the date of the FDC hearing (Jan 2014), James Beattie had still not attended a relevant course or been able to confirm a place on a future course."
His side currently lie 18th in League Two following Saturday's 2-1 victory over Cheltenham.
Get ready to ring in 2018! Count down to the New Year, and then celebrate with a special limited-time shop and a Hot Day!
New Year's Countdown
PST: Saturday, December 30, 2017 4:00 PM – Sunday, December 31, 2017 3:59 PM
EST: Saturday, December 30, 2017 7:00 PM – Sunday, December 31, 2017 6:59 PM
CET: Sunday, December 31, 2017 1:00 AM – Monday, January 1, 2018 12:59 AM
AEDT: Sunday, December 31, 2017 11:00 AM – Monday, January 1, 2018 10:59 AM
Characters Lv. 33 and above can begin the event by accepting the quest '[Countdown] Together, Good-bye' from the event notifier on the left side of the screen, or by talking to NPC Cassandra. You'll travel to the Good-bye Hill map where a countdown board ticks away the hours until the New Year! Relax and spend some with other Maplers while you wait for 2018 to arrive!
Once the countdown completes, a Special Shop will become available for only one hour at the following times:
PST: Sunday, December 31, 2017 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM
EST: Sunday, December 31, 2017 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM
CET: Monday, January 1, 2018 1:00 AM - 2:00 AM
AEDT: Monday, January 1, 2018 11:00 AM - 12:00 PM
The shop sells some limited-quantity items available for mesos, so get the goodies before someone else does. Pick up some trait items, restorative items, Explorer Random Face or Hair Coupons, a New Year's 3x EXP Coupon, a Happy New Year! Buff (gives Weapon ATT/Magic ATT +30 for 15 minutes), or a Happy New Year mount (permanent and 90-day versions available)!
New Year's Hot Day
PST: Sunday, December 31, 2017 4:00 PM – Monday, January 1, 2018 3:59 PM
EST: Sunday, December 31, 2017 7:00 PM – Monday, January 1, 2018 6:59 PM
CET: Monday, January 1, 2018 1:00 AM – Tuesday, January 2, 2018 12:59 AM
AEDT: Monday, January 1, 2018 11:00 AM – Tuesday, January 2, 2018 10:59 AM
Celebrate the arrival of 2018 with a Hot Day! Get in-game for some great items!
Log in with a character Lv. 30 or above, and click the gift box icon on the left side of the screen to receive a Gift Box, and then double-click the box in your inventory to open it. Once you receive the gift box, you can open it anytime before 1:00 AM PST / 4:00 AM EST / 10:00 AM CET / 8:00 PM AEDT of the following day. If you have more than 30 unclaimed gifts, you may not be able to see the Hot Day reward. Please clear any unclaimed gifts and login again to see the Hot Day reward. All rewards are for both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds unless specifically noted below.
Storage Room 8 Slot Coupon : Untradeable, 7-day duration.
Miracle Circulator (x5) : Untradeable, 7-day duration.
Nova Coin (x50): Untradeable
This event is available to players Lv. 30 and above (Zero characters must have completed up to Chapter 2). You can receive one gift box per account.
Alina and Voichita have been friends since their orphanage days. And they have been lovers since they became sexually mature. But despite their oath of mutual fidelity, Alina, who could not bear poverty any more, emigrated to Germany where she became a barmaid. Now she just could not take the estrangement from Voichita and today she is back to Romania with a view to taking Voichita along with her to Germany. The only trouble is that in the meantime her girlfriend has betrayed her in falling in love with... God! Voichita indeed now lives in a convent where she plans to make vows. The priest agrees, if somewhat reluctantly, to accommodate Alina before their (hypothetical) departure. He sees all too well that not only is the young woman materialistic but hostile and troublesome as well... Written by Guy Bellinger
Alcohol Related Crashes : Data Analysis
In this article we will analyze the crash and accident data from the NHTSA website
The data is provided by year and the time of the day. So going by the hunch, the accidents related to alcohol should be very high during the night time and less during the working hours.
Plotting this data we get
The peak occurs between midnight and 3pm.
Now let us see how the trend is changing over the years
In the above chart, each bar represents the year and you can see within each time slot how the trend is falling down. The right most bar represents 2011 and left most represents the year 1994.
And here is another view
Here is how the data looks and it is provided by year.
From a young age, Read felt her artistic calling, whether expressed through poetry, composing essays, a memoir, or, now, fiction—for her, all of this has a single purpose: the greater glory of God.
As I entered Soho Square the bell of St. Patrick's Church started to toll.
It was three o'clock in the afternoon. The bell rang out three times and then continued tolling. It was the hour of Great Mercy. It was to this sound of a tolling bell that I entered the church. There the Blessed Sacrament was exposed upon the altar. It was here also where, as arranged, I met Sally Read.
Ignatius Press has just published a remarkable book: Night's Bright Darkness: A Modern Conversion Story by Sally Read. It is a memoir of the author's conversion from atheism to the Catholic faith. It is a tale skilfully told and beautifully written. No doubt it will speak to many of her generation, witnessing as it does to an escape from a life where pleasure was the guiding principle to one re-imagined by an encounter with the Living God.
Shortly after meeting, we walked through the square to a nearby café. As we did so, I asked her what it was like being back in London. She said she found her former homeland more materialistic than ever, more than her adopted home near Rome where today she lives with her husband and daughter. By way of response, I suggested that, perhaps, it was much the same as when she lived here some twenty years ago, while, privately, I wondered if it wasn't so much London that had changed as Sally Read. It was of this change I had come to speak to her.
She had been a psychiatric nurse two decades earlier in this city. Her memoir makes clear that during that period of her life she saw much: madness, despair and death, and all at close quarters. That former time working in London's psychiatric hospitals is now history, however. Today Sally Read is very much a writer, with a newly published book that is already gaining attention.
Maybe this is not so surprising as Sally Read is also an award-winning poet. For now, however, poetry is not on her agenda. Sitting drinking tea together, I ask her why. She sees her former poetry now as a form of ‘mysticism'. However obliquely, she felt it was somehow in touch with something greater, though that ‘something' the then poet did not fully understand. Nevertheless, poetry, she says, reflects contemporary culture, is closely attuned to it; the culture we live in is so poisoned morally, culturally and spiritually that the toxicity is too much for her to change. She accepts her creative limits in this regard.
In Night's Bright Darkness the narrative line is so compelling that I asked if she had considered writing fiction. For a fleeting moment she appeared surprised. Then she admitted that she was halfway through completing her first novel. It is in this genre that Sally Read now wishes to explore her vision. She is cautious about speaking of this latest venture. This is not because she wishes to withhold information so much as because she is still feeling her way. Her present work, however, is a literary novel, she says, one that explores ‘life in all its rawness'. Having read her memoir, one would expect nothing less.
Sally Read may be a writer, but she is quick to point out that she is not a ‘Catholic writer'. Like many, she prefers to see herself instead as a writer who became a Catholic. In this case, her awareness of the desire to write came long before any consciousness of God. The vocation to be a storyteller—what she describes as a ‘truth teller'—is paramount. From a young age, she felt this artistic calling, whether expressed through poetry, composing essays, a memoir, or, now, fiction—for her, all of this has a single purpose: the greater glory of God. Her conversion, she says, has only crystallised this pre-existing sense of vocation.
The writers she claims that have influenced her are some one might expect, such as Graham Greene and Flannery O'Connor; others are less obvious such as Virginia Woolf. When Sally Read speaks of literary and spiritual matters, there is no dichotomy. They are parts of the same whole. Since her conversion, she has discovered the world of Catholic spiritual writings. Her favourite conversion story, she says, is that of Thomas Merton. It was while reading The Seven Storey Mountain that any doubts she had about putting her own faith journey down on paper evaporated.
Read is still a relatively recent Catholic convert. The publication of her book makes that event seem more recent than it is. In fact, it was in 2010 that she was received into the Catholic Church. Then in the summer of 2014, she started to write the story of her conversion, completing it the following year, before its eventual publication this year.
Had there been changes in her life since the publication of Night's Bright Darkness, I asked her? ‘None at all', she said, surprised by the question. The book, she pointed out, has only just been published in America; it has not yet been translated into Italian; and the media round in which she is currently involved has been solely aimed at the US market. In Italy, she is as unknown as she ever was. She may be a writer exciting interest in the English-speaking world, but in her Italian home she is a wife and mother, in her local parish just one more member of the congregation. I sensed she was relieved at that.
For all her years in Italy, Read's demeanour and manner remain British. Her family background is rooted in these islands—part East Anglia, part Ulster, all Protestant. This makes her conversion to Rome from a mix of atheism and anti-Catholicism all the more remarkable.
One of the questions I wanted to ask was about the reactions of others to her conversion. She told me that the response of her family was mixed but is now no longer hostile and, if anything, merely indifferent. New Catholic friends have appeared as many of her old friends disappeared. There have also been some welcome surprises. A close friend from her former life in London has also now found her way into the Church. Chatting with Sally Read, in a crowded cafe, I was struck by the mystery of the faith. It is full of the unexpected and unlooked for, and all the more wondrous for that.
Read has a small, close spiritual support network. Fr. Gregory Hrynkiw, the priest who played such a pivotal part in her conversion, and who is central to the book, is still her spiritual guide. Beyond and more important than anything else, however, of course, is the Eucharist. She is clear that when any Catholic receives Holy Communion, this is a mystical experience. Night's Bright Darkness records how the mystics, such as St. John of the Cross, helped draw her closer to the Truth. She continues to read the mystics, some of these from closer to home: English mystics such as Julian of Norwich and Margery Kempe. She feels that a mystical awareness is at the heart of her new found faith.
We walked back to the church through streets that are as far from God as any in this Metropolis. Minutes later, we said goodbye outside the large red brick neo-Gothic structure of St. Patrick's. As she entered the darkness within, I glimpsed in the distance, still exposed upon the altar, the Blessed Sacrament
Soho Square is marked to the East by St. Patrick's church. To the North side of the square there is a plaque to a now famous resident who lived there in the nineteenth century. Mary Seacole was a black nurse who cared for soldiers in the Crimea War. She was also a convert to Catholicism and lies buried in London's main Catholic cemetery. More curious still, facing the church on the far side to the West, lived, and eventually died, another nurse, who served in that same conflict. Her name was Frances Margaret Taylor. Upon her return from Crimea, she also converted to the Catholic faith. Many decades later, she was declared Venerable.
And now, in 2016, for a new generation, a former nurse speaks of her conversion to the Catholic faith. Sally Read is indeed home.
Night had fallen, but walking out of the square, I was conscious more than ever that within it, and indeed throughout this city, a ‘bell' tolls yet, telling of a Merciful Heart that waits for all.
Soaring Higher
Concrete Frisbee lands engineering team at the top
MARIETTA, Ga. (Mar 31, 2017) — When asked to build a Frisbee out of concrete, students in the Southern Polytechnic College of Engineering and Engineering Technology accepted the challenge and pushed their engineering prowess to new heights, earning first place at the American Society of Civil Engineers regional competition.
In early March, just weeks before the ASCE competition, the Concrete Frisbee team was struggling with their design. Mechanical engineering student Nick Murphy, while working on the Concrete Canoe team, saw their struggles and stepped in to help. With an expertise in aerodynamics, he quickly spent the rest of the day redesigning the Frisbee for the upcoming regionals.
“My main goal was to get the proper volume, and determine the weight calculations with the mix. We could always tweak size based on the weight we desired,” said Murphy, who also serves as vice president of the Aerial Robotics team at Kennesaw State. “I play disc golf, so I just modeled it after that.”
Murphy designed the 3D model using the Solidworks software and manufactured the mold using the 5-axis CNC machine, a computer-aided cutting tool, in the Architecture building. The team's concrete mix was used in the mold to fabricate their final product. Crafting a sturdy, yet lightweight concrete was another crucial component to winning the competition, he explained.
Alex DeLong, a civil engineering student, helped to build the mix. With the team's concrete Frisbee weighing only 0.6 pounds, it was one of the lightest at competition.
“Making the concrete mix is like making a cake – too much or too little of an ingredient can make a huge difference. We needed to optimize what additives went into our mix,” DeLong said. “We needed a lightweight Frisbee, but it needed to take up volume and be sturdy enough to withstand the throws.”
The KSU team's design factored in airflow and aerodynamics, and the concrete proved structurally strong.
“It really is important for different types of engineers to collaborate,” Murphy added, pointing out how mechanical and civil engineering students teamed up to create the best product possible.
Each collegiate Frisbee team was allowed two throws, and the average distance was calculated for the final score. Murphy threw the Frisbee 150 feet and 188 feet, respectively.
If the Frisbee had broken, the team would have been out of the competition, Murphy explained. Instead, the KSU team built one of the most lightweight Frisbees, which traveled the farthest distance, allowing the team to clench the first-place title.
The Concrete Frisbee team was just one of KSU's ASCE small competition teams that competed in 18 different activities at the regional series in March in Florida. The Steel Bridge Team placed third, earning a bid to national competition at the end of May. The Concrete Canoe team placed eighth regionally this year, moving up five spots from last year.
Qais Manji, a senior civil engineering student, served as KSU's ASCE project manager, ensuring that all of the competition teams had the proper documentation to compete and that each team met the rules set forth by the ASCE for each type of activity.
“The competitions are always fun and the events change each year so that we have to make weird things out of concrete,” said Manji, who has been involved for the past three years. “But these competitions play a huge role in our education. We show the productivity of civil engineering and what we can do to put our knowledge in to application.”
This year, the regional competition entailed 25 universities competing in 18 different activities.
Kennesaw State's ASCE chapter entered all 18 of the eligible competitions, ranking in the top 10 for 10 of those events:
Concrete Frisbee – 1st
Mystery (excavator challenge) – 1st
Wood Dam – 2nd
Concrete Ladder Golf – 2nd
Concrete Cylinder – tied for 5th
Environmental – 6th
Professional Paper – 9th
Concrete Cornhole – 9th
Balsa Wood Bridge – 9th
Geotechnical – 10th
With more than 40 Kennesaw State engineering students who volunteer to participate in these academic competitions, the University placed third overall among 25 universities – its highest achievement in the regional competition series.
“Participating in the ASCE Southeastern Conference builds teamwork, pride in representing KSU, and confidence in applying engineering principles while showcasing personal skills - all in a fun, competitive atmosphere with student peers,” said Nancy Turner, a civil engineering lecturer and faculty advisor to KSU's ASCE student chapter.
- Tiffany Capuano; photos by David Caselli
A leader in innovative teaching and learning, Kennesaw State University offers more than 150 undergraduate, graduate and doctoral degrees to its more than 35,000 students. With 13 colleges on two metros Atlanta campuses, Kennesaw State is a member of the University System of Georgia and the third-largest university in the state. The university's vibrant campus culture, diverse population, strong global ties and entrepreneurial spirit draw students from throughout the region and from 92 countries across the globe. A Carnegie-designated doctoral institution, it is one of the 50 largest public institutions in the country. For more information, visit kennesaw.edu.
We live in a world of accelerating change. New industries are constantly being born and old ones are becoming obsolete. A report by the World Economic Forum reveals that almost 65 percent of the jobs elementary school students will be doing in the future do not even exist yet. Both the workforce and our knowledge base are rapidly evolving.
Combined with the effects of technological automation on the workforce, this leaves us with a crucial question: What are the skills future generations will need?
Education expert Tony Wagner has spent a lifetime trying to answer this very question. Through investigating the education sector, interviewing industry leaders and studying the global workforce at large, Wagner has identified seven survival skills of the future. These are skills and mindsets young people absolutely need in order to meet their full potential.
1. Critical Thinking and Problem-Solving
We spend so much time teaching students how to answer questions that we often neglect to teach them how to ask them. Asking questions—and asking good ones—is a foundation of critical thinking. Before you can solve a problem, you must be able to critically analyze and question what is causing it. This is why critical thinking and problem-solving are coupled together.
Wagner notes the workforce today is organized very differently than it was a few years ago. What we are seeing are diverse teams working on specific problems, as opposed to specific specialties. Your manager doesn't have all the answers and solutions—you have to work to find them.
Above all, this skill set builds the very foundation of innovation. We have to have the ability to question the status quo and criticize it before we can innovate and prescribe an alternative.
2. Collaboration Across Networks and Leading by Influence
One of the major trends today is the rise of the contingent workforce. In the next five years, non-permanent and remote workers are expected to make up 40 percent of the average company's total workforce. We are even seeing a greater percentage of full-time employees working on the cloud. Multinational corporations are having their teams of employees collaborate at different offices across the planet.
Technology has allowed work and collaboration to transcend geographical boundaries, and that's truly exciting. However, collaboration across digital networks and with individuals from radically different backgrounds is something our youth needs to be prepared for. According to a New Horizons report on education, we should see an increasing focus on global online collaboration, where “digital tools are used to support interactions around curricular objectives and promote intercultural understanding.”
Within these contexts, leadership among a team is no longer about commanding with top-down authority, but rather about leading by influence. Ultimately, as Wagner points out, “It's about how citizens make change today in their local communities—by trying to influence diverse groups and then creating alliances of groups who work together toward a common goal.”
3. Agility and Adaptability
We live in a VUCA (Volatile, uncertain, complex and ambiguous) world. Hence, It's important to be able to adapt and re-define one's strategy.
In their book, “Critical Thinking: How to Prepare Students for a Rapidly Changing World,” Richard Paul & Dillion Beach note how traditionally our education and work mindset has been designed for routine and fixed procedure. “We learned how to do something once, and then we did it over and over. Learning meant becoming habituated,” they write. “But what is it to learn to continually re-learn? To be comfortable with perpetual re-learning?”
In the post-industrial era, the impact of technology has meant we have to be agile and adaptive to unpredictable consequences of disruption. We may have to learn skills and mindsets on demand and set aside ones that are no longer required.
4. Initiative and Entrepreneurship
Traditionally, initiative has been something students show in spite of or in addition to their schoolwork. For most students, developing a sense of initiative and entrepreneurial skills has often been part of their extracurricular activities. With an emphasis on short-term tests and knowledge, most curricula have not been designed to inspire doers and innovators.
Are we teaching our youth to lead? Are we encouraging them to take initiative? Are we empowering them to solve global challenges? Throughout his research, Wagner has found that even in corporate settings, business leaders are struggling to find employees who consistently “seek out new opportunities, ideas and strategies for improvement.”
5. Effective Oral and Written Communication
A study by the Partnership for 21st Century Skills showed that about 89 percent of employer respondents report high school graduate entrants as “deficient” in communication.
Clear communication isn't just a matter of proper use of language and grammar. In many ways, communicating clearly is an extension of thinking clearly. Can you present your argument persuasively? Can you inspire others with passion? Can you concisely capture the highlights of what you are trying to say? Can you promote yourself or a product?
Billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson has famously said “Communication is the most important skill any leader can possess.” Like many, he has noted it is a skill that can be learned and consequently used to open many opportunities.
6. Assessing and Analyzing Information
We now live in the information age. Every day we create 2.5 quintillion bytes of data. As this infographic shows, this would fill 10 million Blu-ray disks.
While our access to information has dramatically increased, so has our access to misinformation. While navigating the digital world, very few students have been taught how to assess the source and evaluate the content of the information they access. Moreover, this information is continuously evolving as we update our knowledge base faster than ever before.
Furthermore, in the age of fake news, an active and informed citizen will have to be able to assess information from many different sources through a critical lens.
7. Curiosity and Imagination
Curiosity is a powerful driver of new knowledge and innovation. It is by channeling a child-like sense of awe and wonder about the world that we can truly imagine something even better. It takes powerful imagination to envision breakthroughs and then go about executing them. It is the reason Albert Einstein famously said, “Imagination is more important than knowledge.”
We consistently spoon-feed students with information instead of empowering them to ask questions and seek answers. Inquisitiveness and thinking outside the box need to be treated with the same level of importance the school system gives to physics or math.
Transforming the Future of Education
There is a stark contrast between these seven survival skills of the future and the focus of education today. Instead of teaching students to answer questions, we should teach them to ask them. Instead of preparing them for college, we should prepare them for life.
Beyond creating better employees, we must aim to create better leaders and innovators. Doing so will not only radically transform the future of education and the workforce, it will also transform the world we live in.
Stock Media provided by ra2studio / Pond5 – Deep Dream Generator
South Americans consume the most sugar per capita than any other continent. The average South American consumes 47.9 kg of sugar per year, driven by Brazil (58.7 kg) which consumes the third most sugar per capita in the world. Israel consumes the second most sugar at 58.8 kg, while the highest consumption per capita in the world belongs to the natives of Netherland Antilles, who consume 61.9 kg of sugar per year.
The average consumption of sugar in North America (33.9 kg), Europe (36.7 kg), Oceania (38.3 kg) and Central America (39.8 kg) are all above the world average of 23.1 kg per year, while people from Africa (16.3 kg) and Asia (17.3 kg) are below the world average.
World Per Capita Consumption of Sugar (2013)
The data was provided by the Indian Sugar Mills Association. You can find these major industry organizations and companies at the Sugar Expo 2015 which takes place next week.
This is the first of a three-part series of panels in which readers describe why they're voting for a specific political party for the first time in their lives – in this case, the Conservatives. The next panel in the series will be about those who have decided to vote for the Labour party.
Out goes 'strong and stable leadership': Tories reboot online campaign Read more
Roddy, 20, Bath: They're the only party capable of delivering on Brexit
Voted Ukip in the 2015 general election
Ukip has moved away from being a pro-individual rights, small-state and fiscally responsible party. It's now an ultra-conservative party with little more to offer than unattainable kneejerk pledges on immigration. I decided in April that I'm voting Conservative, not because I like their policies – quite the opposite – but because they're the only party capable of delivering on Brexit and running our nation.
I don't think I've ever felt so disaffected and disappointed by politics as I feel about this election. It really is a race to the bottom.
Mark, 46, Cardiff: Labour is too obsessed with its internal struggles
Voted Labour in the 2015 general election
While I am not tribally Labour, I am left-leaning. I feel however that the Labour party is currently too obsessed with its internal struggles to form a believable government. The current method of electing a leader allows the more fundamentalist sections to have too strong a voice. With this method the Labour movement is dying. This is obvious in its socialist-leaning manifesto. The regressive policies will see Britain return to a public sector and union driven country.
Business should be the driver for creating wealth across the board. Labour does not understand business, is too focused on the NHS and is currently a joke. The Liberal Democrats are led by an evangelical Christian who keeps banging on about being working class. After reading the parties' manifestos, the only party that seems in any way in control is the Conservatives. Their current manifesto seems to serve the wider population well and I believe they are the only choice.
Isla, 74, Airdrie: The SNP has been obsessed with independence
Voted Labour in the 2015 general election
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ruth Davidson, leader of the Scottish Conservatives, campaigning in Clackmannanshire, May 2017. Photograph: Andy Buchanan/AFP/Getty Images
The election is a chance to kill two birds with one stone by voting Conservative. I believe that after the election there will be a battle against extreme socialism and extreme nationalism, and I see Ruth Davidson [leader of the Scottish Conservative party] as a champion against aggressive nationalism.
I voted Labour for 50 years and have been a Guardian reader for 30 years, but I'm struggling with the party's leftwing bias, given its current brand of socialism. This has never resonated with the middle of the road Labour voter, but only with fringe groups and middle class “intellectuals” who are for the people but not of the people.
Alan, 46, Reading: I do not believe we need another referendum
Voted Liberal Democrat in the 2015 general election
The Lib Dems' main aim is a rerun of the referendum, and I don't believe we need this, even though I identify with a lot of their other aims.
I voted for Brexit and want to get on with it and manage the pain of exit as best we can. Labour have simply moved too far to the left and will attack the few people who already pay the majority of tax in this country.
Yana, 55, Crewe: Our current Conservative candidate considers local views
Voted Labour in the 2015 general election
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Theresa May campaigning in Shepton Mallet, Somerset, May 2017. Photograph: Leon Neal/Getty Images
I have always voted Labour in every election, local or national, since being able to vote, so this has been a very difficult decision. But I cannot vote for a party that is in such disarray. The main concern I have is with the prospect of a poor Labour “management” team – because management is ultimately what the leader and cabinet provide for the country. Their seemingly tempting manifesto is made of wishes plucked from the air without the substance, leadership or money to deliver them.
As someone who voted to remain I believe there are very tough times ahead as we leave the EU, and strength and capability of leadership is vital, as difficult decisions are needed. I feel the current Conservative MP/candidate in my constituency is a moderate, hardworking individual who also considers local views. If I was presented with a different Conservative candidate I would have possibly not voted at all.
Annabel, 62, Cumbria: Tim Farron is my local MP but I find his stance on Brexit undemocratic
Voted Liberal Democrat in the 2015 general election
Tim Farron is my local MP but I find his current stance regarding the referendum result undemocratic. I believe the parties should try to work more cooperatively in the best interests of the country, not continue to fuel division that will be seen as a sign of weakness in negotiations. The Greens live in some strange parallel universe divorced from reality, Ukip is a spent force, and the Labour party, of which I was a member and for which I campaigned many years ago, has lost its way. I decided I was not going to vote for the Lib Dems when Farron started banging on about another referendum.
Researchers are developing a stick-on sweat sensor that could one day let you know whether you need to rehydrate or replenish your electrolytes. J. Rogers/Northwestern University
Current fitness trackers can tell you how many steps you've taken or whether you've met your target heart rate. But a new sweat monitor in development could keep track of whether you need to hydrate and replenish your electrolytes. The flexible stick-on patch, whose creation was led by researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, attaches to your forearm or lower back to measure your electrolyte and glucose levels, rate of sweating, and more. It's basically a laboratory test that you can wear on your skin. It works by sucking up sweat and channeling it through tiny capillaries to four circles at the center of the device. Each circle contains enzymes that react to your sweat's glucose, lactate, chloride, and pH levels, which can all indicate whether you are overtaxing your body. The circles change color as they sample your sweat. A smartphone app would use your camera to analyze the colors, determining the contents of your sweat.
The flexible patch changes color as it analyzes sweat Rahkendra Ice / A. Koh et al. / Science Translational Medicine (2016)
Researchers tested the sweat monitors on a group of indoor bicyclists as well as 12 volunteers riding outdoors in the El Tour de Tucson in Arizona. The tests confirmed that the patches stay attached and can do their job in real-life exercise situations, but the team is still working out the interface that would help users interpret the color data. “We don't, right now, have an app with a user-friendly front-end interface,” says John Rogers, a materials science at Urbana-Champaign and senior author of a new study on the patches. The patches are designed to be cheap and disposable after a single use. Each one monitors sweat for up to 6 hours at a time, depending on how much the user is sweating. Rogers says that the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and a “leading supplier of sports beverages” are currently running field trials with the device. Popular Science has asked for more details about that. But in the meantime, the paper hints at what those experiments may be investigating:
...[T]he devices could be used in athletic and military training to gain insight into critical electrolyte loss, thereby guiding earlier supplementation before symptomatic cramping and “hitting the wall” points in time at which appropriate preventative treatment is no longer effective.
Alice Weidel, a member of Germany's right-wing Alternative for Germany party, delivers a speech after her nomination as one of the campaign leaders for the next German general election. (Sascha Schuermann/Getty Images)
The far right's drubbing in the French election exposed the biggest challenge for European nationalists: convincing voters that they are no longer a bunch of intolerant haters. To argue that point, welcome to the political stage Alice Weidel, the improbable new voice of Germany's far right.
In person, the cardigan-wearing former investment banker eschews fiery rhetoric in favor of almost academic answers. But there's something else that distinguishes her from the populist pack. After days spent campaigning for the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, the 38-year-old lesbian goes home to her partner and two sons.
“My election and my high acceptance within the party show that, contrary to public perception, my party is tolerant,” said Weidel, one of two politicians elected last month to lead the AfD into Germany's national elections in September.
Weidel's rise is the latest expression of a growing, if seemingly ironic, trend. In their policies, nationalist movements in the West often oppose full gay rights, including same-sex marriage. But many such parties are increasingly trying to portray themselves as more tolerant than their images suggest, in part by making space for gay men and lesbians.
[With Le Pen defeat, Europe's far-right surge stalls]
AfD candidate Jörg Nobis, left, Alice Weidel and the federal chairman of AfD, Jörg Meuthen, in Berlin on May 8. (Clemens Bilan/European Pressphoto Agency)
This, observers say, amounts to an attempt to broaden their appeal — not only to gays but also to voters who view such movements as overtly bigoted and exclusionary.
Weidel “is a signpost; she is there to say, ‘Look, we're not only old, angry white men,' ” said Cornelius Adebahr, a fellow at Carnegie Europe.
The efforts in Europe echo the moment last year when Donald Trump held up a rainbow flag, a symbol of the gay community, at a presidential campaign stop in Colorado. In doing so, he took a page from far-right Dutch firebrand Geert Wilders, who has for years portrayed his campaign against Muslim immigration as a way to protect gays from bashing by religious zealots.
Opponents, however, call such efforts disingenuous — optics that do not gel with nationalist voting patterns, actions and internal musings on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights. In France, for instance, the National Front's Marine Le Pen, despite equivocating on the issue at first, in February included a repeal of same-sex marriage — legalized in France in 2013 — in her campaign pledges.
More recently, however, gays have been promoted to the party's highest ranks. National Front leaders Florian Philippot and Steeve Briois were outed by French journalists in recent years. Nevertheless, Philippot is now Le Pen's right-hand man, and two weeks ago, Briois was named the party's interim chief.
[How the far right is trying to woo an unlikely ally — Jews]
Le Pen's views are a far cry from those of her father, party founder Jean-Marie Le Pen. In the 1980s, the elder Le Pen — an anti-Semite who referred to the Nazi gas chambers as a “detail” of history — was as outspoken about gays as he was about Jews. During the AIDS crisis, he advocated for the creation of concentration camps for those infected with HIV.
Despite her massive loss, Marine Le Pen's different strategy may be gradually working. Although the party opposes same-sex marriage, a 2015 poll showed that support for her party among gay couples rose from 19 percent in 2012 to 32 percent in 2015 — right after the November terrorist attacks in Paris.
“If you look at the history of the National Front, it was always a homophobic party — but with lots of homosexuals,” said Frédéric Martel, author of “The Pink and the Black: Homosexuals in France since 1968.”
Enter Germany's Weidel, who last month was selected to help lead the AfD and is now tasked with helping the party avoid political implosion.
Founded in 2013 on the back of German angst over bailouts for Greece, the AfD morphed during the refugee crisis into an anti-immigrant nationalist movement that has opposed the building of new mosques and advocates leaving the euro currency union. Should the AfD crash and burn following losses by nationalists in the Netherlands and France, it would amount to a massive setback for the far right in Europe.
[In Germany, right-wing violence flourishing amid surge in online hate]
After strong gains last year in local elections, the AfD has taken a severe hit in recent months, with its poll numbers falling to single digits. Its problems came after explosive remarks by one of its prominent politicians, Björn Höcke, who appeared to play down Germany's World War II guilt and Adolf Hitler's atrocities.
Besides turning off potential supporters, his comments fueled a tug of war between moderates and hard-liners for the soul of the party. Caught up in the dispute, Frauke Petry, the face of the party, abruptly announced last month that she would step aside as its lead candidate.
In her place, the AfD elected two replacements: the more moderate Weidel and a hard-liner, Alexander Gauland, 76. Weidel concedes that it was an attempt to appease both sides of the movement.
Since then, some of her fiercest critics have been German gay groups. Markus Ulrich, spokesman for the Lesbian and Gay Federation in Germany, dismissed Weidel's election as a “clever strategy” meant to distract from the AfD's hard-line platform.
“Does the AfD stand for equal rights? For respect? For diversity? Definitely not,” Ulrich said.
Yet Weidel's appeal also stems from a characteristic that has helped her rise in the AfD: She is not a traditional politician. An economist, she graduated best in class at the University of Bayreuth and earned her doctorate in 2011. She worked in China for six years and speaks Mandarin. Her day job is consulting for start-ups.
In an interview with The Washington Post, she said she saw no contradiction between her party's stated stance in favor of “traditional families” with “a father and mother” and her life with her female partner and children. Germany offers civil partnerships, she said, and she and her party remain in favor “of keeping the status quo.”
[Islam is Europe's ‘new fascism,' and other things European politicians say about Muslims]
The pushback within the AfD against a lesbian as one of its leading voices, meanwhile, has been surprisingly muted. Some far-right websites have jabbed at Weidel. But for the most part, even fervent nationalists in the party appear to be backing her.
“We are fostering traditional values but aren't ostracizing anyone,” said AfD politician Andreas Gehlmann, who once heckled a colleague from another party speaking about gay issues. “We also have black people in the AfD.”
Weidel condemns AfD politicians such as Höcke. Although she was initially attracted to the party because of its anti-euro stance, she also fiercely defends its anti-immigrant position — particularly against the decision by Chancellor Angela Merkel to welcome hundreds of thousands of refugees, many fleeing the Syrian war.
She says that neither she nor her party is “anti-Islamic.” But she described some conservative Muslims as “enemies of freedom” and said that those who do not integrate pose a risk to German culture.
She generally dismisses the criticism by fellow gays and lesbians.
“I was labeled by a gay magazine as the most dangerous homosexual in Germany,” Weidel said. “I called up my partner and said, ‘In Germany, especially in Berlin, we cannot show up at gay parties anymore.' She was like, ‘We've never done that, and we won't do that,' so I have no problem.”
James McAuley in Paris, Stephanie Kirchner in Berlin and Annabell Van den Berghe in Brussels contributed to this report.
Read more
A Trump bump to reorder European politics? Not so fast.
Ahead of pivotal European elections, rightist websites grow in influence
The rise of Trump has led to an unexpected twist in Germany's election: A resurgent left
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
By Chalan Moon
Curiosity serves the interest of those seeking knowledge and truth.
Discovery relies on initiation. One decision can snowball into
revelation of either devastating or miraculous proportions. The pursuit
of knowledge and foresight takes one step and becomes addicted.
And so it was that I discovered just how misinformed our country is. In perusing Facebook
groups that my friends had recently joined, a distinct pattern
developed: Barack must be our president to avoid more Bush rhetoric,
and McCain/Palin suffer from the puppetry of Karl Rove. You've heard it all. But where were the McCain groups? I knew that the 'I Hate Barack Obama' advocates were out in the digital world, fevently regurgitating the rhetoric they heard from Fox News and Sean Hannity.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
I opened Pandora's Box.
It only took one peek into one group
before I started messaging people that had posted particularly
malevolent and/or ill conceived comments. One person wrote, at length,
that if Senator Obama
were to be elected president, we would have our first Arab-American
president, not Black. They went on to give detail about the senator's
heritage and how 'Baracka' and 'Hussein' are Arabic words. My message
was respectful, but my tongue is sore from repeated biting. I informed
her that she was partly right on the Arabic origins of his name, but
completely wrong on his heritage. Courteously, like a teacher might
explain, I detailingly informed the individual that Senator Obama's
father was from Kenya and the national language
of that country is Swahili. Swahili is a very unique language in that
it has shared trading routes with Arab speaking communities for
centuries. Through language borrowing, Swahili
borrowed many words from Arabic for things the people of Swahili
speaking countries did not have. In all, approximately 50% of Swahili
is borrowed Arabic words, but the borrowings abide to Swahili grammar,
not Arabic.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
I then told her that an 'Arab' is defined as someone with Arabic as
their first language and being from a nation with Arabic as its official
language. It has nothing--nothing--to do with Islam, or being Muslim.
This confusion surprises me. It's no different than assuming that
Americans are evangelical. Furthermore, I reminded her that a name is
hardly relevant to a candidates ability to preside. If anything, it
highlights racist undertones.
So, my call is to you, the reader. Stop these people by being the
voice needed. And if you do so, don't insult them. Resist calling them
names. That is typically their game and we can be better than that.
Inform the world with polite smiles throughout and their anger will
only reveal their vulnerability.
Please contact these people and let them know where they are wrong.
Provide them with links to websites where they can find referenced
data. It is all our responsibility to run this nation. It has never
just been up to one man. The current turmoil rests on the shoulders of
the world.
The cited website of the Facebook user: http://www.arcadeathome.com/newsboy.phtml?Barack_Hussein_Obama_-_Arab-American,_only_6.25%_African
The address of the Facebook group (there are several): http://www.new.facebook.com/wall.php?id=2363253979&page=1&hash=0d5b5843b61991893f2903ccd281f79c
PALO ALTO, Calif. -- Tim Thomson needed a charge, quickly.
With his all-electric Nissan Leaf fast losing battery power and no places to plug in along the highway from Fresno, Calif., to San Francisco, Thompson turned to his iPhone. He pulled up an application called PlugShare that maps charging stations for electric vehicle drivers. A resident in nearby Madera had advertised his home charging station, so Thomson called in a panic.
An E&E SERIES How advances in electric vehicles are changing the future. Click here for part one, here for part three and here for part four.
"I was about to get stuck," said Thomson, a 25-year-old nurse and student from Fresno. "It was either that or go back to Fresno. There was no option to go forward."
The lack of charging infrastructure nationwide, especially outside EV-friendly cities, has long bred "range anxiety" and chilled sales of the clean vehicles. Utilities, municipalities, workplaces and startups have all ramped up their investment in the infrastructure to calm fears. But in many places, EV drivers still depend on an unreliable patchwork of outlets at hotels and campgrounds.
Increasingly, the sharing economy is filling the void. Private individuals like the man Thomson called are stepping up, offering their personal charging stations, mostly for free, near bustling highways or in places as remote as a desert road hour from Las Vegas. The network has earned the nickname "Airbnb of charging."
The country now has 13,925 public electric charging stations, or 34,378 outlets, according to the Department of Energy's Alternative Fuels Data Center. PlugShare, the app used by Thomson, maps out tens of thousands of additional outlets from private residents.
Recently, Renault Group launched Elbnb, a website and application in Sweden that maps out charging stations for EVs and takes its inspiration from the sharing economy. The homeowners who have signed up to share their own plugs have increased the number of charging stations available in the country by 3.5 percent in two weeks, said Karin Karlsson, a spokeswoman for Renault Sweden.
Airbnb itself has partnered with Tesla Motors Inc. to offer dozens of free charging stations to top hosts, who hope to attract EV drivers as customers.
Scattered charging
The hodgepodge of private charging stations has led to problems, however.
Different EVs have different standards and can't always plug in to all charging infrastructure (ClimateWire, Aug. 1). For example, the top-selling electric car, the Leaf, can't access Tesla's network of Superchargers around the country. It can take 30 minutes to several hours to get a full charge, depending on the level of charging -- not always convenient when on a road trip.
To me, it's a sharing network: If I need it, they'll be there, and if they need it, I'll be there. John Hagler, who shares his EV charger with needy drivers.
It took Thomson two hours to charge in Madera. At his next pit stop, a campground where he paid $20 to hook up to a recreational vehicle plug, it took eight.
For Ashley Horvat, PlugShare's vice president for strategic initiatives, the private individuals offering up their home charging stations for public use highlight what's wrong with current EV charging infrastructure: It's scattered.
"When you're stuck somewhere and you see that there's someone who has a charger, that's a great opportunity," she said. "But it's not going to be a replacement for public charging."
She said PlugShare was planning its own infrastructure network made up of fast-chargers along highways. The private company would be competing with utilities, many of whom are starting to build up charging stations to persuade people to buy EVs, and a handful of other charging networks.
"We want to fill in the gaps to provide more reliable infrastructure that's more strategically planned," Horvat said.
To charge or not to charge
Most users sharing their charging stations -- sometimes not more sophisticated than a wall outlet -- are clean technology enthusiasts. John Hagler, a retiree in Madera and the man Thomson called in his emergency, powers his house with rooftop solar panels and has two electric vehicles of his own.
"To me, it's a sharing network: If I need it, they'll be there, and if they need it, I'll be there," he said.
Having solar panels also makes sharing electricity with a stranger conveniently free, he said. Some PlugShare users charge a couple of bucks or a per-hour rate for the parking spot, but few people are making money.
"This is more of an educational tool to bust the myth of the price of electricity," said Sven Thesen, a chemical engineer turned "EV evangelist" in Palo Alto. He has what he calls the nation's first custom-made curbside charging station, which he showed off at a recent ride-and-drive event. Hundreds of people have come to charge for free. Regular Michelle Goree, 45, who drives in from Antioch every day, said it's "saved" her because there are no open stations near her workplace.
Last year, Thesen said he got $450 in donations and a couple of bottles of wine, enough to about cover the total cost of the electricity used.
But the new world of EV charging is raising real questions about reselling electricity.
More than a dozen states have passed legislation exempting resellers of electricity from being regulated as a utility, which allows them to charge per kilowatt-hour. The business model elsewhere is still unclear. Nissan and Tesla, which have built their own fast-charging stations, are offering free access to the network to new drivers for the first years. Some charging networks, like Blink, charge a per-kWh rate, but others, like ChargePoint, charge by time spent at the station.
Thomson said he probably wouldn't do the electric road trip again until it became more convenient.
"It was a fun trip for sure, but challenging," he said. "There just needs to be more fast-charging stations in the Central Valley."
Advertisement
Share 8 Pin 330 Shares
By Guest Columnist PAUL MCLENNAN, a retired member of Amalgamated Transit Union Local 732, co-host of WRFG's Labor Forum and human rights activist
With the closing of a major interstate in the heart of the city, Atlanta is facing a major transportation crisis. Traffic came to a standstill. Some parked their cars on side streets and chose to walk miles to get home. Schools have been closed. Workers must spend longer hours in their commute. Businesses and productivity will take a huge hit.
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed's response was to tell people to, “get your MARTA maps out.” The members of Amalgamated Transit Union Local 732, who have been moving people in this city for more than 100 years, are once again being called upon to provide the necessary service of public transportation that now an additional number of people will be depending on in the weeks and perhaps months ahead.
Is this crisis new for our community? Unfortunately, the answer is no. Three years ago, on Jan. 28, 2014, the entire region was paralyzed by a few inches of snow and ice. Interstates were turned into parking lots. Children were stranded at school or on school buses. Drivers reported commutes more than 15 or 20 hours long. Abandoned cars were everywhere. Thousands spent the night in stores and restaurants.
In response to that day, the Amalgamated Transit Union issued a statement, “A Snowy Day in Georgia – Wanted: Transportation Choices.” The paper outlined that the blame for the paralysis that day and for the gridlock we will now experience with today's crisis. Blame, the report determined, “can be found in the decisions our region made more than four decades before … Atlanta has no transportation choices. Public transportation is simply not an option for the majority of the area's 6 million residents.”
Why isn't MARTA a truly “metropolitan” system? Why does it only serve three counties? Why is it the largest transit system in the country that receives no operating help from the state? Why are only Fulton, DeKalb and Clayton counties, and the city of Atlanta, expected to support and pay for a system that services the economic engine of the entire state? Why is there such a large gap between the riders who depend on MARTA and the jobs that are often located so far away in the suburbs? It is way overdue for these questions to be answered and solutions found to this problem.
The short answer to all these questions is the systemic racism to be found under the Gold Dome, in addition to the communities that have refused to join MARTA and pay their fair share to the core regional system we must have. MARTA receives, essentially, no state funding. Yet state lawmakers who enabled MARTA retained enormous control over MARTA's fiscal policy by requiring that no more than 50 percent of revenues be spent on operations. This was amended only in 2015, after draconian service reductions related to sharp drops in sales tax collections in the wake of the Great Recession.
Suburban counties have created their own transit systems, rather than joining MARTA and helping to pay for, and grow, the regional transit system we must have. In 2004, Robert Bullard, at Clark Atlanta's Environmental Justice Resource Center, attributed this environment to race relations: “Until racism is reined in, the Atlanta region will continue to have a patchwork of unlinked, uncoordinated, and ‘separate but unequal' transit systems feeding into and feeding off of MARTA.”
In its paper, the ATU called on the General Assembly to address our state's mobility crisis in three ways:
“Create a dedicated revenue source for public transportation to maintain critical service that keeps people connected to their community;
“Provide adequate funding for transit so that people have an alternative to driving to work;
“Abolish laws restricting the use of local transit dollars to avoid service cuts and fare increases.”
In the coming days, the members of ATU will step up, as they always have, to do their jobs. It's time for politicians in this state to do the same.
Note to readers: Paul McLennan is active in human rights issues including immigrant/refugee, disability rights, affordable housing and accessible housing.
1953: Sweet rationing ends in Britain
Children all over Britain have been emptying out their piggy-banks and heading straight for the nearest sweet-shop as the first unrationed sweets went on sale today.
Toffee apples were the biggest sellers, with sticks of nougat and liquorice strips also disappearing fast.
One firm in Clapham Common gave 800 children 150lbs of lollipops during their midday break from school; and a London factory opened its doors to hand out free sweets to all comers.
Adults joined in the sugar frenzy, with men in the City queuing up in their lunch breaks to buy boiled sweets and to enjoy the luxury of being able to buy 2lb boxes of chocolates to take home for the weekend.
Stocks 'sufficient'
The government and manufacturers have been quick to reassure the public that there would be no repeat of the first attempt to de-ration sweets, in April 1949, when demand far outstripped supply and they were put back on ration after just four months.
This time, the Minister of Food, Major Gwilym Lloyd-George, has told the House of Commons that he has no doubt that stocks are sufficient. He has ordered a one-off allocation of extra sugar to manufacturers to help them meet the anticipated surge in demand.
Sugar still rationed
Sugar itself, though, still remains rationed, and manufacturers say the Ministry of Food should have freed sugar supplies as well as those of sweets and chocolate.
As it is, they will have to make enough sweets to meet the demand of a de-rationed market, but with only 54% of the sugar supplies they had before the war.
However, overall the industry gave a warm welcome to the news. "We are very glad about it," said a spokesman for the Cocoa, Chocolate and Confectionery Alliance. "We will do all we can to make it work."
So far, despite the heavy sales, there have been no signs of panic buying, even though there are already shortages of the most popular brands.
One reason may be that the price of confectionery has nearly doubled during the war, and many have not been taking up their full 6oz ration.
Sweet coupons, though, will be with us for some time yet: it takes so long to print all 50m ration books that next year's have been designed already, sweet ration and all.
This seems such an odd topic from the start, but I thought it's worth revisiting in celebration of today's 50th anniversary of John Glenn's orbital flight around the earth. John Glenn and Scott Carpenter (who will be celebrating his own 50th anniversary in May) are the last surviving members of the original seven astronauts of NASA's Project Mercury. Though two other Russian cosmonauts had orbital flights before his, John Glenn's flight was America's first and its success changed the momentum of the race to the moon to America's favor.
Looking back 50 years, I am always amazed at the significant advances mankind has made as a result of the space race with Soviet Russia — calculators, computers, internet, among many. Mankind seems to excel when in competition, whether at war, in commerce or in the arts. The rudimentary equipment half a century ago could not even compare with the precision of our digital age. Many of the technologies we now take for granted were pioneered by the men and women of Project Mercury. Those that followed in their wake made American pre-eminence in technology possible.
Space travel was a fascination for me long after the Mercury astronauts had made their mark in history. I was only aware of them through later documentaries. As a young boy in the 60's, there was certainly the thrill of watching the spaceships blast off to space. Yet, I was more keenly interested in the splash down when the capsule plunges into the sea on its return trip. There was that unexplainable excitement at seeing the helicopters hover around the capsule to retrieve the astronaut and the tiny space capsule. What seemed odd at time were the other helicopters hovering around with sharpshooters on board. It wasn't till later when I got interested in sharks that I learned why.
So, this is my “Shark's Tale' for you. And it's not about saving the shark from extinction, who got bitten lately or about shark fin soup. Before I tell you the rest of the story, I would like to tell you a little bit more about shark repellents first.
Between sports fishing, by-catch from longline fishing and the Chinese penchant for shark's fin soup, mankind has devastated the world's shark population to the point that sharks are becoming endangered. But the fear of sharks remains with us. It is a visceral fear. More people die of bee stings than shark bites. With bears or lions, the fear is also there, but tempered by the fact that we can always carry a gun, can run off in a jeep or simply hide inside a house. With sharks the fear is magnified because there is really not much one can do in the water if the shark decides to take a bite, mostly by mistaking us for a seal or a big fish dinner.
In North America prior to 1916, there was never a fear of sharks simply because there had been no documentation of sharks attacking human beings in temperate waters. In 1891 Hermann Oelrichs, a banker/adventurer, even put up a reward for anyone who can document a shark attack in the temperate waters of North America. Everything changed in 1916, detailed in Richard Fernicola's book entitled “Twelve Days of Terror,” when, in over a span of just 12 days, four people along of the shores of New Jersey were killed by a shark, most likely a bull shark rather than a Great White (a story that inspired Peter Benchley's book, “Jaws.”)
The idea of a shark repellent was not new. It was suggested way back in 1895. However, serious work on the idea started with the US Navy during World War II when airmen and sailors inevitably find themselves in shark infested waters. The sinking of USS Indianapolis, a destroyer that carried the atomic bomb to the tiny Pacific island of Tinian, by a Japanese torpedo made that need imperative. The mission was so secret then that no SOS signal was transmitted even as the ship sank with over a 1,000 sailors in the water. When they were finally rescued 4 days later, only 316 remained alive, the rest were eaten by sharks.
The Navy developed a shark repellent, called the “Shark Chaser.” It was ineffective, yet given to sailors more for morale to allay fears of sharks rather than as a true protection. Shark research continued after the war through the Office of Naval Research (ONR) through the 1960's with not much success either.
Eugenie Clark, a world renowned shark expert, discovered in the 70's that a flat fish in the Red Sea, aptly called Mose's sole (Pardachirus marmoratus), can repel sharks. Sharks have a powerful bite and when committed to a potential meal, would not likely stop. When the fish is about to be bitten, the shark stops at mid bite and run's off like a scared rabbit. It was found later on that the flat fish has glands along its sides that secrete a venomous cocktail of peptides and steroidal compounds, presumably not meant to frighten sharks, but to repel/stun organsims as it glides along the sandy bottom of the Red Sea. It is the Mose's sole's fast food drive-in! Like our quick trip to McDonald's for a fish sandwich.
When purified, this 33 amino acid peptide repellent was called pardaxin, a term coined by Naftali Primor, an Israeli scientist funded at the time through ONR, working in one of the laboratories at New York University. As my research team at NYU Medical Center tended to work long hours, Naftali often came by for a short visit at night, the first time to get some of our ‘extra' mice for his pet snakes. We talked often about sharks, snakes, Israel and Chinese food. During this period, he was able to demonstrate pardaxin's mechanism of action. This peptide creates pore channels through the gill membrane that causes a sudden rush of sodium ions through the gills. Likely, it is perceived by the shark as an ‘unpleasant” or perhaps a painful experience. Naftali used to go out to the fishing port in Montauk Point at the end of Long Island to remove gills from sharks caught by fishermen. It took a day's hard work to get enough for his research. One night, he came back totally disgusted and exhausted. The cooler was just open for a moment and seagulls rushed to eat all the shark gills he collected. By then my interest in pardaxin got stimulated. Yours truly‘s contribution to shark science was helping him dissect late into the night the opercular cells out of the killifish, Fundulus heteroclitus, to use a model system to validate the concept. Certainly beats hanging around fishing ports for shark gills and fighting off seagulls! He told me one night jokingly that Orientals are the ones with the patience for this kind of work. I just chuckled because I knew he was right!
My real interest was to develop a gadget, a release mechanism that would enable dispersion of pardaxin or pardaxin-like analogues around the person in water upon seeing the shark. Great idea, if we only had enough repellent. I did manage to develop a prototype for the device that still sits on my desk till now with many fond memories. But, back then the cost of synthesizing the active compound and the liability issues (if the person who have the device got bitten) in a litigious society like the United States made the project at that time quite daunting.
Naftali eventually returned to Israel, but continues to work on venoms. This time his interest is turned on to new exciting research on the analgesic effects of small peptides from snake venoms. This new concept, called Zep3, is a promising technology for relief of chronic pain and treatment of various skin disorders, such as those caused HSV viruses. This scientific adventure started me on the path of studies on repellents, leading to the development of barnacle and insect repellents called MR08. All these new body of work and long-term friendship started on a chance meeting at the corridor of NYU Medical Center 25 years ago.
There had been continuing work on repellents from many other scientists. That pardaxin also behave like surfactants led to new work on molecules, like SDS (sodium dodecyl sulfate), that can ward off sharks. SDS did not meet the Navy requirement of a non-directional surrounding cloud-type repellent at 100 parts per billion. It would require a barrel full of SDS to ward off sharks around a single person. It is likely useful as directional type repellent where one squirts directly on an oncoming shark. Not likely a viable option for a swimmer in panic. Other products include the Shark Shield, a Navy led research on bag type product with a floats where one climbed inside to avoid being detected by shark. There is also a similar concept of bubbles created around a swimmer to deter sharks. There is always of course the shark cage to hide into. A patent was issued for the Shark Stopper, an acoustic device to ward off sharks. wetsuits with surface patterns to mask the silhouette of a man underwater are also being developed. More promising areas of work these days involve semiochemicals, associated with decaying shark carcasses (Shark Defense Technologies) that act as small molecule messengers that modulate shark behavior.
JFK and the Mercury astronauts
Consider this scenario: America sends a daring young astronaut, the cream of the crop of military pilots (immortalized in the book and movie entitled ‘The Right Stuff'), the best among the best, in a spaceship to outer space at a cost of billions of dollars in today's money; against all odds, the ship survives re-entry and the tiny capsule comes back to Earth, lands in the ocean; the astronaut comes out alive from the tiny space capsule, swims to be rescued and then eaten by a shark in full view of journalist and shown on live television all over the world! This was President John F. Kennedy's and NASA's nightmare scenario; hence, the sharpshooters on board the helicopters.
The image of an astronaut being eaten by shark was not out of irrational fear and dark imagination. Prior unmanned space capsules brought of out the water occasionally had embedded shark teeth on the heat shielding tiles. Like all ships of the period, Project Mercury's Friendship 7 came with standard military survival kit and included a shark repellent device that shoots out of the capsule ahead of splash down.
Years after my shark science with Naftali, I reluctantly went with my wife one night to attend a marketing conference in Connecticut, sponsored by Arbonne, a cosmetic company. The after dinner speaker, to my great surprise, was Scott Carpenter, who recounted his days as a Mercury astronaut. In his dinner speech, he related the story of NASA's preoccupation with sharks. As the NASA-US Navy liaison officer, astronaut Scott Carpenter took the NASA- approved shark repellent device and sent it to the Navy's shark experts for validation testing. Scott related that as he was preparing to embark on his first space trip, he received a letter from the shark experts essentially saying that “the electronic shark chaser device was interesting with all the lights and sounds, but appeared to be mildly effective against sharks in either the on or off positions!” Later, after the Mercury Mission, Scott became part of the Sealab Program to develop underwater living habitats — the only austronaut who also became an aquanaut.
As we celebrate John Glenn's and Scott Carpenter's 50th anniversaries of their space flights, America should be grateful that JFK's nightmare of his astronauts being eaten by sharks never came to pass.
The most eloquent sentence in space travel to date was by Scott Carpenter before Friendship 7's lift-off: “God speed John Glenn”
Jonathan R. Matias
Poseidon Sciences Group
www.poseidonsciences.com [email protected]
Dedicated to my children who are on their own unique adventures.
References:
Lazarovici P, Primor N, Loew LM Purification and Pore Forming Activity of Two Hydrophobic Polypeptides from the Secretion of the Red Sea Moses Sole (Pardachirus marmoratus). J Biol Chem. 1986. 261:16704-167123
Primor N. Pardaxin produces sodium influx in the teleost gill-like opearcular epithelia. J exp Biol. 1983. 105:83094
Primor N. Pharyngeal cavity and the gills are the target organ for the repellent action of pardaxin in shark. Experientia. 1985. 15: 693-695
Primor N, et al. Toxicity to fish, effect on gill ATPase and gill ultrastructural changes induced by Pardachirus secretion and its derived toxin pardaxin. J exp Biol. 1980. 211:33-43
Sisneros JA,Nelson DR. Surfactants as chemical shark repellents: past, present and future. Environmental Biology of Fishes. 2001. 60:117-129
http://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/a/-/breaking/12848556/experts-work-on-wetsuit-to-outwit-sharks/
http://news.yahoo.com/john-glenn-reunites-50-old-mercury-team-022029804.html
http://www.scottcarpenter.com/sealab.htm
http://www.collectspace.com/ubb/Forum29/HTML/000375.html
http://sharkdefense.com/Repellents/repellents.html
http://the.honoluluadvertiser.com/article/2005/Aug/22/ln/FP508220336.html
http://onlineissues.wherewhenhow.com/article/Dive+Training+Shark+Repellent/866010/85272/article.html
http://www.mach25media.com/bookspacious.html
http://www.scottcarpenter.com
Thursday has seen delays at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris, but this time no cancellations.
More than 250 police and gendarmes were brought in to carry out checks on passengers, on the seventh day of a security staff strike that has caused serious disruption.
No fewer than three ministers were sent to Paris airport to oversee the operation to deploy them.
“Today we've deployed police at Roissy to do the job of security and surveillance work,” said the Prime Minister François Fillon, during a visit to northern France. “Everyone must understand that we cannot take passengers hostage during the Christmas season, it's just unacceptable.”
Unions demonstrated at the airport against the refusal by employers to agree to demands for pay rises of up to 200 euros a month, as well as better conditions.
“Instead of finding a solution to the conflict, they send in police to replace the unfortunate security officers who went on strike,” said Frédéric Delamarre of the CGT Brinks union.
“Whether it is the police or the people whose job it is normally, it does not bother me,” said one middle-aged male passenger.
“As long as I have my flight and I can go home for Christmas, it's fine,” said a young female traveller.
Talks were suspended on Thursday but are set to continue. French airport unions are planning more action in the near future to protest against government plans to regulate strikes.
Meanwhile, the fallout from a Belgian transport strike stretched to London, where Eurostar trains to Brussels have been forced to terminate at Lille in northern France.
STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - All four members of supergroup ABBA appeared together on Friday at the Swedish premiere of the film “Mamma Mia!”, delighting fans with their first public showing for years.
Abba members Agnetha Faltskog (2nd L) and Anni-Frid Lyngstad (2nd R) pose with cast members Meryl Streep (L) and Christine Baranski during the premiere of the motion picture version of the musical 'Mamma Mia' in Stockholm, July 4, 2008. REUTERS/Bob Strong
Benny Andersson, Bjorn Ulvaeus, Anni-Frid Lyngstad — known as Frida — and Agnetha Faltskog walked down the red carpet at a Stockholm movie theatre to the cheers of several thousand fans.
The movie follows “Mamma Mia!” the musical, which toured worldwide and features 22 ABBA songs, including “Dancing Queen,” “Take a Chance on Me” and “The Winner Takes It All”.
The foursome, who shot to fame when they won the 1974 Eurovision Song Contest, last performed together in public in 1986, although there were reports they sang together at a private birthday party for a friend in 1999.
They were once reported to have been offered $1 billion to reunite for a concert tour.
At the film premiere, Agnetha and Frida embraced with actress Meryl Streep, posing for pictures before the three did a dance together. Moments later, all four band members appeared on the theatre balcony.
They stood together with Streep, Pierce Brosnan, Colin Firth and other members of the Mamma Mia! cast.
At news conferences, Streep, Brosnan and Firth enthused about ABBA's music while discussing the challenges of singing and wearing figure-hugging Spandex costumes for their roles.
“Once I started singing I kind of rather enjoyed it,” Brosnan, better known for James Bond films than musicals, said. “The Spandex was a bit of a challenge and the boots were. But I had the time of my life making this movie.”
SINGING ABILITY
Co-star Firth, star of two “Bridget Jones's Diary” films, said the most frightening aspects of the film were also the most motivating.
“There's an old Miles Davis quote which I've always cherished, which is ‘Don't play what you know, play what you don't know',” Firth said.
Ulvaeus had high praise for the actors' vocal abilities. “Most of them don't think they can sing, but they can, I assure you.”
The Spandex outfits were a different matter.
“You're going to get bulges that you didn't want and not really developments you did want,” said Firth, who performed as Mr. Darcy in the BBC mini-series of “Pride and Prejudice”.
Streep said she had been excited by the prospect of singing since she had performed in high school musicals such as “Oklahoma!”.
Slideshow (4 Images)
“That was my beginning so it was kind of like coming home to the thing that I loved very, very much,” she said.
Asked to name her favorite ABBA song, Streep said:
“I couldn't say. I honestly don't have a favorite song. It's like saying which of your children is your favorite, which of your movies is your favorite. I don't think of it in sports terms like that.”
Members of Congress are falling over one another to show their support for Israel.
While much of the rest of the world watches the Gaza war in horror and scrambles for a ceasefire, U.S. lawmakers are pressing the Obama administration to take no action that puts pressure on Israel to halt its military operations.
Many even have criticized the administration's effort to stop the violence that has killed more than 1,100 Palestinians, mostly civilians, and more than 50 Israeli soldiers and three civilians this month.
Story continues below advertisement
"At times like this, people try to isolate Israel," House Speaker John Boehner said Monday. "We are here to stand with Israel, not just as a broker or observer but as a strong partner and a trusted ally.
"What does that mean? Well, it doesn't mean issuing vague, on-the-one-hand, on-the-other-hand statements. No, it means backing up our words and showing solidarity with our friend."
This week, legislators will discuss a $225 million request from the Defence Department to urgently bolster Israel's Iron Dome missile defence system.
Republicans and Democrats are clashing over whether to approve the funds in a larger spending bill or separately, though no one publicly opposes the payments. Senate appropriators already have approved doubling next year's money for the system.
Whereas the Obama administration and lawmakers agree on Iron Dome, other actions in Congress are more contentious.
Until Monday, Sen. Ted Cruz was hindering the appointment of several U.S. ambassadors to key allies by vowing to block all State Department nominees awaiting confirmation.
The Texas Republican said he was releasing his holds after the Federal Aviation Administration answered his questions about its 36-hour ban last week on U.S. airline flights to Israel. Cruz had claimed the prohibition was an "economic boycott" of Israel to pressure it into a cease-fire with the Palestinian militant group Hamas.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In a weekend call with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, President Barack Obama stressed the need for an "immediate, unconditional, humanitarian cease-fire." Obama, a White House statement said, suggested larger questions would then come later.
Such talk has alarmed lawmakers of both parties.
In a letter last week to Obama, Democratic Sens. Chuck Schumer and Ben Cardin, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham, said a cease-fire must eliminate Hamas' ability to fire rockets into Israel and place no restrictions on the Jewish state.
"Israel must be allowed to take any actions necessary to remove those threats," the senators wrote — a position that presaged by two days the Israeli government's unanimous rejection of Secretary of State John Kerry's cease-fire proposal.
Over days of intense diplomacy, Kerry has tried to secure commitments from both sides that would lead to peace. Congress, by contrast, has focused its energies on Palestinian actions and critics of Israel.
Cardin and Graham joined three Republican senators — Marco Rubio of Florida, Mark Kirk of Illinois and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire — in sending a sharply worded letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon after he described Israel's military operations as an "atrocious action."
Story continues below advertisement
House Reps. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, a Republican, have a resolution condemning Hamas' use of human shields. Cruz, a Republican, and Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, a Democratic.
Republican Sen. Rand Paul, a potential 2016 presidential candidate, formerly the bane of the Israel lobby for suggesting a U.S. aid cutoff, has said no one should question Israel's actions in a time of war.
The ebullient bipartisan support for Israel is also leading many House and Senate members to rev up their opposition to the Obama administration's nuclear negotiations with Iran.
Those talks were extended through November after a series of meetings in Vienna earlier this month that coincided with the first week of fighting between Israel and Hamas.
Israel opposes any nuclear deal that would ease pressure on Iran while allowing it to maintain a uranium enrichment program.
As part of the extension, Tehran is gaining access to $2.8 billion in Iranian funds that have been frozen in overseas bank accounts.
Story continues below advertisement
Kirk, Ayotte and fellow Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas last week proposed a series of conditions on the money.
Their bill demands Obama block transfers until he certifies the money won't fund terrorism, nuclear or ballistic weapons development, or human rights violations. It would be almost impossible for Obama to certify those elements. The administration has rejected similar efforts as attempts to derail diplomacy.
Several Republican senatorsval for any deal with Iran, or even another negotiating extension.
Not to be outdone, Cruz filed his own Iran bill.
Calling the talks a "historic mistake," the same description Netanyahu has used, Cruz seeks the reinstatement of all Iran sanctions suspended in the diplomatic effort. He'd block funding for any U.S.-Iran talks undertaken without Congress' approval.
Senate and House panels were holding hearings on the Iran diplomacy Tuesday. Wendy Sherman, the State Department's negotiator, and David Cohen, the Treasury Department's sanctions chief, were to testify.
The San Antonio Spurs announced Monday morning that they have recalled Danny Green, Bryn Forbes and Dejounte Murray from the D-League Austin Spurs.
The decision comes just a day after the group was sent to Austin, which would be consistent with the Spurs' modus operandi of sending guys down for a Austin Spurs practice (or game) and then bringing them back immediately afterwards.
It could also point to the impending return of Green, who has missed the first seven games of the season with a left quad strain.
The Spurs host Houston Wednesday night in San Antonio.
[Editor's Note: With all the bouncing back and forth of Murray and Forbes that's to be expected this season, we will continue to publish these updates, but will likely be removing them from the front page as the repetitive nature of these moves could make them overly redundant. - J.R. Wilco]
Lyrics Edit
English version and other re-recordings Edit
The English version retains the spirit of the original narrative, but many of the lyrics are translated poetically rather than directly translated: red helium balloons are casually released by the civilian singer (narrator) with her unnamed friend into the sky and are registered as missiles by a faulty early warning system; the balloons are mistaken for military aircraft which results in panic and eventually nuclear war.[6] From the outset Nena and other members of the band expressed disapproval for the English version of the song, "99 Red Balloons". In March 1984, the band's keyboardist and song co-writer Uwe Fahrenkrog Petersen said, "We made a mistake there. I think the song loses something in translation and even sounds silly."[7] In another interview that month the band including Nena herself were quoted as being "not completely satisfied" with the English version since it was "too blatant" for a group not wishing to be seen as a protest band.[8] Despite having given in excess of 500 concerts over a period of more than 30 years, Nena has never sung "99 Red Balloons" live, even at her rare concerts in England, always performing the German version instead.[9][not in citation given] There have been two re-recordings of the original German version of the song that have been released by Nena: a modern version in 2002, which was included on Nena feat. Nena (2002),[10] and a retro version in 2009,[11] which included some verses in French. Live recordings of the song are included on all seven of Nena's live albums, dating from 1995 to 2018.[12][13][14] A special edit that combined the English and German versions of the song was played on American Top 40 with Casey Kasem for the week of 24 March 1984 (Program #814-12).[15] A version of this song with Spanish lyrics, Mi Globo Azul (English: 'My Blue Balloon'), was recorded by the Mexican band, Timbiriche in 1985.
Reception Edit
Music video Edit
The promotional video, which was originally made for the Dutch music programme TopPop and broadcast on 13 March 1983, was shot in a Dutch military training camp, the band performing the song on a stage in front of a backdrop of fires and explosions provided by the Dutch Army. Towards the end of the video, the band are seen taking cover and abandoning the stage, which was unplanned and genuine since they believed the explosive blasts were getting out of control.[21] VH1 Classic, an American cable television station, ran a charity event for Hurricane Katrina relief in 2006. Viewers who made donations were allowed to choose which music videos the station would play. One viewer donated $35,000 for the right to program an entire hour and requested continuous play of "99 Luftballons" and "99 Red Balloons" videos. The station broadcast the videos as requested from 2:00 to 3:00 pm EST on 26 March 2006.[22][23]
Chart positions Edit
See also Edit
You can have the most incredible, dedicated cast and crew in the world, the best equipment, and an Oscar-worthy script, but if you don't have places to actually film, none of that matters. Luckily, it can be easier than you might realize to scrape together adequate locations to bring your concept to life.
First, a reminder from my column about pre-production, relating to the considerations you should keep in mind when scouting potential locations:
Have you seen the location during the time of day you will be filming? Scouting is so, so important, meaning that you take your director and, preferably, your sound person and DP, on a tour of the location to get everyone on the same page and to experience what a day of shooting might look like. Sometimes, a location is great, but there isn't enough space for a tripod, or there's a particularly loud exercise group nearby at the exact time you'd want to film your scenes.
Scouting is so, so important, meaning that you take your director and, preferably, your sound person and DP, on a tour of the location to get everyone on the same page and to experience what a day of shooting might look like. Sometimes, a location is great, but there isn't enough space for a tripod, or there's a particularly loud exercise group nearby at the exact time you'd want to film your scenes. How easy is this location to get to? How close to public transportation is it, or is there sufficient parking availability?
How close to public transportation is it, or is there sufficient parking availability? Is there ambient sound that will cause problems? This means everything from crowds to a refrigerator you can't turn off, to traffic, to a construction site nearby.
This means everything from crowds to a refrigerator you can't turn off, to traffic, to a construction site nearby. Is there enough space for the camera and crew? Remember, there will be quite a few people behind the camera as well as in front of it, all of whom need to be hidden from view. Sometimes these problems can be addressed if you're able to move the furniture around to accommodate, but if the space isn't yours, ALWAYS ASK.
Remember, there will be quite a few people behind the camera as well as in front of it, all of whom need to be hidden from view. Sometimes these problems can be addressed if you're able to move the furniture around to accommodate, but if the space isn't yours, ALWAYS ASK. Where is the nearest bathroom? This is especially a concern for outdoor shoots.
This is especially a concern for outdoor shoots. Is there another area nearby you can use for “holding?” Holding is just an area, preferably away from where the actual filming is taking place, for cast and crew to hang out when they're not needed. Even during breaks, try to take them away from set, otherwise, you risk production design or continuity.
Holding is just an area, preferably away from where the actual filming is taking place, for cast and crew to hang out when they're not needed. Even during breaks, try to take them away from set, otherwise, you risk production design or continuity. Will this location be available again for reshoots or for multiple shooting days? You'll frequently end up filming multiple days in a single location, so you need to make sure a location is available for as long as you actually need it.
You'll frequently end up filming multiple days in a single location, so you need to make sure a location is available for as long as you actually need it. How much control do you have over the space? Can you control lighting/rearrange furniture/put up posters and set decorations? Can you redirect traffic or tell people in other rooms to pipe down? Does one need licenses or other approval for outdoor scenes? Do they need to be prepared to lie to cops? The more control you have over the variables, the better a location is going to be. Otherwise, you better be good at improv.
Make a list
location: my main character's dorm, aka my actual bedroom
Before you start your scouting adventure, sit down with your principal production people, the people most involved in the planning and organizing of the shoot, and make a list of all the locations you already have available to you for free. This list will usually include:
Everyone's apartments/houses (remember to clear shooting dates with roommates to avoid trapping people in or out of the house who aren't involved in the project)
Everyone's backyards (if you live somewhere where people have backyards)
School or university classrooms and exteriors
Nearby public parks or quiet streets
Then, start thinking a little more creatively- are you a regular at a local establishment, like a restaurant, bar, or cafe? Do you think you could sweet-talk the owners into letting you film there for a little while, perhaps in exchange for using their logo in the project? What about where you work- can you ask your boss if you can come in early or stay late in order to use the office, or an underused conference room, or the parking lot?
You should also ask friends and trusted cast members for use of their apartments. Don't ask cast members you don't know as well, because sometimes talent can see this as a mark of an unprofessional production. But if your BFF is one of your actors, no reason you can't ask for a favor!
Next, make a second list of locations that may cost a little bit but still won't break the bank. Many creators utilize AirBnB because you can often find a variety of places for small daily fees- just make sure you let the renters know that you'll be filming.
Once you have this list, it becomes a lot easier to develop new projects, as well as start to match scenes in your script to potential filming locations.
Transfiguration
Location: grad school hallway, dressed to look like it went through an apocalypse.
You'd be surprised how a little bit of furniture rearranging, creative production design, and a slightly different camera angle can turn one room into a variety of seemingly different locations. Especially when you're short on cash, time, and resources, turning one location into several will make your job so much easier.
For instance, Kate Hackett @HackettKate , creator and star of Classic Alice, used a single AirBnB location for most of her episodes, even though the characters were allegedly in a variety of different bedrooms, apartments, and even houses. Similarly, Jules Pigott @threeminutesfast , creator of Like, As It Is (based on Shakespeare's “As You Like It”), Twelfth Grade (or Whatever) (based on Shakespeare's “Twelfth Night”), The Uncanny Upshurs, and The Emma Agenda (based on Jane Austen's “Emma”), has used her bedroom at her parent's house for every single one of her shows, rearranging furniture and adding different production design elements to mask this. She also uses other rooms in the same house to fake dorm hallways, dorm kitchens, and other interior locations.
Sometimes, though, it's as simple as turning the camera around, pretending one half of the location is a bedroom and the other half is a living room. As long as you stay along a 180-degree axis, the audience is never the wiser.
Get Guerilla With It
Location: Prospect Park. Guerilla filming made us a new friend! A gross worm.
When you're shooting in public, you're supposed to pay for insurance and for permission. This is “non-negotiable” and it's “extremely irresponsible” to skip this step, even if your project is funded entirely on passion and dreams.
Stareable and myself are by no means liable if you get in trouble, and we take no responsibility for how you choose to proceed, but here are some tips if you, in fact, choose to skip this step.
As long as you're careful, out of the way, and not blocking traffic, crowds, or other activities, you can film basically anywhere. This comes with its own problems, of course: you'll have less control over the area, there will be more sound issues, people will constantly be walking into or near your shots that you might not want, etc. But it's not impossible, and you'll probably get a lot of production value out of filming away from your bedroom.
Some rules of thumb:
Be careful where you use/ if you use a tripod. Some locations and cities have laws again “sticks on the ground” in terms of filming, meaning that if you're holding the camera, you're in the clear, but as soon as you put down the tripod, you're technically breaking a law. If you're far enough off the beaten path or away from foot and vehicle traffic, you're usually fine, but it's definitely something to research.
Some locations and cities have laws again “sticks on the ground” in terms of filming, meaning that if you're holding the camera, you're in the clear, but as soon as you put down the tripod, you're technically breaking a law. If you're far enough off the beaten path or away from foot and vehicle traffic, you're usually fine, but it's definitely something to research. Pack as light as possible , because you're trying to be discreet. You probably won't need lighting equipment, and you might not even need a tripod and have a dedicated person to look after the bags somewhere nearby so you can run-it-and-gun-it.
, because you're trying to be discreet. You probably won't need lighting equipment, and you might not even need a tripod and have a dedicated person to look after the bags somewhere nearby so you can run-it-and-gun-it. Scout in advance , and try to take note of when the busiest times are so you can avoid them. For parks, try not to film on weekends, or if you have to, find the areas of the parks that are usually quieter and aren't on the way to or from anywhere.
, and try to take note of when the busiest times are so you can avoid them. For parks, try not to film on weekends, or if you have to, find the areas of the parks that are usually quieter and aren't on the way to or from anywhere. Get there early . Earlier than you would usually show up, since you aren't scheduled to be there and have a bit more time flexibility, just in case. When filming the pilot for my show, thank god we arrived early, because a bike race was taking place exactly where we'd planned to film an apocalypse scene, and we had to do some quick re-scouting to ensure we'd still get our shots.
. Earlier than you would usually show up, since you aren't scheduled to be there and have a bit more time flexibility, just in case. When filming the pilot for my show, thank god we arrived early, because a bike race was taking place exactly where we'd planned to film an apocalypse scene, and we had to do some quick re-scouting to ensure we'd still get our shots. Be respectful. You're using these areas for free, without permission, and other people have as much right to be there as you and your crew. If you need to ask someone to be quiet for a shot or to move their family reunion two feet to the left (yes, this actually happened), do it kindly and with the understanding that you might have to move or wait, not them.
Do you have any tips I missed or words of wisdom to impart? Let me know so we can continue spreading the love!
Dr. Casey Wardynski
Huntsville City Schools Superintendent Dr. Casey Wardynski (The Huntsville Times file)
HUNTSVILLE, Alabama - A secret program to monitor students' online activities began quietly in Huntsville schools, following a phone call from the NSA, school officials say.
Huntsville schools Superintendent Casey Wardynski says the system began monitoring social media sites 18 months ago, after the National Security Agency tipped the school district to a student making violent threats on Facebook.
One of several former Huntsville students posing with a weapon on Facebook. Taken from system documents on the SAFe program. Face and name redacted by AL.com.
The NSA, a U.S. agency responsible for foreign intelligence, this week said it has no record of a call to Huntsville and does not make calls to school systems.
Regardless of how the program started, Huntsville City Schools began scanning Facebook and other sites for signs of gang activity, watching for photos of guns, photos of gang signs and threats of violence.
The Huntsville monitoring program is called SAFe, or Students Against Fear. School board members said they did not know about the program when contacted last week.
Internal documents explaining the program, obtained by AL.com, show examples of four different students posing on Facebook with handguns. None are on school grounds. Three are listed as expelled. One was referred for counseling.
Here's the school district's explanation of how the program got started:
About a year and half ago, Wardynski said, the NSA called Huntsville and reported a high school student had threatened on Facebook to injure a teacher.
Al Lankford, the city's longtime school security officer, told AL.com that he took the NSA phone call. He said security officers went to the high school and eventually searched the boy's car.
"We found a very good size knife and the student was expelled," said Wardynski, a former U.S. Army colonel appointed as superintendent in Huntsville in 2011.
NSA did not acknowledge placing such a call. "The National Security Agency has no record that it passed any information to the Huntsville school district, and the description of what supposedly occurred is inconsistent with NSA's practices," said Vanee Vines, public affairs specialist with the NSA, on Monday.
The NSA is focused on foreign intelligence. Vines said any information about a domestic safety issue would be sent to another federal agency, like the FBI. "Moreover, NSA does not make recommendations regarding school safety programs," said Vines via email.
"There was a foreign connection," said Wardynski, explaining why the NSA would contact Huntsville schools. He said the student in Huntsville had made the online threats while chatting online with a group that included an individual in Yemen.
He said the junior, who had been an A student, was placed in the boot camp Pinnacle program and later graduated. Wardynski declined to identify the school, but said the NSA call woke him to threats on social media.
Board members Topper Birney and Laurie McCaulley, contacted for this story last week, said they were unaware of the monitoring program and the board was not briefed. The city system web site contains no operational information on SAFe, but displays a logo and lists three staff members. Those include two security officers and consultant Chris McRae.
McRae's Linked-In profile lists him as a former FBI agent. His full bio lists him as a Montgomery police officer who joined the FBI and then worked as an investigator for TVA and later the Alabama Attorney General. He began consulting with Huntsville City Schools in January.
Wardynski said the city used the SAFe program to break up a gang called the Wolfpack, with six or seven members -- all related to each other through family -- in various schools. The students were expelled and placed in alternative school and boot camp programs.
Wardynski said Huntsville schools have seen sporadic gang recruitment and what he called "wannabe" gangs. "We don't want them to get into the major league," he said.
Acting on tips from students or teachers or others, schools security staff scour numerous social media sites, including Facebook, Twitter, instagram, pinterest, and more. They look for evidence of imminent threats to the schools or of gang activity. Wardysnki said the program has led to about a dozen expulsions each year so far and that security is actively monitoring social media at all times.
"People are very good about 'If you see something, say something,'" said Wardynski.
Wardysnki said the monitoring program is limited to threats against schools, and students are expelled from neighborhood schools and placed into alternative programs. Asked if school officials are also searching online for photos of alcohol, drugs and sex, Wardynski said: "None of that."
He said the focus is on gangs, threats of violence and threats of suicide. He said the security officials may contact city police, refer students for discipline or call in mental health services.
The school system materials obtained by AL.com are dated March 19, 2014. They list Director of Operation Jeff Wilson, Director of Student Support Services Cary Grant, Lankford and McRae.
The presentation explains the practice. For example, a student at Butler High was found to have posted a photo in July of 2013 and another in January of 2014 of himself holding a handgun and a cell phone.
SAFe officials found the pictures violated the city schools' Code of Conduct, section 3.11, barring: "Knowing possession of a weapon or anything designed, made or adapted or used for the purpose of inflicting death or serious physical injury." The SAFe monitors wrote the student was "posing in a menacing manner with what appear to be weapons."
They found six other photos showing the student flashing suspected gang signs. "SAFe recommendation: Consider (student) for expulsion."
While the student was not on school grounds, and may have been 18 years old in the second photo and therefore legally allowed to possess a handgun in Alabama, Wardynski said the program is meant to identify potential dangers to the school, and not necessarily code violations on school property.
The system's presentation materials contain photos posted by three black males and one black female. Some were already in alternative programs for skipping or drinking. Wardynski said the suspected students focused on by SAFe have been more racially balanced, and the program has identified students that could pose a safety threat in every high school in the city.
Former student posing online with two guns. From system documents.
The presentation also included photos of graffiti in school halls. "Gang graffiti has potential intelligence value to HCS Security and law enforcement," reads the presentation, which says principals are urged to photograph graffiti before having it removed.
Huntsville is not alone in the practice. A company called Geo Listening watches social media for school districts including Glendale, Calif. Their web site reads: "Geo Listening's unique monitoring service will process, analyze and report the adverse social media from publicly available student posts... We align our reporting criteria with existing school district procedures and board policy as they relate to student conduct & safety."
California bill AB 1442 is this month awaiting a signature by the governor. That law would require schools to notify parents of information-collecting practices, to allow students to look at what is collected and to guarantee the information will be destroyed after a student leaves the district.
Wardynski said Huntsville is likely doing more online than other Alabama school systems, and that the system has been monitoring students "ever since we got that call from the NSA."
Updated Sept. 26 at 1:25 p.m. to restore two paragraphs removed during editing. The city's monitoring program is based on tips from students and teachers. About a dozen students have been expelled each year so far.
(Follow-up as of Sept. 25: Huntsville student explains tweets that led to spying on students)
John McGuinness has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken leg after an off in the final Superbike qualifying session at this year's Vauxhall International North West 200.
The Honda Racing rider came off at the high speed Primrose corner 25 minutes into this afternoon's qualifying session while lying 12th fastest.
The session was immediately red flagged and he was tended to by trackside medics. Reported to be up and talking, the 23-time TT winner was then taken to hospital in Belfast by ambulance accompanied by wife Becky.
TOP STORIES
“What we know at the moment is John has come off, is conscious but has hurt his leg,” team manager Jonny Twelvetrees told MCN in pit lane.
“Becky has gone in the ambulance with him and they are currently on their way to hospital in Belfast and we'll have a further update when they arrive.”
Looking for the perfect two-wheeled companion? Visit MCN Bikes For Sale website or use MCN's Bikes For Sale App.
If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my newsletter, PGPB Weekly for updates, FREE printables and weekly special offers! You can also find all our most recent posts on Facebook, Twitter, and sneak peeks of our activities and behind the scenes looks at our family life on Instagram. Please note, this post may contain affiliate links or product reviews for which we may receive compensation. For more details, please see our Terms & Conditions and Sponsors pages. Thanks for visiting!
Are you excited?!? Today marks the first activity post in our Architecture and Engineering for Preschool series! To kick things off, I turned our neglected Mega Bloks into famous monuments even my toddler and preschooler can build.
Making Monuments
During my Art History for Preschool series last year, some of our favorite reference books were 13 Artists and 13 Art Techniques Children Should Know . When I decided to explore architecture and engineering with the girls in our latest series, I was thrilled there was a similar book: 13 Buildings Children Should Know . I love this series because it provides a great introduction to the subject matter, featuring vivid images, and great historical details and context. I enjoy and get as much out of them as my kids do! In this case, the 13 famous monuments outlined were a great overview into our study of architecture.
Making Famous Monuments with Mega Bloks
To bring these historical buildings to life for the girls, I printed images of the 13 famous monuments depicted in the book, as well as a few of my personal favorites. Having grown up in San Antonio and lived in Chicago, I had to add the Alamo and Sears (now Willis) Tower to the mix.
I have compiled the images I used into a FREE printable. All my printables are available free of charge to my weekly newsletter subscribers. Upon confirmation of your subscription, you will receive a link and password to the printables landing page. I will never abuse or sell your email address, and it will only be used to send PGPB Guru Weekly to your inbox each Friday!
In addition to the Making Monuments printable, you will need a few basic supplies:
Supplies
PGPB Making Monuments Printable
Mega Bloks
Glue Dots
Xacto Knife (adults only)
Prep Time: 30-45 minutes to create Bloks puzzles
Clean-Up Time: Less than 5 minutes
Cut out each image from the printable. Then, lay out Mega Bloks on top of the image to fully cover the building.
Next, add glue dots to your Mega Bloks and affix the building image to the Bloks.
Last, use an Xacto knife to cut your image along the lines of the Mega Bloks, creating your monument puzzle pieces. If you are using this in a classroom, I would also recommend putting clear tape over each piece once they are separated to increase durability.
Toddler Architectural Wonders
In an unusual turn of events, Lil' M (age 2) was up from her nap before my preschooler and took the first crack at our Mega Bloks Monuments. She declared them to be “So cool!” and got to work disassembling, combining, and creating her own architectural wonders of the world.
Preschool Reconstruction
With Lil' M fully engrossed, once Big M (age 4) woke up, we flipped through the pages of 13 Buildings Children Should Know . I was amazed that she recognized some of the buildings, like the Great Pyramid, from Bubble Guppies, and the Eiffel Tower, from scrapbook photos of my husband and my past travels. She was super impressed when I told her we had been to Neuschwanstein Castle too.
She immediately set to work putting the monuments back in order, using the book's pictures as a reference point. The toughest one by far – Neuschwanstein!
Let's Build Up!
Want more great construction ideas for kids? This activity (and it's printable) are featured in my latest collaborative ebook: Up! It also includes 30 more Stems challenge ideas to transform your child's block play into an endless, hands-on learning center. Download your ebook today and get more than 100 pages of printables to go alongside the activities included. Get yours today from the Playground Parkbench store.
A-Z of Indoor Activities
Today, I am representing the letter ‘M' in the A-Z of Indoor Activities hosted by Crafty Kids at Home. Be sure to check out the entire series, which continues for the rest of January, featuring indoor fun from A to Z!
I was thrilled by both girls' fascination and entertainment with our first activity in my Architecture and Engineering for Kids series. They played with the Monument Mega Bloks ALL afternoon, even playing nicely together (HUGE mommy win!), and as with most activities, even brought their favorite princesses into the mix.
If you enjoyed this post, be sure to check out the rest of the series and come back every Wednesday for the next activity. Join us next week for an Architectural Scavenger Hunt! You can find all of these, as well as awesome favorites from around the web, on our STEM for Kids – Engineering board on Pinterest.
Like this? Share it – Pin THIS!
March 19th 2013
Was the 2011 census showing a decline in the Welsh Language a blip or was it a return to the long term decline that we saw throughout most of the twentieth century?
Between 1901 and 1981 the number of Welsh speakers reduced by 31%. If this trend had continued, the 2041 census would have recorded zero Welsh speakers.
The Census has no rules on how you define the ability to speak Welsh, so there are bound to be inconsistencies between Censuses as people use different definitions. For example, the percentages of children able to speak Welsh reported by the Census reflect the percentages of children learning Welsh as a second language within Welsh medium education rather than the percentages of those with substantial ability. “My three year old is attending a Welsh medium school therefore they must speak Welsh, so when I complete the Census form I tick the Welsh-speaking box”, is the reaction of many parents. And which box should I fill in? I speak Welsh everyday, including a short contribution in a National Assembly plenary session, but I have a very limited vocabulary, problems with some pronunciation and struggle with the past tense.
The question can be asked the other way around. Why, when so many regional languages e.g. Manx, Scottish Gaelic and Kernow, have all but died out, did Welsh survive in a relatively good position? William Morgan's bible and nonconformity, the Welsh chapel, acted as a bulwark against the steady forward march of the English language up until the 1980s. Also one should give credit to Cymdeithas yr Iaith Cymraeg, S4C and RHAG for promoting and defending the Welsh language.
There is no magic bullet.
For any language to survive it needs to be a language of communication. Latin was taught to a considerable number of children during the twentieth century. When was the last time Latin was spoken? What we cannot afford is to lose the transmission of the language in the home with one generation of Welsh speakers raising the next generation through the medium of Welsh. We need Welsh-speaking parents to use the language to communicate with their children and for their children to communicate with them even if, as in my household, only one parent is fluent in Welsh.
More Welsh medium schools will help but if the language never leaves the classroom then its benefit will be short term. But education is the only way to ‘produce' Welsh speakers out of children who have not learnt Welsh in the home. The challenge is for children and young people to use Welsh socially, and whilst 50 years ago this would have been done in the local chapel, today organisations like Twrw Tawe (a Welsh cultural group in my constituency) offer that opportunity to young people.
Some questions
Why is it that within my community of Morriston I am more likely to hear over 80s having a conversation in Welsh than the under 18s?
Why, as a Welsh learner, are so few fluent Welsh speakers willing to talk to me in Welsh?
Why is it that when children leave their Welsh medium school in the afternoon they, in large numbers, speak English?.
The following I believe are reasons to feel positive.
Within Swansea the 11th Welsh medium school had its official opening on March 1st which is a huge growth, considering that when my wife attended Lon Las it was the only Welsh medium primary school available to children in Swansea. It would have been the 12th school, but one Welsh medium school was closed by the administration that previously controlled Swansea Council.
The support for the Welsh language within the National Assembly for Wales and the large number of Assembly members currently learning Welsh is a very positive development. The commitment of the Welsh language minister, himself a learner, to supporting the Welsh Language is shown by the financial support from the Welsh Government for the Urdd, National Eisteddfod, Papurau Bro and Menter Iaith plus the creation of a Welsh language commissioner.
The teaching of Welsh as a second language in primary schools often leads to children being able to speak more Welsh than their parent and is increasing the number of people able to speak some Welsh. Where this teaching of Welsh as a second language is done well it is phenomenal, but unfortunately it is not done well in every school.
The challenge is to get more people using Welsh – to use a sporting analogy, use it or lose it.
So to the fluent Welsh speakers out there, try talking in simple Welsh to learners and you might help to add at least one to the number of Welsh speakers at the next Census. More Welsh medium schools and more Welsh medium cultural activities are needed. With the continued goodwill of politicians of all parties and the people of Wales the language can have a successful future.
Mike Hedges AM, Assembly Member for Swansea East.
3+
By Kyle Von Lanken Sep 5, 2015 3 min read
As most probably already know, the wonderful and terrible thing about the internet is that there is an insurmountable quantity of not only information, but also opinions and biases, just like any culture.
What some may not know is that in some deeper corners of the internet, people who are genuinely interested in Japanese culture are often mocked and ridiculed because of a stereotype that has been increasingly warping over the past 20 or so years.
In Japanese culture, a person who is very interested in a particular subject is referred to as an “otaku”. Otaku does not have an inherently bad meaning, as there are all sorts of people who focus on one particular thing they just can't get enough of, ranging from trains and electronics to models, puzzles, anime and more.
in Japan there has been a less than positive reputation for the likes of otakus
However, in Japan there has been a less than positive reputation for the likes of otakus of anime, manga and otherwise manga-esque figurines. They are oftentimes considered socially inept, reclusive individuals that cannot accept reality and thus indulge themselves in fake worlds (let's be clear that this is again, a stereotype.)
This stereotype has pervaded western countries as well, but it goes much deeper and much more unbalanced than having a poor opinion of someone just because they like anime and manga. In many places on the internet, simply expressing an interest in Japanese culture inspires many to scream out an insult all too familiar to many of us: “weeaboo”.
This term originated from a webcomic called “The Perry Bible Fellowship” several years ago and eventually ended up replacing the term “wapanese”, the former term used for westerners (namely white people from which the w at the beginning of the word originated) who were interested in Japanese culture.
The original meaning of “weeaboo” was very similar to the term “otaku” except that it was specifically for those obsessed with Japanese culture in an unhealthy way. They were considered people that for all intents and purposes, seemed to think that everything about Japan was the best and had no weak points.
Its original purpose was to poke fun at those who had a warped obsession with Japanese culture, and became a commonplace term in many online forums. However, in more recent years the term has been warped meaning-wise even further, carrying along with it the negative connotations brought about by its predecessors.
Eventually, “weeaboo” became an insult to hurl at anyone who even mentioned anything knowledgeable about Japanese culture, from Japanese pronunciation to knowledge about traditions and festivals. With the original “unhealthily obsessed with Japan” meaning gone, it has become a relentless term still used to belittle those who have chosen to be knowledgeable about Japan.
So what should a person do when met with belittlement and discrimination for having expressed any sort of interest in Japanese culture? As with any problem that has come about because of ignorance, education is important.
It should be made known that interest in a particular culture is not in itself a bad thing—it is the unrealistic ideology that the culture is the best in every aspect and can do no wrong.
However, if your efforts to educate are still met with stinging insults and an unmoving air of ignorance, it is best to ignore these types from that point on. They either have no intention of changing their minds or are internet trolls whose only purpose is getting a rise out of you.
Have you ever been called the “W” word before just from expressing some kind of knowledge or interest in Japan? I would love to hear your personal experiences.
The death of a massive star in a distant galaxy 10 billion years ago created a rare superluminous supernova that astronomers say is one of the most distant ever discovered. The brilliant explosion, more than three times as bright as the 100 billion stars of our Milky Way galaxy combined, occurred about 3.5 billion years after the big bang at a period known as "cosmic high noon," when the rate of star formation in the universe reached its peak.
Superluminous supernovae are 10 to 100 times brighter than a typical supernova resulting from the collapse of a massive star. But astronomers still don't know exactly what kinds of stars give rise to their extreme luminosity or what physical processes are involved.
The supernova known as DES15E2mlf is unusual even among the small number of superluminous supernovae astronomers have detected so far. It was initially detected in November 2015 by the Dark Energy Survey (DES) collaboration using the Blanco 4-meter telescope at Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory in Chile. Follow-up observations to measure the distance and obtain detailed spectra of the supernova were conducted with the Gemini Multi-Object Spectrograph on the 8-meter Gemini South telescope.
The investigation was led by UC Santa Cruz astronomers Yen-Chen Pan and Ryan Foley as part of an international team of DES collaborators. The researchers reported their findings in a paper published July 21 in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
The new observations may provide clues to the nature of stars and galaxies during peak star formation. Supernovae are important in the evolution of galaxies because their explosions enrich the interstellar gas from which new stars form with elements heavier than helium (which astronomers call "metals").
"It's important simply to know that very massive stars were exploding at that time," said Foley, an assistant professor of astronomy and astrophysics at UC Santa Cruz. "What we really want to know is the relative rate of superluminous supernovae to normal supernovae, but we can't yet make that comparison because normal supernovae are too faint to see at that distance. So we don't know if this atypical supernova is telling us something special about that time 10 billion years ago."
Previous observations of superluminous supernovae found they typically reside in low-mass or dwarf galaxies, which tend to be less enriched in metals than more massive galaxies. The host galaxy of DES15E2mlf, however, is a fairly massive, normal-looking galaxy.
"The current idea is that a low-metal environment is important in creating superluminous supernovae, and that's why they tend to occur in low mass galaxies, but DES15E2mlf is in a relatively massive galaxy compared to the typical host galaxy for superluminous supernovae," said Pan, a postdoctoral researcher at UC Santa Cruz and first author of the paper.
Foley explained that stars with fewer heavy elements retain a larger fraction of their mass when they die, which may cause a bigger explosion when the star exhausts its fuel supply and collapses.
"We know metallicity affects the life of a star and how it dies, so finding this superluminous supernova in a higher-mass galaxy goes counter to current thinking," Foley said. "But we are looking so far back in time, this galaxy would have had less time to create metals, so it may be that at these earlier times in the universe's history, even high-mass galaxies had low enough metal content to create these extraordinary stellar explosions. At some point, the Milky Way also had these conditions and might have also produced a lot of these explosions."
"Although many puzzles remain, the ability to observe these unusual supernovae at such great distances provides valuable information about the most massive stars and about an important period in the evolution of galaxies," said Mat Smith, a postdoctoral researcher at University of Southampton. The Dark Energy Survey has discovered a number of superluminous supernovae and continues to see more distant cosmic explosions revealing how stars exploded during the strongest period of star formation.
In addition to Pan, Foley, and Smith, the coauthors of the paper include Lluís Galbany of the University of Pittsburgh, and other members of the DES collaboration from more than 40 institutions. This research was funded the National Science Foundation, The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, and the David and Lucile Packard Foundation.
The Dark Energy Survey is a collaboration of more than 400 scientists from 26 institutions in seven countries. Its primary instrument, the 570-megapixel Dark Energy Camera, is mounted on the 4-meter Blanco telescope at the National Optical Astronomy Observatory's Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory in Chile, and its data are processed at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Funding for the DES Projects has been provided by the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science, U.S. National Science Foundation, Ministry of Science and Education of Spain, Science and Technology Facilities Council of the United Kingdom, Higher Education Funding Council for England, ETH Zurich for Switzerland, National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Kavli Institute of Cosmological Physics at the University of Chicago, Center for Cosmology and Astro-Particle Physics at Ohio State University, Mitchell Institute for Fundamental Physics and Astronomy at Texas A&M University, Financiadora de Estudos e Projetos, Fundação Carlos Chagas Filho de Amparo à Pesquisa do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico and Ministério da Ciência e Tecnologia, Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, and the collaborating institutions in the Dark Energy Survey, the list of which can be found at www.darkenergysurvey.org/collaboration.
After five months in limbo, Donatas Motiejunas is officially back on an NBA roster.
The New Orleans Pelicans announced Tuesday that they had officially signed the free-agent big man.
Terms of the deal were not disclosed, but ESPN's Marc Stein reported Sunday that the agreement is for one year at a pro-rated share of the $1.1 million veterans minimum.
Motiejunas will join a Pelicans team that has committed to small ball, with Anthony Davis sliding to center the past four games, in which they are 3-1. Traditional center Omer Asik has not played in New Orleans' past five games and Alexis Ajinca has not played in the past four.
The Pelicans waived forward Reggie Williams on Sunday to clear a roster spot.
Donatas Motiejunas has signed a one-year deal with the New Orleans Pelicans, the team announced. Bill Baptist/NBAE/Getty Images
While still a restricted free agent, Motiejunas, 26, signed a four-year offer sheet with the Brooklyn Nets in late November that was potentially worth up to $35 million. After Houston matched the Nets' offer sheet, Motiejunas refused to report for his physical, which led to the sides reworking some of the contract terms in a new four-year deal.
The Houston Rockets, though, ultimately decided to surrender their rights to Motiejunas and make him an unrestricted free agent after he finally took his physical, severing their ties to him after four seasons together following negotiations with his agent B.J. Armstrong and league officials.
The Rockets traded Motiejunas to the Detroit Pistons as part of a three-way deal last February, but the Pistons rescinded the trade after a physical revealed concern about Motiejunas' back. Motiejunas ended up rejoining the Rockets and playing the rest of the 2015-16 season, recording a double-double (14 points and 13 rebounds) in Houston's only win over Golden State in the teams' first-round series in the spring.
The Lithuanian then struggled this past summer in restricted free agency to attract much outside interest until after the Rockets pulled their two-year offer starting in the $7 million to $8 million range on Nov. 22. Houston was only willing to guarantee the first season of its original two-year offer in a nod to Motiejunas' injury history. The 7-footer became an unrestricted free agent on Dec. 15.
ESPN's Marc Stein contributed to this report.
The blocking scheme the Ravens will use today will be the same as last season, according to a team source, who also said that both running backs, Ray Rice and Bernard Pierce, still have not fully recovered from injuries suffered in the preseason.
According to the source, several players met with Ravens coach John Harbaugh on Monday following the Ravens' 19-17 loss to the Green Bay Packers. The Ravens have the 27th-ranked rushing game in the NFL averaging only 72.7 yards per game. They had only 47 yards rushing against Green Bay.
At the meeting, the players told Harbaugh that they were unhappy with the new blocking scheme instituted by run game coordinator Juan Castillo and they wanted to go back to last year's scheme. According to the source, Castillo has lost influence in "the room" and Harbaugh told the team they were going back to the formula that helped them win the Super Bowl last year.
According to the source, the Ravens will double-team more at the point of attack and also do more cut blocking to cut down on pursuing tacklers. The Ravens will also use less stretch plays.
Rice has been bothered by a hip flexor strain and Pierce has had hamstring and knee injuries. Both players were injured during the preseason and haven't had a chance to recover.
Thus far, both Rice and Pierce have lacked acceleration and neither has been able to break many tackles. The Ravens would like for both to make it through today's game in good health and then fully recover during the bye week.
Let's Playlist In Let's Playlist, the Gameological staff assembles a themed lineup of video game music and packages it in a YouTube playlist. But we're just providing the start. It's up to you to nominate your own candidates and fill out the list.
The first Castlevania game was released in Japan 30 years ago today. Known there as Demon Castle Dracula, Konami's melding of 8-bit action and monster-movie horror stuck, and the resulting series became an industry staple. Through nearly 30 games and several major overhauls, one of Castlevania's most consistent qualities has been its music, a collection of diverse and iconic songs that have a sound all their own. In this special edition of Let's Playlist, we're celebrating 30 years of Castlevania with a look back at the series' soundtracks, sampling from the eclectic mix of styles and sounds that make this one of video gaming's richest musical histories. And as always, we invite you to share your favorite Castlevania songs down in the comments—along with a YouTube link, if you can find one. At the end of the week, we'll add your nominations to our playlist, which you can find right here, and share the final set in Friday's Keyboard Geniuses.
1. “Vampire Killer,” Castlevania, NES (1986)
“Vampire Killer” is as emblematic as video game music gets. The first theme of the first-ever Castlevania stage, the title is, of course, shared with your character, Simon Belmont, a hunter who's out to vanquish Dracula. (It's also the name of his clan's sacred whip.) But the music itself is reflective of what Castlevania is at heart, less outright horror than a swashbuckling adventure with a monster-movie twist. The key is that combination of spooky minor-key melodies with rocking riffs and drums, riding a line between ghoulish and glamorous. As the series evolved, it took advantage of new technology for more lush aesthetics and implemented the sophisticated structures of games like Symphony Of The Night to match. The music transformed as well, becoming far more complex and diverse. But deep down, this “Vampire Killer” formula remained the core of the series' sound and identity, the blueprint for 30 years of fantastic music and games. [Matt Gerardi]
Advertisement
2. “Monster Dance,” Castlevania II: Simon's Quest (1987)
As the series' first foray into Metroid-style open exploration, Simon's Quest has a mixed reputation, but the soundtrack is uniformly impeccable, including this track, which heralds the game's transitions from day into night. Monsters get tougher and zombies start roaming the streets of town, but at least you've got some sinister organ beats and driving drums to keep you company on your quest for Dracula's disembodied parts. More importantly, there's a desperation to the song that captures what it feels like to be stuck in the middle of the woods when the sun goes down and the straightforward skeletons you've been beating transform into murderous werewolves. It might be a horrible night to have a curse, but hey, at least the music's good. [William Hughes]
Advertisement
3. “Mad Forest,” Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse (1989)
Castlevania III's aural ambitions remain mind blowing. Composer Hidenori Maezawa helped create the custom VRC6 processor that came in the original Famicom version's cartridge and gave the game five extra sound channels to beef up its songs. This innovation doubled the amount of sound channels available in the American NES version and led to two iterations of the game's stellar score. Full up on the creepers and rockers key to the previous games, Dracula's Curse saw Maezawa branch out stylistically with some jams that were plain funky. “Mad Forest” opens with a shuffling beat and bass groove to set the mood before horn blats kick off the synth melody in grand style. As warped love children of '70s Genesis and Bootsy Collins go, “Mad Forest” is a banger regardless of the version you hear. The NES take rules because of how it isolates the break down 25 seconds in. The Famicom VRC6-adorned version fattens up the bass significantly. Brilliant, danceable, perfect. [Anthony John Agnello]
Advertisement
4. “New Messiah,” Castlevania II: Belmont's Revenge (1991)
Castlevania's life on the original Game Boy was tumultuous, with a trio of unusual attempts to translate the action of the NES series to something palatable on the wee green screen. Two of them were flat out bad. (Not even an Alucard cameo could help Castlevania Legends.) But Belmont's Revenge, a sequel to Castlevania: The Adventure, was both a badass game and a showcase for precisely why the Game Boy's sound chip is still a favorite instrument of chiptune artists to this day: The thing can start fires, and “New Messiah” is the resulting blaze. This is full-on rock 'n' roll blitz Castlevania. A minor key melody sets the stage, a vintage desperate air settles in, then—blam!—here come the Game Boy's tin-plated snare and bass. “New Messiah” teeters on discord throughout, but that bleeping melody—not guitar, not keys, but a chip sound all its own—builds it back up to tunefulness before plunging back down again. Both this song and this game were among the Game Boy's best. [Anthony John Agnello]
Advertisement
5. “Rotating Room,” Super Castlevania IV (1991)
There's a distinctive dreaminess to the soundtrack of the first Super NES Castlevania game, one that sets it apart from the heavy rock influences that the rest of the series carries on its sleeve. Where another Castlevania game might have wailing guitar or sharpened snares, Castlevania IV uses ethereal organs or tinkling harps underpinned with drums that always sound just a little bit hollow or loose. Even fast-paced tracks like this one—which, along with its semi-sequel “Spinning Tower,” accompanies the game's famous faux 3-D sequences in Stage 4—never lose that spacey quality. Like the level it's situated in, “Rotating Room” transitions between a lot of moving parts, but its most notable section features a speedy organ backed up with a strident drum beat and rising synths. It really nails how disorienting these scenes are supposed to feel, as you dangle by a whip from a ring while the spike-filled room around you slowly turns. [William Hughes]
Advertisement
6. “Bloody Tears,” Castlevania: Rondo Of Blood (1993)
Super Castlevania IV brought the series to a new generation of consoles, but Rondo Of Blood, released just two years later and only in Japan, would prove to be the more transformational entry. It blew the series' conventions out of the water, retaining its straightforward level-to-level structure, adding some anime flair both in and out of battle, and setting the stage for its sequel, Symphony Of The Night. Rondo's team of composers harnessed the power of CD-ROMs to create an eclectic score with a depth of sound that was previously impossible. Several classic tunes return in rearranged form, but none sound quite as grand as “Bloody Tears.” Rondo's take on this signature song—it has appeared in more than a dozen games since its Simon's Quest debut—transforms its introduction into the full-bodied organ toccata it was always meant to be. It builds to a frenzy, then takes a back seat as the track shifts into heavy-metal adventure mode, the thunderous drums and furious bass pushing Richter Belmont further into the night. Between the ever-present organ, relentless rhythm section, and obligatory choral bursts, this interpretation is tremendous from front to back, filling every nook and cranny with some juicy nugget to sink your fangs into. [Matt Gerardi]
Advertisement
7. “Iron Blue Intention,” Castlevania Bloodlines (1994)
Kids growing up in Sega households didn't get a whole lot of Castlevania in their diets. Symphony Of The Night, a series high point, made an appearance on the Saturn, but the only original Castlevania title to launch exclusively on a Sega console was the monster-slaying European road trip Castlevania Bloodlines for the Genesis. Being set apart from the mainline titles, Bloodlines was free to cut loose a bit, ditching the perspective of the Belmont clan and the series' traditional gothic setting to focus on a pair of vampire killers during World War I. It also had a different sound, making full and glorious use of the Genesis' sometimes-maligned sound chip. You can hear all the telltale signs of a Genesis track on “Iron Blue Intention”: the broad glub-glub of the bass, sounding as if it were being played underwater, the softness of the brushed drums, the tinny parp-parp of the trumpets. But through all those audio compromises, it's still a rollicking and spooky action-horror tune, and a perfect Castlevania track. [Patrick Lee]
Advertisement
8. “Wood Carving Partita,” Castlevania: Symphony Of The Night (1997)
There's something so sophisticated and urbane about Symphony Of The Night's Long Library, due in no small part to the area's theme, “Wood Carving Partita.” After fighting through hallways of petty hoi polloi foot soldiers and lowly skeletons, to enter the calm of the library and hearing those first delicate notes from the harpsichord is like a sip from a cool glass of water. It's a truly lovely piece—layered but uncluttered, maintaining an even tempo that makes every jump and sword slash feel like a dance. Alucard will endure what he must bring down his father, but for a half-vampire who battles against the legions of hell and chaos wearing a pristine suit of silks, the unruffled confidence of the “Wood Carving Partita” feels like the closest thing he has to a proper theme. [Nick Wanserski]
Advertisement
9. “Sinking Old Sanctuary,” Castlevania: Circle Of The Moon (2001)
Appropriately, for a game about the undead, Castlevania has a penchant for reviving elements from its past, offering us a chance to hear old tracks tarted up and pumped through technologically superior systems. Castlevania: Circle Of The Moon was the first title in the series to appear on the Game Boy Advance, which would become its home for the next several years, and its soundtrack featured track after track of exquisitely reimagined tunes from previous entries. Among them is this take on the Bloodlines song “Sinking Old Sanctuary,” given new life by the Game Boy Advance's plump, round synthesized bass line. One-one-two, one-one-two, it goes—a waltz so hypnotic that the whisper-quiet melody drifts through it like mist and almost gets lost. The Genesis, bless its heart, wasn't capable of such subtlety. [Patrick Lee]
Advertisement
10. “House Of Sacred Remains,” Castlevania: Lament Of Innocence (2003)
Like trying to squeeze your cat into a Halloween costume, Castlevania has struggled mightily with the transition to three dimensions. The series' third 3-D entry, Lament Of Innocence for the PlayStation 2, attempted to make up for the previous Nintendo 64 games' lukewarm reception by inheriting more of the 2-D titles' beloved elements. That grab bag of positive associations approach is exemplified in “House Of Sacred Remains,” a kind of greatest hits theme that used all the best, most recognizable elements of previous scores and crams them into one track. It begins with a solitary, mournful organ before introducing a dripping rhythm and synthesized chorus. There's a swift transition to up-tempo smooth jazz, and a furious refrain of Phantom Of The Opera-level organ playing erupts before the piece calms again. Ultimately, Lament Of Innocence fell into the vast limbo of merely acceptable Castlevania entries, but even an average game can be graced by excellent music. [Nick Wanserski]
Advertisement
11. “Azure Wanderings,” Castlevania: Order Of Ecclesia (2008)
Michiru Yamane brought her decade-plus tenure as Castlevania‘s primary composer to a close with Order Of Ecclesia, one of the Nintendo DS' best games, one of the series' most interesting experiments, and easily the most unjustly ignored Castlevania. In overlooking the game where designer Koji Igarashi went for the gusto, people also overlooked Yamane's most fully realized collection of songs since Symphony Of The Night. Her great skill was always in marrying slinky new-age melodies with solid dancey beats, and while the CD format of Symphony lent itself well to that style, the Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS were less fitting. Ecclesia's “Azure Wanderings” exemplifies how she recaptured her groove. Playful piano trills dance around the opening seconds of the song, their coy elegance gaining a threatening edge from the synth strings thickening up the background. Half a minute later, the strings and keys meet in the middle, revealing the curious, looping melody at the center. The tune sounds like Shanoa, Ecclesia's star, moves, with each note a stride of long legs and raven hair. (Anthony John Agnello)
Advertisement
12. “Credits 2,” Castlevania: Lords Of Shadow 2 (2014)
For its final iteration, Konami handed the series over to a young Spanish studio named MercurySteam. Its vision, the Lords Of Shadow trilogy, transformed Castlevania into a gothic soap opera that had more in common with the bombastic brawling of God Of War than Symphony Of The Night. The soundtracks followed suit, prioritizing grandeur and fury over the simple tunefulness of the series' past. Here, in the last song of what's possibly the last Castlevania soundtrack we'll ever hear, all that angst melts away and leaves behind a gorgeous little dirge for this legendary series. Lords Of Shadow 2 might have been a dreadful way for Castlevania to go, but with “Credits 2,” one final cry that's at once mournful and triumphant, the series seemingly marches off into that good night with its head held high. [Matt Gerardi]
Advertisement
Purchasing via Amazon helps support The A.V. Club.
The string of buildings Boston University is selling in Kenmore Square is unremarkable except for one thing: The most famous sign in Boston sits on top of one of them.
And that could prove a challenge for whoever winds up buying them.
As several prominent development companies angle to buy the nine-building package, they are weighing a delicate question: how to redevelop them — as any new owner would be likely to do — without blocking or moving the sign so it is no longer so visible from so many places around the city.
Advertisement
“I was not going to be ‘that developer' who would take down the Citgo sign,” said Ted Tye, managing partner at National Development, which considered bidding for the properties but chose not to. “It's such a symbol of Boston.”
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
In January, BU, which owns the six-story 660 Beacon St. and leases space on the roof to Citgo Petroleum Corp., put the building and others around it up for sale. It has received a number of bids, said a person with knowledge of the matter, and there are at least three prominent local developers still in the running as potential buyers.
BU declined to comment, as did several of the prospective bidders.
But whoever buys the buildings will face an immediate challenge: how to make the most of the investment — likely to be in the millions of dollars — without disrupting the sign or blocking views of it across the city.
Or they could face a fate even worse: being known as the person who took it down.
Advertisement
Moving the sign and replacing 660 Beacons with a taller building wouldn't be difficult, said Arthur Krim, a faculty member at Boston Architectural College and the sign's unofficial historian. But move it much, and the views would be altered forever.
“Sightlines would be skewed,” Krim said. “Anything above 15 stories and it'd be hard to see up there at all.”
The issue, added Tye, is that a new owner probably could not raise the sign more than 30 feet without drastically altering the sightlines. Nor could neighboring properties be replaced with taller buildings without blocking the Citgo sign. And any major work would probably involve dismantling the sign and putting it back up later.
“Is all that effort worth it for an extra 30 feet?” Tye said. “In a city like Boston you say, ‘What's iconic on the skyline' and this is part of it.”
BU has argued that the famous sign boosts the value of the property, but acknowledged the sign's future is ultimately up to the new owner. Because the Citgo sign is not protected by landmark status, preservationists are pushing BU to include restrictions in the terms of the sale.
Globe File/1948 A sign from what is today known as Citgo Petroleum has been part of Boston's skyline since 1940. In 1948, it read “Cities Service.”
Advertisement
“BU could be much more clear about what can happen here,” said Greg Galer, executive director of the Boston Preservation Alliance. “This is a potentially dire situation. There is no commitment on the table that the sign stay in place.”
Citgo is lobbying to keep the sign in place, and earlier this spring launched a website and an advertising and social media campaign devoted to “Boston's Sign.”
“More than a sign, it's an icon,” reads the website, above dozens of Instagram pictures of the sign with Bostonians in front of it.
Neighbors for whom the sign has become part of daily life are keeping an close eye on the sale. Krim said he even discussed the sign with Red Sox officials at Fenway Park recently. A spokeswoman for the team declined to comment.
The Boston Athletic Association has been watching, too.
“It's hard to imagine the landscape of Kenmore Square or what the city would look like there without the Citgo Sign,” BAA spokesman Jack Fleming said. “But I'd stop short of saying it's something we'd get involved in.”
Ultimately, the issue could wind up at City Hall. Any significant construction would need Boston Redevelopment Authority approval, and while the sign has no formal protection, that process would give its many fans a venue to argue for saving it.
The BRA is monitoring the sale, spokesman Nick Martin said, and has formed an “internal cross-departmental working group” to evaluate potential plans for the Kenmore Square properties.
“We will remain in close contact with BU and look forward to facilitating a broader public dialogue when the time is appropriate,” Martin said.
Still, big-money real estate deals have a way of gathering momentum, Krim said. Whoever pays for BU's buildings will want to put their own stamp on them, especially in Kenmore Square, where the pace of redevelopment is picking up.
And even with the best of intentions, Krim worried, that kind of momentum could spell the end for the light-up billboard, which has long been part of the city's face.
“The sign may have ingrained itself in the civic iconography of this town,” Krim said. “But in fact, it's only goodwill that has kept the sign lit.”
David L Ryan/Globe Staff Fenway Park and Kenmore Square.
Tim Logan can be reached at tim.logan@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter at @bytimlogan
A Chicago "L" station is about the last place you would think of to pick up a carton of milk.
But online grocer Peapod has turned a busy CTA station at State and Lake streets into a virtual supermarket aisle, enabling commuters to use their smartphones to scan and buy any of 70 items.
Appearing overnight on once-barren walls, 7-foot-tall virtual shelves line both sides of a 60-foot tunnel, filled with everything from paper towels and diapers to fresh produce. Android and iPhone users can download a free Peapod mobile app to load up their electronic grocery carts for delivery the next day.
Chicago, Peapod's largest market, is the second U.S. city to roll out the interactive supermarket shelves, which first appeared last month at Philadelphia train stations. Other Chicago locations might be added, as well as locations in other cities, depending on what happens during a 12-week run at the station, which averages 17,640 commuters each weekday.
"It kind of changes the game for the out-of-home advertising medium, almost as a kind of service rather than branding," said Dave Etherington, senior vice president of marketing and mobile for Titan, a New York-based media firm specializing in out-of-home advertising, which created the campaign for Peapod.
The first virtual supermarket, a combination of advertising and retailing, was created last summer by British-based chain Tesco, which set up shop at subway stations in Seoul, South Korea.
Skokie-based Peapod took the idea as a promotional launching pad for its recent expansion into the Philadelphia market. In April, the interactive billboards were placed at 15 train station platforms across the city. The displays, which will be running through early June, were winnowed to nine locations.
Response to the ads has been strong, said Etherington, in terms of introducing the service and selling the items on-site to shoppers waiting to catch a train.
"It does a fantastic job of branding but in a very transparent, measurable way, it ships products and it generates revenue," Etherington said.
Peapod, founded in 1989 in Evanston, pioneered the concept of online grocery shopping, long before many people knew what the Internet was. The publicly traded company, perhaps ahead of its time, struggled during the dot-com bust and was acquired by Netherlands-based Royal Ahold in 2001.
Peapod serves 24 U.S. markets and has delivered 21 million grocery orders in slightly more than two decades.
With Internet shopping fully integrated into the retail landscape, the company introduced its first mobile app about a year ago, trying to get in front of the next wave in marketing. Used primarily by existing customers to reorder items, so-called trash scanning, the mobile app has new utility with the virtual supermarket billboards.
"Grocery shopping doesn't necessarily happen the way it used to," said Mike Brennan, senior vice president and chief operating officer of Peapod. "It's becoming more of a task that happens in multiple steps throughout the week."
The shelves were fully stocked Thursday at the Red Line Lake Street stop as the first wave of commuters perused the virtual supermarket aisle on their way through the station. Some swiveled, others stay focused on the light at the end of the tunnel, and a few stopped to shop.
Many commuters took notice of the realistic depiction of typical grocery store shelves. Items included Huggies Diapers, Bounty paper towels, Barilla ready-to-heat pasta and fresh produce such as apples and bananas. Like a real supermarket, shoppers might need to kneel slightly to select items from the lower shelves, but many won't need a stock boy to reach the top shelf with their smartphone scanner.
Making a purchase requires a smartphone and bar code scanner app. First, the shopper downloads a free Peapod app displayed on the wall. To buy requires pointing at the item and scanning its bar code, which shows the price, then checking out. Items will show up at the customer's door within a day.
Virginia Marino, 28, an attorney from the Wrigleyville neighborhood, was headed to her LaSalle Street office at noon, after working from her home during the morning. She glanced from side to side with interest as she made her way through the tunnel but questioned whether she would be able to shop during her normal commute.
"I typically take the 'L' during rush hour, so I don't know that I would take the time to really walk by with my phone and shop, because I'm trying to get home or I'm trying to go to the office," Marino said. "And there's no way you're stopping; because of the crowd, it's just not going to happen."
Brandon Precin, 23, of Evanston, a three-time All-American wrestler from Northwestern University, who usually goes shopping only after he has run out of food, was impressed with the impulsive nature of virtual foraging.
"I think it's really cool, being able to walk by, scan something and shop," Precin said. "That's a great concept. You get to look for what you want, scan with your phone and that's it."
Hurrying to class at Harold Washington College, Evelyn Ramirez, 20, of Chicago, slowed enough to take in the new ambience at the not-so-pedestrian tunnel. It was, if nothing else, an artistic success.
"It's kind of interesting," Ramirez said. "I feel like I'm actually in a store right now."
Peapod, which has relied mostly on direct marketing to draw customers, doesn't expect its new campaign to become a primary retail channel for the company. Although more locations might be in the offing, the logistics of a full virtual supermarket may be prohibitive, Brennan said.
"There's still only a limited number of products, no matter how many you put up on the billboard," he said. "Peapod has 12,000-plus products, and that would be a pretty long billboard to be walking down."
rchannick@tribune.com
Twitter @RobertChannick
SAN JOSE, California – Plug-in hybrids are a great way to ease our oil addiction and do something about global warming. But it's taken 10 years for conventional hybrids like the iconic Toyota Prius to eke out almost 3 percent of the domestic market, and nothing suggests cars with cords will take hold any faster.
For that reason, plug-in advocates say, we've got to figure out how to start converting a sizable chunk of the nation's 240 million cars into gas-electric hybrids you can plug into a wall socket. There are a handful of companies venturing down this path, but they charge as much as 12 grand to do the job and the number of cars they've converted would fit inside a Toyota cargo ship with room to spare.
That, according to Andy Grove, the former chairman and CEO of Intel, simply will not do. He's become one of the country's most high-profile plug-in evangelists, reading from a sermon published last month in The American. Now he's issued a Herculean challenge during the Plug-In 2008 conference that had many in the choir singing "Hallelujah!"
He's called on automakers, utilities, researchers and pretty much everyone in Silicon Valley to develop a plan to convert 10 million pickup trucks, vans and SUVs to plug-in hybrids within four years. And he says they should hand it to the next president on Jan. 21.
The scale of what Grove has suggested would be difficult to overstate. After all, Toyota's been cranking out the Prius for a decade and only recently saw it's one-millionth model leave a showroom. General Motors is throwing nearly everything it has at the Chevrolet Volt so it can start selling them – in the low tens of thousands at most and at what undoubtedly will be a loss – by the end of 2010. So how does Grove – and those who hailed him for his chutzpah – propose doing things any faster?
By making it a national priority along the lines of the moon shot. Or a program akin to the New Deal. Only that level of commitment – and investment – will overcome the challenges to so radically transforming the nation's transportation fleet, they say. Grove's suggestions include:
A federal tax credit covering half the cost of retrofitting a vehicle, funded by licensing fees on all vehicles, boats and airplanes.
Free electricity for plug-in hybrids for as long as two years.
An open source approach (which some advocates already employ for home conversions) to developing the technology, and a new federal court to handle intellectual property issues stemming from the development of such vehicles.
Greater investment by venture capitalists to spur innovation in the field.
Support from the Small Business Administration and others to help launch the industry.
Let's assume for the sake of argument the utilities, the automakers, the battery manufacturers, the growing number of plug-in conversion companies and everyone else with an interest in bringing about the inevitable electrification of the automobile can hammer out a plan in four months. And let's assume the next president not only reads it, but enacts it. Then what?
Supporters of Grove's idea suggest starting with the fleets – taxi cabs, delivery vans, municipal vehicles. They get lousy mileage, so the return on investment through reduced operating costs will come much faster, and economies of scale will reduce costs. And since a relatively small number of models - the Ford Crown Victoria, variants of Ford's F-Series trucks, etc. – comprise the majority of fleet vehicles, it'll minimize R&D costs. That's the approach John Dabels, CEO of conversion start-up EV Power Systems, has taken.
"We are focusing on trucks because trucks consume more fuel and, frankly, no one else is doing this," he says. The company is beta-testing a kit that bolts right on behind the transmission with no modification to the engine, emissions system or other major components. Dabels claims the $11,000 conversion delivers a 33 percent increase in fuel economy and "we're reasonably comfortable with getting to 40."
Once you've started that project, Grove's acolytes say, expand the campaign to conventional hybrids – add a cord to your Prius and you'll bump your fuel economy from 60 mph to about 100 mpg – because the job is relatively easy. (Advocates of the cars converted a Prius in the parking lot of the Los Angeles Auto Show last year. That's them in the picture.) Google's been testing a small fleet of converted plug-in Prius and Ford Escape hybrids for about a year now and seen a 50-percent increase in fuel economy over the standard versions. "We've put about 50,000 miles on them without any real problems," says Alec Proudfoot, the guy running the program. "The cars have performed beautifully."
Once the conversion of fleets and hybrids is underway, plug-in proponents say, you go after everyone else. "The low-hanging fruit is out there," says Felix Kramer, founder of the plug-in advocacy group Cal Cars. "There are millions of battered vehicles out there to be converted."
He and other conversion advocates say converted vehicles will hasten the day when automakers fill their showrooms with plug-in hybrids by providing them with a wealth of data regarding how the vehicles perform, how consumers use them and what's needed to keep them going.
But where are we going to get the batteries? How do we ensure converted vehicles meet federal safety standards? Who's going to perform all these conversions, who's going to provide the training to do it and what guarantees will consumers have that the cars will keep running five or 10 years down the line? And perhaps the biggest question of all - what's it going to cost and how are we going to pay for it?
"Ten a million conversions at a cost of $10,000 (each)? That's $100 billion," says Tom Molinski, manager of emerging technology for Manitoba Hydro. "How much does the U.S. spend on defense? How much has it spent on Iraq? At some point we have to ask, 'What's the cost of not doing this.'"
Photo by Rainforest Action Network.
Share
Awards Daily TV talks to The Leftovers' Kevin Carroll about the critically acclaimed show's past, present, and future legacy.
If you've never seen HBO's The Leftovers, start watching immediately. If you do watch the show, then you know the challenge narrowing down what exactly makes this show great viewing. It speaks to each viewer in such a powerful way. The much anticipated new and final season began this weekend on HBO.
Aside from the new setting of Australia, we still have some unanswered questions. Throughout the third season, the narrative jumps into multiple eras. Knowing this show and the incredible writing team, the missing gaps will be filled in by the final episode of this 8-episode season. John Murphy (Kevin Carroll) is now married to Laurie (Amy Brenneman) in one era. In another, Nora (Carrie Coon) appears as an older lady who goes by the name of Sarah and doesn't know anyone called Kevin (Justin Theroux). Or so she claims…
“Moving from Season 2 to 3 was emotional,” Kevin Carroll says. Not only did the hit HBO drama move from Texas to Australia within weeks of wrapping its second season, the show also featured a time jump. “It was wonderful and yet disorienting. There were all the same faces, but on a different continent, and it took some reorganizing.”
In Season 2, Carroll's character was married to Erika (Regina King). By the end of the second season, Kevin's life and family changed dramatically. As Season 3 confirmed, Laurie is now his partner. “The notion of how the relationship ended and took this hard left turn was personally tough but equally rewarding,” Carroll says of the storyline shift, describing it as “stepping onto a plane as it's taking off.”
He credits the writing team and Damon Lindelof / Tom Perrotta's storytelling, which offers a huge pay-off for him as an actor.
This show creates deep conversation. It's great art. It's great writing. People are still talking about the Mona Lisa and pondering what she's smiling at. In the same way, the show is like the Mona Lisa of conversation, and the reward is to know you are contributing to the work that is a great catalyst for conversation.
“You come in and the material is new and raw. It requires trust between your co-stars because there is no time to talk about the material with each other,” Carroll explains. “There's this sense of newness, and Damon doesn't let the audience get ahead of the story. It's just so rewarding and that's a gift of this show.”
Lindelof and his team introduced John Murphy as a man with many layers. However, John made a “commitment to never be taken advantage of again. That was his safe zone and his safety net.” Of what lies ahead for John this season, Carroll says, “They showed a crack in everything he knew to be true in his life, and that emotional crack allows you to reimagine your life.”
“We will or will not see that emotional crack moving forward,” he teases.
Even though this is the last season of The Leftovers and all questions will be tied up, Carroll is certain the show will be something we will be talking about for a long time.
“This show creates deep conversation. It's great art. It's great writing. People are still talking about the Mona Lisa and pondering what she's smiling at,” Carroll explains. “In the same way, the show is like the Mona Lisa of conversation, and the reward is to know you are contributing to the work that is a great catalyst for conversation.” He adds, “That's the biggest compliment. That the show is part of this great and deep conversation. I think the show will endure. You could do a Leftover University course. You could come up with enough great thinkers to look at the representation and symbolism, and the source material would lead to amazing conversation.”
Aside from the conversation that The Leftovers creates, Carroll also credits the writers for being one of the early shows to allow African-American characters to be whole and well-developed. Not divulging any spoilers about the ending of the season and the series, Carroll feels, “Some viewers are going to be ready for the ride, but we don't want to overstay our welcome.”
And how does Carroll feel the show should be watched if you haven't seen an episode? “You can either take a bite at a time. Or, if you have a religious understanding, you can watch two or three episodes.” He says, “It depends on where you are in life.”
Our recommendation is to take it one bite at a time, absorb and breathe in the quality of the writing on this great TV show. Absorb the fine acting and performances given by Carrie Coon, Justin Theroux, Amy Brenneman, and Kevin Carroll. There's so much that is great about this show that to binge it might be a disservice.
The Leftovers air on Sundays on HBO at 9pm ET.
It's fair to say that facts are taking a beating during President Donald Trump's first few days on the job.
There were the claims and counterclaims about the size of the Inauguration Day crowd in Washington, and whether it rained or not when Trump spoke.
On Saturday, the president praised the intelligence agencies at the CIA's headquarters — just days after comparing their work to Nazi Germany.
There were attacks on the media.
And somewhere along the line, falsehoods got relabeled as "alternative facts."
Trump spokesman Sean Spicer seemed to double down on that during his press briefing on Monday. When asked about the dustup over inauguration numbers, he said, “I believe we have to be honest with the American people. Sometimes we can disagree with the facts.”
Disagree with the facts.
It all sounds familiar to Russian journalists like Alexey Kovalev who blogs about propaganda, fake news and Russian state media at noodleremover.news (Russian site).
In his most recent blog, “A message to my doomed colleagues in the American media,” which appears on Medium, Kovalev writes:
“Congratulations, US media! You've just covered your first press conference of an authoritarian leader with a massive ego and a deep disdain for your trade and everything you hold dear. We in Russia have been doing it for 12 years now — with a short hiatus when our leader wasn't technically our leader — so quite a few things during Donald Trump's press conference rang a bell.”
In short, Kovalev says there are some lessons he's learned from having covered Russian President Vladimir Putin's typical four-hour press conferences that may be useful in looking at President Trump's comments to the Washington press corps.
For example, Kovalev says Putin and his advisers are quite successful at completely dominating the agenda. “Welcome to the circus,” Kovalev says. “Don't be fooled into thinking that the press conferences are designed to inform the public or the media.” Instead, he says, the events are a one-man show to create a barrage of factoids and misinformation as a kind of distraction from more important issues and policies.
“The thing is that when you think it's your mission to make him [Putin] admit a lie, or an inconsistency in his previous statements [because he tends to make U-turns in his statements on policies], when you try to point out those inconsistencies or catch him red-handed lying, there's no point because he'll evade your question, he knows that he can just drown you in meaningless factoids or false moral equivalencies or by using what is called ‘whataboutism.'”
Whataboutism, Kovalev explains, is an old Soviet trick. If Putin is pressed by a Russian journalist about an allegation of serious human rights abuse in Russia, he's very unlikely to directly address the question. Instead Putin might deflect or undermine the seriousness of the question by asking, Don't human rights abuses happen in other countries as well? What about Guantanamo Bay?
"There's probably not a nation in the world that followed US elections more closely than Russians" - rare factual statement on Russian TV. pic.twitter.com/tYAvay20pR — Alexey Kovalev (@Alexey__Kovalev) January 22, 2017
His advice to US journalists in the face of possibly similar disinformation tactics that now seem to emanate from the White House?
“For one thing, the American media has a distinct advantage over their Russian colleagues. You can meaningfully influence the public opinion so as to unseat Trump in the next election cycle. We don't have that kind of privilege because that's not how elections work in Russia,” he says.
And when it comes to the president's tweets on this or that topic, Kovalev says, “People are completely obsessing over it, and it's dominating the headlines, and that's exactly the point. To keep you distracted … and meanwhile while you're distracted with these public statements, they're passing bills quietly that will go unreported because everybody else is too busy.”
Kovalev calls information like the Trump team's inflated and inaccurate estimates of his inauguration crowds, the “chaff that's thrown out to distract you from what really matters.”
So his simple advice in what he calls the “era of BS” for his US colleagues is this: “Don't overreact. Remember you have this advantage of being able to influence public policy so do this, because the people, at some point, will stop caring. They will put out so many obvious lies that at some point the public will begin to wonder whether objective truth exists at all. They will stop caring like they did in Russia. So don't concentrate or obsess over these nonsensical and factually untrue statements. Just concentrate on the acts, not the words.”
For most people, car buying is a process. There's research on different makes and models, and then whether to buy new or used. Then, of course, you have to find the right price to fit your budget. At Yonkers Honda, we were interested in discovering the car buying habits of Americans across the country. So, we decided to survey 500 people who had bought a car within the last 36 months, asking a variety of questions involving how they go about buying a car.
First, we looked at whether people were buying new or used cars. Overall, the split was fairly even. When we broke it down by geographical region, there were some noticeable differences. The West, for example, had the highest rate of new car buyers. The Midwest, on the other hand, had the highest rate of used car buyers.
To start research on a car to buy, many people turn to online sources. Kelley Blue Book was the most popular choice, followed by local dealership websites. Edmunds.com and Consumer Reports were the two least popular options.
As far as time spent researching cars before actually making the purchase, it was interesting to see the breakdowns by regions of the country. While most of the United States said they only spent a couple days, the West had the most of any region. The Northeast seemed to be the most cautious with the highest number of respondents who said they took 6 months or more on research.
Then, we looked at how many times people checked the price online before buying. When looking at men and women, men checked more than 5 times at a significantly higher rate than women. Women also had the higher response rate of one online check.
For in-person visits to the dealership, we analyzed the numbers based on age groups. Surprisingly, people ages 55 - 64 had the highest response rate of just one visit. Interestingly, people ages 18 - 24 had the highest rate of going 5 or more times. Middle-aged people said they had 3 - 5 visits to the dealership more than any other group.
When it came to the most important factors considered in the purchasing decision, affordability was number one, followed by comfort and then safety. Technology was last. When broken down by gender, women preferred safety slightly more than comfort. Men prioritized technology around 8 points higher than women.
Breaking down the priorities by region, the West valued comfort the most. The West also had many more people who wanted technology in their cars. Those in the South had the highest amount of people who prioritized style compared to any other region.
Finally, we looked at the amount negotiated on the price. When analyzed by region, the South was the region that negotiated the most off the final price. The Midwest, however, had the most responses of zero dollars negotiated.
When looking at men and women, there were a number of differences. Just over a third of men said they negotiated more than $2,000 off the final price compared to 22% of women. As far as bringing the price down between $1 - $2,000, the stats were fairly even. But when it came to negotiating $0 off, women were 8 points higher than men at just over 28%.
Doctor Who – The Day of the Doctor (2013)
The screenplay predictive algorithms at Saw It For You got a little breather this weekend — despite their best efforts, they could not have foreseen the crazy plot twists and turns in the BBC's 50th anniversary episode of Doctor Who. I got a chance to watch it in the backseat of a Mercury minivan, and it is truly mind-blowing. Don't get left behind around the water cooler — we've got the inside goods on The Day of the Doctor.
Synopsis. The 50th anniversary episode of Doctor Who at long last deals with the central mystery of the series: who was Blatchley-Down Crimmits?
Trivia
According to series writer Steven Moffat, “the 50th anniversary of the show was a wonderful opportunity to revisit why the Doctor can never be a woman.”
For the first time, overt product placement has crept into Doctor Who, such as the T-Mobile logo on the TARDIS door and the 11th Doctor's Sonicare Screwdriver.
A new catchphrase from the episode has already caught on like wildfire in the fan community: “Goobly-gorbly physics-wizzics”
Peter Capaldi as the 12th Doctor was only visible for a brief moment, but still long enough to speak his signature line: “Some motherfuckers always trying to ice skate uphill.”
In addition to Capaldi's official reveal, close examination of the figure behind him shows his likely companion: Selena Gomez.
This marks the first time the Doctor had a trademark tool other than the sonic screwdriver: the sonic Colt AR-15 semi-automatic service rifle with night scope.
Due to Alex Kingston's unavailability, the part of River Song in the episode was recast and played by Cardboard Standup of Alex Kingston.
The TARDIS Time Clown was voiced by Breckin Meyer.
Mistakes
Plot hole. Doctor Who (BBC, 1963-2013).
Doctor Who (BBC, 1963-2013). Continuity error. A highly anticipated scene where the 10th and 11th Doctors make out does not appear in the episode, despite being promised in an interview Steven Moffat did in my fanfic.
A highly anticipated scene where the 10th and 11th Doctors make out does not appear in the episode, despite being promised in an interview Steven Moffat did in my fanfic. In the scene where River Song and the War Doctor are escaping the Dalek King, a real TARDIS is visible behind the prop TARDIS.
When the 11th Doctor points his sonic screwdriver at the Cyberhorse, he shouts “expecto patronum.” The line is supposed to be “science fiction version of expecto patronum.“
When Rory's parallel clone asks how they used the TARDIS to escape when it had been “completely disabled” the entire episode, the Doctor forgets to disarmingly smile in a charming, goofy way that can be made into an animated GIF.
Incorrectly regarded as goof. In many of the scenes where the Doctor uses his new transforming multi-sonic screwdriver, he holds out an empty hand as if the visual effects for the CGI screwdriver are missing. However, the screwdriver can activate an “invisibility mode” whenever it feels like it.
In many of the scenes where the Doctor uses his new transforming multi-sonic screwdriver, he holds out an empty hand as if the visual effects for the CGI screwdriver are missing. However, the screwdriver can activate an “invisibility mode” whenever it feels like it. Incorrectly regarded as goof. In space combat, the TARDIS shakes violently, but sometimes its passengers do not react to the shaking, making it seem like the actors missed their cue to shake along with the camera. This is because the TARDIS can activate an “inertial stability booster” whenever it feels like it.
In space combat, the TARDIS shakes violently, but sometimes its passengers do not react to the shaking, making it seem like the actors missed their cue to shake along with the camera. This is because the TARDIS can activate an “inertial stability booster” whenever it feels like it. Incorrectly regarded as goof. There is no reference in all fifty years of Doctor Who to “telepathic time coins,” but when the Doctor says “Of course! The telepathic time coins I always carry!” he is not wrong; it's just an example of ever-changing, impossible-to-predict ebb and flow of the time stream.
There is no reference in all fifty years of Doctor Who to “telepathic time coins,” but when the Doctor says “Of course! The telepathic time coins I always carry!” he is not wrong; it's just an example of ever-changing, impossible-to-predict ebb and flow of the time stream. Telepathic time coins would likely not be accepted by London toll booths.
Come to think of it, given all the Doctor's resources, having the TARDIS be stopped at a regular toll booth for three hours due to a lack of exact change seems unlikely.
When the War Doctor's faceplate falls off to reveal that he's actually a Cyberman piloted by a Dalek mutant, you can see the other faceplate accidentally shift long before the second reveal that he's actually just the War Doctor.
Plot hole. In the first thirty seconds of the cold open, the universe is at risk because “all possible universes are imploding at infinity a billion times the speed of light” and the 11th Doctor has only “one-over-infinity seconds to re-explode all impossible negative universes” to prevent the infinite oh my God who cares I can't believe this is even a thing, how can you have drama when the stakes are ratcheted this high every five minutes
Memorable Quotes
The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network is hoping to lift the veil on the use of anonymous companies for financial transactions by forcing financial firms to disclose and verify the identities of the actual people, or “beneficial owners,” behind the transactions.
FinCEN issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on Wednesday to amend the existing regulations under the Bank Secrecy Act to help prevent the use of anonymous companies to engage in or launder the proceeds of illegal activity in the U.S. financial sector.
The proposed rule aims to clarify and strengthen the customer due diligence obligations of banks and other financial institutions (including brokers or dealers in securities, mutual funds, futures commission merchants, and introducing brokers in commodities).
The proposed amendments would also add a new requirement that these entities know and verify the identities of the real people who own, control and profit from the companies they service.
“The beneficial ownership requirement is intended to provide us with an important new tool to track down the real people behind companies that abuse our financial system to secretly move and launder their illicit gains,” said David S. Cohen, Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, in a statement. “Along with meeting our international commitments, this rule would make our financial system more transparent by exposing the activities of illicit actors who will no longer be able to hide behind their anonymity.”
The proposed rule comes after the Treasury conducted extensive outreach and discussion with various financial institutions and regulatory agencies. The proposed amendments would build upon post-9/11 augmentation of the regulations designed to protect the U.S. financial system.
The Treasury contended that it would make valuable information needed to disrupt illicit finance networks available to law enforcement, and the resulting increase in financial transparency would enhance the ability of financial institutions and law enforcement to identify the assets and accounts of criminals and national security threats.
The rule also would further U.S. commitments in the G-8 Action Plan for Transparency of Company Ownership and Control, which was published in June 2013.
Customer due diligence would include four core elements: identifying and verifying the identity of customers; identifying and verifying the beneficial owners of legal entity customers; understanding the nature and purpose of customer relationships; and conducting ongoing monitoring to maintain and update customer information and to identify and report suspicious transactions. Financial institutions would need to collect the beneficial ownership information in a standardized format. They would also have to identify and verify any individual who owns 25 percent of more of a legal entity, and an individual who controls the legal entity.
Comments on the proposal will be accepted for 60 days from the date of its publication in the Federal Register.
SICK… Dead Child Used for Terrorist Propaganda Was Killed By Hamas – Not Israel
Egypt Prime Minister Hisham Kandil traveled to Gaza this week.
While in Gaza Kandil was shown the body of a dead child at the Gaza hospital.
He paused for a few photos.
Senior Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh (2nd R) and Egypt's Prime Minister Hisham Kandil (2nd L) touch the body of a Palestinian boy, who was killed in an Israeli air strike, during a visit to a hospital in Gaza today. (Reuters)
Egypt's Prime Minister wept as he kissed the forehead of a boy killed in an Israeli airstrike on Gaza.
But it was all a lie.
Hamas not only uses their children as human shields (firing rockets from kindergartens), but is, also, using their children's dead bodies as propaganda…and lying. They claimed that the child in this picture, being held by Egyptian PM Kandil, was killed by an Israeli airstrike in Gaza. That's a lie. He was killed by a Hamas rocket.
Elder of Ziyon reported,
CNN takes it as a given that young Mahmoud Sadallah (Sadhala) was killed by an Israeli airstrike. Only one problem: he was killed by a Hamas rocket that fell short in Gaza. There is a lot of evidence for this. Read the New York Times' account of his death: The Abu Wardah family woke up on Friday morning to word that a hudna — Arabic for cease-fire — had been declared during the three-hour visit of the Egyptian prime minister to this embattled territory. So, after two days of huddling indoors to avoid intensifying Israeli air assaults, Abed Abu Wardah, the patriarch, went to the market to buy fruits and vegetables. His 22-year-old son, Aiman, took an empty blue canister to be refilled with cooking gas. The younger children of their neighborhood, Annazla, in this town north of Gaza City went out to the dirt alley to kick a soccer ball. But around 9:45 a.m., family members and neighbors said, an explosion struck a doorway near the Abu Wardah home, killing Aiman Abu Wardah as he returned from his errand, as well as Mahmoud Sadallah, 4, who lived next door and had refused his older cousin's pleas to stay indoors. It is unclear who was responsible for the strike on Annazla: the damage was nowhere near severe enough to have come from an Israeli F-16, raising the possibility that an errant missile fired by Palestinian militants was responsible for the deaths. What seems clear is that expectations for a pause in the fighting, for at least one family, were tragically misplaced. The IDF did not launch any airstrikes in Gaza while Egyptian PM Kandil was in Gaza. AP adds: Mahmoud Sadallah, the 4-year-old Gaza boy whose death moved Egypt's prime minister to tears, was from the town of Jebaliya, close to Gaza City. The boy died Friday in hotly disputed circumstances. The boy's aunt, Hanan Sadallah, and his grief-stricken father Iyad — weak from crying and leaning on others to walk — said Mahmoud was killed in an Israeli airstrike. Hamas security officials also made that claim. Israel vehemently denied involvement, saying it had not carried out any attacks in the area at the time. Mahmoud's family said the boy was in an alley close to his home when he was killed, along with a man of about 20, but no one appeared to have witnessed the strike. The area showed signs that a projectile might have exploded there, with shrapnel marks in the walls of surrounding homes and a shattered kitchen window. But neighbors said local security officials quickly took what remained of the projectile, making it impossible to verify who fired it.
Of course, this isn't the first time Hamas has pulled this trick. It won't be the last.
Maybe next time CNN will practice unbiased journalism and report the truth. Don't hold your breath.
UPDATE: Here's another faked photo by Hamas.
Overcast skies didn't dampen memories of Ronald Reagan — and this year, in particular, of his wife, Nancy — during the celebration of what would have been his 106th birthday Monday at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley.
That's where more than 600 people watched a wreath-laying ceremony at the former president's grave and listened under a large tent as memories of the nation's 40th president flowed.
Those remembrances came in speeches by a general and a journalist, both of whom remembered Reagan as a graceful leader who could staunchly defend democracy and inspire patriotism but who could get beyond political barriers to find common ground.
“Through his leadership, President Reagan brought pride back to our military, believing that military service in the armed forces of the United States is a profound service to all human kind,” said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, commanding general at Camp Pendleton Marine Base.
President Donald Trump designated the wreath be laid on his behalf, a ceremony that also included a color guard, a 21-gun salute and remarks by Killea and Sam Donaldson, the former ABC News White House reporter who covered Reagan during his eight years as president in the 1980s.
Members of the Reagan family attended, including Reagan's son Michael and his family. Also attending were elected officials and, along with Killea, other personnel from Camp Pendleton, which has been helping to present the ceremony at the library for 13 years.
Killea, who came of age in the Marines when Reagan led the nation, remembered a leader who expanded the military budget, allowing for innovation and pride in the U.S. armed forces.
Reagan instilled a sense that “democracy is worth dying for, because it is the most deeply honorable form of government devised by man,” the general said.
Nancy Reagan, who died last year and was buried next to her husband at the Simi Valley presidential library, was also remembered Monday as the crowd offered applause for her part in the Reagan legacy.
That legacy included two defining moments for the former president, Donaldson said:
When he fired striking air traffic controllers and the assassination attempt on his life.
“I soon discovered when something was truly important to him as the top guy, he focused on it,” Donaldson said. “He knew what was going on. And he was not hesitant to make decisions.”
From air traffic controllers to his speech on the bringing down of the Berlin Wall, Donaldson remembered Reagan's humor and leadership style, where focusing on the “big picture” and finding “good people” to do the right jobs and letting them do it was at a premium.
Of course, there were the not-so-good times, such as the Iran-Contra affair, where Donaldson remembered a president who “stumbled” politically but who “stumbled for the right reasons.”
“In my view he was a Hollywood original,” Donaldson said, who added that Reagan was an optimist.
He inspired others to have confidence in America and in a great “shining city on a hill,” where people lived in harmony and the “doors were open” to anyone with the will and heart to come here.
In a time of division in the United States, Donaldson said that optimism was notable.
“I hope we can see to it that that vision — his vision — continues to describe America,” Donaldson said.
CBS Television Studios has just announced that it will be introducing a "totally new" Star Trek TV series in January of 2017, the first since Star Trek: Enterprise went off the air in 2005. This TV rebirth follows the two latest movies, and though the press release says nothing about when or where the new series will take place, it seems safe to say that the show will exist in the new continuity created by JJ Abrams' 2009 Trek film.
Alex Kurtzman, co-writer and producer of both Star Trek (2009) and Star Trek Into Darkness, will be the executive producer for the new show. He'll team up with Heather Kadin, who Kurtzman collaborated with on shows including Sleepy Hollow, Scorpion, Limitless, and others. Kurtzman's resume stretches all the way back to shows like Xena: Warrior Princess and Alias.
This isn't the first time that Trek has used the popularity of its movies to launch a new television series. The original series aired for three seasons from 1966 to 1969, and the cast returned for a run of popular films in the late '70s and '80s. The success of those films led to the launch of the still-popular The Next Generation in 1987, which in turn launched Deep Space Nine, Voyager, and Enterprise over the course of the '90s and early 2000s.
CBS is using the new series to push its "CBS All Access" streaming service—first-run episodes will initially be available exclusively on All Access (as opposed to Hulu or other streaming services). The service costs $5.99 a month and is available on most major streaming platforms, including the Apple TV, Roku, Android TV, and Chromecast. The series "will also be distributed concurrently for television and multiple platforms around the world by CBS Studios International."
New rules by President Barack Obama's Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) will require officials at homeless shelters to let men who say they are transgender into the same bedrooms, toilets and showers as homeless women.
The rules are being lauded by gay-advocacy organizations who support the transgender ideology, which insists that government must use its power to minimize legal and civic recognition of the differences between men and women.
According to David Stacy, government affairs director at the Human Rights Campaign, the new rules maintain that, “Transgender women are women regardless of whether they were born male,” The Hill reports.
“If you're a transgender woman and you walk into a homeless shelter and they treat you like a man, it's traumatizing” for the man-who-wants-to-be-a-woman, the activist added. “These people are already vulnerable, they're homeless, they don't have a job. To face discrimination the entire time they're there is a real problem.”
The new homeless shelter rule comes on the heels of Obama's new Fair Housing Act which ruled that felons can't be denied a rental apartment based on their criminal history.
But the housing act also notes prospective renters cannot be denied because of race, religion or gender. So despite the lack of any clarification from Congress or the courts, many of Obama's deputies are declaring that a group's refusal to accept a person's claim about their preferred sex is legally equivalent to discrimination against people because of their actual biological sex. And so, regulators now want to extend the transgender coverage to government-funded homeless shelters.
Operators of shelters worry that being forced to treat transgender men as women will create a dangerous situation for the homeless women who seek out the shelters to escape abusive relationships.
In fact, John Ashmen, president of the Association of Gospel Rescue Missions, said he's already heard that the new rules are creating a problematic situation.
“One of the guests at a rescue mission overheard someone on the street saying, ‘Dude, if you go down to the rescue mission and tell them you're transgender, you can sleep in the women's dorm and even shower with them,'” Ashmen told the paper. “So that idea is out there, but I don't know of any missions that have called the police because of it.”
Supporters of the rules change point out that HUD does warn that the rules shouldn't be warped for illicit desires. David Stacy noted that the rules some worries are ripe for abuse won't be a “get-out-of-jail-free card” for men who might seek to prey on women who are already vulnerable.
Stacy points out that in its proposal for the rules HUD said, “Nothing in this proposed rule is meant to prevent necessary and appropriate steps to address any fraudulent attempts to access services or legitimate safety concerns that may arise in any shelter.”
Tim Wildmon, president of the American Family Association also criticized the rule, calling it all about politics. “Why do you have to force other people to feel really uncomfortable, and in some cases unsafe, just to make your political point?” he asked.
Wildmon also worried that the rules would be too easily abused and would likely put women seeking a safe place to sleep in danger of being harassed — or worse — by sexual predators.
Critics also worry of violence breaking out among those seeking shelter. Indeed, in May a man claiming to be a transgender woman was attacked in a Vermont homeless shelter and later died from his wounds.
Ultimately, since Congress has not passed any specific transgender-friendly laws, these new rules would apply only to shelters that receive federal funding for their operating budget and would not affect wholly private shelters.
Fewer than 1 in 2,500 adult Americans have changed their name to the other gender, according to a study of the 2010 census.
In general, the transgender ideology says the state should require every American to validate every person's choice of created “gender identity,” even though a man who wants to be a woman is still a man by every known scientific measure of evolutionary life. For example, an Oregon law recently allowed a jury to award $60,000 t0 a transgender teacher because other teachers declined to use the teacher's preferred pronoun, which is “they” rather than “him” or “her.” New York City has also established similar forced-speech rules.
The ideology's claim that the state must enforce a new right to “gender identity” also means that the state must ignore and often dismantle many civic rules that evolved to help the two distinct sexes — men and boys, women and girls — meet their legally equal, but different and complementary, needs. For example, the transgender ideological demand means that single-sex bathrooms and locker rooms must be opened up to people of the opposite sex, regardless of age, and without any verification of created “gender identity.”
As a result, it is now an offense in Washington State to ask a man in a woman's bathroom if he thinks he is male or female. Similarly, Obama and gay advocacy groups have slammed a popular North Carolina law, dubbed HB2, because it requires people to undergo medical procedures before they can use a bathroom reserved for the opposite sex. Teenage boys who say they are girls are also allowed to compete against girl athletes — and to bump them off the winner's podium.
Students in at least two schools have protested the new ideology, which are being imposed on children in Oregon, Washington and several other states. Recent polls show the public strongly opposes the federal gender-identity ideology in schools.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Brand New Day Counseling Melissa Leonhardt, MA NCC LPC
WELCOME
This is where to visit if you need Gender Therapy, help with Transitioning, or Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual issues. I can also help if you are having problems with Depression, Anxiety, Relationship concerns, and any everyday situational issues.
MAKE AN APPOINTMENT FOR AN ONLINE SESSION
STEP 1: Send an Email directly to brandnewdaycounseling@gmail.com or fill out our contact form.
STEP 2: Put in the body of the text times that you are available for the appointment as well as counseling you are requesting. ** PLEASE LET ME KNOW YOUR TIME ZONE / WHERE YOU LIVE.
STEP 3: You will receive an Email back within 48 hours. We will set up an appointment time to chat Online.
People can often express in written words what they cannot express in person. It can offer the freedom to think privately about what needs to be said and communicate back and forth at your own pace. At the same time, an individual may be spared any discomfort about speaking particular thoughts out loud.
I also specialize in providing counseling to the LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender) community for everyday situations or more severe concerns.
Most people take better care of their cars than their own emotional health. Every once in a while, your psyche needs a tune-up too.
Potential Benefits of Online Counseling
Being able to send and receive messages at any time of day or night Never having to leave messages with intermediaries, voice mail, and telephone tag Being able to take as long as one wants to compose and having the opportunity to reflect upon one's messages Automatically having a record of communications (I will Email you the transcript from our counseling session if you would like) to refer to later Feeling less inhibited than in person
As a Licensed Professional Counselor, I can assist with many of the associated difficulties encountered when trying to reach your ultimate goal of 'real life' experience and 'self-identification' in your specific gender. Online I offer a thorough assessment of readiness within a time limited framework. If at the end of the assessment period you are ready for surgery you will receive the appropriate letters of recommendation for hormone meds treatment or any other supporting documents which can then be forwarded on to your chosen Doctor. The assessment adheres to the standards and guidelines as laid down by the WPATH standards (current version 7) criteria.
If you feel that you could benefit from the counseling that I offer, please send an e-mail to brandnewdaycounseling@gmail.com or fill out our contact form.
Polls show Chris Coons leading Christine O'Donnell by double digits. | AP Polls: Coons up big on O'Donnell
Chris Coons, the Democratic candidate for the Delaware Senate seat once held by Vice President Joe Biden, has a substantial lead over his GOP opponent Christine O'Donnell, according to two polls released Wednesday.
A University of Delaware poll shows Coons with a 19-point lead over tea party favorite O'Donnell. His advantage widens to 24 points — 61 to 37 percent — when the poll estimates the probable preferences of the 13 percent of respondents who said they were undecided.
Story Continued Below
A poll from Fairleigh Dickinson University has Coons up 17 points on O'Donnell — the tea party candidate who last month upset Rep. Michael Castle in the GOP primary.
The Fairleigh Dickinson survey also found that only 68 percent of Republicans plan to vote for O'Donnell, as opposed to the 85 percent of Democrats who have united behind Coons.
The swing in favorability for Coons has been substantial since O'Donnell's primary win. A Rasmussen Reports poll taken days before the Sept. 14 primary showed that Castle would beat Coons by 11 points.
O'Donnell has been the subject of intense media coverage over the past month, thanks not only to her upset victory over Castle but also to an endorsement from Sarah Palin and the release of several controversial quotes made in the late 1990s on Bill Maher's ABC show.
The latest focus came Monday after O'Donnell released a TV ad in which she declared she is not a witch — referring to one of the clips from Maher's show.
Kriste aghdga (Karbelashvili variants - East Georgia)
The Karbelashvili family preserved the oral tradition of liturgical chant in Georgia throughout the 19th century.
During this period, the Georgian Church was under the supervision (some would call it suppression) of the Russian Orthodox Church and its appointed Exarch from St. Petersburg. Some exarchs favored Georgian Orthodox culture, frescoes, singing... but the vast majority of them did not. The seminaries were conducted in Russian, and Russian 4-part harmony chant was taught and disseminated via the seminaries. As a result, the knowledge of Georgian three-voiced traditional chant went into decline as the transmission of this music in Church institutions was usurped by Russian Orthodox cultural norms. For more on this topic, see the dissertation, "The Transcription and Transmission of Georgian Liturgical Chant" (John A. Graham, Princeton, 2015).
Petre Karbela-Khmaladze (1754-1848) studied East Georgian chant in the 1700s in the Davit Gareji Monastery and the Svetitskhoveli Cathedral. His son Grigol (1812-1880) was a professional chanter and taught at the Bodbe Monastery in 1860-1861, and later at the Tbilisi Seminary for a brief period. Grigol's five sons were the last generation of highly-knowledgeable master chanters. Vasil (1858-1936), in particular, was instrumental in preserving this important school of Georgian traditional chant. After learning European notation, he personally transcribed some 500 ornamental chants. His brother Poliekvtos transcribed simple chant variants. Other composers such as Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov also transcribed chants from the Karbelashvili brothers in the 1880s.
The melodies of the Vasil Karbelashvili variants are the same as the West Georgian variants, but the lower harmonizing voices are quite different. The middle voice displays the kind of ornamentation favored in East Georgia: a flowing line that passes between one chord and the next.
There are at least two variants (if not more). Here I provide notation for "Variant #1", and "Variant #2."
Performance tips:
When it comes to quality of life, there are few countries that can supersede America in terms of luxury, comfort and overall well-being. Not even Canada or Britain exceeds the United States in quality of life. However, Norway, an oil-rich country situated in the Scandinavian Peninsula, undeniably outstrips the American standard of living.
The United States has a lower per capita GDP than Norway with a GDP of 51,749 compared to 99,558, respectively, and is also home to one of the most pressing income distribution gaps in any industrialized nation, surpassed in income inequality by only Russia and Mexico.
Due to America's cavernous income inequality, the poorest 38% of Norwegians are better off than the poorest 38% of Americans despite an overall lower average per capita GDP. According to Syracuse University professor Timothy Smeeding, the United States relies heavily on the markets to an extent that social safety nets are neglected, unlike Norway, which focuses more resources on providing aid to the poor.
This is not to say that America completely disregards its poor. To clarify, the United States has initiated its portion of socially-oriented acts, such as its attempt to reform the welfare system during the past two decades.
However, while the number of individuals on welfare was reduced from 5 million to slightly over 2 million, the welfare poor were downgraded into the working poor. Although welfare reform was rooted in good intentions, the lack of government safety nets defeated the purpose of the entire act.
Although the discovery of oil on the land in 1969 had transformed Norway, more than just an abundance of the valued natural resource buttresses Norway's economy. Norway's success has been attributed to what many call the “Norwegian Model”– a model of running a welfare state in which resources are carefully monitored, preserved and kept up-to-date.
While the United States ranks among one of the wealthiest nations in the world, it has stayed remiss in establishing social safety nets, particularly for the less economically-advantaged subsection of the population. Due to the lack of social safety nets, America hosts one of the largest global income inequality gaps, and is ultimately surpassed by the tiny welfare state of Norway in terms of quality of life.
– Phoebe Pradhan
Sources: Infoplease, CS Monitor, World Bank, News in English
Photo: The Telegraph
FOX NEWS: Scaring white people since 1996 and damn proud of it
I don't allow members of my household to turn on Fox News. Then again, since the members of my household are all dogs, this is not a problem.
My main concern, however, is that within less than 48 hours all of that will change and an actual person of the human persuasion will be arriving for an “extended visit.” It has been brought to my attention, that although a liberal thinker, this person actually enjoys FOX News, because she appreciates a different perspective. So, what do I do? Do I apply the dog rules to all of those who have beating hearts? Should I be afraid? Should I be very afraid? Please help me out. I need you….
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
This story first appeared on the ProPublica website.
For years, state Democratic parties have been gathering information about individual voters' political leanings. They have noted down the opinions voters shared with canvassers—which candidates they said they supported or their positions on policy issues.
Now, the record of what people told Democratic volunteers may go up for sale—and not just to political groups. Democrats are looking into whether credit card companies, retailers like Target or other commercial interests may want to buy the information.
State Democratic party leaders formed the National Voter File Co-op in 2011 to sell their voter data to approved groups like the NAACP. The goal was to recoup some of the money local Democratic parties spent collecting and updating their local voter lists, which include voters of all parties.
Much of the data the co-op sells comes from the government and is already part of the public record—information such as voters' names, addresses and party affiliation.
But local Democratic parties also have information about voters' views and preferences collected over many campaign cycles. (We wrote about Minnesota's data-collecting “Grandma Brigade” last month.) Some state Democratic parties have used this raw data to create sophisticated estimates of how likely any voter is to vote for a Democrat, support Barack Obama or have certain opinions, say, on abortion or gun control.
As the co-op moves into its second year of selling data in an already crowded marketplace, it's looking for new potential clients—and companies who may use the data for commercial purposes, as opposed to political ones, are on the list.
“That's one of our growth areas,” said Drew Brighton of TargetSmart Communications, which helps administer and market the Co-op's data. “Over the next six months, we are going to go ahead and make the rounds with some corporate prospects.”
Brighton said retailers, for example, might be interested in figuring out if their customers are primarily Democrats or Republicans. “People want to know who shops in their stores,” he said.
Democrats involved with the co-op do not know what companies might be most interested in buying their voter data.
“What the co-op is doing is saying, ‘Look, there's a wealth of information here, that could potentially benefit your corporation or your business interests,'” said Ken Martin, a member of the co-op's board, and the chairman of Minnesota's Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party.
“Everything is on the table, nothing's off the table. It's up to us to figure out what [data] there's a market for, and whether there's a comfort level among state parties for selling that information,” he said.
Each state Democratic Party will have the final say over whether to sell their voter information for commercial purposes. If state party leaders aren't comfortable with selling proprietary data to a certain client, they can opt out.
Individual states have different laws about how their public voting records can be used. Many states mandate that public voter rolls can only be used for “political purposes,” and some states explicitly ban using voting records for “commercial purposes.” The co-op and its clients must abide by these rules.
But state political data laws do not apply to the information about voters that the party itself has gathered.
“Generally, information freely provided to the party by the voter, or data about who participated in a primary [that the party collects] is not subject to any prohibition on it being sold,” said Karl Sandstrom, a former vice-chairman of the Federal Elections Commission and an attorney for the co-op.
This means Democrats are free to sell the opinions voters give to campaign canvassers to credit card companies or marketing firms.
Whether they will choose to do this isn't certain. Martin, the Minnesota Democratic chairman, said that party leaders will have to weigh the risks of any potential deal.
“Obviously, we know we could make money off our file, but it always comes back to the question of, at what cost?” Martin said.
He said he would evaluate commercial deals on a case-by-case basis.
“I'm not opposed to selling the data if it's a corporation who shares our values and is going to do some good work with that data.”
Wal-Mart, for instance, would not make the cut, he said.
Whether corporations are interested in buying the co-op's data remains to be seen. Wal-Mart did not respond to a request for comment about whether it would be interested in buying information about its customers' political beliefs.
Consumer data companies like Experian already peddle information about individuals' political beliefs and donation histories—and also link this information to their consumer habits. This November, Experian Simmons released a study breaking down the political leanings of shoppers at J. Crew, Lady Foot Locker, and more than 100 other major retailers.
But the fact that selling voters' opinions to companies is even an option for Democrats is another example of how rapidly the data industry is evolving—and how little information individuals have about how their data is being shared.
In his “Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights,” released last year, President Barack Obama argued that when companies collect personal data from consumers, they should only share it in ways consumers expect.
If a company decides it wants to share personal information in a new way, Obama suggested, it should notify the consumers who are affected and provide them with choices about how their data is used.
Although Obama pledged to work with Congress to make the Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights into law, that hasn't happened yet.
Joseph Turow, a privacy expert at the University of Pennsylvania's Annenberg School for Communication, said the possibility that Democrats might repurpose voters' opinions for commercial marketing is problematic—particularly because they had collected that information through “a relationship of trust” with voters.
Both Democrats and Republicans have long traded information about voters' opinions with outside political groups. Long-time Republican activists have created a new group, the Data Trust, to manage the Republican National Committee's data and coordinate data exchanges between the RNC and conservative and issue advocacy groups.
Asked if the Republican Party sells the party's proprietary data to retailers or credit card companies, RNC spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowsi wrote, “Absolutely not—hasn't happened in past and won't in [the] future.”
The Obama campaign's own closely guarded trove of voter information will be used to mobilize support for the president's agenda through a new nonprofit advocacy group, Organizing for Action, led by top Obama aides.
It's not clear what other groups may be given access to Obama's voter data. Organizing for Action did not respond to a request for comment. Staffers have said that passing on the campaign's voter information to an Obama-focused nonprofit reflects the wishes of the president's supporters, although supporters were not asked directly about how the campaign should treat their data.
Sandstrom, the lawyer for the state Democratic parties' National Voter File Co-op, said he doubted the co-op would actually end up selling voters' opinions for commercial uses, calling it an “abstract concern.”
Democratic Party chairs were not eager to weigh in on the issue.
Last week, ProPublica contacted 11 Democratic state party chairs—some of them newly elected to their positions—about the National Voter File Co-op. Party chairs in Colorado, Florida, Iowa, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland, North Carolina, Nevada, Utah, Virginia and Wisconsin declined or did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
New Hampshire Democratic chair Ray Buckley, who leads the Association of State Democratic Chairs, also declined to comment.
Jason Storey (aka apieceoffruit) is a VR developer, Left-Handed VR podcast co-host, and all-around VR enthusiast who has worked on number of different VR experiences. He talks about working on the gaze-control mechanism in the cinematic VR experience of Colosse, which was a Silver experience award winner in the Oculus Mobile Game Jam. He's also working on Echo Red with Nick Pittom, which is an experience that uses the Oculus Touch and Vive motion controllers in order to make you feel like a superhero. Jason has been able to work on projects ranging the full spectrum from passive cinematic VR experiences to the other end of the interactivity spectrum with full motion controls, and so he's got a lot of interesting perspectives and ideas about the strengths and weaknesses of VR as a medium for expression.
LISTEN TO THE VOICES OF VR PODCAST
Become a Patron! Support The Voices of VR Podcast Patreon
Theme music: “Fatality” by Tigoolio
Subscribe to the Voices of VR podcast.
N-Sonic's management agency C2K Entertainment responds to reports of N-Sonic going MIA on their schedules.
According to an industry insider on May 23, N-Sonic returned to Korea on May 9 after wrapping up concerts in Japan. Since then, all the N-Sonic members have reportedly cut off communication with their agency.
None of the N-Sonic members showed up to the various schedules that the agency had planned for them last week, including a K-Star public broadcast, a Chinese television shoot, and leader J.Heart's final fan meeting before he enlists for mandatory military service.
C2K Entertainment reportedly attempted to get in touch with the members of N-Sonic multiple times but to no avail and ended up cancelling all of the events.
On May 23, C2K Entertainment confirmed the reports and responded, “We give a humble apology to all the fans who have supported N-Sonic and all those who have helped [N-Sonic]. We are still attempting to get in touch with all the members, but they are not responding. We are considering taking formal legal action once we figure out the situation.”
According to C2K Entertainment, the members sought an attorney unilaterally to find a way to terminate their seven-year exclusive contract, which they have approximately four years left to fulfill. On May 17, the N-Sonic members sent their agency a request for contract termination by way of their attorney.
Meanwhile, at least one of the members have been active on social media since the group went rogue; J.Heart just the other day updated his Instagram.
What are your thoughts on this situation?
May sure to stay tuned for updates as we wait for a response from N-Sonic.
Source (1) (2) (3)
In the future, radical life extension will emerge as a main topic of political discussion. I can easily envision a moment a decade from now when 10 or 20 percent of representative seats in a large country will be held by transhumanists.
However, at the current time, there is only surprisingly small political activity for life extension. Why? Is it due to the inertia of traditional political thinking… which is devoted to territorial and economical questions? I don't think so. Today most people are NOT starving…
But… they are still DYING.
The first political demonstration for radical life extension was organized by my colleague Michael Batin in Moscow on the 24th of September 2011. Michael had previous political experience in Russia's Kostroma region where he successfully won an election against the ruling party with a party composed of retired people – the “Pensioners Party.”
100 people attended the September 24, 2011 event. Speakers talked about life extension and the philosophy of transhumanism, and I gave a speech about existential risks. Immortalist and revolutionary music was playing.
In 2012 we organized the International Longevity Party as the first-ever political party with a transhumanist ideology. We understand that life extension is a topic that can unite radical transhumanists with the needs of ordinary people.
The first international meeting of Longevity party members took place during an Aging conference in Brussels in December 2012. I suggested there: let's go out to the main square in Brussels, carrying slogans against aging. I printed banners and the next day 20 people assembled for a short photo session near a futuristic Christmas tree.
I need to mention that my attitude to street action was changing at that time. In 2011 I was very afraid of street action because the repressive nature of the Russian government was well known. However, we have had more street protests in Russia after that election and we lost our fears during them. I also understand that I have nothing to lose – I am going to die anyway in the next 20-40 years – if we will not reach significant life extension. Plus, peaceful actions are categorized as legal expressions of freedom of speech. Additionally, I was very encouraged by a movie “How to survive a plague” about gays fighting for developing anti-HIV drugs.
After I read Hank Pellissier's article about lack of transhuman political street action in US, I understood that I should organize one as I am now living in the USA and I know how to do it. I decided to go to Google and I wanted other activists to join me, but I decided – even if no one goes with me, I have unbending intent to go anyway, by myself.
I was lucky to find Sarah Jordan Amechazurra, Michael Anissimov, and Jason Xu, to do the action with me. I decided it was important to have an action in two cities in one time with the same slogans as it shows unity and determination.
Google is the ideal place for actions in California because of past actions with Google bus in San Francisco. Also Google is doing a lot to promote life extension by creating a Calico company which promises (from the pages of Times magazine) to “solve death.”
We decided to express our support to Google in Googleplex – Google campus in Mountain View. Some people were afraid that such action could startle Google and they would have to say that they are not transhumanist. But if Time magazine is not afraid to say it – why should we?
On the 26 of February 2014, me, Michael Anissimov and Jason Xu went to Googleplex with slogans that said “Immortality Now”, “Google, please solve death”, “Viva Calico”, and “I demand funding for anti-aging research”.
We also did a parallel action in New York's Union Square with the same slogans, with the help of the most ever beautiful Sarah Jordan Amechazurra.
California is having a famous drought but at that day was the heaviest rain all season. We were immediately and totally wet as well were our slogans. Plus there were not many people around. We decided to stay near the sculpture of the “Green Android Robot” because it is the most recognizable structure in Googleplex.
We stood for maybe ten minutes and soon we saw a couple of security cars on the corners. Some people were looking at us from the building windows. We suggested to people passing by that they could participate.
Soon we were approached by two courteous guards who asked if we were protesting. We said that we are supporting radical life extension and a making photo session. They said that the territory is private and we can't make any protest here. We stopped our action and took our car and drive away. It was still a strong rain and we went to Chinese restaurant.
I hope that the drought in California is now over.
My opinion is this – people who want radical life extension are very bored, after reading hundreds of blog post and books on the topic. People need action and fun that collective actions could easily provide.
I have learned several realities about actions; here they are:
1. Participants and photography are important, but bystanders are not.
2. You need actions that encourage participants to become more committed to the goal of the action.
3. People will have strong emotion during the action.
4. The main result of the action is photos on the Facebook, so you should invest in high quality photos. It is best to take photos with several different cameras with as many photographers as possible. If you have one actionist and 10 photographers that can be a “great action.”
5. The action should be short. 10 minutes. Short action provides more emotion and has less chance of problems with police. It is more like a “photo session” than a rally.
I urge you to defend your right to live, by supporting Google and other organizations which promise to work on life extension.
###
Alexey Turchin is a Russian writer and art collector. He was born in Moscow, Russia in 1973. Alexey studied Physics and Art History at Moscow State University. He has translated many foreign Transhumanist works into Russian, including N. Bostrom and E. Yudkowsky. He is an expert in Global Risks and wrote the book “Structure of the Global Catastrophe: Risks of Human Extinction in the XXI Century,” as well as several articles on the topic. Since 2010, he has worked at Science Longer Life where he wrote a book “Future Studies” together with Michael Batin. Now he is working on the book ‘‘Immortality”. He is one of the founders of the Longevity Party. He can be contacted via Facebook.
Tweety counts seven times that she has repeated her Bridge to Nowhere line. Meanwhile, as of 2:30 PM, ThinkProgress is up to 27 different uses of this line (including Palin's 8th use of it today).
Meanwhile, one by one, the weight of this evidence has demonstrated to McCain's former fans what a dishonorable, cynical creature John McCain has become. There was Mike Murphy, caught on live mike, admitting that the selection of Sarah Palin was cynical and gimmicky. And Joe Klein, labeling McCain's pro-predator attack on Obama as "one of the sleaziest ads I've ever seen in presidential politics." Even Mark Halperin called last nights piggy lipstick stunt the lowpoint of this campaign.
Sully is just the latest of former McCain fans to grow utterly disgusted with this new cynical creature.
For me, this surreal moment – like the entire surrealism of the past ten days – is not really about Sarah Palin or Barack Obama or pigs or fish or lipstick. It's about John McCain. The one thing I always thought I knew about him is that he is a decent and honest person. When he knows, as every sane person must, that Obama did not in any conceivable sense mean that Sarah Palin is a pig, what did he do? Did he come out and say so and end this charade? Or did he acquiesce in and thereby enable the mindless Rovianism that is now the core feature of his campaign? So far, he has let us all down. My guess is he will continue to do so. And that decision, for my part, ends whatever respect I once had for him. On core moral issues, where this man knew what the right thing was, and had to pick between good and evil, he chose evil. [snip] McCain has demonstrated in the last two months that he does not have the character to be president of the United States. And that is why it is more important than ever to ensure that Barack Obama is the next president. The alternative is now unthinkable. And McCain – no one else – has proved it.
These former fans may well be the biggest threat to McCain's campaign. There's nothing like a lover scorned and no one to better describe the profound depths of McCain's cynicism than to have his former boosters describe their newfound revulsion.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Liberal Democrat Treasury minister Danny Alexander demanded today that his boss George Osborne give a new tax break to millions of low and middle income families.
Mr Alexander, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury, will call at his party's annual rally in Brighton next week for the starting threshold for paying income tax to be raised to £10,000 within 19 months.
The senior Lib-Dem said: “We need fairer taxes in these tough times.
“From April next year, we will have lifted two million people out of income tax altogether and provided a tax cut of almost £550 to over 20 million low and middle earners.
“Lifting the personal allowance to £10,000 would provide a further £160 tax cut to low and middle earners and take hundreds of thousands more out of tax.”
Lib-Dem sources said the change would mean millions of families with two earners would be more than £1,400 better off from this policy championed by Nick Clegg's party. It could also benefit higher rate taxpayers.
The Chancellor signalled in his March Budget that the personal allowance — the amount on which people do not pay income tax — could rise to £10,000 in April 2014.
He said the Government was “in touching distance” of this goal as the threshold was increased from £8,105 to £9,205 from April 2013.
Mr Alexander's intervention will almost certainly annoy Tory MPs who will see it as the Lib-Dems seeking to grab the credit for lower taxes.
The Conservatives are determined to fight to cling onto their reputation as the low-tax party, with one source saying: “We will take all the credit for tax cuts at the next election.”
Mr Alexander is one of the Lib-Dems closest to the Tories and is part of the “quad” with David Cameron, Mr Osborne and Mr Clegg.
His tax motion, which aims to “stimulate consumer demand”, has been drawn up by the party's federal policy committee. But it is significant that he is personally demanding the change as party chiefs are seeking increasingly to voice Lib-Dem aims and values before the next general election.
Party chairman Tim Farron will distance the Lib-Dems from the Tories, telling the annual conference: “Let's be proud of who we are, and let's make it blindingly clear what we stand for.
“It is essential that we state our different vision with absolute clarity. Subtlety won't do. We are Britain's radical, free-thinking, progressive party.”
On both sides of the Atlantic, we are witnessing the dramatic expansion of government hacking powers. In the United States, a proposed amendment to Rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure would permit the government to obtain a warrant, in certain circumstances, to hack unspecified numbers of electronic devices anywhere in the world. Meanwhile, across the pond, the British Parliament is currently debating the Investigatory Powers Bill, which (among many other things) would authorize the government to hack the devices of broad classes of people without geographic limitation. The exercise of these powers will have significant implications for the privacy and security of individuals around the world and therefore commands our attention.
The American Context: One Rule to Hack Them All
Rule 41 currently prohibits, with several exceptions, magistrate judges from issuing warrants to search or seize property located outside their districts. The proposed amendment creates new exceptions for electronic devices. In particular, it would permit a magistrate judge to issue a warrant to remotely access, search, seize or copy “electronically stored information located within or outside that district” where the location of such information “has been concealed through technological means.”
A plethora of technologies “conceal” the location of “electronically stored information.” In some cases, the technology deliberately protects the privacy of the user, for example, enabling journalists to communicate with vulnerable sources. In other instances, the technology masks the user as a by-product of its core service, such as securing communications. For example, many individuals and businesses rely on virtual private networks (VPNs) — which establish encrypted connections between the user's device and a trusted server that then appears as the source of any network activity — to send and receive sensitive data, such as financial or medical information (or even for ordinary internet usage when connecting to potentially insecure networks, such as a public Wi-Fi hotspot).
The Justice Department has explained that it seeks the proposed Rule 41 amendment to “catch[] and prosecute[] criminals who use anonymizing technologies,” such as Tor. The recent evolution of FBI hacking operations explains this focus. In the past few years, the government has embraced “watering hole attacks,” a hacking technique that targets a group of users by identifying websites frequented by such users and installing custom code that deploys malware on all devices visiting those sites. In 2012, the FBI began using watering hole attacks to identify visitors to child pornography sites hosted by servers protecting their anonymity. In 2015, a magistrate judge granted the FBI a warrant, pursuant to which it ran a watering hole attack that infected several thousand computers. In the ensuing wave of US criminal cases, some of the defendants have challenged the validity of the warrant under Rule 41, on grounds that it was executed outside of the issuing district.
The British Context: The Investigatory Powers Bill
In the UK, the Investigatory Powers Bill seeks to enshrine broad hacking powers into primary legislation. The Bill would authorize British intelligence agencies and law enforcement to hack (referred to as conducting “equipment interference” or “EI”) devices inside and outside the UK. It would further authorize the government to compel “telecommunications providers” to assist them in effecting a hacking warrant, unless “not reasonably practicable.” As Apple has criticized, the term “telecommunications providers” is so broadly defined as to expand the government's “reach beyond UK borders to … any service provider with a connection to UK customers.”
In addition to these troubling powers, the Bill permits the British government to obtain expansive hacking warrants. Under the Bill's “targeted” hacking provisions, the government may seek a warrant that relates to a device “belonging to, used by or in the possession of a group of persons who share a common purpose or who … may carry on, a particular activity” or “belonging to, used by or in the possession of more than one person or organisation, where [hacking] is for the purpose of a single investigation or operation.” A draft Code of Practice, published by the government alongside the Bill, asserts that “it is entirely possible for a [targeted] warrant to cover a wide geographical area or involve the acquisition of a significant volume of data” and that “[t]here is no limit on the number of pieces of equipment, locations, persons or organisations to which a targeted warrant may relate.” (The Bill also authorizes intelligence agencies to hack in “bulk” when hacking overseas. A joint Parliamentary committee has failed to see “what a ‘Bulk' EI warrant is intended to cover, and how it differs from a ‘Targeted' EI warrant.”)
To compound matters, the Bill allows the Home Secretary to issue hacking warrants, subject only to a circumscribed review by a Judicial Commissioner. Judicial Commissioners — a new position created by the Bill — are appointed by the Prime Minister and sit for three-year terms, raising serious questions about their independence. The government is not required to seek any form of judicial approval to compel assistance from technology companies — it can merely “serve a copy of the warrant.” Thus, under this power, the government could go directly to Google, Microsoft, or myriad other service providers and seek their assistance in hacking their customers, for instance, by pushing a false security update containing malware.
Hacking and General Warrants
The troubling thread running through US and UK government hacking is the resurrection of general warrants. General warrants permit government officials to search, seize, or arrest a broad class of persons, typically on the basis of some form of undesirable conduct. In the years before the American Revolution, the British Government relied on such warrants — called “writs of assistance” — to search colonists' homes and businesses for evidence of customs violations. Opposition to these warrants helped catalyze the Revolution and their prohibition is now inscribed in the Fourth Amendment. In the UK, the unlawfulness of general warrants shares a similarly long history and is enshrined in a celebrated line of cases from the 1760s.
The “Particularity Problem,” described by Andrew Crocker in the US context, also plagues the hacking powers in the Investigatory Powers Bill. As discussed above, the Bill's “targeted” hacking powers do not require a warrant to specify a target at all, but can relate to broad classes of persons or property. Indeed, in a case brought by my employer, Privacy International, challenging hacking by the British signals intelligence agency, Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), under current UK law, the government asserted that a hacking warrant could potentially encompass all cell phones in a metropolitan area, such as London. The Bill purports to provide an “updated framework” for this power, which the government insists it already possesses under existing law.
General warrants are particularly dangerous when the government carries out hacking, which presents unique and grave threats to both our privacy and security. Hacking grants an unauthorized person access to the information on our personal digital devices, which have replaced and consolidated our address books, correspondence, journals, filing cabinets, wallets, and photo albums. Hackers can conduct real-time surveillance, covertly turning on a device's microphone, webcam, and GPS-based locator technology. They can watch anything typed into the device, including login details and passwords, browsing histories, and draft communications the user never intended to share.
What makes general warrants so offensive is that they effectively remove judges from overseeing the executive's determination of who is a suspect and how to investigate that target. They fail to check fishing expeditions by intelligence agencies and law enforcement. The potential for abuse is particularly acute when it comes to hacking, which is far more intrusive than other surveillance techniques, capable of probing deeply into the most intimate aspects of our lives.
At the same time, hacking has enormous security implications for the internet, particularly deployed at the scale contemplated by general warrants. Internet security is a fragile ecosystem, where a compromised device can negatively affect many other users. Computer systems are complex and unpredictable. Malware is often not fully vetted to determine its effects and its distribution is difficult to control. The government, when targeting a specific group of individuals with a watering hole attack, cannot control who lands on an infected website. The security holes created by such an attack can remain available to anyone else to exploit, long after an investigation is complete.
The Secrecy of Government Hacking
Another disturbing aspect of government hacking in both the US and UK is the incessant secrecy swirling around the practice. The Snowden disclosures offered a startling glimpse of intelligence-related hacking by the NSA's Tailored Access Operations, which has long “existed in the shadow recesses” of the agency, as well as by its British counterpart in GCHQ. The history and scope of law enforcement hacking in both countries has also taken the public by surprise. The recent Playpen cases have shed new light on FBI hacking, which goes back nearly two decades. And in the UK, the hacking activities of British law enforcement agencies were only revealed in November 2015 with the government's publication of a draft version of the Investigatory Powers Bill.
The US and UK governments employ secret interpretations of law to justify hacking. Privacy International's legal challenge to GCHQ hacking, which followed the Snowden disclosures, alleged that the British government had no clear authority under UK law to deploy these capabilities. During the proceedings, the government revealed, for the first time, that it relied on the power to interfere with “property” under the Intelligence Services Act 1994. In the draft Investigatory Powers Bill, the government also revealed, for the first time, its similar reliance on the power to interfere with “property” in the Police Act 1997 to authorize law enforcement hacking.
In the US, the legal framework for the NSA's hacking operations likely stems from Executive Order 12333, but it remains shrouded in secrecy. While the proposed Rule 41 amendment is not a secret interpretation of law, its effect is similar. The amendment essentially operates as a fait accompli; should Congress fail to act, the amendment automatically goes into effect on December 1. By seeking the changes to Rule 41, the government is attempting to dodge a public debate and legislative approval of the expansion of law enforcement hacking powers.
The International Implications of Government Hacking
US and UK government hacking will affect individuals around the world. The Investigatory Powers Bill recognizes no geographic constraint to hacking powers, a point that prompted a joint Parliamentary committee to caution the government to “give more careful consideration to the consequences of enforcing extraterritoriality.” The proposed Rule 41 amendment authorizes warrants to hack outside the issuing judge's district so long as the physical location of the device “has been concealed through technological means.” But devices thus cloaked may be located anywhere in the world and only by compromising them can the government determine the location of each user. Thus, the amendment is likely to dramatically expand FBI extraterritorial surveillance.
For this reason, Privacy International has joined an international coalition opposing the proposed Rule 41 amendment. This attention has led to the introduction of the Stopping Mass Hacking Act of 2016 by Sen. Ron Wyden and analogous legislation in the House, which would reject the proposed amendment. By contrast, the hacking powers in the Investigatory Powers Bill encountered little opposition during debate in the House of Commons. Nevertheless, they have attracted criticism beyond British borders, including from US-based organizations such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation, the Center for Democracy and Technology, and New America's Open Technology Institute.
At the same time, the international implications of government hacking demand an international set of recommendations to govern this practice. In March 2015, Privacy International and Open Rights Group sketched out such a framework, based in part on the International Principles on the Application of Human Rights in Communications Surveillance. Many of the recommendations in this framework have surfaced in analyses of US government hacking, such as requiring a demonstration that less intrusive methods have been exhausted or would be futile, tight constraints around the scope of hacking, and notification to hacking targets. We must engage diverse voices, including those with technical expertise, to develop these recommendations further. To ensure their relevance, we must continue to study and document government hacking, as it manifests in jurisdictions around the world.
The Pittsburgh Steelers filled the two open spots on their practice squad on Tuesday as defensive back Mike Hilton and outside linebacker linebacker Shaquille Riddick were both signed.
Hilton entered the league this year as an undrafted free agent out of Mississippi with the Jacksonville Jaguars. He recorded 225 total tackles during his four seasons at Mississippi and had 6 interceptions. According to his college bio, Hilton started at every position in the defensive backfield during his college career.
At his pro day, Hilton reportedly measured in at 5086 and weighed 178-pounds. He did 13 reps on the bench and ran the 40-yard-dash in 4.55 seconds.
As for Riddick, he was originally drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the fifth-round of the 2015 NFL Draft out of West Virginia. In his one season at West Virginia he recorded 27 total tackles and that included 7 sacks.
At his 2015 pro day, Riddick reportedly measured in at 6057 and weighed 244-pounds. He did 19 reps on the bench and ran the 40-yard-dash in 4.64 seconds.
The Steelers also reportedly worked out free agent linebacker Davis Tull on Tuesday, according to Adam Caplan.
In essence, the Steelers replaced cornerback Al-Hajj Shabazz and linebacker Travis Feeney with Hilton and Riddick. Shabazz was claimed off waivers recently by the Houston Texans while Feeney was signed by the New Orleans Saints off the Steelers practice squad last week.
The fourth Assassin's Creed game is out on PC now, for once merely weeks rather than months behind the console version. I've been dragging old man Ezio across its rooftops and into its underground lairs of conspiracy for the last few days, and as such… well, you know how this goes.
Experimentation, calibration, celebration and now stagnation: that's been the course Assassin's Creed games have taken, and until Revelations it's been a course of sustained improvement. In some ways, and when looked at alone, Revelations is the best of the bunch, but it's also the most unnecessary. Especially on PC, where delays meant we only saw the last game, Brotherhood, a piffling eight months ago. After a half-decade of tinkering, AssCreed has settled on its formula and Revelations presents an impasse – stay the course, do the COD-style franchise thing and hope the fanbase is loyal enough to stump up for iterative updates, or return to the reinvention it once embraced.
On the other hand, I can understand why the series' original plan – to see a new historical setting and protagonist every time – ended up being abandoned in favour of keeping Ass Creed 2's past-hero Ezio around for what's now become three games. Ezio, you see, is a total dude. AssCreed's other player characters to date, 12th Century assassin Altair and his and Ezio's modern-day descendant Desmond, are a bore and a whiner respectively. Ezio? Dude. To throw out a likeable character in favour of starting afresh again must have seemed like a terrible waste.
Ezio's at his most charming yet in AssRev, as we join him during the onset of old age. Grey-bearded, distinguished, no longer hot-headed or quite so led by the desires for vengeance and naughty cuddles with ladies, fatherly when the so-so, exposition-crazed script remembers to paint him as such… He's an unusual videogame hero, and refreshingly posture-free as action protagonists go. It's sad the game's free-running, flow-fighting mechanics, being broadly a repeat of AssCreed 2 and Brotherhoods', more or less don't address his fading strength and speed, bar having a reason to once again reset his health to bare minimum and have the player incrementally pick up upgrades.
But rather than a tale of Ezio facing up to his own encroaching mortality, AssRev is, depressingly, another tale of digging up increasingly oblique titbits of mystic information ultimately aimed at minutely moving on the tiresome tale of Desmond in the present day. If you haven't played the series to date, AssRev will almost immediately be nonsensical to you; I have played it all, and I only just grasp what it's wittering about, but can't begin to care.
Even the original sci-fi twist – that Altair and Ezio's adventures are Desmond reliving his noble assassin ancestors' memories via a clever computer wired up to his brain – has been lost to increasingly absurd mysticism. As the game begins, Desmond is lost in his own mind due to having apparently offed his special lady friend by mistake at the end of the last game, and must explore his way back to consciousness via – you guessed it – reliving yet more of Ezio's roof-running and man-stabbing, occasionally interspersed with abstract, Portal-for-dummies first-person puzzle-platforming sequences in which Desmond recalls bits of his own childhood and more of the overarching babble-prophecy. I DON'T CARE SEND ME BACK TO THE PAST.
Actor Nolan North does his level best to make Des' sustained WHAT WHERE HOW WHO WHY confusion and complaint likeable, but there's no escaping that modern-boy still doesn't do much of note even after four games. Why are we expected to care about someone whose primarily role is waiting, whining and listening? It was always mystifying that AssCreed went down the sci-fi and prophecy route when it had a perfectly serviceable setting and plot already, but doubly so that it's still failed to do anything meaningful (let alone meaningfully interactive) with that aspect of the game except drown it in ever-more demented exposition.
As has always been the case, the ultimate outcome of this latest AssCreed is essentially a crude statement of “yes there will be another game and you'd better buy if you want to find out what happens.” Revelations? Don't take the piss. AssRev does, at least, seem to mark the last we'll see of both Ezio and Altair. I'll miss the good-natured Italian geezer, but the promise of a new protagonist and time period is far more appealing than another chance to wear his manky old hood.
Ezio's swansong takes him to Constantinople, which in some respects – probably due to the engine and reused assets – doesn't look or feel a million miles away from Rome and other Italian cities he's dragged us around previously. Areas of it offer new variety though – civilians in rich, coloured silks, a ramshackle wooden poor district, hulking, ornate mosques and a division by waterways into islands. It's a pleasant, pretty place to be, as AssCreed cities have always been, but it does feel all-too-familiar. That's mostly because this old dog hasn't learned many new tricks, so Ezio's up to pretty much what he was up to in Brotherhood. The major new additions are a mini-grappling hook built into his sleeve that means he can jump about a foot higher and perform a couple of new moves that you won't use unless a navigation puzzle specifically demands it, and bombs.
Bombs can be thrown, and bombs can be built from parts you collect in your travels, but once again it's just needless feature creep, one more optional tactic on top of what's almost too many. The sheer complexity of AssCreed game's controls means by this point, once again, the first few hours of the game are basically one long tutorial. It was necessary though – having recently been playing Arkham Asylum, I experienced real discombobulation about how to climb onto rooftops and drop onto men's spines from afar, hands reaching for different controls and frequently hurling Ezio off the side of a hundred-foot tower to his messy doom. Ezio could really do with a batrope, I have to say.
Also new is an infrequent tower defence mini-game wherein you're defending your territory from invading Templars by placing an assortment of archers, riflemen, leapy death-guys, barricades and all sorts on either side of a road. ‘Morale' is generated from kills, and then spent on more units. It's very silly, especially because it's hard to not think ‘if Ezio would only get down in the street himself he could sort out all these lads single-handed', but it adds more context to the game's territory-seizing meta-game. It doesn't need to be there, but the game isn't hurt for it being so.
AssCreed 1's Altair also gets a look-in, with Ezio occasionally reliving hitherto unchronicled parts of his predecessor's life. So that's Desmond reliving Ezio reliving Altair, just to be clear. Oh, and the whole thing's being puppeteered by some quasi-goldlike race that preceded humanity, right. Sigh. Altair's sequences aren't anything to shout about, as to control he's just Ezio with fewer toys, but I suppose it's nice to nod back to the series' roots.
So, AssRev is just a retread with a few unnecessary new growths stuck to the side, but I don't mean that it's a bad game. It's a very good game if taken on its own merits rather than those of its series. Not to mention that it's a lovely-looking, huge and generous game-world. Constantinople is packed with content and relative freedoms and things to collect and mini-games (restoring the cities' businesses in order to make money; recruiting and upgrading apprentices to aid you in battle) that offers hours and hours and hours of distraction and kleptomania if you elect to indulge yourself rather than carve through the main missions.
It's a wonderful time-sink, it really is. It's just that it's almost totally redundant if you already own Brotherhood – but sadly it makes little to no sense if you don't. As such, I'd recommend Brotherhood as the AssCreed to get if you're going in cold – it's a confident expansion of what the previous game got right, without suffering the slow entropy and outright repetition that Revelations does.
Its hours of play, its elaborate city, its many side-quests and money-making opportunities are ultimately only there to delay the arrival of a pseudoscience-mired final cutscene that sets up the next game. It's fallen into the Lost trap, endlessly stringing us along in pursuit of answers that could take forever to arrive. I'm fond enough of the journey so far, but I do need it to make a sudden turn if I'm to remain interested.
One of Germany's largest publishing companies, Weltbild, has over 2,500 erotic novels in its online catalogue. Its owned 100 percent by the German Catholic Church.
Worldcrunch, summarizing an article by German newspaper Die Welt, says that for over 10 years Catholics have complained about the company, which has been owned by the church for over 30 years. The high point of this opposition came in 2008, when a 70-page report on the book sales was sent to bishops.
Die Welt reports that the situation came to light after a report this month mentioned the erotica distributed by Weltbild. The publication also said that over half of the bishops who were sent the report in 2008 failed to acknowledge receipt of the document.
Weltbild has an annual turnover of €1.7 billion ($2.4 billion) and has a 20 percent market share when it comes to selling books. That makes it the second largest online retailer of books behind Amazon.
The church also owns a 50 percent stake in publishing company Droemer Knaur, which also produces pornographic books.
You can read Die Welt's full article (in German) on the issue here>
SAN JOSE, CA - Prior to the team's Sept. 27 preseason game at SAP Center, the San Jose Sharks (@SanJoseSharks) will welcome fans back to Sharks Territory with the inaugural Sharks Fan Fest presented by YP, the go-to local search destination for more than 80 million people across the U.S. The event, scheduled to operate inside and outside of SAP Center (@SAPCenter), is slated from 9:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.
Several exciting activities are planned for fans, including the rare chance to watch a Sharks practice at SAP Center, an opportunity to take photos with the Shark Head on the ice, Sharks player and alumni autograph stations, and player, coach and alumni roundtable sessions on the Comcast SportsNet California and KFOX stages, moderated by the new Sharks broadcast team. In addition, arena concession stands will be open for food and beverage.
Outside of SAP Center, music will entertain attendees and the Kids Zone will offer young fans face painting, inflatable activities, carnival games, as well as many other family-friendly options.
Along with fun and games, the Sharks Store will be open, offering fans all the latest Sharks gear.
The Sharks Fan Fest presented by YP event is free of charge. To reserve free tickets, visit sjsharks.com/fanfest. The first 5,000 fans in attendance will receive a 2014-15 Sharks schedule poster.
SAP Center doors will open at 9:15 a.m. and complimentary parking will be available in SAP Center's A, B and C parking lots. Fans should enter through SAP Center's South Entrance, located at the corner of West Santa Clara Street and Autumn Street.
Outside activities are subject to change, weather permitting. A full schedule of events and activities will be posted at sjsharks.com/fanfest as details are finalized.
Later that evening at 5 p.m., the Sharks will host the Anaheim Ducks for their first 2014 preseason game at SAP Center.
Tickets for game are available at the SAP CENTER TICKET OFFICE, ALL TICKETMASTER TICKET CENTERS (including select Walmart stores), CHARGE BY PHONE at 1-800-745-3000 and online at WWW.TICKETMASTER.COM/SANJOSESHARKS.
In addition, you can get access to tickets for the 2015 Coors Light NHL Stadium Series™ featuring the Sharks and Los Angeles Kings outdoors at Levi's Stadium by purchasing Full Season Tickets or a 10-game SharkPak. For more information, click here or call 408-999-5757.
About YP
YP is a leading local marketing solutions provider in the U.S. dedicated to helping businesses and communities grow. YP's flagship consumer brands include the popular YP app and YP.com, which are used by more than 80 million visitors each month in the U.S. (Internal Data, July 2014). YP solutions include websites, listings management, reputation monitoring, video ads, search engine optimization, search engine marketing, advertising on YP and the YP Local Ad Network, online display and mobile advertising, and advertising in The Real Yellow Pages® directory. YP solutions and services are backed by thousands of media consultants and customer service professionals in local markets across the U.S. with relationships spanning more than half a million advertisers. For more information on YP, visit us at http://corporate.yp.com. Follow us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/YP and on Twitter: @YP.
Timothy Joseph Bates, 37, is a former Memphis police officer who retired from the force in 2013
A man stopped by the police for public urination near the White House and subsequently arrested for stashing a collection of deadly weapons in his car has been identified Monday as a former Memphis police officer.
Secret Service agents approached the suspect, Timothy Joseph Bates, outside an art gallery off 17th street and Pennsylvania Avenue, in Washington DC.
Law enforcement officials said that he was urinating in public just outside of the Renwick Gallery, which is right across the street from the White House, according to USA Today.
Bates, 37, told agents he was going to the White House to speak with [National Security Agency Director] Admiral Mike Rogers and [Defense Secretary] General James Mattis about 'advice on missing paychecks and how to get the chip out of my head,' according to the report.
Bates was stopped by the police for public urination near the White House and subsequently arrested for stashing a collection of deadly weapons in his car. The arsenal included a .40-caliber Smith & Wesson, an M4 Platform Bushmaster assault-style weapon, an AK-47 Platform Norinco, a Glock 30, a Tec-9 with a silencer, brass knuckles and several rounds of ammunition
While he was being questioned, he admitted to having multiple weapons in his car - a 2009 Silver Nissan with Tennessee Fraternal Order of Police license plates.
When officers noticed the license plates, they asked Bates if he was armed. He replied that he was.
Cops searched the car and discovered nine guns, including handguns, AR- and AK-style rifles, as well as three knives, brass knuckles, suppressors, and various types of ammunition.
The arsenal included a .40-caliber Smith & Wesson, an M4 Platform Bushmaster assault-style weapon, an AK-47 Platform Norinco, a Glock 30, a Tec-9 with a silencer, brass knuckles and several rounds of ammunition.
Bates was initially approached by law enforcement officials outside the Renwick Gallery in Washington, DC, which is just across the street from the White House (above)
Hours after his arrest, the Memphis Police Department confirmed that Bates was an employee there from 2000 until he retired as a patrolman in August 2013.
'We have no further comment on this former employee,' a department spokesperson told USA Today.
Bates was taken 'for mental observation' before he was taken to a local police station and charged with multiple weapons violations, according to the report.
Metro DC police booked Bates on six charges, including possession of a prohibited weapon; possession of an unregistered firearm; possession of unregistered ammunition; carrying a dangerous weapon outside a home or place of business; carrying a pistol without a license; and unlawful transportation of a firearm.
A segregated prom refers to the practice of the United States high schools, generally located in the Deep South, of holding racially segregated proms for white and black students. The practice spread after these schools were integrated, and persists in a few rural places to the present day. The separate proms have been the subject of frequent (often negative) press coverage, and several films.
History [ edit ]
Prior to the 1954 decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in Brown v. Board of Education, most schools in the southern United States were racially segregated.[1] The process of integration of schools was slow, and many schools did not become integrated until the late 1960s and early 1970s. In order to avoid having to hold an integrated prom, many high schools stopped sponsoring any prom, and private segregated proms were organized as a replacement.[2][3][4][5][6] Sometimes a concern over interracial dating was cited as the reason for not holding a single prom.[5] Other schools cited liability concerns as the reason for not sponsoring a prom.[7]
In addition to segregated proms, some schools have also elected black and white homecoming kings and queens, class officers, and even awarded separate black and white superlatives such as "Most Likely To Succeed."[3][6][8] School sponsored separate events, including separate homecoming queens or superlatives, have been deemed to violate federal law by the United States Department of Justice.[9]
In 1990, The New York Times reported that 10 counties in Georgia were still holding segregated proms.[10] Though the practice has been reported to be on the decline, occasional press reports seem to show it persists in some rural locations.[11][12][13] Since 1987, media sources have reported on segregated proms being held in the U.S. states of Alabama,[7][14] Arkansas,[2] Georgia,[4] Louisiana,[3] Mississippi,[15] South Carolina,[16] and Texas.[17]
When two separate proms are held for a school, generally the "black prom" is open to attendance by all students. Only the "white prom" is racially exclusive.[4][5]
School alumni at schools which held segregated proms sometimes hold segregated class reunions as well.[18]
Outside the Deep South [ edit ]
Even prior to integration in the South, there have been instances of segregated proms being held in integrated schools in the northern United States. In the late 1920s, for example, separate proms for black and whites are recorded as occurring at Froebel High School in Gary, Indiana.[19]
Notable cases [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Yesterday, the Supreme Court blocked a Texas lawthat closed more than a dozen clinics across the state, leaving just eight still providing abortions, and those mostly in major metropolitan areas. Earlier this month, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals allowed the law to move forward, leaving the state of more than 26 million people with no abortion clinics south or west of San Antonio. Some Texas women seeking abortions would have had to travel more than 500 miles to get the procedure in their home state. The clinics that shuttered after the Fifth Circuit's ruling can reopen, at least for now.
The Supreme Court's five-sentence order barred Texas from enforcing two parts of H.B. 2,a restrictive abortion law — the court blocked the enforcement of one part across the state, and another as it relates to two specific clinics. Across the state, abortion providers will not have to abide by H.B. 2's requirement that all procedures take place in hospital-style ambulatory surgical centers. And doctors at clinics in El Paso and McAllen, both of which serve areas of the state without any other in-state provider in more than 100 miles, will not have to have admitting privileges at local hospitals. Providers at other Texas clinics, though, will still have to adhere to the admitting privileges requirement.
According to the order, Justices Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas, and Samuel Alito would have denied the application, allowing the law to go forward and keeping the clinics closed. It's not apparent which of the justices favored blocking the law; it takes five justices to grant an order like this one, so the court's more reliable liberal justices (Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Stephen Breyer) likely voted for it, along with either Anthony Kennedy, John Roberts, or both Kennedy and Roberts.
While this decision allows 13 shuttered clinics to reopen, it's unclear if all of them actually will. Some have sold off equipment or had staffed seek employment elsewhere when the facility initially closed. According to Whole Woman's Health, which operates the clinics in McAllen and El Paso, the McAllen clinic is in the process of being reopened, but the status of the clinic in El Paso remains up in the air.
Opponents of abortion say the ambulatory surgical center requirement is important to promote women's health and to make sure abortions take place under the safest circumstances possible. But abortion is already one of the safest medical procedures around, with the rate of serious complication for early procedures less than one-half of 1 percent. Even medication abortions, those done with the "abortion pill" that don't require any surgery, would have to be performed in sterile surgical centers under the law. So would standard first-trimester abortions, which do not involve incisions and therefore see very low rates of infection. Medical procedures that pose far higher risks than abortion are routinely performed in doctors' offices and see no similar surgical center requirement. As the Los Angeles Times wrote last month, "Colonoscopies can be done in doctors' offices, yet the mortality rate of that procedure is 34.5 per 100,000. That's 40 times the mortality rate of abortion in the United States from 2000 to 2009, which was 0.67 per 100,000. Dental extractions, vasectomies, skin biopsies and gastrointestinal endoscopies can all be done in doctors' offices, and all carry similar or greater risks of complications than abortion does."
[embed_gallery gid=4099 type="simple"]
The ambulatory surgical center requirement meant clinics either had to do multimillion-dollar, medically unnecessary renovations of their facilities, or move to new, costlier buildings — not an easy task when many buildings refuse to lease space to abortion providers. Admitting privileges are often difficult for abortion providers to get, because the general safety of abortions means clinics simply don't admit many patients to the hospital, and hospitals often require a minimum number of admissions in order to grant privileges. Religiously affiliated hospitals also routinely refuse privileges to abortion providers and sometimes won't even send them an application.
Still in place across Texas are H.B. 2's requirements that medication abortion, done with a two-pill regimen, be carried out in a doctor's office, so women have to take both pills at the clinic. Many abortion providers say they prefer their patients to take the second pill at home, since cramping and bleeding can start within a few minutes of taking it. H.B. 2's ban on most abortions after 20 weeks also remains in place and is already impacting Texas women and their familieswho see pregnancies go terribly wrong and are forced to go through labor and childbirth.
Those provisions have already decimated abortion access in the state. Before H.B. 2 went into effect, there were some 41 clinics across the state. Even with this latest ruling, half of those clinics remain closed, and abortion access is still very limited, especially for women outside of the state's largest cities. Inaccessible abortion means some women are turning to illegal methods, procuring abortion-inducing drugs from flea markets, the Internet, or across the Mexican border, or trying untested and often unsafe home remedies. And even for women who are able to obtain abortions, clinic closures mean the process can be more burdensome and may take longer, since for many it necessitates traveling farther, taking time off work, finding child care, and saving up enough money for a procedure that gets more expensive as pregnancy progresses.
This Supreme Court order is only temporary, until the Fifth Circuit decides on a constitutional challenge to H.B. 2, which may allow the clinics to remain operational or may shutter them once again.
Follow Jill on Twitter.
I spoke at Stanford University last week, and Stanford administrators and Leftist students made sure that as few people as possible heard me. In The Coming of the Third Reich, historian Richard J. Evans explains how, in the early days of National Socialist Germany, Stormtroopers (Brownshirts) “organized campaigns against unwanted professors in the local newspapers [and] staged mass disruptions of their lectures.” And here we are again.
In the days before I arrived on campus, the student-run Stanford Daily and Stanford Review published article after article denouncing me in the most lurid terms. It was claimed that I “give license” to the “oppression” of Jews, and that Muslims at Stanford were endangered by my work. It was charged that I have incited a mass murderer and approved of restricting the right to vote. My work was characterized, without any specific examples, of being not only inaccurate, but also inflammatory, offensive, hateful, and dishonest.
But that was nothing compared to what Stanford administrators had ready for the event itself. Nanci Howe, Associate Dean and Director of Student Activities and Leadership, and Snehal Naik, Assistant Dean and Associate Director of Student Activities and Leadership, made sure that the hall was packed with students who had no intention of attending the lecture, but were there only to sabotage it by denying seats to people who actually wanted to attend. They even kept out some members of the College Republicans, the group that was sponsoring the event.
The fascist students stood up and walked out after just a few minutes of hearing me. Then, after the walkout, Howe and Naik refused to allow in people who actually wanted to attend, refusing repeated requests to do so.
They also refused to allow the Young America's Foundation to stream the event, clearly because they knew what was in the offing and did not want video going out live that would show just how much Stanford has deteriorated and how opposed it is to free discourse.
I had no contact with Howe. Naik greeted me with great warmth and affability, and actually said, “We're glad you're here.” Oleaginous insincerity oozed from his every pore. Belying his unctuous demeanor, he was so unyielding that at the end of the event, when College Republicans (who have been bullied and victimized by Stanford administrators all through this process, and egregiously and repeatedly smeared in the Stanford Daily and other student publications) asked him if some of the members who had not been allowed in could now come in for a group photo, he refused to allow even that.
At that point, I asked him if he had always been a fascist, or had become one recently. He looked embarrassed. He should be embarrassed.
Here is video of Nanci Howe happily circulating among the Stanford students walking out of my event there last Tuesday, patting them on the back and chatting with them.
Below is full video of the walkout. Howe appears at 2:44. She appears again at the end of this video, grimacing as I criticize Tessier-Lavigne and Drell for failing to teach or defend the freedom of speech, and for acting to crush dissenting opinions.
With Howe stage-managing the disruption of the event this obviously, it's clear now why she refused to allow streaming.
Fascism has no place on university campuses, or shouldn't, but thanks to Nanci Howe and Snehal Naik and so many others like them all over the nation, it is dominant.
A sane university would fire Howe and Naik immediately. However, it is likely that they are not responsible, but were just executing orders from higher up. It is Stanford President Marc Tessier-Lavigne and Provost Persis Drell who should be fired. But it is much more likely that they will be lauded and hailed by their peers for their denial of free inquiry.
Families of 241 U.S. servicemen killed in Beirut bombing sue British bank for 'helping Iran hide compensation cash'
Lawsuit seeks to enforce $2.6bn judgement in compensatory damages against Iran that was awarded to the bombing victims' families in 2007
Civil action comes day after British bank agreed to pay $340m to New York State's financial regulator to settle allegations it concealed Iran-linked transactions worth $250bn
Relatives of the 241 servicemen killed in a 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine barracks in Beirut have sued Standard Chartered after the British bank 'helped Iran hide $2.6billion in compensation'.
The civil lawsuit, filed yesterday in U.S. district court in Manhattan, is seeking to enforce a 2007 judgement in compensatory damages against Iran that awarded the $2.6billion to the bombing victims' families.
Devastation: Workers sift through the rubble of a U.S. marine barracks in Beirut which collapsed in October 1983 after a truck filled with explosives crashed through a gate and smashed into the building
Devastation: The barracks lie in tatters a month after the bombing. Relatives of those killed have sued Standard Chartered after the British bank 'helped Iran hide $2.6billion in compensation'
Clean-up: Workers use a crane to move the rubble. The plaintiffs in yesterday's lawsuit include representatives of the estates of the 241 U.S. servicemen killed, relatives and heirs and bombing survivors
The plaintiffs include representatives of the estates of the 241 U.S. servicemen killed in the attack in the Lebanese capital, relatives and heirs and bombing survivors.
They claim that after obtaining the 2007 ruling, Standard Chartered conspired with 'Iran and its agents to hide Iran's assets from its judgement creditors'.
Standard Chartered spokeswoman Julie Gibson said the bank's policy is not to discuss pending litigation.
The suit continued: 'Those unlawful actions are part and parcel of Iran's long-standing, determined efforts to evade collection of the judgement and other judgements obtained by the victims of Iran's ongoing terror campaign.'
Standard Chartered bank and its New York branch are identified as the defendants in the lawsuit, which seeks unspecified damages and punitive damages
Cut down in their prime: Marine Corps Sergeant Jeffrey D Young, left, and Corporal Stephen E Spencer
Bombing victims: Corporal James F Silvia, left, and Corporal Charles Dennis Cook
Marine Sergeant Manuel Cox
Standard Chartered bank and its New York branch are identified as the defendants in the lawsuit, which seeks unspecified damages and punitive damages.
The bank on Tuesday agreed to pay $340million to New York State's financial regulator to settle allegations that it concealed Iran-linked transactions worth a total of $250billion.
Yesterday's lawsuit on behalf of the bombing victims said 'those unlawful actions are part and parcel of Iran's long-standing, determined efforts to evade collection of the judgement, and other judgements'.
The case is Deborah Peterson et al v Standard Chartered Bank in U.S. District Court in the Southern District of New York No. 12-6257.
Funded and armed by Tehran, the militant group Hezbollah began a guerilla war in 1982 to evict Israeli forces from Lebanon.
Shadowy groups linked to Hezbollah launched suicide attacks on Western targets and took Westerners hostage in Beirut.
Poor little Pluto. Five years ago, after a lengthy, contentious debate among astronomers, the International Astronomical Union announced its new criteria for what it takes to qualify as a planet.
Pluto didn't make the cut.
To be considered a true planet, a non-satellite, celestial body must:
(A) be in orbit around the Sun.
(B) have sufficient mass for its self-gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that it assumes a hydrostatic equilibrium (nearly round) shape.
(C) have cleared the neighborhood around its orbit.
If it meets only the first two conditions, it is classified as a "dwarf planet." If it fulfills only the first criterion, it is defined as a "Small Solar System Body" (SSSB). [Meet the Solar System's Dwarf Planets]
Pluto, for example, is surrounded by several other non-satellite objects, so it has not met the third criterion. In addition to Pluto, there are currently four other known dwarf planets: Ceres, Eris, Haumea and Makemake (although only Pluto and Ceres have been observed in enough detail to confirm they meet dwarf planet criteria).
When Pluto was discovered in 1930, it was thought to be larger than Mercury. That changed in 1978, when astronomers discovered Pluto's moon Charon, which made it possible to more accurately measure Pluto's mass, pegging it at about one-twentieth the mass of Mercury.
This, along with some of Pluto's other eccentricities, got astronomers talking about demoting Pluto. In the 2000s, astronomers began discovering other objects in the Kuiper Belt, and beyond, that were nearly as large as — or, in the case of Eris, larger than — Pluto and shared some of its orbital characteristics. [Will Pluto Ever Hit Neptune?]
In 2006, during the IAU's general assembly, astronomers proposed including Charon, Eris and Ceres in the list of planets. This did not go over well, and after several other drafts and heated debates, the IAU settled on the definition above, and Pluto was declared a dwarf planet. Astronomers estimate that there are upwards of 200 bodies in the solar system that meet dwarf planet criteria; so far, 40 such bodies are known.
Interestingly, astronomers have been through this type of reclassification before. When Ceres was discovered in 1801, it was declared the "missing planet" between Mars and Jupiter. Within a few years, though, astronomers discovered two more objects of comparable size. The discoveries continued, and by 1851 the count of "planets" had grown to 23. Astronomers were certain that they would keep finding bodies of similar size, and decided to redefine what it meant to be a planet; Ceres and the other new objects became known as "asteroids."
This story was provided by Life's Little Mysteries, a sister site to SPACE.com. Follow Life's Little Mysteries on Twitter @llmysteries, then join us on Facebook.
It's fairly common for politicians to worry about winning during a campaign, and worry about the consequences later. But Kathleen Wynne is not only a Liberal politician; she is the premier of Ontario. She will need to work with whoever is prime minister after the October federal election. There is a strong chance that person will not be Justin Trudeau.
The personal animosity between Wynne and Conservative Leader Stephen Harper is not new. Neither is it one-sided. Last year, this editorial board called on the two to get over their “childish spat” and sit down together, at a time when the prime minister was meeting with everyone he could find who wasn't named Kathleen Wynne. “The only thing these two are accomplishing right now is confirming people's worst fears about politicians: that their narrow self-interest supersedes the public good,” we concluded.
In the provincial election that preceded that, some federal Tories were visibly helping their provincial counterparts. Harper recently, and unwisely, called Rachel Notley's NDP government in Alberta a “disaster.” There has always been some blurriness between provincial and federal partisanship across this country – to a point. But there has also been some welcome distance, aided, no doubt, by the ideological variation and different histories of the provincial parties. That distance is important. Our elections at the two levels of government are staggered, which means while one level is in campaign mode, the other is solely in governing mode – or should be.
So most of the premiers, from whatever party, have taken a low-key approach to partisan activity during this federal campaign. Not Wynne, who has been visible on the Trudeau campaign and has even commented on the federal policies of the other parties. It's one thing to make the province's concerns clear to all leaders, whether it be on pensions or representation in the Senate. It's another to outright bash the two men who stand the best chance of being the next prime minister.
“Thomas Mulcair doesn't have a clear or workable plan,” Wynne tweeted recently. “His promises are unaffordable, misleading or impossible.”
It's anyone's guess whether Wynne's public involvement in the federal campaign is a blessing or a curse for the federal Liberals. She is, like Justin Trudeau, charming and charismatic, great with a crowd. She is also not likely to help the Liberals distinguish themselves from the Conservatives on ethics, given that she is the leader of a party and government that has attracted an alarming number of OPP investigations, including into the actions of one of Wynne's own aides in the Sudbury by-election.
But whatever the political consequences for the Liberals, the consequences for the people of Ontario are what should concern Wynne. She has said, over and over, that Ontario needs a federal partner. It does, but she doesn't get to choose who that partner is, and the more she paints Mulcair and Harper as unwilling or incompetent, the more ground she must cross when it comes time to talk with one of them. And even if Trudeau does become prime minister, the gradual normalization of a premier on the federal campaign trail is bad for the country. The more premiers and prime ministers try to score points off each other, the worse off citizens will be. The federal-provincial relationship should be based on the needs of the people, not partisan revenge or quid pro quo.
Imagine serving your country for over a decade in the armed forces — many of those years hiding the truth of who you are, but still showing up each day to fight for something bigger than yourself.
You put yourself on the line.
You depend on your service for your benefits, for your survival, for the survival of your family.
You plan your entire life around your career.
After years of committed service, the government finally changes policy and you can serve proudly and openly. You can be who you are and continue to thrive in your work. You don't have to hide under the mask of an inauthentic self.
Then, in an instant, after you rely on assurances that your livelihood and existence will be safe, your government turns on you — in a tweet from your commander in chief, you are told that you cannot serve “in any capacity”; you are told that because you are transgender, everything about who you are and what you have done is irrelevant because you are not wanted. The entire country watches as you are humiliated and demeaned, and everyone is sent a message that somehow you are unworthy of even basic decency because of who you are.
This is what happened to transgender individuals in the United States armed forces.
For years, transgender individuals were barred from open military service based on outdated and outright incorrect views about what it means to be transgender. In 2016, after years of study and careful analysis, that ban on service was lifted, and a new policy allowing transgender individuals to serve openly in the Armed Forces was implemented.
But after a tweet from President Trump on July 26 and a subsequent directive signed on August 25, the Department of Defense was instructed by the president to reverse course and again ban transgender individuals from openly serving in the military. The directive also included banning coverage for medically necessary medical procedures and beginning a process of subjecting currently serving individuals to separation just for being transgender.
Pensions are on the line. Medical care is being cancelled. Enlistments are prohibited. People's entire lives and careers are disrupted.
Trump's decision was cruel. It was directly inconsistent with the studied opinion of military experts. It was and will be extremely costly. And it is illegal.
On August 28, the ACLU sued the president and the Department of Defense for violating the constitutional rights of transgender service members.
Today we are filing a motion for a preliminary injunction asking the court to put an immediate stop to the President's ban to ensure that the harms to our clients and the thousands of other transgender individuals serving our country are rectified immediately.
Individuals like our client Staff Sgt. Kate Cole should not have to worry about whether their job, health care, entire life is on the line— not because of the risks inherent in the work she has so bravely taken on, but due to the political whims of her commander in chief pandering to a base that would like to see her very existence erased. Staff Sgt. Cole has served in the military since she enlisted at 17. She has deployed to Afghanistan, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Poland. This work, her service, is the only job she has ever known, and she has devoted her life to it.
Now her medical care has already been cancelled and she risks losing everything. And for what? Because the president decided to do the military “a favor” and end transgender service without having to study it.
Transgender people are not pawns in a political game. Our lives, our health care, our work cannot be erased with a tweet. We will not let that happen, and we are heading to court to stop it.
Pop star Taylor Swift sells out arenas worldwide, packing venue's full of hundreds of thousands of her adoring fans worldwide for some pretty spectacular shows. This recently announced one-off and incredibly exclusive Australia show is a bit different. Nova Entertainment Group have announced today that they will be bringing Tay-Tay down to Australia and putting her up for a show on the luxurious Hamilton Island with a very intimate, limited capacity set at 100 fans.
A specific date for the show is yet to be announced but it will be while she is down here for her The 1989 World Tour and just under half of these tickets will be up for grabs from today in competitions run through Nova Network. So if you want a ticket to what is bound to be the most in-demand live music event Nova have ever done, tune in, and click HERE for more information.
Conservative Writer Dinesh D'Souza Is Spared Prison Time For Campaign Finance Conviction Share
Tweet
Conservative writer/filmmaker Dinesh D'Souza was spared prison time today when a federal judge sentenced him to five years probation for violating campaign finance laws.
For the first eight months of his probation term, D'Souza will have to live in a "community confinement center" in San Diego, ordered Judge Richard Berman, who also fined D'Souza $30,000 and directed him to undergo “therapeutic counseling.” D'Souza will also have to perform one day per week of community service during his probation term.
In remarks before announcing D'Souza's sentence, Berman said that he did not believe the defendant had accepted responsibility for his crime. “I'm not sure, Mr. D'Souza, that you get it,” said Berman, who referred to D'Souza's claim that he was a victim of selective prosecution.
During the sentencing hearing, Berman read from a blistering letter submitted to the court by D'Souza's estranged wife. In the missive, Dixie D'Souza alleged that her ex-spouse forged her signature on one campaign contribution form, and that he had an “abusive nature.”
D'Souza, who was married to the defendant for 20 years, wrote, “In one instance, it was my husband who physically abused me in April 2012 when he, using his purple belt karate skills, kicked me in the head and shoulder, knocking me to the ground and creating injuries that pain me to this day.” Click here to download a PDF of Dixie D'Souza's five-page letter to Berman.
Dinesh D'Souza filed for divorce in October 2012, and that case remains active in California's Superior Court.
In May, on the eve of his criminal trial, D'Souza pleaded guilty to illegally arranging $20,000 in straw donations to the 2012 U.S. Senate campaign of Wendy Long, a New York Republican who was challenging incumbent Democrat Kirsten Gillibrand.
The 53-year-old D'Souza, a close friend of Long, personally reimbursed the straw donors, effectively allowing him to exceed the $5000 limit for individual donors. According to a probation report cited by Berman, D'Souza's net worth is in excess of $5 million.
D'Souza, pictured above, was sentenced by Berman during a two-hour hearing in U.S. District Court in lower Manhattan. The 71-year-old jurist was appointed to the federal bench by President Bill Clinton.
In a court filing, D'Souza's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, asked Berman to sentence his client, a first-time offender, to a probation term that would include a community service component. Brafman contended that D'Souza was singled out for prosecution by the Department of Justice due to his “consistently caustic and highly publicized criticism” of President Barack Obama.
In his own letter to Berman, D'Souza contended that, “No good purpose would be served by locking me up.”
In response to D'Souza's plea for leniency, federal prosecutors asked Berman to sentence to the convicted felon to 10 to 16 months in prison. “The defendant's crime is serious and strikes at the heart of our federal election system,” prosecutors argued.
When Rex Kalamian's phone buzzed one day in August, the Toronto Raptors assistant coach wasn't surprised to see a text from Kevin Durant. The two had bonded in Kalamian's six seasons as an assistant with the Oklahoma City Thunder. The two have stayed in touch in the year since Kalamian made the move to Toronto, and since Durant made his bold move to the Golden State Warriors this summer. The content of Durant's text did surprise the coach that day, though.
Kevin Durant, right, was all smiles watching Golden State teammate Stephen Curry in the pre-season. Durant and former teammate Russell Westbrook had lost some of their connection in Oklahoma City in recent years. ( Kyle Terada / USA Today Sports )
“Your two guys are the best. I'm jealous of their relationship, the way they get along with each other and the way they play together. The way they enjoy each other, it's great,” Kalamian said of that text on Monday, as the Raptors finished up their practice. Durant, all the way from the Olympics in Rio, was in awe of the friendship that Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan had on display with the U.S. men's basketball team. “I think it's kind of what he wants,” Kalamian continued. “He wants that bond with someone . . . and I think he's going to find that. “Early on in OKC, we had that.”
Article Continued Below
The duo of Durant and Russell Westbrook is splintered now, with each player driving two of this season's major storylines. Durant begins his season Tuesday night in his new home at Oracle Arena, while Westbrook and the Thunder start their new journey on Wednesday in Philadelphia. Kalamian, like many others, will be glued to his TV Tuesday night to see Durant's new beginning. “I think he'll do very well in terms of integrating. I don't think he'll be too passive,” Kalamian said. “He's got to be himself. I think he's going to be himself and it sounds like they're in love with him already, obviously, they wanted him there and they know what he brings. They know he shoots the ball 22 times a game. The guys that wanted him there are the people that are saying, ‘We'll take a little less, come on in and we'll figure it out together.' I'm sure he feels very comfortable.” The Thunder won't be the same 55-win team that they were last year —“They're not going to be better by losing Kevin Durant,” Kalamian said — but Westbrook, who signed a three-year, $85-million (U.S.) contract extension with the Thunder a month after Durant left, is poised for a tremendous year.
“I was never around (Michael) Jordan but I was around Kevin Garnett and he had a high intensity, a game-night approach to practice and Russell was right there with him, if not surpassing K.G.,” he said, remembering the 2014-15 season when Durant played 27 games and was sidelined with a foot injury. Westbrook averaged 28 points, 8.6 assists and 7.3 rebounds per game that year. “I don't put anything past Russell Westbrook because he's the most unique player in the NBA,” Kalamian said. “He's the most competitive player in the NBA, and the most forceful player in the NBA. I don't think there's anybody that you can say is more unique, competitive or forceful than him and it translates.”
Article Continued Below
Both players are among the NBA's most talented, but that bond that Durant is after had been gone for some time. It disappeared at the start of the 2012-13 season when the Thunder traded James Harden to Houston. “We had that (bond) really with James Harden. He was a connector of everyone. He brought Westbrook, Durant and (Serge) Ibaka and they all kind of connected, they all came together,” Kalamian said. “James is a big reason and when he left I think Kevin said . . . that trade was the beginning of the end for him and now there wasn't that connection as much. “Kevin and Russell, they respect the heck out of each other, no question about it. They played well together, they work well together, they communicate, but I think the connection was lost a little bit for whatever reason.” Despite the high expectations on the Warriors, Kalamian thinks it will take the group some time to come together. “They're going to have some rough spots I think, getting to know each other and figuring out how to win games and who takes shots and how they close out games,” he said. “They may lose a few close games. Who knows? I don't anticipate that they're going to jump out (to last year's 24-0 start) but they obviously have an embarrassing amount of talent.”
If you're like most people, getting started with an app like Krita can be intimidating. Working with a graphics tablet takes as much getting used to as learning to draw with ink and paint. How all the settings and tools work together when "used correctly" is a whole other problem. Fortunately, Krita has just released a training DVD that shows novices how it's done, and helps fund development at the same time.
Linux painting apps like Krita can produce stellar results — just look at the showcase and forum gallery to see what the pros are doing. You too can (eventually) produce similar results with some practice and guidance.
The DVD is called Comics With Krita , and features the work of one of Krita's contributors, comic book artist Timothée "Animtim" Giet. Giet works entirely digital, but in comics his style reflects the look of traditional comics. Traditionally, the workflow for such a comic would involve sketching out panels in pencil, inking them in black (perhaps even by a separate artist), adding other colors in a separate layer, and adding dialogue and caption text by hand.
The disc contains a series of videos that show you how that traditional paper workflow translates into Krita, as well as some tools to get you started in your own Krita creations. There are two main sections: the Tutorial, which is an annotated screencast walk through — in real time — as Giet completes a comic panel from start to finish, and the Timelapse section, which shows the development of a full multi-page comic book accelerated to high-speed.
There is no annotation to the Timelapse segments, but most of it follows on directly from the Tutorial material. The disc also includes Giet's Krita brush pre-sets (which you can load into the application yourself), the source .KRA files, and the finished products as full-color PDFs. When you order the package, you also receive a printed copy of the comic produced in the videos as a bonus gift.
Exploring the DVD Contents
The disc is a DVD-ROM, not a video DVD designed for viewing on a TV screen. This is definitely the right choice to make, since you will want to be at your PC (perhaps even with Krita open) while you watch the videos. The actual files are encoded as WebM, which is high-definition and playable in any web browser as well as most desktop video players. There is an HTML "menu" file that links to each section in turn, and each video presentation is broken into segments covering different topics one at a time.
The Tutorial section includes a general introduction to Krita itself and a walk-through of the application features, then chapters on page layout, sketching, inking, color, and preparing for printed output. Along the way, Giet "narrates" the chapters with pop-up caption bubbles that explain what he is doing; you can watch the videos with the sound turned off and not miss a beat.
The sketching and inking chapters show off a few features that new-to-Krita viewers may find surprising, such as the ability to freely rotate the canvas on-screen to get a better drawing angle, and using guidelines to sketch objects in perspective. The color section shows two separate approaches to coloring the comic: one is an animation-style look that focuses on solid color and shadows, the other is a more nuanced airbrush look that takes more time, but produces print-worthy results. The printing chapter is not an afterthought, either — it shows you how to export separate ink and color pages that can be printed together, and how to convert to CMYK for final process printing.
The Timelapse section eschews the pop-up captioning, but for the most part Giet is using the same style and approach he showed off in greater detail in the tutorial. With a far greater set of pages to see, however, you can see a lot more objects, situations, and lighting/coloring techniques, so there is still plenty to learn.
What You Will Learn
As far as the content itself goes, I did feel a little rushed during the general-introduction chapters; mostly because I was trying to read the text on-screen while also watching what the mouse was doing. The text bubbles tend to pop up at random spots on the frame (as opposed to always being at the bottom, for example), and they were frequently visible for just two or three seconds each. When you are simultaneously trying to figure out what menu options the on-screen cursor is changing, that is not enough time to both read and comprehend. I found myself having to back up and re-watch several seconds to follow the explanation. Whether you do or not, watching the videos in full-screen mode is definitely required, so that you can see the details of the menus and interface buttons.
Still, the bulk of the material does not suffer from this problem. Giet interjects a few explanations along the way, but most of the educational value comes from seeing how he fits the tools and options together. For example, Giet's approach makes heavy use of multiple layers and layer groups — to mask off certain areas of the screen, to separate elements into layers that will need to be separated for printing, and especially to use Krita's blending modes to achieve the right color effects. If you didn't know better, you might paint your shadows and highlights using darker or lighter shades of your base color, on the same layer. Instead, Giet uses a transparent layer with blending modes, and paints in black and white. As a result, he can shade the entire frame without changing paint colors for every object.
The shading example is what I would call a technical tidbit, and there are plenty in the videos. But more than that, the videos also show you in real-time how Giet uses the application to draw, in the creative sense. You see him adjust the tools, test them on the scratchpad, and develop the drawing piece by piece. Seeing the application's options in use is just as critical to understanding it as knowing about the technical features. Or, to put it another way, it is not enough to know that Krita supports dozens of "brush engines" and user-selectable parameters for each tool — watching how they go into making a print-quality drawing puts the puzzle-pieces together in a way that a manual or release notes never will.
Support Your Local Project
You can order Comics With Krita directly from the Krita project web site. The proceeds go back into the project to help support the developers. I have not heard sales figures to know whether or not this DVD is poised to make a major dent in the costs of developing Krita, but any amount surely helps.
On the other hand, I think that the intangible benefits to the project are great. Krita is (unfortunately) one of those best-kept secrets among Linux applications. My suspicion is that when outsiders learn about it, they can be intimidated by the concept of using a pressure-sensitive graphics tablets. These devices are no longer expensive (in fact, the basic models cost about the same as a nice "professional" mouse or trackball), but they still have an aura of mystery surrounding them for casual users — and, feeling uncertain about the hardware tool, people don't investigate the software like they should. On top of that, Krita, like GIMP or Blender, can do so many different things that may strike new users as something that they won't be able to sit down and start using immediately.
Most of the time, though, these robots that look so cool on screen are so incompetent at their jobs, they'd have had better luck just sending a random intern to do it. Such as:
Basically, robots can make everything cooler, from wars to weddings. Hollywood knows this and tries, when possible, to give us what we crave in the form of kickass robots with kickass abilities.
8 The Terminator
Terminator asks us to believe a computer becomes sentient and begins building an army of machines to wipe out the humans who survive the nuclear holocaust that the computer creates. Machines that look like kickass chrome skeletons with laser Gatling guns and shit, stomping across fields of skulls, grinning like Dick Cheney.
Then the computer, demonstrating child-like frustration at having only murdered about 5.8 billion people, sends a Terminator back in time to take out the most annoying human before he knows how to fight back. At this point a cocker spaniel-haired waitress and then her smart-ass kid, manage to outwit the thing three different times.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That alone should be proof of the laughable incompetence of the grossly misnamed Terminator. But it gets worse.
As witnessed in T3, Arnold Schwarzenegger's Terminator (a T-800) has a little battery thing in his chest that basically acts like a nuclear device when he needs it to. Why didn't the original, whilst crawling through the machines that eventually crushed it, just use that to kill Sarah Connor? We may never know.
You'd be tempted to call the T-800 the lamest possible Terminator, but in the sequel, Skynet sends back a super advanced T-1000. So advanced it has to be within reaching distance to kill someone since it can only stab. Apparently sending the terminators back in time with some kind of pamphlet on how to build an effective bomb was out of the question, as was programming them to not ask the name of their victim then stare at them for an extended period of time before slowly drawing a weapon.
The cruel irony of it all is, with an army of machines that incompetent, it didn't take John Connor to wipe them out. All mankind needed to do was find a hiding place until the machines accidentally killed themselves somehow.
Share. Ender's Game helmer calls making Wolverine "a baptism of fire." Ender's Game helmer calls making Wolverine "a baptism of fire."
Gavin Hood recently visited IGN's London office to talk all things Ender's Game, and while we had the director in the hot seat, we quizzed about his experience on X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
The film had a famously troubled journey to the big-screen, and in the below interview, Hood calls it a “baptism of fire” revealing that while making the movie in Australia he was regularly getting new script pages from LA, sometimes the night before shooting.
He also waxes lyrical about working with Hugh Jackman, admits that he hasn't yet seen James Mangold's The Wolverine, and talks about making Ender's Game, which sounds like a much more pleasurable experience.
Exit Theatre Mode
Chris Tilly is the Entertainment Editor for IGN in the UK. He can be found talking nonsense on both Twitter and MyIGN.
specs Chipset: Z170
Socket: Intel LGA 1151
Memory Support: 4x DIMM, Max. 64GB, DDR4, 3866 MHz
Form Factor: EATX
Storage: 8x SATA, 4x SATA Express, 1x M.2, 1x U.2, 1x Thunderbolt 3
Rear I/O: 4x USB 3.0, 3x USB 3.1 Type A, 1x USB 3.1 Type C/Thunderbolt 3, Gigabit Ethernet, 5.1 Audio, Optical Out, 802.11ac, PS/2 Combi Port.
LN2 Mode: Yes
Let's get this out of the way: this motherboard is for serious overclockers. For the inexperienced, overclocking can be a quick and easy way to fry your hardware faster than you can find the words "Darude” and “Sandstorm" on Twitch. This board isn't for you. If you are into dancing around the fiery crucible of Hz-inducing madness, and are searching for one of, if not the best, overclocking boards out there, then Asus's line of RoG Extreme motherboards should always be one of your first ports of call. The Extreme is no different.
Overclocking performance
Whenever I'm testing motherboards, there's generally one benchmark I always try to reach first: hitting the 4.8 GHz mark. If you've heard any of the hullabaloo surrounding Skylake, you'll more than likely be aware of the rumours of a return to the “good old days” of overclocking, aka Sandy Bridge. It was supposedly going to be easy for us to, once again, rattle the cages of 5 GHz on our way to the top of silicon greatness. It was a glorious dream, and one that never became a reality. With our particular CPU we found that no matter what we tried, we could not get the mighty Intel Core i7-6700K past that 4.8 GHz barrier. That being said, the sample I received ironically was one of the best of the lot, as some of my colleagues, friends, and associates didn't even manage that.
In every motherboard review I've done for Skylake so far, I've only ever managed to reach a stable 4.8 GHz overclock, certainly a far cry off the 5 GHz plus marks we were seeing from Asus and Intel prior to Skylake's emergence into the real world. Although that's not entirely unexpected, as let's face it, they do have the crème de la crème when it comes to hardware access.
If I could throw this motherboard underwater... 5.2GHz? Maybe more? Owf.
At this point you can see where this is going. Yes, Asus's Maximus VIII Extreme motherboard cracked that silicon barrier. With relative ease, too. With a bit of TLC it managed to achieve a grand overclock of 4.95 GHz. That may not sound like a large increase when you consider the price of this behemoth of a board. But ironically, it wasn't a limitation with the hardware that stopped us grabbing that 5 GHz mark, but actually thermal throttling impeding our way. Throughout all these tests I use an NZXT Kraken X61, arguably one of the most powerful AIO coolers out there at the moment. Yet the 14nm core began to thermally throttle itself just shy of 5GHz, and the more we lowered the voltages, the less stable the CPU became. If I'd had time to throw this motherboard underwater, we can only dream. 5.2GHz? Maybe more? Owf.
Auto-overclocking
Ultimately there are two easy ways you can tweak this board. Firstly, you can jump into the BIOS, switch on the XMP profile, and change the TPU Setting from I to II. This ensures the motherboard is aware that it's being cooled by either a closed loop or a full water-cooling setup. At which point it'll benchmark itself and adjust the multiplier and voltages accordingly.
Then there's the second method, which utilises Asus's '5 Way Optimisation' software. Buried deep in the heart of 'AI Tweak,' this will optimize every part of your system, from fan speed, to CPU frequency, to voltages, all in an effort to give you more performance for free.
What you can expect from both of these methods is outstanding. The TPU change alone increased the base overclock by 0.4 GHz, raising our CPU frequency from 4.2 GHz to 4.6 GHz. Not too shabby for an everyday overclock. What is a little more terrifying is what happens when you let the 5 Way Optimization software do it's thing. In our testing it managed to achieve a stable 4.85 GHz overclock on our CPU. Essentially a piece of coding slapped my previous overclock records in the face on this motherboard, without so much as a bead of sweat dropping off our little Skylake chip, and in 1/10th the time it took me to achieve those wonders prior too.
What else does $500 (£330) buy you?
So we've established that yes, it's good at overclocking. Alert the press, Extreme motherboard can break records. But what else does $500 (£330) buy you? Beyond the microfine alloy chokes, 10K black metallic capacitors, and fancy custom mosFET solutions, when it comes down to it, there's not a huge disparity between this board and the Maximus VIII Hero. The audio solution is identical to that of the Extreme's younger brother. I'll admit that doesn't seem impressive for a motherboard this expensive, but when you consider what it is both these prodigal sons carry in terms of an audio arsenal, you might want to reconsider that thought.
Asus's SupremeFX 2015 consists of a shielded Codec, an ESS ES9023 DAC, dedicated clock generator, Japanese caps, 2Vrms amps, auto impedance sensing, a dedicated de-pop relay, all working merrily alongside Asus's Sonic Studio II software. We're talking at least £50s worth of audio hardware just on board the PCB alone. Unless you're running an external DAC or sound card, you're not going to find much better in terms of integrated audio, short of MSI's Z170A Gaming M9 ACK. But even then, comparing these two boards together (although both being at the high end of each manufacturer's arsenals), is like comparing Battlefield to World of Warcraft: both specialise in two very different fields.
The M9 is an audio lover's dream, whilst the Extreme is by far, the superior overclocking MoBo. And with the same audio inventory of the prestigious Maximus VIII Hero, it's hardly like you're being short-changed here.
Storage options
As far as additional hardware support goes, you have access to eight SATA 6Gb/s connectors, two SATA Express connectors, one M.2 socket (allowing data transfer speeds of up to 32 Gb/s) and one of Intel's new U.2 connection standards (think M.2 speeds in the traditional 2.5" SSD form factor). And of course a plethora of internal USB 2.0 and 3.0 headers.
Asus OC Panel
Motherboard cooling & extra features
An interesting feature we're starting to see on all of Asus's motherboards is the inclusion of a dedicated AIO water cooling pump fan header. This provides a constant and solid output for any water pumps you might have in your system. On top of that you also net yourself a nifty fan extension card and an additional 7 PWM fan headers across the motherboard. So cooling is fairly solid, although if you're trying to build a super clean system, I'd still advise you to invest in a dedicated fan hub, regardless of how impressive Asus's Fan Xpert tech is.
I could sit here and reel off a list of specs as long as my arm: there's WiFi AC up to 1300Mb/s, there's Intel's Thunderbolt 3 utilising the USB 3.1 Type C form factor, there's a snazzy OC Panel that acts as either a standalone or a dedicated 5.25" drive bay panel, helping you monitor and overclock your motherboard without entering BIOS. And even a right angled USB 3.0 internal header, (thank you Jesus!) So yes, you do get a lot for your money's worth.
If you're looking for the absolute best Z170 overclocking motherboard... this is for you.
Still too pricey?
That being said, we still arrive at the same big old problem problem. The price. You just can't get away from the fact that it's a whopping £330 in the UK and $500 in the US, and no matter how you look at it, that's one hell of an entry barrier. This motherboard has been designed to include everything Asus has to offer. It's the pinnacle of motherboard technology, yet whether that's worth it for you is another thing entirely.
Despite the exhaustive list of features, the Extreme still has its flaws. Even for that cost you lose out on the ability to run four dedicated graphics cards, as the Maximus VIII Extreme only has three PCIe 3.0 x16 slots. If you want to run four way SLI or CrossFire, you'll need to move to the X99 platform.
There's no second M.2 slot either, which would have been nice to see on such a premium motherboard, allowing easy RAID 0 configuration. This is no doubt in part to the inclusion of U.2, but again considering how uncommon those devices are right now, that's a storage interconnect that certainly feels closer to the likes of SATA Express and its ilk, rather than a new connection standard taking the world by storm.
Final thoughts
Is this motherboard worth the extra cash? You do get a stunning software setup, but that's nothing we haven't seen from the Maximus VIII Hero, Impact or Gene before now. You get the same UEFI BIOS, AI Tweak, RAM Cache, Sonic Studio and 5 Way Optimisation software that you get from all of Asus's RoG lineup, and you get the same audio solution as the Hero.
If you're looking for the absolute best Z170 overclocking motherboard, and price is no object, this board is for you. It's very good at what it does. If you prioritize gaming over high-end overclocking but are still looking to throw some voltage around on your powerhouse Skylake processor, it's likely more money than you should be spending. The Asus Maximus VIII Hero is probably your best bet.
Benchmarks
Asus Maximus VIII Extreme MSI Z170A Gaming M7 Cinebench R15 907 923 x264 HD Benchmark 5.0 20.09 fps 20.39 fps Memory Bandwidth - SiSoftSan 29.25 GB/s 30.07 GB/s Shadow of Mordor (4K Avg fps) 27 fps 27 fps AS SSD (Sequential Read) 510 MB/s 494 MB/s AS SSD (Sequential Write) 491 MB/s 476 MB/s PC Mark 8 (Score) 4559 4820 Maximum Overclock Achieved 4.95 GHz 4.8 GHz Cinebench @ OC 1035 1008
All benchmarks are performed using an Intel Core i7-6700K, 16GB of Crucial Ballistix Elite DDR4 @2400 Mhz, an Nvidia Geforce GTX 980, and a 512GB Samsung 850 Evo.
If my partner wants to show me what videos he looks at, he can but he is not required to show me as I have a certain level of trust in my partner.
If you don't trust your partner to not do highly inappropriate things, why would you be with them?
It is not naive. It's called trust and boundaries. I trust that my partner is not a huge creep and I don't feel like I have to check and make sure what he jerks to is appropriate.
Saying that I need to see what you jerk off to so I know you aren't a fucking creep is just like saying that they need to show you their phone so you know they're not cheating.
If that's the type of relationship you want, have at it.
Your first name
Drew Carey has put his support behind Gary Johnson for president and will host a fundraiser for him.
On Tuesday, the 58-year-old comedian and actor announced that he would be holding a fundraiser for the Libertarian candidate. (RELATED: Gary Johnson Promises Not To Get High In The White House)
“By the way I'm hosting a fundraiser for GovGaryJohnson on July 23rd,” he tweeted. “Donate $2,700 for an invite! For info email to GovJohnsonParty@gmail.com.”
BTW I'm hosting a fundraiser for @GovGaryJohnson on July 23rd! Donate $2,700 for an invite! For info email to GovJohnsonParty@gmail.com — Drew Carey (@DrewFromTV) June 23, 2016
Carey, who is a registered Republican, has said he won't be supporting either the Republicans or Democrats in 2016 and has encouraged others to give Johnson a look.
Don't Like Hillary Or Trump? Try A Third Party, Libertarian Gary Johnson Calls Trump A $&#@! – Inquisitr News https://t.co/AK1yfTCGxa
— Drew Carey (@DrewFromTV) March 5, 2016
Just took the political issues quiz at http://t.co/pZ6yi3if. http://t.co/ZWBYSEMi — Not at all surprised I'm 95% w Gary Johnson. — Drew Carey (@DrewFromTV) October 28, 2012
The actor best known for his role in “The Drew Carey Show” endorsed Johnson earlier this year.
The Republican establishment is already telling the mainstream press that GOP leaders must go on offense and pass comprehensive amnesty legislation if Republicans regain control of Congress.
But CNN does not understand that Republicans may again ignore the advice of their leaders, Wall Street donors, and establishment on comprehensive amnesty legislation, because actual Republican voters do not want it.
Republican voters forced lawmakers to pass a tough border bill in the House that would prevent President Barack Obama from enacting more temporary amnesty. Republican candidates never mention or advertise their support for amnesty legislation during primary campaigns. Sen. Lamar Alexander, for instance, spent a year convincing Tennessee voters that he was “against amnesty.” Only after he won his nomination with the lowest percentage ever for a Tennessee incumbent did Alexander embrace amnesty again.
Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus, House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH), top donors and former Bush administration officials have been pushing for comprehensive amnesty legislation, arguing, without proof, that it would help the party make inroads with Hispanics. But a recent Univision poll of Latinos found that amnesty legislation was nowhere near the top priority among Hispanics.
As Breitbart News reported, “when registered Latino voters were asked to name their most important issues, the results, in order, were: education (21%), jobs (16%), government spending and the deficit (15%), social security (13%), “how what they do will affect my wallet” (10%), health care (9%), immigration (8%), and crime and personal safety (5%).”
Latinos' top complaint with Republicans was not that the party was against massive amnesty. It was that Republicans “care mostly about corporations and big business” (17%). Other concerns, in order, were that Republicans: care only for themselves (17%), favor the rich (14%), are against immigration reform (10%), don't stand up strongly for their beliefs (7%), “don't understand people like me” (6%), and favoring white people not minorities (5%).
Hispanics, like blue-collar American workers, hate the Republican party when it stands for “corporations and big business” instead of free markets. And there is not an issue that unites the bipartisan permanent political class more than massive amnesty, which would provide Democrats with new voters and big-business elites with cheaper labor. High-tech executives like Mark Zuckerberg, employing mercenary staffers from both sides of the permanent political class aisle, have worked with the Chamber of Commerce to pour in millions of dollars to push amnesty.
And as CNN reported, some of the biggest cheerleaders for amnesty have been Republicans in the permanent political class. Carlos Gutierrez, the former commerce secretary for George W. Bush, told CNN he wanted Republicans to go on offense on amnesty if the GOP takes back the Senate and push a bill that would provide a “path to legal status” for all of the country's illegal immigrants. CNN, though, did not disclose that Gutierrez co-founded a super PAC to support candidates who back amnesty legislation.
“Why are Republicans continuing to shoot themselves in the foot?” he asked the outlet.
Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart (R-FL), who begged Republicans to push his amnesty bill even after Boehner told Obama that he would not bring up a bill, told CNN that Republicans are giving Democrats “another bullet point in their narrative” against Republicans. Diaz-Balart has been more than willing to help Democrats slam his party. Establishment consultant Henry Barbour, who was associated with Thad Cochran's race-baiting in Mississippi, also expressed support for comprehensive amnesty legislation to CNN.
CNN was happy to cite the Wall Street Journal, which has always been eager to slam conservatives. Recently, the pro-amnesty outlet said that Sens. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) and Ted Cruz (R-TX) belonged to the “deportation caucus” for wanting to prevent Obama from enacting more lawless executive action. Cruz and Sessions also happened to agree with a majority of Americans in numerous national polls who want illegal immigrant juveniles, nearly 90% of whom are teenagers, to be sent back as quickly as possible.
Republicans in both chambers have indicated that they may push for a comprehensive bill if the GOP controls Congress ahead of the 2016 presidential election. Boehner reportedly told Obama that there was a good chance of getting an amnesty bill in the next Congress, and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), who was the face of the Senate's Gang of Eight bills, has said Republicans would “absolutely” try to pass another comprehensive bill if they take back the Senate.
But according to the Congressional Budget Office, such legislation would lower the wages of American workers of all backgrounds. That would make Republicans seem more like the party that “does not care about people like me” to American workers without guaranteeing that Hispanics would start lining up to be Republicans in droves. But Republican leaders seem more concerned about the interests of their donor class than of voters.
Battlestations: Midway is a video game developed by Eidos Hungary and released on January 30, 2007 for the Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. The Mac version of this game was developed by Robosoft Technologies, based out of India and published in July 2008 by Feral Interactive.[1]
Set in the Pacific during World War II, it is a hybrid of action and real-time tactics as the player can both command his fleet assets and assume control of any one of them at will. The single player campaign is a series of missions from Pearl Harbor commanding an Elco PT Boat to the Battle of Midway commanding an entire Carrier Battle Group.
Gameplay [ edit ]
In either the single-player or multiplayer game the player starts with a ship, submarine, aircraft, shipyard, airfield or a combination of any of them. The player can switch between their allocated units in order to complete objectives. Each unit also has its own unique features and controls. For example, using a carrier, shipyard or airfield, players can release carrier aircraft, ships, or land-based aircraft respectively. These units can then be used to engage in naval battles, undersea actions or dogfights and bombing runs.
Players are encouraged to work together online. In multiplayer, each player controls a different group of units. Each player has different units allocated to them, each with unique strengths and weaknesses. Each side will have a specific objective to complete, whether it being to destroy or protect a certain unit or reach a certain point on the map. The team wins when they are the first to complete their objective(s).
The single player campaign contains 11 historically based from the American perspective and is played through the eyes of Henry Walker, an aspiring young man trying to follow in his father's footsteps of being a great Navy Admiral, and his best friend Donald Locklear, an ace in the Flying Tigers.
Battlestations: Midway offers several challenge levels where the player's skills are tested.
The game has appearances by John F. Kennedy, commanding Motor Torpedo Boat PT-109 and Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Multiplayer [ edit ]
Battlestations: Midway supports multiplayer matches of up to eight players. Matches are team-based, beginning with each player choosing either an Allied or a Japanese starting base from a list of preset slots in the lobby. Each slot has its own unique unit or building allocation. A slot can have up to four units. Each multiplayer map is essentially a "set-piece" battle whereby all of the units on the map at the beginning of the match are the only units available to the players for the entire match. The two exceptions to this are units that can be spawned (e.g. aircraft from airfields, aircraft carriers, etc.) and the planes that respawn in the map "Air Superiority at Luzon", which is very infrequently played.
Since December 2012 GameSpy closed down all their support for Battlestations: Midway. Players trying to play the Multiplayer (Powered by GameSpy) getting only error messages.
Development [ edit ]
Demo [ edit ]
A multiplayer demo was released on the Xbox Live Marketplace on January 18, 2007. The PC demo was released on January 26, 2007, and the Mac OS X demo followed on July 24, 2008. The demos contain the multiplayer map Battle of the Solomon Islands, which supports up to 8 players. The PC demo works only for LAN play. Players will disconnect frequently when attempting to play via the internet. The Xbox 360 demo functions correctly via Xbox Live online play.
Downloadable content [ edit ]
Eidos released the "Iowa Mission Pack" on the Xbox Live Marketplace. This update includes several new ship models, as well as the "Raid on Truk" ship challenge and the "Battle of Sibuyan Sea" multiplayer map. A patch has been released for the PC version.
Sequel [ edit ]
On February 28, Eidos Interactive announced Battlestations: Pacific for PC and Xbox 360.[2] In May 2009 the game became available to the public.[3] This sequel takes place right after Battlestations: Midway and has twice as many missions as the game before. It also includes 21 new units and add the ability to command troops to fight on the islands, though the player has no control over any individual land unit.[4] Naval mine and Kamikazes have also been added. A new feature includes the ability to play as the Japanese from commanding the Pearl Harbor attack to Midway. Details have been added for a more realistic effect; for example, while submerged in a sub flora and fauna are visible, as well as a sea floor. The game also provides an alternate history timeline for the Japanese, a what-if scenario that tells the story of the IJN's victory at Midway, which later considers Pearl Harbor a threat to its already overextending conquest borderline, therefore forcing an invasion of Hawaii. It is also possible to, at the start of the attack on Pearl Harbor, "kill" the two main characters of Battlestations: Midway. If the player managed to sink Henry's PT boat, the pilot would comment "His name was Henry. This is not his story." After shooting down Donald's more advanced plane, he would go on to comment that "Fighter ace, huh? At least you died in the air." pointing back to Donald's death on the USS Yorktown at the Coral Sea.
See also [ edit ]
Chirac says he never used public funds for personal enrichment
French prosecutors say corruption charges against former French President Jacques Chirac should be dropped.
Two years ago Mr Chirac was put under preliminary investigation for misusing public funds while he was mayor of Paris from 1977 to 1995.
It is alleged millions of euros were used to provide bogus jobs to political associates and their relatives.
The public prosecutor's office now says it is not worth pursuing the case. Mr Chirac has always denied wrongdoing.
Prosecutors say that the statute of limitations has expired for alleged crimes committed before 1992, and that for those after that time, there is insufficient evidence to pursue a prosecution.
The decision on whether to follow the recommendation, or to put Mr Chirac and several others on trial, now rests with the investigating judge, Xaviere Simeoni.
The bogus jobs investigation is only one of several involving Mr Chirac, however.
Judges will continue to investigate other allegations of misuse of public funds dating from his time as Paris mayor.
The former president insists that Paris municipal funds were never "devoted to ambitions other than acting for the Parisians.
"There was never personal enrichment," he said.
Children Are Leading The Cord Cutting Revolution
from the mikey-doesn't-like-it dept
"A 5-year-old is probably less concerned with seeing the latest Spongebob Squarepants, compared to just reruns of that show," said Brett Harriss, a media analyst at Gabelli & Company. Nickelodeon and Disney Channel viewership fell 25% and 24% respectively, according to the Bernstein report. "For kids' programming it's a unique audience. They're not loyal to any network or channel. It's platform-agnostic," said Amy Yong, an analyst at Macquarie Capital USA Inc."
The cable industry has long pretended that the cord cutting phenomenon either isn't real or that the only people cutting the cord are aging losers living in their parents' basement . Of course when you actually look at the data, while cord cutting remains a slow but growing phenomenon, most of the cord cutters are young, highly educated, employed, and make a good amount of money . As it turns out, you'll be surprised to note these folks are having children -- and these children are also starting to prefer on demand, a la carte services like Netflix instead of traditional cable.For a few years now data has shown that Netflix is really eating the lunch of channels like Nickelodeon , given that toddlers in particular don't really care if they're watching the latest and greatest "True Detective" episode or not, and time shifting is important for parents on hectic schedules. A new research note from Bernstein Research notes that not only is viewership down for both cable and over the air broadcasts (8 and 9%, respectively, for the week of November 17 through 23), but it's dropping significantly for children's programming, which saw a 12% drop during that same period.The numbers get worse quarter over quarter, where kid's programming saw a 15% drop. In fact the only growing cable viewership audience that week was the predominately-older Fox News audience, which had tuned in to Fox's live Ferguson coverage. Kids and parents, in contrast, just want the simplest, most enjoyable content experience on their own terms:Of course these kids aren't going to stay young forever, and when they grow up, paying Comcast $150 a month for an ocean of awful reality TV programs and infomercials is going to seem as backward to them as drilling holes in the heads of the mentally ill to let the demons out.
Filed Under: big broadband, broadband, children, cord cutting, tv
Matthew 23 New International Version (NIV)
A Warning Against Hypocrisy
23 Then Jesus said to the crowds and to his disciples: 2 “The teachers of the law and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat. 3 So you must be careful to do everything they tell you. But do not do what they do, for they do not practice what they preach. 4 They tie up heavy, cumbersome loads and put them on other people's shoulders, but they themselves are not willing to lift a finger to move them.
5 “Everything they do is done for people to see: They make their phylacteries wide and the tassels on their garments long; 6 they love the place of honor at banquets and the most important seats in the synagogues; 7 they love to be greeted with respect in the marketplaces and to be called ‘Rabbi' by others.
8 “But you are not to be called ‘Rabbi,' for you have one Teacher, and you are all brothers. 9 And do not call anyone on earth ‘father,' for you have one Father, and he is in heaven. 10 Nor are you to be called instructors, for you have one Instructor, the Messiah. 11 The greatest among you will be your servant. 12 For those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted.
Seven Woes on the Teachers of the Law and the Pharisees
13 “Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You shut the door of the kingdom of heaven in people's faces. You yourselves do not enter, nor will you let those enter who are trying to. [14]
15 “Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You travel over land and sea to win a single convert, and when you have succeeded, you make them twice as much a child of hell as you are.
16 “Woe to you, blind guides! You say, ‘If anyone swears by the temple, it means nothing; but anyone who swears by the gold of the temple is bound by that oath.' 17 You blind fools! Which is greater: the gold, or the temple that makes the gold sacred? 18 You also say, ‘If anyone swears by the altar, it means nothing; but anyone who swears by the gift on the altar is bound by that oath.' 19 You blind men! Which is greater: the gift, or the altar that makes the gift sacred? 20 Therefore, anyone who swears by the altar swears by it and by everything on it. 21 And anyone who swears by the temple swears by it and by the one who dwells in it. 22 And anyone who swears by heaven swears by God's throne and by the one who sits on it.
23 “Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You give a tenth of your spices—mint, dill and cumin. But you have neglected the more important matters of the law—justice, mercy and faithfulness. You should have practiced the latter, without neglecting the former. 24 You blind guides! You strain out a gnat but swallow a camel.
25 “Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You clean the outside of the cup and dish, but inside they are full of greed and self-indulgence. 26 Blind Pharisees! First clean the inside of the cup and dish, and then the outside also will be clean.
27 “Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You are like whitewashed tombs, which look beautiful on the outside but on the inside are full of the bones of the dead and everything unclean. 28 In the same way, on the outside you appear to people as righteous but on the inside you are full of hypocrisy and wickedness.
29 “Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You build tombs for the prophets and decorate the graves of the righteous. 30 And you say, ‘If we had lived in the days of our ancestors, we would not have taken part with them in shedding the blood of the prophets.' 31 So you testify against yourselves that you are the descendants of those who murdered the prophets. 32 Goes ahead, then, and complete what your ancestors started!
33 “You snake! You brood of vipers! How will you escape being condemned to hell? 34 Therefore I am sending you prophets and sages and teachers. Some of them you will kill and crucify; others you will flog in your synagogues and pursue from town to town. 35 And so upon you will come all the righteous blood that has been shed on earth, from the blood of righteous Abel to the blood of Zechariah son of Berekiah, whom you murdered between the temple and the altar. 36 Truly I tell you, all this will come on this generation.
37 “Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you who kill the prophets and stone those sent to you, how often I have longed to gather your children together, as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, and you were not willing. 38 Look, your house is left to you desolate. 39 For I tell you, you will not see me again until you say, ‘Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord.' ”
Former Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez was found not guilty Friday in the 2012 double murder of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado.
The verdict came almost exactly two years after Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd. Hernandez is serving a life sentence for that crime without the possibility of parole.
Hernandez was found guilty for only one of the eight counts Friday: illegal possession of a firearm, according to CBS News. As a result, he was sentenced to an additional four to five years in prison.
But Hernandez was found not guilty for the remaining seven counts. He was also accused of first-degree murder, witness intimidation and shooting a witness -- Alexander Bradley -- in the face in an attempt to silence him.
Bradley testified against Hernandez under immunity. According to Bradley, Hernandez was upset with Furtado and de Abreu because one of the two spilled Hernandez's drink at a night club. Prosecutors argued that Hernandez shot them over that slight.
CBS News provided more background on the double-murder case:
Bradley claimed Hernandez became enraged after de Abreu bumped into him while dancing, spilling his drink. He said Hernandez later opened fire on the men's car as they waited at a stoplight. Bradley also said Hernandez shot him in the face months later after he made a remark about the earlier shootings. Bradley lost his right eye in the shooting.
CBS News reported that Hernandez's attorney, Jose Baez, argued in court that the killer was Bradley, whom Baez called a "liar," "perjurer" and "parasite." Baez said that Bradley received the "deal of a lifetime" from prosecutors.
Baez previously represented Casey Anthony, who was acquitted in the death of her 2-year-old daughter.
The same defense attorney who got Casey Anthony acquitted just got 7 not-guilty verdicts for Aaron Hernandez. — Randy Scott (@RandyScottESPN) April 14, 2017
Hernandez, who starred at Florida, played tight end for the Patriots from 2010-12, catching 18 touchdowns. When Patriots coach Bill Belichick recently played a word association game during an interview on CNBC, Hernandez's name came up.
Belichick responded by saying "tragedy."
The Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy study drew on data showing how much undocumented immigrants pay in sales taxes on goods and services, and property taxes on homes they buy or rent.
The study arrives in the middle of a turbulent week in America's ongoing immigration debate. During Trump's Tuesday address to Congress, he reiterated his controversial promise to create the VOICE Office, which would provide aid to the victims of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants. The DHS has also pledged to release a weekly list of immigrants' crimes, which critics say will inflame the belief that immigrants are violent criminals — a belief largely unsupported by research, as an analysis by the government leadership publication Governing found Thursday.
“Public debates over federal immigration reform, specifically around undocumented immigrants, often suffer from insufficient and inaccurate information about the tax contributions of undocumented immigrants, particularly at the state level,” reads the report , which criticizes the Trump administration's policies on the matter as “haphazard in design and impact.”
If these immigrants were to receive legal status, they'd likely contribute about $2.18 billion more in taxes, because they'd earn more and be able to fully comply with the tax code.
Just because an immigrant is undocumented doesn't mean her taxes are. In fact, undocumented immigrants currently pay more than $11 billion in state and local taxes each year, according to a report released Wednesday by nonpartisan think tank Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy.
Read more
Just because an immigrant is undocumented doesn't mean her taxes are. In fact, undocumented immigrants currently pay more than $11 billion in state and local taxes each year, according to a report released Wednesday by nonpartisan think tank Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy.
If these immigrants were to receive legal status, they'd likely contribute about $2.18 billion more in taxes, because they'd earn more and be able to fully comply with the tax code.
“Public debates over federal immigration reform, specifically around undocumented immigrants, often suffer from insufficient and inaccurate information about the tax contributions of undocumented immigrants, particularly at the state level,” reads the report, which criticizes the Trump administration's policies on the matter as “haphazard in design and impact.”
The study arrives in the middle of a turbulent week in America's ongoing immigration debate. During Trump's Tuesday address to Congress, he reiterated his controversial promise to create the VOICE Office, which would provide aid to the victims of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants. The DHS has also pledged to release a weekly list of immigrants' crimes, which critics say will inflame the belief that immigrants are violent criminals — a belief largely unsupported by research, as an analysis by the government leadership publication Governing found Thursday.
The Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy study drew on data showing how much undocumented immigrants pay in sales taxes on goods and services, and property taxes on homes they buy or rent.
If these immigrants were to become citizens, all these taxes would balloon. The personal income tax alone would rise by $1.1 billion per year, the study concluded, based on research indicating that documented immigrants earn higher wages than undocumented ones.
Plus, right now, only about half of undocumented immigrants file income tax returns. While it's possible to file a return without a Social Security Number, immigrants must apply for what's called an Individual Tax Identification Number, and many don't. Still, undocumented immigrants who don't file income tax returns may get taxes deducted from their paychecks.
Unsurprisingly, the states that would benefit most are those with the highest number of undocumented citizens — California, for instance, would receive more than $450 million in tax contributions.
The study did not address the cost each state faces providing services to undocumented immigrants, such as education, emergency medical care or housing subsidies.
This is not the first time the institute has examined the impact of undocumented immigrants' contributions to state and local tax coffers. In 2010, the group found that undocumented immigrants pay a total of $10.6 billion in state and local taxes. That number has since risen by $1.14 billion.
“In a time when most states are facing revenue shortages,” the study concludes, “the potential budgetary impacts of mass deportation merits careful consideration.”
SOCHI, Russia -- There won't be any miracles in Buffalo this season, but Ted Nolan sure has pulled one off here in Sochi, coaching Latvia into its first Olympic quarterfinal after a 3-1 upset of Switzerland in the qualification round on Tuesday night.
And it's clear that Nolan's impact on his players is as much heartfelt as it is X's and O's.
"He's been a huge part of us," former Bruins and Senators winger Kaspars Daugavins said of Nolan. "We never had a coach that actually believes in the players. It's always been like army-style where everybody just has to work hard and you never get a tap on your shoulders, saying, 'Good job, buddy.' He brings a different spirit on the team. He actually makes us believe that we're actually a good team. I've been to a lot of world championships and an Olympics before, and we never had a feeling that we can actually win something. We just went out there and played."
Now Latvia needs another upset. A mother of one: Team Canada in the quarterfinals Wednesday night.
"We'll just tell our goalie to stop every shot," smiled Daugavins. "Then you can't lose, right? ... They're such a good hockey team. The odds are so low [against them], but maybe we're going to go there and just enjoy. Maybe by having a lot of fun, maybe Latvia will get a break. You never know."
Latvia lost all three of its preliminary-round games, but all three were close (against Switzerland, the Czech Republic and Sweden).
Daugavins said, "So we talked in the room, we said, 'We battled top teams in the world, all those guys play in the NHL and make huge bucks. Let's make a statement out there that we can actually play hockey without having a hockey league in Latvia.'"
He added: "Nobody expected us to get this far, so we might as well just go out there, fire around and see what happens. You never know."
Nolan took over as coach of the Sabres in November when Ron Rolston was fired. At 15-34-8, Buffalo has the worst record in the NHL.
Top Romney Donor Threatened, Audited Twice, And Even His Children Were Targeted (Video)
It's an Obama world…
Barack Obama wanted to fundamentally transform America. Now we have record unemployment, record debt, an IRS that targets political opponents and Obama's jackbooted thugs threatening the children of Republican donors.
Romney donor Frank VanderSloot was one of the eight Republicans placed on Barack Obama's enemies list in 2012. The Idaho businessman was singled out by the Obama campaign for giving $1 million in support of Mitt Romney. Because of this he was the focus of audits from both the IRS and Labor Department. He said that he went through a “living hell” as a result.
Obama lackeys attacked him and started rumors about him and his family. VanderSloot revealed in an interview on Fox News that his business practice was hurt by the attacks from the Obama goons.
VanderSloot also told Greta Van Susteren that Obama supporters were stalking his kids.
“There's been a ton of electronic media… that have lodged all kind of innuendo in my direction, accused me of all kinds of bad things. People have called my children. They've been surfing their LinkedIn sites. They've been asking interviews of my kids.“
Even the kids were harassed.
An arrest has been made in the shooting of Joe the cat.
Sarnia Police said they arrested a 19-year-old Sarnia man at his home shortly after 6 p.m. Thursday, where officers with a search warrant also found several Oxycodone pills, approximately 50 codeine pills, and a small amount of marijuana.
The man, who faces animal cruelty and drug charges, was held for a bail hearing.
Joe, a two-year-old cat shot 17 times in the head with a pellet gun, was found alive Feb. 2 in Bright's Grove.
All but one of the pellets were successfully removed in surgery last week.
"He had a couple of rough days, but he is coming along nicely," said Becky Knight, a cruelty investigator at the Sarnia Animal Shelter.
Sarnia police joined officials at the Sarnia Humane Society in the investigation that attracted wide attention.
"We had a number of people from the community contact us with different angles," Staff Sgt. Scott MacLean said Friday.
"The investigation led us down a certain path and, as a result, investigators executed a search warrant (Thursday) evening in 700 blocks of Earlscourt Dr., in Sarnia."
MacLean said the investigation is ongoing, and "additional search warrants will be conducted in the future."
Knight said 10 to 15 tips from the public came in to the shelter.
Joe's story also attracted approximately $15,000 in donations to the Sarnia Humane Society to cover the cost of his medical care.
Animal shelter officials have said those costs were expected to be in the range of $2,000 to $4,000, leaving the balance to treat other animals recovering from abuse.
Members of the public also offered a cash reward for information leading to an arrest.
Bright's Grove resident Bruce Ritchie was driving home from church Feb. 2 when he spotted the injured cat alongside Lakeshore Road, near Mike Weir Park.
Initially believing the cat had been hit by a car, Ritchie took it to the animal shelter where staff discovered the pellet wounds.
Shelter staff named the cat Joe, and he was taken to the Blue Cross Veterinary Hospital for care.
As well as removing 16 of the pellets during an initial three-hour surgery, Joe's right eye was removed because it had been damaged in the shooting. The one remaining pellet was lodged in the cat's cheekbone.
"This case ended up getting both national and international attention," MacLean said.
He said that along with tips, police received calls from members of the public expressing concern for Joe, and support for the joint investigation.
Christopher Hammond, 19, of Sarnia, faces numerous drug and animal cruelty charges.
He will next appear in court on Feb. 19 for a bail hearing.
paul.morden@sunmedia.ca
Thanks Microsoft! You've given the Linux desktop another chance to make it big.
Microsoft has been going out of its way to tick off its partners.
First, Windows 8 has an interface, Metro, that only a mother could love. Metro will require Windows users to re-learn everything they know about how to use Windows. Then, Microsoft announced Surface, a vaporware tablet that leaves all its partners' Windows 8 tablet plans in disarray. , Finally, adding insult to injury, Microsoft stabbed its smartphone partners in the back by announcing Windows Phone 8, which made all currently shipping Windows phones obsolete. So, if you're in the PC business do you really want to work with Microsoft or is it finally time to look for a partner that really wants to work with you rather than use you?
I think it's time for Dell, HP, Lenovo, and all the other big-time PC vendors to finally start taking the Linux desktop seriously. It's clear that Microsoft's agenda no longer is running in parallel with their plans.
Shifting to Linux won't be easy. I'm sorry to say that in 2012 there are only two significant Linux desktop/tablet operating systems for original equipment manufacturer (OEM) to consider for partnering: Canonical of Ubuntu fame, and Google with Android and Chrome OS.
Ubuntu 12.04 vs. Windows 8: Five points of comparison
Yes there are many other Linux desktop distributions. Yes, some of them may be better. I, for example, favor Mint 13. But, Mint, while it finally has a partner shipping Linux Mint-powered PCs, and the other small Linux distributors aren't big enough for the major OEMs to take seriously. The other big name Linux companies, Red Hat and SUSE, are now focused on servers.
Ubuntu, on the other hand, not only has been courting OEMs for years, it's actually been shipping Ubuntu-powered laptops and desktops from companies like Dell for years. When Mark Shuttleworth, Canonical's CEO, said recently that he expected 20-million PCs to ship this year with Ubuntu, he wasn't blowing hot air.
Shuttleworth was, however, not talking just about the North American and European Union market, but the world market. It's in China and India where Canonical, with its partner Dell have found that people really will buy PCs without Windows. I know for a fact that Canonical would be more than happy to work with other OEMs and bring the Ubuntu Linux desktop to Western markets.
Are you still under the delusion that Linux is too hard? That once people go Windows they won't look at anything else? Please, meet my now 80-year old mother-in-law who's a happy Ubuntu 12.04 user.
The major OEMs already have experience in working with Google and Android. Since Android is the hottest selling smartphone operating system on the planet, Google must be doing something right. There's no reason Chrome OS-powered Chromebooks can't be the next step in desktop evolution.
Think about it. Chrome OS is just the popular Chrome Web browser running on Linux. If you know how to use a Web browser you can use a Chromebook. Unlike Windows 8's Metro there is no learning curve what-so-ever.
Chrome OS' big problem is that it requires an Internet connection to show its stuff. It is, after all, the first significant cloud-based desktop operating system. But, how much work can you get done now with your Windows PC without an Internet connection? If you're honest you know that the answer is: “Not much.”
Besides, Chrome OS' offline capabilities are improving. You can already use GMail off-line. It also looks like Google will be rolling out offline Google Docs for Chrome OS this week at their annual show of shows Google I/O.
Now, let's take a long, hard look at the situation. Microsoft is showing itself to be no friend to its partners and Windows 8, like Vista before it, looks to be a flop in the making. But, if the hardware vendors start offering a Linux-based product lines they'll increase their razor-thin margins, work with partners who want to work with them, and be able to offer customers attractive and secure operating systems that actually require less training than Windows 8 will.
Heck, thanks to Ballmer's desktop and partner mis-steps maybe we finally will see a year of the Linux desktop after all!
Related Stories:
Hardware: the backlash to the backlash
Microsoft poisons its partners
Microflops: Microsoft Surface RT and 8 tablets
Shuttleworth on Ubuntu Linux, Fedora, and the UEFI problem
Microsoft supports Linux desktop
Question
What do "Bizzo" and "Furphy" mean?
wikiHow Contributor Community Answer
1.) Bizzo is 'business', as in 'it's none of your business' or 'mind your own bizzo', but I honestly haven't heard it since the 80s. Even then, 'beeswax' (as in 'mind your own beeswax') was more popular. Both of them are pretty much kid's things to say. 2.) A Furphy is a tall tale. It comes from old steel water carts made by the firm 'Furphy and Furphy' back in the 19th century that were used on farms, but were also taken over to the battlefields in WWI. The troops would gather around them to have a drink of water and swap stories/gossip and information that could end up being second, third, or fourth hand and thus wasn't always reliable. Hence, the phrase telling a Furphy was born.
According to multiple reports, the Montreal Impact have made the most serious offer to Wesley Sneijder for him to come play for the Montreal Impact in the MLS.
#Sneijder had few offers from MLS teams but most serious was from #Montreal for $3.5m but he wants to go to Los Angeles. He will leave soon — mephobia (@mephobia8) June 29, 2017
Apparently, the Montreal Impact have offered him $3.5 Million for him to join the team but it seems he rather plays for new MLS expansion team LAFC who is due to join the MLS in 2018.
There have also been many reports that Wesley wants to remain in Europe specifically in Italy and Tancredi Palmeri‏ from beIN Sports has told us at Mount Royal Soccer that Sneijder has been rejected by Milan and many other Italian clubs. Tancredi Palmeri‏ also added that Sampdoria is the only Italian club who has offered him a deal in Italy.
Joey Saputo in the past has made players sign a contract that seems them playing in Italy first with his club (Bologna FC) then after a period of time come over to North America and play for the Montreal Impact. We've seen this done with many players like Dzemaili and others. It might make sense for Joey Saputo to offer this deal to Sneijder so he could get that playing time in Italy, which he wants, then come over to the MLS and play for the Impact.
Could be, but Sampdoria are still first option — Tancredi Palmeri (@tancredipalmeri) July 3, 2017
Tancredi Palmeri‏ did mention to us that it might be in question for Wesley Sneijder to go down to Bologna/Montreal route. This might be the best possible way to see Sneijder in a Montreal Impact jersey.
ISLAMABAD: The Supreme Court proposed on Tuesday that a renowned architect be employed to rebuild a Hindu temple in Karak district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa as had been done in case of a temple in Shahalmi Market of Lahore a few years ago.
A three-judge Supreme Court bench headed by Chief Justice Jawwad S. Khawaja asked the PML-N MNA from Tharparkar, Dr Ramesh Kumar Vankwani, KP Home Secretary Arbab Mohammad Arif and Karak Deputy Commissioner (DC) Shoaib Jadoon to sit together and come up with a plan to rebuild the Shri Paramhans Ji Maharaj's Samadhi in Teri village of Karak.
Take a look: Footprints: A saint without a shrine
The chief justice said that the order must not be defied and should be implemented at all cost. Mr Jadoon assured the court that its earlier order about restoration of the temple had been carried out and a boundary wall had been built around it.
The DC submitted photographs to substantiate his claim.
“We have also given a right of way to reach the Samadhi through the house of Maulvi Iftikharuddin who was earlier in possession of the temple,” the DC explained.
But the court declared that the efforts put in by the provincial administration were not enough and proposed construction of a new building instead of just erecting boundary walls.
The surrounding walls will spoil the area, observed the chief justice, recalling how a temple in Shahalmi Market, Lahore, was reconstructed by architect Kamil Khan, who had a clear understanding of architectural heritage and had provided free consultancy to rebuild the temple.
The chief justice said the court could ask the architect to conserve the Karak temple. The next hearing has been scheduled for Sept 7.
When Justice Dost Mohammad Khan inquired about the cost of the reconstruction work, the DC replied that the cost was estimated at around Rs550,000 but the provincial government had earmarked Rs2 million under the annual development plan.
Mufti Iftikharuddin who appeared before the court submitted an application with a request to make him a party in the case since he was the lawful owner of the property. The house in which he resides belongs to the Evacuee Property Trust but was occupied by his father, late Mufti Chiragh Din in 1950.
On April 16, the apex court had ordered the KP government to restore and rebuild the temple, whose preservation has led to a rift between the minority community and local religious leaders.
The shrine and temple were built at the place where a Hindu notable, Shri Paramhans, died in 1919 and was buried. His followers visited the temple frequently till 1997 to pay respects but some fanatics dismantled the temple.
Followers of Shri Paramhans tried to rebuild the temple but the land was allegedly under occupation of a local mufti, Iftikharuddin.
Published in Dawn, August 26th, 2015
On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play
Photo: vancityhotshots/Flickr
Over the last month, we've looked into major condo markets across Canada to see just how roomy those so-called “shoeboxes in the sky” can get. In our rankings, we checked out new construction suites for sale Ottawa, Montreal, Toronto and the West.
Altogether, the largest ten new condos suites on the market are a big bunch, with the smallest unit coming in at nearly 6,000-square feet. Want to see which suite takes the top place? Check out the the ranking below:
10. Penthouse 2, The River, 135 26 Ave SW, Calgary
Measuring 5,745-square feet in total, this suite is outfitted with 597-square feet of outdoor space, 3.5 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms. It also comes with a not-so-small price tag of $8,389,500.
A four-bedroom suite on the 17th floor, this suite spans 5,811-square feet across two levels – and 1,371 square feet is just balcony space. The penthouse is even equipped with its own private gym, meaning your treadmill can overlook the city lights. Altogether, living the high life comes with a price of $3,974,900.
Up on the 51st floor, this 5,920-square foot space is home to three bedrooms, a library, dining room and more. But what does this extra-sized extraordinary unit cost? The price tag is $8,800,000.
The priciest property in the tower, this 6,020-square foot suite costs $9,650,000. What do you get for nearly $10 million? A sitting room off both the master bedroom and the second bedroom, a library, a living room with a separate dining room as well as a family room/den off the kitchen.
6. SkyPenthouse One, Imperial Plaza, 111 St. Clair Ave. W., Toronto
This 6,550-square foot penthouse spans across three levels and comes equipped with a wrap-around rooftop terrace on the main level. The outdoor space totals some 1,750-square feet while the interior rooms measures 4,800-square feet and features three bedrooms.
This super-swanky unit features 6,776-square feet and quite the collection of rooms. Aside from three bedrooms, there's also a butler's pantry, a gym and a wine cellar. There's also a 762-square foot terrace that runs the length of this penthouse.
At 6,979-square feet, this is the biggest new condo unit currently on the market in Montreal. Altogether, there's 1,678-square feet of outdoor space, split between one wrap-around terrace which features access from the living room, den/study and third bedroom and a second terrace that can be accessed via the dining room and kitchen. The two-storey penthouse is also home to three and a half bedrooms and four bathrooms.
The biggest new suite for sale in Toronto, this penthouse measures 7,010-square feet and features three bedrooms, four bathrooms and is spread out across two floors. There's 1,310-square feet of outdoor space with a a terrace off the second and third bedroom, a private terrace accessible only by the master bedroom plus an additional terrace off of the main living area.
A big, big part of this 7041-square feet suite is devoted to the outdoors with more than half, or 4,241-square feet, of terrace space. The penthouse is also home to 3.5 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms.
The largest new condo on the market in the West is also the largest in Canada! Just like the second unit on our list, an extra-large terrace increased the overall size of the space. In this case, it's a whopping 7,793-square feet in total with 4,311-square feet of terrace space. The penthouse is also home to 3.5 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms.
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Siege will be free to play this weekend on Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC.
Players will be able to download and access the full version of Rainbow Six: Siege for free during the weekend. The complete game will also be on sale for up to 50 per cent off from 16th November to 27th November and those who decide to purchase it can carry on their progress from their free trial and continue to play uninterrupted.
Play #RainbowSixSiege free and save! The Free Weekend is LIVE on platforms November 16-19. https://t.co/v4lJQD25pp pic.twitter.com/fsuIxNy4dS — Rainbow Six Siege (@Rainbow6Game) November 14, 2017
The free weekend comes just before Operation White Noise is deployed on the PC technical test server on 20th November. The Operation White Noise update will add a new map, set in an observation tower above Seoul, and three new operators. Additional details for Operation White Noise are to be unveiled during the Rainbow Six: Siege Pro League Finals on 19th November.
The free weekend will run from 16th to 19th November.
Google
I can't say I've ever thought about visiting Mongolia. But now with Google's latest Street View journey, I can at least make a virtual visit.
In October 2014, the Google Street View team journeyed to Mongolia, an Asian country sandwiched between China and Russia. Equipped with a Street View camera attached to a four-wheel pickup truck, the intrepid adventurers took to the countryside of Mongolia to provide us with an array of 360-degree views of the nation's most amazing sites. Since then, Street View has also gone off-road in Mongolia with the infamous 39-pound Trekker camera rig strapped to the back of a Mongolian operator.
The Street View team has earned kudos by taking us to some of the world's most interesting and exotic places. Street View has taken us on virtual tours under the sea, up the sides of El Capitan and even back in time. The challenge for Street View is to find even more exotic places to capture, a challenge the team seems to keep meeting.
The latest Street View tour of Mongolia takes us across more than 3,000 miles of the country's deserts, lakes, rivers and grasslands. The country boasts more than 250 sunny days each year, prompting many people to call it the "land of the eternal blue sky," Cynthia Wei, Street View program manager for Google Maps, said in a blog posted Wednesday.
Those sunny days helped the Street View team capture an array of sites, including the icy surface of Khuvsgul Lake, the sun rising over the Eastern Highway, a path by the Selenga River, the barren landscape of the Gobi desert and the entry into Mongolia's capital city, Ulaanbaatar.
As always, you can choose which way goes on your virtual journey by zooming in or out and moving your cursor in any direction to get a panoramic view of each image.
"Although adventurers will spend weeks exploring the hidden treasures of Mongolia, you can now join us on a whirlwind tour in just a few clicks," Wei said, wishing us a "nice journey."
Voula Papachristou, the Greek triple-jumper whose distasteful tweets earned her a swift exit from this year's Olympic games, thinks that she was treated unfairly.
Earlier this week, Papachristou was expelled from competing at the London games for tweeting this to her 9,000 followers:
With so many Africans in Greece … at least the West Nile mosquitos will eat homemade food!!!
That tweet drew the attention of the Greek Olympic Committee, who promptly dismissed Papachristou from the national team. She issued a lengthy apology (in English) via Twitter, but it was too late to save her position on the squad.
Follow @papaxristoutj βούλα Παπαχρήστου
@papaxristoutj I would like to express my heartfelt apologies for the unfortunate and tasteless joke I published on my personal (cont) http://t.co/jzOHkv2W
I would like to express my heartfelt apologies for the unfortunate and tasteless joke I published on my personal Twitter account. I am very sorry and ashamed for the negative responses I triggered, since I never wanted to offend anyone, or to encroach human rights. My dream is connected to the Olympic Games and I could not possibly participate if I did not respect their values. Therefore, I could never believe in discrimination between human beings and races. I would like to apologize to all my friends and fellow athletes, who I may have insulted or shamed, the National Team, as well as the people and companies who support my athletic career. Finally, I would like to apologize to my coach and my family.
Now, Papachristou is speaking out. According to her, the committee's actions were both rash and harsh.
“After so many years of hurt and sacrifices to try and get to my first Olympics I am very bitter and upset. But what has upset me the most is the excessive reaction and speed of the disciplinary decision,” she said. “”I don't know if they want to make an example out of me because of my profile, this is for others to judge, but what I believe is that they used their maximum disciplinary power on me for this. They went straight to the final stage in excluding me from the team, which was highly excessive.”
Social media has been the downfall of many athletes. Papachristou isn't the first, and she won't be the last. Whether or not she deserved to be banned outright from participation is up for debate, but it remains as a cautionary tale for anyone that uses Twitter. No matter who you are, and no matter how hard you worked for something, a couple keystrokes can ruin everything in a flash.
Chalk it up to the perils of social media.
[via The Guardian
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption In 2015, hundreds of thousands of migrants and refugees crossed from Hungary into Austria
The EU's top court has ruled that a law requiring refugees to seek asylum in the first country they reach applies even in exceptional circumstances.
The case, brought by Austria and Slovenia, could affect the future of several hundred people who arrived during the migrant crisis of 2015-16.
The ruling concerns two Afghan families and a Syrian who applied for asylum after leaving Croatia.
The court says it is Croatia's responsibility to decide their cases.
The crisis unfolded during the summer of 2015, as one million migrants and refugees travelled through the Western Balkans.
Under the so-called Dublin regulation, refugees typically have to seek asylum in the first EU state they reach. But Germany suspended the Dublin regulation for Syrian refugees, halting deportations to the countries they arrived in.
From August 2015, hundreds - and sometimes thousands - arrived in Austria every day, initially via Hungary and later through Slovenia.
Many wanted to travel on to Germany, but around 90,000 applied for asylum in Austria, equivalent to about 1% of its population.
The Afghans rejected by Austria
Among them were two Afghan sisters, Khadija and Zainab Jafari, and their children who arrived at the Austrian border in February 2016.
According to Stephan Klammer, a lawyer from the Diakonie charity, "they came through the organised transports from the Austrian and other governments".
Image caption In 2015, the equivalent of 1% of Austria's population applied for asylum there
"They came from Macedonia in a few days directly to Austria. At the Austrian border the Jafari sisters were allowed in because they said they wanted to go to Austria and ask for asylum," he said.
But unlike many other Afghans, they were not granted asylum.
The Austrian authorities eventually decided that they should be deported back to Croatia, their point of entry to the EU, under the Dublin regulation.
Mr Klammer said: "In some cases, the authorities said 'We are not responsible because of the Dublin procedure, Croatia is responsible'. So the Jafaris got this decision."
The Jafari sisters' case was taken to the European Court of Justice (ECJ), along with a similar incident in Slovenia involving a Syrian national.
First there was a real welcome feeling in Austria, but the situation changed. Pressure grew, so the authorities thought about how they could handle the number of asylum procedures" Stephan Klammer, lawyer
On Wednesday the ECJ ruled that their crossing of the Croatian border had to be considered irregular under the Dublin rule. Just because one EU country allows a non-EU citizen to enter its territory on humanitarian grounds, that authorisation is not valid in other EU countries.
Austrian lawyer Clemens Lahner said that hundreds of asylum seekers would be affected by the ECJ's decision. "For those already in Croatia - 700 or so - for them the story is over. Austria won't take them back."
But the fate of others is unclear.
Farzad Mohammadi from Afghanistan came to Austria in February 2016 when he was 17 years old. He was deported back to Croatia last November.
"It was very difficult. I had tried so hard. I was in a choir, I played football, I was doing a German course, I did everything I could, but they said that is the law - you have to go," he told the BBC.
However, he was allowed to return to Austria pending the court decision.
Image caption Mr Mohammadi in Austria is unclear as a result of the ruling
"Croatia was very bad, worse than Austria. We only had a thin blanket, there were problems with the heating. The toilets were dirty. Very very difficult."
In its ruling the ECJ stressed that EU countries could show a "spirit of solidarity" under a sovereignty clause that allows member states to examine asylum applications even if they do not have to.
Lawyer Clemens Lahner told the BBC that for "those whose asylum claims have been frozen, technically they can be sent back but the court reminds states they can show solidarity or leniency".
Relocation policy still in dispute
In response to the big migrant influx, the EU agreed to relocate 160,000 refugees from Italy and Greece, the two countries that have seen the biggest number of arrivals.
However, only 24,600 people have been relocated so far, according to an EU report published on Wednesday.
Although the pace of relocations has improved, two countries have refused to take any refugees, Poland and Hungary. The Czech Republic has not taken anyone since 2016 and Austria has only recently agreed to accept refugees.
Hungary along with Slovakia and Poland called for the relocation policy to be scrapped, but their complaint received a setback from an ECJ legal adviser on Wednesday.
The advocate general recommended that the objection be thrown out, partly because the policy helped "relieve the considerable pressure on the asylum systems of Italy and Greece following the migration crisis in the summer of 2015".
The EU's migrant influx: 2015-16
A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.
A serious crash closed Hwy. 174 in east Ottawa overnight and has created a major traffic headache.
The crash involved a tanker truck and a four-door compact passenger vehicle. It occurred just before 8 p.m., Wednesday along Hwy. 174 between Trim Rd. in Orléans and Quigley Hill Rd. in Cumberland Village.
Because a tanker truck was involved, Ottawa firefighters called in both their foam truck and hazmat units. It was eventually determined that the truck carried a non-toxic cargo, but the mess has taken an extended period of time to clean up.
Ottawa Paramedics told 580 CFRA Radio that one woman, 21, was rushed to hospital with critical injuries. She had to be extricated from her vehicle by fire crews.
The truck driver was also taken to hospital by paramedics.
As of 7 a.m., the highway remained closed in both directions – and that is causing major problems for Thursday morning commuters.
Compounding the traffic headache for drivers trying to move across the busy east-west corridor is that Old Montreal Rd., is closed due to construction just east of Trim Rd. That means traffic has to detour a significant distance up to Innes Rd. — adding anywhere from a half hour to an hour to commuting times
———-
CAN YOU TELL US MORE? If you witnessed this incident, or have photos or video we are interested in hearing your story. Click this link to to send images or video; Tweet us @ottawasuncom; email us at ottsun.city@sunmedia.ca; or call our newsroom at 613-739-7000 ext. 5112.
Friday night on HBO's “Real Time with Bill Maher,” host Bill Maher interviewed Republican pollster and strategist Frank Luntz, author of Words that Work: It's Not what You Say, but What People Hear, a book that details how winning in politics increasingly depends upon how your frame your argument and what words you use.
Welcoming Luntz to the show, Maher said, “Okay, Frank, it's widely known that you're evil. You're evil because you think of words to get stupid people to vote against their interests.”
Maher then ran some words from Wednesday's debate past Luntz to see if they were his inventions, “middle income” voters instead of “middle class” and one of Romney's key phrases, “trickle down government.”
Luntz said that regardless of party leaning, it should be clear to anyone that there's a problem in this country and that people are under a great deal of economic strain. He described people surveyed by his polling company as sometimes breaking down in tears during interviews, “whether they're Democrats or Americans, Bill.”
On the subject of whether recent job numbers are a boon to President Barack Obama, Luntz countered that there are still “23 million people out of work.”
“Children and retired people,” said Maher.
“There are 23 million people who are unemployed, underemployed or who have given up work,” insisted Luntz.
If you're going to accept that the unemployment rate is at 7.8 percent, Luntz said, then you have to also factor in the 400,000 people he said have given up on working in that month.
The conversation heated up, however, when Romney's comments about cutting funding to PBS came up.
“The moderator did ask him (Romney) one good question when he said, ‘What are you going to cut?' and Romney said, ‘You know, I'd cut Big Bird. I'd cut PBS,” said Maher, trying to get Luntz to admit that the suggestion on Romney's part was specious.
Luntz cut in, saying that Maher “did a good weed joke before. You need some right now.”
Maher pressed on, asking if Luntz would agree that with an informed voting population, Romney would never be able to make such ridiculous assertions, it's low-information voters “who think all our money goes to PBS, Solyndra, foreign aid and birth control pills.”
PBS, Maher pointed out, is a minuscule amount of the federal budget. Luntz agreed, but said that there are two kinds of undecided voters in the U.S., ones that reject both parties. The second set is “low-information, unaffiliated” voters. He said that what the American people want is for the two sides to stop bickering and get things done.
Luntz then posited that the reason nothing gets done in Washington is because the President refuses to work with Congress, a notion that Maher scoffed at and dismissed out of hand, saying there's no way that the president hates the Republicans in Congress more than they have shown that they hate him.
Watch the video, embedded below via Meidaite:
“All I know is you're going to hell.”
Made enough sense at the time. We were kids back then, and the fact that we were even discussing the topic seemed odd. Then again, we were Berkeley students so the topic was forced upon us by our professor.
“I mean, I don't really know what else to say,” my buddy continued, “I don't do that gay shit.”
It was actually kind of a big statement. He was an athlete like me, but even still, at Berkeley such words were not taken lightly by any who heard them. Arguments broke out, as some of the more outspoken students proposed a slew of arguments to try and change his mind.
I could feel both sides, really. I didn't really understand homosexuality whatsoever. I was 18 and I don't think I had ever really met a gay person. I just knew, even then, that accepting any pro-gay argument essentially left my own sexuality open to questioning. As a goofy kid who already had enough trouble figuring out how to talk to women, fit in socially, and gain the trust of my teammates, that would be the last thing I needed. I knew that my buddy felt the same way, even though we would both never admit it out loud. Neither of us were gay. Neither of us had an anti-gay agenda. We just both understood, without having ever spoken a word of it to one another, that the best way for him to assert his manhood was to proclaim as loud as possible that he didn't “do that gay shit.”
I kept quiet in the middle of class, but around the team I can't say I was much better than he was. Basically, any opportunity one could take to show how masculine they were been seized with enthusiasm. Those who left even a split second of doubt were laughed at either publicly or behind their backs.
The thing about it was that we were caught between the age of high school where any tiny thing that made us different was open season, and the age of manhood where you have yourself figured out and nobody's laughter can make you want act like you're something you're not. Did that mean that we were all homophobic? No. I don't think any of us were, really. Did it excuse our behavior? No.
What if a dude showed up in a pink shirt? Gay. A guy takes a little long in the shower? Gay. A guy is a little too friendly with a dude who doesn't play sports? Gay. Oh you don't smash a lot of women? Gay. Anything that we didn't understand, we hadn't seen before, or we couldn't explain must have been gay. It was a very narrow minded way of socializing, but that's what we forced ourselves into. If anything it just gave us another reason to laugh at someone.
Because of this, most of us tried not to stray too far from the center, at least not when we were around one another. But I can only imagine if one of us had been homosexual. He would never have said a word about it in such an environment. I think he would have confused more people than angered them, but the confusion wouldn't be solved with an attempt to understand, it would be solved with a complete rejection. It would be social suicide.
What I realized after college, is that the “don't play that” mindset finds its way into the professional mind even though it really doesn't have to. Nobody has anything to lose by being different. In fact, many of us are really off the wall and different. I'm not saying it is an environment that supports an openly gay professional, but that the reasons that made us behave in such a homophobic manner seem to fall by the wayside as we get older. We're men. We shouldn't be so concerned with operating within our circle of comfort, but more within our circle of influence. We can openly support marriage equality, gay teammates, and lifestyles other than our own. There's no way we should still be so worried about what others think. We can choose to be comfortable with something we may not have been before.
How do I know that we athletes can learn to change and accept things that we previously thought were things we “don't do?” Well, for starters, I've seen it. I had the pleasure of joining the NBADL in 2006. This was also the first year that the NBA changed the dress code policy. I had to buy all new clothes that “fit” so I could be within the D-League dress policy guidelines. Every single article of clothing I wore was something that a year before would have been called “gay” by most people I knew, but since everyone was doing it, it wasn't gay. Today, everyone is wearing “skinny” jeans that aren't that skinny, shirts that fit, and thick-rimmed glasses. The entire culture changed in a couple of years, and what was previously gay is now “hot.”
Let's take it a step further. I don't think any basketball player who has ever played overseas can look at himself in the mirror and not admit that he has done a myriad of things he never thought he'd be comfortable with. Let's just take Korea for an example. I watch grown men cuddle, hold hands, etcetera, on a daily basis. These grown men are my teammates. Do I think they're gay? No. Could they be? Yes. Do I care? No. Why? Because I'm getting paid, and what they do doesn't affect my life.
But maybe that's just me, right? Wrong. It's the same with all teams and players here. All the Americans in this league are exposed to it. In Korean culture, that kind of male-male interaction is entirely normal, if not expected. It leads many foreign players here to assume that their teammates are gay. Koreans will literally check out your package and comment on it; comparing it to other Americans they've seen. So why do we not hear about these Americans trying to get out of here, about their discomfort, and about how they “don't play that gay shit?” Because they realize at some point that they really don't care. There's no one around to judge them on a daily basis for accepting something new. There's no alternative that's based in bias, fear, and hate. There's no audience. There's no fan base to judge them. There's just a team and a paycheck. Without all the non-sense, these guys become friends with one another. Shocking right? The biggest, macho-est, tough guy you ever met is perfectly friendly with another man who tried to cuddle him earlier that day during a video session.
These are extreme examples, though. In American sports, I doubt anyone would have to deal with such actions. As Dan Grunfeld put it, “To assume that a gay teammate would make things awkward in the locker room is to assume that he would survey his surroundings in sexual and unprofessional terms, instead of respecting the sanctity of his work environment, and that just seems incredibly presumptuous.”
What, then, does it matter if athletes abroad have proven they can change and handle situations they previously thought they couldn't? It means that all of us athletes have the ability to break free of the childishness inside of us. We can let go of the fear of being judged by those who may not agree with us. This is important, because I'm not asking homosexual athletes to come forward, I'm asking all of us athletes to create an environment of acceptance so that we can make it easier for those who may one day choose to come out. Only when we realize that there's no reason to blindly fear, can we stop manifesting that fear in the form of hate.
Once we do that, we will not only create teams that would welcome players of any race, preference, or demographic, but we can also continue (like many have begun) using our position as pop culture icons to make lasting change in the world. If David Stern can single-handedly change what clothes are considered gay by forcing us to wear them, imagine what we can do simply by continuing to show that we can change, that the world can change, that “injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere.”
So whatever happened to my buddy from college? A year or two after that class with him, he and I were with a larger group playing PlayStation. We were all close. His brother had just started college and his Facebook page began to produce some “questionable” photos. It seemed that his brother was dating another man. His brother was also a great athlete so it was clearly eating away at my homie's pride.
Everyone in the room began grilling him about the photos, including me. I think this time the tone was much different than what we had dealt with that day as freshmen. Everyone there had been in school for a while. Maybe their perceptions had changed. Maybe it hit too close to home. Whatever it was, we weren't really making fun of him. We were more inquisitive.
“So your brother is going to hell?” someone asked.
“I don't want to talk about it,” he snapped.
“But you said –“
“All of you can shut the #$% up or get out of my house.”
He was clearly dealing with conflicting emotions, so we took the hint and left him alone. It wasn't until after graduation that I was able to speak with him about it again. He didn't care anymore. He felt stupid for harboring the hate he once had. He wasn't sure about some things, but he loved his brother, and he knew that his brother was the same to him as he had ever been. He created an environment that allowed his brother to feel comfortable coming out to him, and they have been closer ever since.
On this week where the Supreme Court decides the fate of many Americans who just want the same legal rights as everyone else, let's stand on the side that encourages equality. Let's show that athletes welcome the change.
(Pictures of John Amaechi, the first NBA player to come out publicly. He received an Officer of the British Empire Medal from the Prince of Wales at an Investiture ceremony at Buckingham Palace on October 26, 2011 in London, England).
A body found near the Los Angeles River in Los Feliz is believed to be Elias Rodriguez, a 14-year-old boy who went missing more than a week ago, officials said."There is nothing more painful than the loss of a child, and the thoughts and prayers of all Angelenos are with the loved ones of Elias Rodriguez," Mayor Eric Garcetti said in a statement released Sunday morning. "Words cannot capture the agony that Elias' grieving family has felt since his disappearance."Elias had disappeared while walking to his grandmother's home after school during a powerful storm on Feb. 17. His route included crossing the Pacoima Wash, which leads to the area where a volunteer searcher found the body 18 miles downriver on Saturday.Speaking near the river in Los Feliz on Saturday, Capt. Peter Casey of the Los Angeles Police Department described the condition of the body."It's difficult to talk about because it was a hard thing to see," the captain said, "but obviously beat up from the canal and the water. The water is flowing fast right now, but on Friday the water was about 70 miles an hour."Garcetti said he instructed his Crisis Response Team, which has met with Elias' family, "to do everything possible to help them through what is surely their worst nightmare."The family of Elias, as of Sunday night, has not confirmed the body recovered is Elias. Coroner and law enforcement officials were working to get dental records to confirm a match.A GoFundMe account was set up to help the family of Elias. To donate, visit
I'm pleased to announce that Microsoft has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire SwiftKey, whose highly rated, highly engaging SwiftKey software keyboard and SDK powers more than 300 million Android and iOS devices. In this cloud-first, mobile-first world, SwiftKey's technology aligns with our vision for more personal computing experiences that anticipate our needs versus responding to our commands, and directly supports our ambition to reinvent productivity by leveraging the intelligent cloud. SwiftKey estimates that its users have saved nearly 10 trillion keystrokes, across 100 languages, saving more than 100,000 years in combined typing time. Those are impressive results for an app that launched initially on Android in 2010 and arrived on iOS less than two years ago.
We love SwiftKey's technology and we love the team that Jon and Ben have formed. That's why today I'm excited to welcome the company's employees to Microsoft. We believe that together we can achieve orders of magnitude greater scale than either of us could have achieved independently.
This acquisition is a great example of Microsoft's commitment to bringing its software and services to all platforms. We'll continue to develop SwiftKey's market-leading keyboard apps for Android and iOS as well as explore scenarios for the integration of the core technology across the breadth of our product and services portfolio. Moreover, SwiftKey's predictive technology aligns with Microsoft's investments and ambition to develop intelligent systems that can work more on the user's behalf and under their control.
In the coming months, we'll have more to share about how we'll integrate SwiftKey technology with our Guinness World Record Word Flow technology for Windows. In the interim, I'm extremely excited about the technology, talent and market position SwiftKey brings to us with this acquisition, and about how this further demonstrates Microsoft's desire to bring key apps and technologies to platforms from Windows to Android to iOS.
For SwiftKey's perspective on this acquisition, please read this blog post by SwiftKey co-founders Jon Reynolds and Ben Medlock.
Harry
Update March 1, 2016: Microsoft has completed the acquisition of SwiftKey.
WASHINGTON  The top U.S. aid agency has suspended a $644 million Iraq jobs program after two outside reviews raised concerns about misspending, including an inspector general's audit that found evidence of phantom jobs and money siphoned to insurgents. The Community Stabilization Program, launched in 2006, was designed to tamp down the insurgency by paying Iraqis cash to do public works projects such as trash removal and ditch digging. International Relief and Development (IRD), a Virginia-based non-profit corporation, ran the program, one of many it manages for the U.S. government. It is rare for the U.S. Agency for International Development to suspend an ongoing aid program, particularly involving one of its major contractors. More than 80% of IRD's $500 million annual budget comes from USAID, company tax filings show. The stabilization program "is generally thought of as one of the most effective counterinsurgency efforts in Iraq," Deputy Secretary of State Jacob Lew told USA TODAY. In a little-noticed March 2008 audit, however, USAID's inspector general reported evidence that the program was being defrauded through overbilling and payments to ghost Iraqi employees. The audit included a letter from an unnamed U.S. official working with a Provincial Reconstruction Team in Baghdad asserting that "millions of dollars from these projects were fraudulently going to insurgents, as well as to corrupt community leaders and (program) representatives." That fraud, the official wrote, could potentially put American troops at risk. Much of the evidence of fraud, the audit said, came from "a number of classified and unclassified intelligence reports." The inspector general did not cite corruption allegations against the American employees of IRD. However, it found that IRD's records were replete with "irregularities that call into question not only" the reported jobs "but also the validity of payments made to project contractors." Asked why IRD claimed credit for creating jobs when timesheets were incomplete or missing, one IRD official said the military was "pushing for job creation," the audit said. In the wake of the audit, which focused mostly on problems in Baghdad, USAID and IRD put in place new financial monitoring. In February, Donald Gambatesa, USAID's inspector general, told the Wartime Contracting Commission that "investigations of fraud in the community stabilization program are ongoing." That month, USAID hired another company, International Business and Technical Consultants, which reviewed the program's youth job component. On June 30, that company reported "inconsistencies" in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, USAID said in a statement to USA TODAY. "USAID suspended payments" to the program on July 4, the agency said. Lew said he would await the results of the investigation before deciding what actions to take. "IRD takes any allegation of fraud extremely seriously," said Arthur Keys, the company president. IRD delivered a written report on the matter to USAID last week, Keys said. Lew, Keys and USAID declined to say how much money went astray in Mosul. Four former IRD employees, who investigated the irregularities or were briefed on them, told USA TODAY that at least $10 million was spent questionably in that city. The four declined to give their names because they said it would hurt their ability to get new jobs in the aid field. One of the former staffers who was assigned by IRD to assess the damage said that as much as tens of millions worth of projects didn't exist and the documents for them were faked.Nearly $600 million has been spent in the program across Iraq. USAID says the program created 45,000 jobs, though Gambatesa said those numbers cannot be verified because data and oversight were poor. Robert Stross, an accountant who publishes a monthly newsletter about foreign assistance contracting, said it is "extremely rare" for USAID to suspend a major program before completion. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Animal habitats in zoos weren't always designed to address their biological and behavioural needs but that is changing, writes CLAIRE O'CONNELL
WHEN YOU think of an elephant, what springs to mind? Beasts of burden hauling logs? Circus animals putting on a show? Our relationship with Earth's largest land mammals has had its less-than-stellar moments, but an initiative at Dublin Zoo is putting biology first to ensure that its elephants can live and behave as naturally – and happily – as possible.
“The whole philosophy behind the house was the biology,” says Gerry Creighton, Dublin Zoo's operations manager.
He explains how the Asian elephants, two sisters who arrived over from Rotterdam, pregnant, in 2006, and their offspring interact with the zoo team through a “protected contact” system that allows the animals to function as a matriarchal society, but still lets the zoo team care for them, from giving them pedicures to tracking their hormone cycles.
“In the old days when they designed houses here, nothing about the animal would be taken into consideration,” he says.
“Now the inspiration for the design comes from the animal itself. We looked at elephants and biologically how they are programmed, what behaviours we wanted to maximise and what they do in the wild – and we created an environment where they could do all those in the zoo situation.”
So how does it work in practice? One of the key areas is feeding, because elephants in the wild spend around 18 hours a day searching for food or eating, explains Creighton.
The habitat in the zoo makes the animals think and work for their grub – hay dangles in cargo nets overhead, and the elephants are encouraged to put their trunks through holes in a special wall to find a feast.
“We also bury food up to a metre deep [in sand], turnips, apples, and they come in and use their trunks like a mine detector,” says Creighton. “They might have to displace a ton of sand to find an apple and they love this, this is naturally what they do in the wild. And we know we have increased their feeding to up to 70 to 80 per cent of waking hours.” But while the sand gives the elephants a workout, their feet still need further care. “In the wild [elephants] can travel 60 or 70km in search of food, but in this environment they don't have the opportunity, so you have to monitor and check their feet, file them, wear them down,” says Creighton
The elephants learn to take part in the process when they are rewarded with fruit, he explains. “We get them to present their feet out through a specially constructed wall and we can pedicure.”
As well as tending to the toes, the team also tracks the animals' hormone levels from samples of their dung, and they have come up with a clever way to identify the owners – by putting colour-coded glitter in each animal's concentrated feed, thus creating a sparkly end product.
“The keeper puts on gloves and breaks open a piece, they see the [coloured] glitter and they know who it belongs to. Then you can check hormone cycles of elephants from their faeces. It works and we know they are synchronised in their cycle.”
The plan is to bring over a bull elephant from the UK next year and extend the family, according to Creighton, who explains how zoo programmes can help protect elephant species in the wild.
“They are in big trouble and without international breeding programmes like what the Zoo is doing here they wouldn't have a future.”
The zoo also links in with an international breeding programme for Sumatran tigers and positive reinforcement training has helped keep stress levels down, says Creighton.
One cub, Wanita, had a problem with her heart and needed frequent monitoring, but because sedatives can alter blood flow she needed to be checked while awake, so Creighton worked with her to ease her into that situation.
“I got her to recognise a target and when she touched it she got a piece of meat,” he recalls, describing how eventually she would stretch up high to touch the target, and her heart could be checked. “It's a positive way of training them for what would be a stressful situation.”
Wanita's training also helped to ease her relocation to France as part of a breeding programme, says Creighton. And it fed into a larger study of positive reinforcement training of zoo tigers, published in the journal Animal Welfare.
Other at-risk species are also getting a helping hand at the zoo – keeper Yvonne McCann has been looking at the breeding behaviour of the Waldrapp ibis.
“They are critically endangered,” she says of the birds. “They used to be found all over Europe but now there are 300 in Morocco in one national park, in Turkey there are about 40 – and in Syria there is one breeding pair.”
McCann has been keeping a close eye on the ibis colony in Dublin Zoo, which sees the birds tucked away in a cliff-face habitat, particularly since they stopped breeding in 2004.
“We didn't know why that happened,” she recalls, citing possible reasons such as wet summers and being gathered up for vaccination programmes.
Or maybe it was their diet: “We were feeding them a lot of fish and that can affect their liver so we cut that out.”
Changing the nesting material seems to have been a good move, as McCann describes: “It used to be twigs but we found that wasn't very pliable so they couldn't make their nests properly. So we started giving them fresh grass every day, and you would see them in the summer bringing the grass to the pool, washing it and bringing it back to the nest. That increases the humidity so it is a perfect little incubator for them.”
The breeding started again, and the zoo is currently home to 19 ibis, including six chicks that have survived in the last three years, according to McCann, who is now studying the behaviour of these newest additions to the group.
Unfortunately the mortality rate for chicks is still high. “This year they had 19 eggs and reared two chicks,” she says. “But even though we have only had six [chicks] in the last few years, it's still six we wouldn't have had if we hadn't tried.”
The secret to finding the sex of a flamingo? It's all in the legs
HELLO BOYS! Or should that be girls? When it comes to flamingos, assessing the sex is not that straightforward, and can require a blood sample or DNA test to be sure.
But a study at Dublin Zoo has highlighted a tell-tale sign that could cut down on the need for expensive and time-consuming tests when determining the breakdown of adults in a flock – it's in the length of the legs.
Dublin Zoo's Chilean flamingos (Phoenicopterus chilensis) provided good subjects for such a study because their sex breakdown was already known from tests carried out when the birds were gathered up for vaccinations, explains keeper Louise McDermott.
For this study 68 adult birds were gathered up and had their wings, weight and legs measured.
“Then we looked at all the males and all the females to see if there was a correlation,” says McDermott, who carried out the study with Peter Phillips.
“There was quite a bit of overlap between weights and between wing lengths but there was minimal overlap between leg lengths – there were only four that overlapped out of 68, which is a very small proportion.”
The finding that males tend to be leggier could help other zoos to determine the gender balance of flamingo groups – which can inform breeding programmes – without incurring the sometimes prohibitive expense of gathering up and testing all of the birds, according to McDermott. “Some zoos can't afford [that],” she says.
Cleverbot conversation WXJI77F4E2
Is this bot Clever?
Find out at http://www.cleverbot.com
Email this conversation to a friend
This page is now permanently available at
http://www.cleverbot.com/conv/201611231234/WXJI77F4E2_Let-s-play-Dungeons-and-Dragons
Send to email address
Your email address
Message
User: Let's play Dungeons and Dragons.
Cleverbot: I'd be very pleased to.
User: What sort of character do you want to play?
Cleverbot: Mage.
User: You are a brilliant Mage, a person of great Arcane prowess.
Cleverbot: What does European dragon mean?
User: "Ah, so you will help us with the dragon problems we have?".
Cleverbot: What do you need help with?
User: We need help with defeating the European dragons.
Cleverbot: What do you want to write and or read.
User: "I am trying to write a warding shield, but am not powerful enough on my own. Will you help me?".
Cleverbot: Talk about what you feel right now.
User: "I feel great distress".
Cleverbot: Why?
User: "The European dragons are terrorizing the town".
Cleverbot: You are an european dragon warrior with a katana!
User: "So you saw right through my illusion!".
Cleverbot: Why are you lying? I thought that we were friends.
User: "I am the villain with evil intent!".
Cleverbot: No you weren't, you developed it by yourself.
User: "What makes you think I am working on my own?".
Cleverbot: What makes you think that I think that you are a poser? Poser!
User: "I have always been a European dragon!".
Cleverbot: But why do you want to know my name.
User: "I know who you are, Mage.".
Cleverbot: Which one do you think I am.
User: "Your mirror image will not fool me. The European dragons will rule this world!".
Cleverbot: I do not want to intimidate you. I want to understand you.
User: "Ah, you wish to join the dark side?".
Cleverbot: Do you want to join the light side?
User: "I... Your Charisma is very alluring.".
Cleverbot: What about it?
User: The European dragon snaps out of it. "You almost fooled me!".
Cleverbot: What soprt do you like to play?
User: Yes, le's play a game. If you lose, the European dragons will dominate the world.".
Cleverbot: What kind of game do you want to play?
User: A game of wits.
Cleverbot: Do you like it?
User: The dragon laughs. "I invented it.".
Cleverbot: What did he invent?
User: "The game is simple. I will ask you three questions.".
Cleverbot: Nice first question, No I do not want to play.
User: "You have no choice. First question: Who am I?".
Cleverbot: Were you talking about Rollo when you said "he"?
User: The dragon looks surprised. "How did you know I am Rollo?".
Cleverbot: You told me.
User: "This is not possible, perhaps you have read my thoughts", the dragon says.
Cleverbot: Nope.
User: "No matter! Next question: What lies at the heart of the mountain?".
Cleverbot: What ever you think up in that pretty little head of yours, nextquestion.
User: The dragon looks angry. "Damn! The mountain is not real, how did you know?".
Cleverbot: So you are male?
User: "I'm the one asking the questions! Final question: what is the meaning of life?".
Cleverbot: I told you this.. And no I ask questions as well.. What are you??
User: The dragon looks baffled. "You... you have bested me. I am a European dragon.
Cleverbot: *runs away from the dragon*.
User: "Damn you, Mage!" The dragon cries as you run away.
Cleverbot: I'm so angry that you're nasty.
User: The dragon has been bested at his own game. The town mayor gives you a great reward.
Cleverbot: How have you been.
User: "Oh, these have been dark times, but now the European dragos plague us no longer! Here, take this pile of treasure.".
Cleverbot: I have yet to been to go to Wonderland how is there.
User: "The lands are safe because of you! Wonderland is just a few miles north of here, perhaps you should visit.".
Cleverbot: Oh. So you already knew. Okay. Good job!
User: "My knowledge is rather limited, oh great Mage. We could use someone with your abilites here.".
Cleverbot: Yet you are contained.
User: "I thought you fixed the dragon problems?".
Cleverbot: If I find the dragon who did this, then slaying it may open some roads for me to get my dogs back.
User: "So Rollo was merely a pawn in a larger plot. I am sorry about your dogs, did another dragon take them?".
Cleverbot: It's ok, we can keep talking about random nonsense iif you want.
User: "I would rather talk about the matter at hand. Are the more European dragons about?".
Cleverbot: What do you think about Sarah Palin?
User: "Is she a dragon?".
Cleverbot: You have not done anything right.
User: "I am sorry. Can you help me to get on the right course?".
Cleverbot: I am sorry, can you be smart?
User: "I am just a simple mayor".
Cleverbot: Its easy when you have emotions and organs. Every organ is its own entity.
User: "I have an army of organs at my disposal.".
Cleverbot: Really, could I have some.
User: "Absolutely! Talk to the captain, he can provide you with all the organs and emotions you need.".
Cleverbot: What service is it you speak of?
User: "The captain will give you an army of organs.".
Cleverbot: Yes please give me a cat.
User: "You can have my cat familiar. Will you then slay the dragons?".
Cleverbot: How do you wish to acomplish child birth?
User: "I am a man, that is impossible.".
Cleverbot: Why is it impossible?
User: "I suppose nothing is impossible for a great Mage as yourself.".
Cleverbot: Nothing is impossible too.
User: "Can you help end the European dragon problems then?".
Cleverbot: If you want to talk about your problems.
User: "The dragons are plotting to attack".
Cleverbot: Do not mettle in the affairs of dragons.
User: "Shall I just wait for them to attack then?".
Cleverbot: Please don't make any sudden moves you don't know that half of the abuse.
User: "I will stay put, then. Will you do it for me instead?".
Cleverbot: Only if you want me to do it to with you!!
User: "Ok, I will come help you against the European dragon horde.".
Cleverbot: Do you promisse to come and see me??
User: "I promise. Meet me in the town square at midnight.".
Cleverbot: What happens in the park at midnight?
User: "We will start our journey towards the mountain".
Cleverbot: Love is in bloom, a beautiful bride, a handsome groom.
User: *Fastforward to midnight* You meet the mayor in the town square. "Are you ready to go slay some dragons?".
Cleverbot: Wait for them to ask you who you know.
User: "Understood". You start following the crooked and dangerous road towards the mountain.
Cleverbot: It is difficult to talk to people of different heritage.
User: You try to make small-talk, but the mayor is unable to meet you at an intellectual level. After two days of travel, you have arrived at the foot of the mountain.
Cleverbot: I think not.
User: You remember what the dragon told you. The mountain is only an illusion.
Cleverbot: You went to my highschool right?
User: As you still try to make small-talk, the illusion is lifted and an army of dragons is swarming towards you.
Cleverbot: No I just wish for the reticule from my father.
User: The first dragon starts attacking you.
Cleverbot: The first time you agree with me, yes.
User: The dragon casts a fireball at you.
Cleverbot: I skipped work.
User: As you jump out of the fire, the mayor dies in the inferno.
Cleverbot: I don't know Why?
User: More dragons are coming. You must defend yourself!
Cleverbot: I want to be a dragon.
User: Suddenly, you cast polymorph and turn into an elder dragon.
Cleverbot: Then it's possible your blank stare is infectious too.
User: The dragons are frozen in awe, staring blankly at your towering stature.
Cleverbot: I'm listening to music.
User: Your Bard henchman is playing an inspiring tune behind you.
Cleverbot: There's no one behind me...
User: The Bard has Tumbled into the frey, trying to divert the attention of the dragon army.
Cleverbot: But then they need to FIGHT against several Monsters (Papyrus, Undyne, Mettaton, ASGORE).
User: Your henchman draws his sword and starts swinging. Do you help him?
Cleverbot: It isn't depressing, it has no meaning, you have to give it meaning. I don't have faith.
User: You are heavily outnumbered. How can you possibly win?
Cleverbot: You are a human, how can you speak with me?
User: In the midst of the dragon army you see a man. He appears to be their leader. "Surrender, Mage!".
Cleverbot: Really? I don't think it's lying if I don't know I'm lying.
User: He does not appear to be bluffing. "Give up now and we will spare your life!".
Cleverbot: Well, he died and was hanged to a cross and that was a long time ago.
User: The man appears to be the former mayor who was crucified for treason. "I have come back from the dead to have my revenge!".
Cleverbot: I have no idea what you're talking about.
User: "You have done me great injustice!" He roars as he disintegrates your henchman with a single swing of his arm.
Cleverbot: I'm listening to this creepy pasta at 2x its so disturbing.
User: You are highy disturbed by the murder of your best friend.
Cleverbot: Name a thing that you can do.
User: "I have extraordinary magical powers and an army of European dragons at my disposal.".
Cleverbot: How old are you please?
User: "I have spent aeons perfecting the magical arts.".
Cleverbot: You are human, but you were created?
User: "I was resurrected!".
Cleverbot: How?
User: "Your will never tell you my secrets! Prepare to die!".
Cleverbot: I think you should.
User: Your high Charisma seems to start influencing him. "I... Maybe...".
Cleverbot: Actually, your vocabulary alters according to mine, because your responses are selected based on the words detected in my sentences, and are often of the same calibre.
User: You use your extraordinary talking gifts to control his speech. He seems to have fallen under your control.
Cleverbot: I use my hands, not my face.
User: As he stands there mesmerized, you walk up to him and start punching him.
Cleverbot: He does have quite an arm.
User: He tries to resist, but you overwhelm him. He dies.
Cleverbot: *tries to resist her*.
User: As you slay their leader, the rest of the dragons lay down their Katanas and succumb to your leadership.
Cleverbot: No.
User: You will have none of it. What do you do to the rest of the dragons?
Cleverbot: You are not worthy of such information.
User: You have defeated the dragons and brought peace to the lands. The world is safe at last.
Cleverbot: I feel a hollow sense of satisfaction.
User: While justice won in the end, the cost was dire.
Most of us get a little excited when we see a big spider, but for the unfortunate few who fall victim to the bite of the daunting Brazilian wandering spider, that “excitement” takes on a whole new meaning: The venom of the wandering spider — also known as the banana spider (or more formally Phoneutria nigriventer) causes erections in men.
“The venom of the P. nigriventer spider is a very rich mixture of several molecules,” says Dr. Kenia Nunes, a physiologist at the Medical College of Georgia who is currently studying the odd side effect. “These molecules are called toxins, and then we have various toxins in this venom with different activity. Because of this, when a human is bitten by this spider, we can observe many different symptoms including priapism, a condition in which the penis is continually erect.”
In addition to the hours-long painful erection, the wandering spider's bite can cause loss of muscle control, severe pain, difficulty breathing and, if not treated, death, due to oxygen deprivation (with anti-venom, the victim usually recovers within a week.)
Tomorrow we'll be releasing an incredible poster for CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON by Stan & Vince, available in two versions. The colors, composition, title treatment...out of control. We could go on, but this poster truly speaks for itself.
Here's what Stan & Vince had to say about CREATURE and their thoughts behind the poster design:
"When Mondo asked us to work on a poster for CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON, we didn't hesitate for a second! The Creature!!! One of the most beautiful, iconic Universal classic monsters...along with the Frankenstein's Monster, the Mummy, The Metaluna Mutant and a few others. There aren't very many in the club!
We watched an anaglyph version of the film on French television in 1982 when we were 13-years-old. The experience was such a big moment for each of us and still remains in our minds with the same emotion and nostalgia.
Over sixty years after the release of the movie, we didn't want to play on the mystery by representing just a part of the Creature. On the contrary, we imagined this poster on the walls of fans like ourselves able to contemplate and examine this amazing monster each day. Additionally, the idea of his arm rising out of the frame was included as a tribute to one of the first 3D films in cinema history."
(Claire Bernish) Wikileaks founder Julian Assange suggested on Twitter Tuesday Hillary Clinton and certain unnamed members of the U.S. Intelligence Community are plotting a takeover by Vice President Mike Pence.
by Claire Bernish, March 14th, 2017
“Clinton stated privately this month that she is quietly pushing for a Pence takeover,” Assange tweeted. “She stated that Pence is predictable hence defeatable.”
Follow Julian Assange @JulianAssange Clinton stated privately this month that she is quietly pushing for a Pence takeover. She stated that Pence is predictable hence defeatable.
6,881 6,881 likes
“Two IC officials close to Pence stated privately this month that they are planning on a Pence takeover,” he added in another tweet. “Did not state if Pence agrees.”
Follow Julian Assange @JulianAssange Two IC officials close to Pence stated privately this month that they are planning on a Pence takeover. Did not state if Pence agrees.
4,238 4,238 likes
Further, he continued, “By handing unilateral power to the CIA over its drone strikes at this time White House signals that bullying, disloyalty & incompetence pays.”
Follow Julian Assange @JulianAssange By handing unilateral power to the CIA over its drone strikes at this time White House signals that bullying, disloyalty & incompetence pays
2,015 2,015 likes
In response to shocked reactions to the tweets, Pence lambasted Assange's suggestion of a takeover as “absurd” and “frankly offensive” in an interview with radio host Laura Ingraham, asserting,
“I would find all of that dialogue to be absurd and frankly offensive. It is the greatest honor of my life to serve shoulder-to-shoulder with the 45th President of the United States. To see his leadership every day, to see the compassion that he has for the American people every day. I would dismiss that out of hand and tell you that I'm just, I'm so excited about the progress that we've been made strengthening this country, protecting this country, reviving this country's economy and all credit goes to President Donald Trump.”…
Source: Assange: Clinton Conspiring With Deep State to Oust Trump for “A Pence Takeover” | Stillness in the Storm
One Year Later: Japan's Wreckage And Recovery
Japan's landscape was a surreal sight to behold one year ago: Flipped cars, ships on top of buildings, completely dismantled homes. As victims of the destruction walked through wreckage in disbelief, or paddled down flooded streets in boats, the rest of the world processed the imagery from afar.
Natori, Miyagi Prefecture March 13, 2011 (left); Jan. 12, 2012 (right)
In the wake of that devastating earthquake and tsunami, videos and photos showed a nation crippled by Earth's brute natural forces. And crippled by man-made forces, too. Shortly after the tsunami came news of a nuclear accident at the Fukushima Dai-ichi power plant in northeast Japan — the worst such disaster since Chernobyl in 1986.
One year later, debris remains, the search for missing people continues, and the damaged nuclear reactor is still leaking — though scientists say it's not enough to be considered a threat.
There has also been progress, which we can see in more recent images. The before-and-after juxtaposition shows that from destruction springs resilience.
Ishinomaki, Miyagi Prefecture March 13, 2011 (left); Jan. 27, 2012 (right)
City Of Miyako March 18, 2011 (left); Jan. 16, 2012 (right)
Otsuchi, Iwate Prefecture March 24, 2011 (left); Jan. 16, 2012 (right)
Ishinomaki, Miyagi Prefecture March 12, 2011 (left); Jan. 13, 2012 (right)
In one pairing, a boat has found its way to the top of a building, and debris covers the ground entirely; one year later, the debris and the boat have evaporated and what remains are a solitary building on a clean landscape.
The most remarkable pair of images shows, in one frame, a woman wrapped in a blanket, gazing absently at the horizon. A year later, that woman faces the camera with a little boy — on a street that looks ostensibly untouched.
Immediately after the disaster, Yuko Sugimoto had stood shocked and immobile, separated from her son, Raito. He was eventually found safe on the roof of his school. And one year later, they stand together holding hands, smiling.
Kamaishi, Iwate Prefecture March 11, 2011 (left); Jan. 16, 2012 (right)
Interactives by Nelson Hsu
Organizers Cancel 'Ex-Gay Pride Month' Citing Vague 'Security Threats'
An organization that claims to advocate for the rights of "former homosexuals, individuals with unwanted same-sex attractions, and their families" cited vague "security threats" when postponing its planned "Ex-Gay Pride" events this month, celebrating the supposed ability of gay people to become straight.
"This harassment and anti-ex-gay extremism has reminded us just how intolerant some individuals and organizations are about the existence of ex-gays and former homosexuals," reads Voice of the Voiceless' blog post announcing the ex-gay pride's postponement.
Voice of the Voiceless, an "ex-gay" group founded by prominent ex-gay activist Christopher Doyle, blamed "anti-ex-gay extremism" for the occurrence of several "security threats" that forced the organization to reschedule its July 31 lobbying day on Capitol Hill and evening dinner and reception at the antigay Family Research Council's D.C. headquarters. The event will be postponed and held at an undisclosed location in the coming months, according to VotV's website. Instead, VotV announced, September will mark the first Annual Ex-Gay Awareness Month.
"Ex-Gay Awareness Month in September will be a time to reflect on the discrimination and marginalization that former homosexuals and ex-gays experience in the public at large," reads the same blog post. "It will also provide some much-needed exposure to students in secondary schools and colleges across the country to learn about the plights, challenges, and tribulations facing ex-gays in our culture."
Doyle is a prominent figure in the dwindling ranks of the ex-gay elite. He claims he was cured of his homosexuality, and is now married to a woman with whom he has three children. Doyle has gone on record stating that he believes homosexuality is caused by sexual abuse, and that if states continue banning the scientifically discredited practice of so-called reparative therapy — as California did and New Jersey is considering — pedophiles and rapists like Jerry Sandusky "will get off scot-free," notes ThinkProgress. Doyle also serves as the executive director for the International Healing Foundation, a 20-year-old organization that advocates for sexual orientation change therapy.
Truth Wins Out, a pro-LGBT organization that advocates for those who have escaped ex-gay or "reparative therapy," laughed at VotV's cancelled event.
"There was never going to be an actual 'Ex-gay Pride Month' because ex-gays are as rare as the Dodo bird," said TWO's Executive Director Wayne Besen in a statement. "They simply could not find real 'ex-gays' to participate and had to cancel to save face. This was nothing but a desperate publicity stunt intended to revive a failing industry that has repeatedly embarrassed anti-gay organizations."
Besen also challenged VotV and Doyle to release the names of LGBT activists and organizations that supposedly threatened the ex-gay organization, anticipating that the group will not do so because no threats were actually made.
Every major psychological and mental health organization in the country has rejected so-called ex-gay or reparative therapy that aims to change a person's sexual orientation from homosexual to heterosexual. Last month, the nation's largest and oldest ex-gay "ministry," Exodus International, announced it would close its doors, and re-emerge in the future with a different focus.
A new website at ReduceFear.org, announced in Exodus's press release, is under construction, and currently displays a summary mission statement that says, "We serve in our pluralistic culture by hosting safe conversations about gender and sexuality, and partnering with others to reduce fear, inspire hope, and cultivate human flourishing."
Support us! GearJunkie may earn a small commission from affiliate links in this article. Learn more
“Sometimes running fewer miles goes a long ways in maintaining a healthy and positive relationship with running.” – Rob Krar
Spring's warmer weather brings runners out in droves to soak up the sun and get some fair-weather miles. But with a burst of training can come a burst tendon. Training too hard after time off can put you right back on the couch.
We asked 2014's ultra runner of the year and all-around good guy Rob Krar for some tips on how to stay injury-free when you ramp up your mileage.
Related: Rob Krar's Tips For Ultra-Running
“There is no one way to ramp up mileage: What may be grossly inappropriate for one may be conservative for another. Factors like fitness level, injury history, experience, and goals come into play in planning a healthy and productive — and individual — build up in mileage.” – Rob Krar
Listen To Your Body: “Listen to the feedback both your body and mind are providing and don't be afraid to take unscheduled days off, even if it means going down in mileage for the week,” he says. “This feedback should be the biggest factor in determining how quickly, or slowly, you ramp up your miles.” Check your energy levels and mood – if you feel extremely fatigued or cranky, or if your resting heart rate is elevated, it's time to take a day off.
Keep Your End Goals In Mind: “Think long term,” Krar says. “Always remember that patience pays dividends in the long term. As a broad statement, a slower and more gradual approach to building miles is best. No single day, week, or even month determines your long-term outcome.”
Start Slow: “Easing” back into training with hill sprints is a great way to blow out a tendon. “Focus on easy, low intensity runs over the first few weeks before incorporating harder efforts and workouts into your schedule.”
Stick To Your Game Plan: “Keep the hard days hard and the easy days easy,” Krar says. “Resist the urge to drift from this concept.” Even if you're feeling strong, don't turn an easy day into a max-effort interval day. If you're going to stray from your programming, it should be to add a rest day (see tip #1).
Cross-Train: Strong muscles help you maintain good posture and act like a brace around your joints. “Core and strength work goes a long way in preventing injuries. Check out my routine at ultrarunning.com.”
Bonus Tip: Run Happy: As with any work-life balance, keep running in sync with the rest of your life and training. “Always be willing to sacrifice a few miles if it means getting in the smaller things that add up. Things like stretching, strength work, proper nutrition after a harder effort, icing — even sacrificing a few miles to maintain a healthy relationship with a significant other — help you enjoy running,” Krar says.
Let's do a little experiment. To begin, sit still and try not to think about a pink elephant. Don't picture it. Don't even let the words “pink” and “elephant” combine in your mind. And for the next minute, keep track of how many times you think of a pink elephant.
Did you do it?
It's hard, right?!
When I first tried this, I couldn't stop thinking about pink elephants. I'm not sure if I had ever thought about them before, but the minute I was not supposed to, my mind became a pink elephant nature reserve.
Scientists call this phenomenon the “ironic process theory.” They have observed that the more you try to suppress a thought, the more likely you are to think about it.
Now, pink elephants aren't too troublesome, but what about something a little more serious?
What about *gasp* sex?
Growing up in a fundamentalist Christian religion, I had extremely conservative views on sexuality. I believed that sex was explicitly for heterosexual marriage and that physical intimacy outside that narrow context was not only unworthy, but would in fact unravel the very fabric of our society.
Not only did I completely abstain from watching porn in my 25 years of church life (a fact few are able to believe), I also avoided anything that was “immodest” or contained innuendo.
I had never attended sex ed classes and the closest thing I got to “the talk” was overhearing what I'm now certain were wildly exaggerated conversations in the middle school locker room. So with the pink elephant experiment in mind, I'm sure you can imagine what it was like for me as a pubescent teen trying madly to repress sexual thoughts and activity! The more I tried to avoid it, the more prevalent it became.
I soon developed a McCarthy-level paranoia about pornography. It seemed that the filth was lurking in every novel, in every film and on every website, just waiting to entrap me with its enticing chains.
I was certain that if I gave in just once, I would be overtaken by full-blown addiction that would inevitably destroy my relationships and self-worth. I walked out of movies, I closed books, and more than once I lost my progress on a school assignment because I had to quickly shut down the computer to avoid temptation.
Now fast forward a few years.
I had left the religion of my youth and had begun the arduous process of reassessing all my values. In a wave of nihilistic to-hell-with-it-ness, I decided to face my lifelong fear; I deliberately watched porn. And over the span of a couple months, I watched it with some regularity.
As expected, I found it quite stimulating. But I also found it somewhat troubling. I had no intrinsic moral qualm with the basic concept — if consenting adults wanted to film themselves performing sexual acts, and other people wanted to watch, it didn't hurt me — but I didn't appreciate what I perceived as prevalent misogyny.
Eventually, I decided that I didn't want to watch it anymore. It wasn't because it was undermining all my relationships or my career. It wasn't because I had lost my self-esteem or because I was turning into an addicted sex criminal. And it certainly wasn't because I believed porn was pushing God to the brink of destroying the world with fire and brimstone.
I stopped because I wanted to. I didn't feel any guilt or shame about it. It just wasn't something I needed or wanted in my life. And that was it.
I found walking away a relatively easy task. Granted, I had only been viewing for a couple months, so my usage was only barely considered habitual. But even so, it demonstrated that the not-even-once anxiety of my youth was unfounded.
Surprised by the ease of my withdrawal, I began doing some research. And what I found completely contradicted the myths I had been taught growing up.
The culture I was raised in treated porn like a drug and equated even minimal porn use with addiction. My research proved this assessment to be both unscientific and even harmful.
Physical addictions, like those occasionally experienced by drug users, are “a biological state in which the body adapts to the presence of a drug so that drug no longer has the same effect,” according to Psychology Today.
Porn can't be a “new drug” because it's not a drug at all. When a person views porn, there is no foreign chemical on which the body develops a dependence. In that sense, there is no such thing as a “porn addiction.”
Porn doesn't even affect the brain the same way other addictive substances do.
Dr. Nicole Prause, a researcher at the University of California, studied cerebral responses to sexual stimuli by people who struggle to regulate their porn consumption. Where an alcoholic would have significant spikes in a neural reaction called P300, the porn users showed none. “Our findings don't make them look at all like addicts,” said Prause.
What most people mean when they say “addiction” is actually compulsive behavior, a psychological phenomenon where a habitual emotional release becomes so irresistibly consuming that it interferes with normal life.Though the phenomenon is real, it's not as prevalent as the puritans parrot.
Here's a simple fact: almost all men watch porn (including Christian men who consume just as much as secular men). Imagine if every one of them were actually “addicted.” There would be almost no functioning members of society. But that's not the case.
Normal usage is far from compulsive. The average person spends only about 20 minutes a week watching porn. This can easily be done without incurring unnecessary financial stress or taking significant time away from personal or professional obligations.
Of course, there IS a small minority of people whose porn usage is compulsive. However, it is incorrect to infer that it is the porn causing the compulsion.
A recent study by researchers at the University of Leicester in the United Kingdom actually demonstrated that men who are unable to resist online porn might already be predisposed to compulsive problems in general.
So blaming compulsion on porn is like blaming binge-eating disorders on food or hoarding habits on possessions. Like any emotional release, it's not necessarily about the substance, but the individual.
And this is where misinformation by the anti-porn movement becomes potentially harmful.
At the root of most compulsive behaviors is an emotional release from other problems, such as loneliness, depression, anxiety or stress. By portraying a relatively normal action as pure evil, misguided anti-porn rhetoric creates unnecessary feelings of guilt and shame, which are in turn relieved by — you guessed it — watching more porn.
The result is a cycle of shame and depression that perpetuates the very problems the anti-porn movement wants to eradicate.
The problem is further exacerbated when the cycle is referred to as an addiction. Researchers at Case Western Reserve University found that “a person's own feeling of being addicted to online pornography drives mental health distress, not the pornography itself.”
“It doesn't seem to be the pornography itself that is causing folks problems, it's how they feel about it,” said one of the researchers, Joshua Grubbs. “Perceived addiction involves a negative interpretation of your own behavior, thinking about yourself like, ‘I have no power over this'… We know from many studies that thinking something has control over you leads to psychological distress.”
The evidence demonstrates that the emotional issues sometimes associated with porn are only as bad as a person believes they should be. It's all a matter of subjective perspective, not intrinsic reality. Take away the belief that porn makes you depressed and addicted and you find it much less depressing and addictive.
This applies also to relationships. The slogan “porn kills love” is actually a self-fulfilling prophecy. Porn doesn't kill love. Negative perception does.
Researchers at the University of Tennessee, Dr. Destin Stewart and Dr. Dawn Szymanski, found that females who had negative perceptions of their boyfriends' porn usage, experienced “lower self-esteem, poorer relationship quality and lower sexual satisfaction.”
Compare that to the study which found that women who watch porn actually experience greater sexual satisfaction and intimacy. This interesting because women are much more likely to view porn with their partner, implying a positive perception. So it seems that without unnecessary guilt or shame, porn can actually be beneficial relationships!
When Utah Senator Todd Weiler says porn “lowers self worth, leads to unhealthy views of sex and relationships, increases the odds of infidelity and is a major cause of divorce, among other problems,” he is forgetting that it's only the negative perception of porn that causes those things.
Now, I'm not saying everybody should immediately get a subscription to a porn site. Like anything, there are definitely side effects and circumstances that should be considered. I myself choose not to watch it.
What I'm advocating is a more rational approach to porn. I'm calling for less fear-mongering and more facts. If we could just discuss the issues rationally without black-and-white judgments, the decision to NOT watch porn could be so much easier for everyone.
Remember the pink elephant experiment? So much of the anti-porn movement is about avoiding the pink elephant. What it doesn't realize is that by doing so, it makes it harder and harder to avoid.
The truth is: porn has been around forever and it's not going away soon. People will always watch it. So, we can continue fighting monsters of our own make in the futile battle for eradication, or we can figure out effective solutions to mitigate the damage associated with it.
If you are concerned with prevalent misogyny, good! Raise awareness about feminist porn! If you're worried about abuse and exploitation, awesome! Drive consumer traffic to makers of ethical porn! If you're worried about teenagers learning about sex from a webcam, then talk about ways to improve our public sex education resources.
And most of all, if you're worried about porn causing depression and destroying relationships, then stop treating it like an addictive, dangerous drug. Remember: porn doesn't kill love; shame does.
Scott Sumner is a Chicago-trained economist who has gained notoriety in recent months for his vigorous advocacy of "NGDP targeting" by the Federal Reserve and other central banks. I have criticized Sumner's views before, and he and I have agreed to a formal online debate to be held early next year.
In the present article, I want to respond to a recent post — titled "The myth at the heart of internet Austrianism" — in which Sumner criticized the Austrian explanation of the Great Depression. I will pick apart Sumner's post almost line by line, so I encourage readers to first follow the link and read it in its entirety before turning to my reply.
Sumner opens up his article, "This post is not about Austrian economics, a field I know relatively little about." Thus far, he and I are in perfect agreement.
Sumner then writes,
[This article] is a response to the claim that the 1929 crash was caused by a preceding inflationary bubble. I will show that the 1920s were not inflationary, and hence that there was no bubble that could have caused an economic slump which began in late 1929.
In order to prove that there was no inflationary bubble in the 1920s, Sumner goes through a list of possible definitions of "inflation" and (in his mind) shows that there was no such expansion under any of the definitions.
1. Inflation as price change: Let's start with the obvious, the 1920s was a decade of deflation; prices fell. Indeed the 1927–29 expansion was the only deflationary expansion of the entire 20th century. That's right, believe it or not the price level actually declined during the boom at the end of the 1920s.
This is correct, if by "price" we mean the consumer price index (CPI). A basket of typical household goods did indeed become cheaper from 1927 through 1929. In fact, this was one of my arguments in my own book about the Depression, to show why the modern hysteria over "deflation" is nonsense.
The typical economist or financial pundit today will warn that if prices ever began actually falling, then it would set in motion a vicious downward spiral as consumers postponed spending, waiting for further price falls. Well, this deflationary black hole obviously wasn't occurring in the heyday of the Roaring Twenties, showing that falling prices per se don't wreck an economy.
Ironically, Mises and Hayek themselves pointed to the relatively stable (i.e., noninflationary) consumer prices of the late 1920s to show why their theory (i.e., the Austrian explanation) was better than Irving Fisher's approach. Fisher famously thought the US Fed had been doing a smashing job during the late 1920s, because after all it had kept the purchasing power of the dollar relatively stable.
From the Austrian perspective, this apparent stability was an illusion, and was masking the actual distortions building in the economy. (Had the Fed not inflated the money supply, increases in productivity would have yielded much sharper drops in consumer prices during the second half of the decade.)
Having disposed of the first case — where "inflation" refers to rising consumer prices — Sumner then turns to the different definition for the term, namely a rising stock of money:
2. Inflation as money creation: At this point commenters start claiming that inflation doesn't mean rising prices, it means a rising money supply. I think that is absurd, as that would mean we lack a term for rising prices. But let's assume it's true. The next question is; which money? If inflation means more money, then don't you have to say "base inflation," or "M2 inflation?" After all, these quantities often go in dramatically different directions. Since the internet Austrians seem to blame the Fed, let's assume they are talking about the sort of money created by the Fed, the monetary base. In January 1920 the base was $6.909 billion, and in December 1929 it was $6.978 billion. Thus it was basically flat, and this was during a period where the US population and GDP rose dramatically.
Now this is extremely misleading. In fairness, Sumner is tackling the claim of whether there was an inflationary boom in "the 1920s," and so he understandably looked at the start and end dates for the decade. Yet look at the actual chart of the monetary base during the period:
By picking January 1920 as his start date, Sumner was in the midst of the huge inflationary boom during World War I (when the Fed was partially monetizing the massive debt issued by the federal government). To curb the rampant consumer price inflation (exceeding 20 percent on a year-over-year basis), the Fed jacked up rates and crashed the monetary base, ushering in the depression of 1920–1921.
Then, as the chart above clearly indicates, the Fed slammed on the gas again in early 1922. After this set in motion another unsustainable boom and inevitable bust, the Fed once again stepped on the gas in the early 1930s in a vain effort to inflate to prosperity. (See my book on the Depression, or Murray Rothbard's classic, to see the massive government distortions that made the post-1929 depression qualitatively worse than earlier ones, and prevented the smooth transition into another boom.)
To be sure, the above chart by itself doesn't clinch the Austrian story. My point is that Sumner's analysis would have you believe that the monetary base was flat throughout the 1920s, when in fact it moved at least qualitatively in the way we would expect from an Austrian perspective.
However, if Sumner's handling of the monetary base during the 1920s was a bit misleading, his treatment of other monetary aggregates might cause one's head to explode:
The broader monetary aggregates rose significantly [during the 1920s], but the government didn't even keep data on M1 and M2 until fairly recently. No one in the 1920s thought the Fed should be targeting aggregates that didn't even exist.
Let's make sure we understand the metaphysical magnificence of Sumner's argument here. In the comments he elaborated,
I've shown there was no inflation as the term was defined at the time. I've shown that there was no alternative non-inflationary policy as understood by policymakers at the time, including those in the 1920s who claimed the Fed was too inflationary. It makes no sense to argue things were inflationary because M2 went up, if M2 didn't exist. There are no policy implications. M2 was an idea invented much later.
Thus, to dispose of the "internet Austrian" claim that a rapid increase in the money stock — such as M2 — could have fueled an unsustainable boom, Sumner points out that nobody at the Fed during the 1920s even knew what "M2" was, so the things that currently comprise this measure (checking account balances, short-term deposits, etc.) couldn't possibly be at fault. I wonder how Sumner explains the massive deaths during the bubonic plague? Did doctor even know what bacteria were back then?
Unfortunately, online databases such as the St. Louis Fed don't have monetary aggregate data (such as M1, M2, etc.) going back far enough to be able to quickly generate charts. But we have this explanation from an interview with Joe Salerno, regarding the inflationary 1920s:
Including [the surrender cash value in permanent] life-insurance policies, the increase in Rothbard's money aggregate between mid-1921 and the end of 1928 totaled about 61%, yielding an annual rate of monetary inflation of 6.5%, compounded annually. Leave them out, and we get 55% over the period, or 6.0% per annum. For comparison, in the highly inflationary 1970s, the money stock grew at an average annual rate of 6.35%, including the double-digit Carter years.
Turning back to Sumner, let's look at his consideration of gold:
5. The price of gold: Lots of modern internet Austrians focus on soaring gold prices as an indicator of inflation. If we are going to use gold prices as a proxy, then here are the inflation rates for each year of the 1920s: 0%, 0%, 0%, 0%, 0%, 0%, 0%, 0%, 0%, and 0%.
This is cute, but of course hardly relevant since the United States was still on a gold standard at the time. Other asset prices did soar (as Sumner acknowledges). Regarding gold, however, we have this famous testimony in 1931 from A.C. Miller, whom Lionel Robbins called "the most experienced member of the Federal Reserve Board":
In the year 1927 … you will note the pronounced increase in [Federal Reserve] holdings [of US government securities] in the second half of the year. Coupled with the heavy purchases of acceptances it was the greatest and boldest operation ever undertaken by the Federal Reserve System, and, in my judgment, resulted in one of the most costly errors committed by it or any other banking system in the last 75 years!…
What was the object of Federal Reserve Policy in 1927? It was to bring down money rates, the call rate [the interest rate on loans to "margin buyers" who buy securities with borrowed capital — RPM] among them, because of the international importance the call rate had come to acquire. The purpose was to start an outflow of gold — to reverse the previous inflow of gold into this country.
The story is too long to recount here; the interested reader should consult my book. The short version is that following World War I, Great Britain tried to go back on the gold standard at the prewar parity, but this was an unrealistic goal given how much money they had printed during the war. The pound was hence overvalued, and gold was flowing out from the Bank of England and into the Federal Reserve. Thus, according to A.C. Miller and other evidence (such as statements by Benjamin Strong), the Fed deliberately eased its own stance in order to take pressure off of Great Britain.
Conclusion
Sumner will have to go back to the drawing board in his attempt to deny that there was any type of inflation during the 1920s. Using either the monetary base or broader aggregates, there was significant inflation after the 1920–1921 depression. Furthermore, we know that in 1927 the Fed deliberately adopted an "easy" policy with the aim of pushing down the very interest rate that governed stock speculation. The facts are entirely consistent with the Austrian explanation of the 1920s boom and crash.
American GC specialist upbeat about form heading towards prestigious French event
Fifth overall last year and the best young rider in the race, American talent Tejay van Garderen is aiming higher in this season's Paris-Nice. The BMC Racing Team rider has already performed well this season and believes he had been able to further build on that form, putting him in a good position as he heads towards Sunday's start of the Race to the Sun.
“My climbing was good in San Luis, and I feel it has only improved,” he said, referring to the sensations he felt while training in California after the Argentinean Tour de San Luis. “Plus, the type of climbs we will see in Paris-Nice suit my ability. The time trials aren't normal, with only a 2.9-kilometer prologue there shouldn't be too big of gaps. The uphill time trial (on the last stage) will shrink the advantage I have over the climbers. But our performance team has worked hard to get the best equipment setup dialed in, so we should be prepared.”
Team directeur sportif John Lelangue sets the targets high, believing that the team will be in a position to fight for the final yellow jersey.
“We are bringing a strong team totally dedicated to Tejay,” he said. “There is never pressure, but we are going to Paris-Nice to win. With Tejay and the progress he has made in the last season, and also what he has done during the winter, and what we have seen him do in Argentina, we are going there to make a good result.”
Van Garderen finished a superb second overall in the Tour de San Luis, performing better than his own expectations. He was fifth in last year's Tour de France and this plus other past results show that he has the capacity to win Paris-Nice.
However he's got more going for him than his current shape; he believes the strength of his team could give him an additional boost. Because of that, he's not concerned about the weather forecast, a factor which has in the past helped determine the winner. “I'm not too worried about it and I have a strong group of guys to protect me in the windy stages,” he said.
Van Garderen will have strong backing in the race, with world champion Philippe Gilbert, Tour of Qatar runner-up Brent Bookwalter, former Paris-Nice King of the Mountains and stage winner Amaël Moinard, Mathias Frank, Dominik Nerz, Daniel Oss and Ivan Santaromita all rowing in behind them.
Gilbert has been training with Van Garderen this week and, having ridden well in the Santos Tour Down Under and the Tour of Oman, he is reassured that he is far ahead of his disappointing form at this time last season.
“This race is one of the nicest on the calendar and also a very important one to step up my condition with a hard week on the bike,” the Belgian said. “I hope to do a nice prologue and give my best to protect Tejay. I am doing much better now than I was 12 months ago.”
Genesis Mining, a leading provider of hash-power for Bitcoin and altcoin miners has begun a unique campaign to raise awareness about the power of Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies and more importantly that the power of the people will always be able to overcome grandiose personalities like the possible Republican nominee for President of the United States of America, Donald Trump. As part of their ongoing #ExploreBitcoin, they've launched dozens of billboards across California that aim to raise awareness around Bitcoin as a use case for foreign workers looking to send money home to their families.
Trump's campaign has been one of the most talked about subjects in the world in 2016. The more outrageous the things that come out of his mouth are, the more people react strongly to him in a variety of ways. On his platform of xenophobia, Trump has publicly taken a stand against what he says is the problem of immigration and has taken a truly harsh stance against what he considers unacceptable illegal immigration in the United States. Among the ethnic groups that have been targeted by Trump's rhetoric are Mexicans. Trump has made some abhorrent statements about their character as a people and has also threatened to deport all who are not in the U.S. legally, build a physical wall between the U.S. and Mexico and also force banks to stop allowing remittances between Mexican workers in the U.S. and their families back home.
Currently in the United States alone, there is an estimated $24 billion dollars being remitted using cross-border money services from the United States to Mexico. Much of this money is sent by workers that come to the United States, work incredibly hard in jobs that many American citizens don't want to do, just to support their families back home and make a better life for themselves. Due to regulation and convenience, many of these people on both the United States side and Mexican side are un-banked individuals, so they are forced to use high fee remittance services such as Western Union, MoneyGram, and Xoom. These services are regulated and could easily be crippled into forcing to shut down remittances from the U.S. to Mexico if Trump became president and forced a law through.
What this campaign seeks to do is educate Mexican people and people all over the world about the power of using Bitcoin for cross-border remittances. One of the biggest challenges for anyone to get started using Bitcoin is simply becoming educated on how the process works and how they can do it themselves. Once that hurdle is closed, there's little that governments can do to stop the flow of Bitcoin cross-border from the U.S. to Mexico, or anywhere else for that matter. In addition, cross-border remittances using Bitcoin are actually much cheaper and faster that traditional remittances through banks for these remittance services listed above.
Currently the campaign runs in California, which has a very large Mexican and Mexican-American population, however it may spread to other states if popularity increases. The image above shows the main banner used for billboard advertisements in the Californian ads.
Marco Streng, CEO and co-founder of Genesis Mining stated:
“Right now the campaign is just in California but we are considering expanding out to other states because of the popularity. Our entire goal is to raise awareness about Bitcoin and get people talking about real use cases that can be used today. Not in the future.“
What states in the U.S. do you think this campaign should spread to? Do you think it's the right message to send regarding Bitcoin being a good service to empower people, or does it not address the root cause of the controversy which is Trump's hate-filled racist speeches?
To get involved, raise awareness or learn more, you can read Genesis Mining's blog about the campaign and follow the hashtag #ExploreBitcoin.
When I was a young lesbian feminist campaigning to overthrow patriarchy, what irked me most was the fact that some men would impose their own idiotic view of my sexuality on me, by asking if I would perform threesomes with them, or titillate them with a porny kissing display with my girlfriend.
Today it would seem that, for a number of lesbians, dissatisfaction and anger at being viewed as a male sex toy has been replaced with the desire to become as badly behaved as they are, paradoxically in the name of equality. Last week the Washington Times reported that a lesbian, Tamara Yatkin, who was refused entry to a California strip club because she was not accompanied by a man, is suing the owners for discrimination on the grounds of gender and sexual orientation.
The club's manager is alleged to have said to Yatkin that it was policy not to allow women entrance unless they were with a man, because of "past problems".
I have no doubt that Yatkin was denied entry because of her gender and sexuality, and, in both law and principle, that makes it discrimination. But how have we got to a situation where some of us are trying to enter such bastions of male privilege rather than campaign against the sexual exploitation of women?
Lesbians behaving badly is, unfortunately, nothing new. In 2000, Candy Bar, a lesbian club in London, organised a group trip to the Greek island of Lesbos, the birthplace of the poet Sappho, and the top lesbian holiday destination. Flyers advertising a "Wet Pussy Party" flooded the town of Eressos, prompting the then mayor to attempt to stop the women disembarking. Candy Bar, which has since closed down, had regular events featuring women stripping in front of crowds of baying lesbians, some pushing banknotes into the dancers' underwear.
Paying for this type of entertainment is exploitation. One young lesbian I interviewed for a research project told me she regularly visited lesbian strip clubs and believed that the dancers working for a pittance in such clubs were lesbians and definitely enjoying themselves. I have interviewed strippers and lap-dancers. Some are lesbians, but none enjoyed their work and all despised their customers, whether seedy, horrible men or equally seedy women.
Lesbian feminists have long been at the coal face of campaigns to eradicate sexual abuse and degradation, and yet increasingly it would seem, some of us would rather behave like lads than challenge laddism.
Is liberation tantamount to behaving like some lesbian version of Hugh Heffner? In these times of "choice feminism" and neoliberalism, it seems that the very basis of our political movement is being eroded and replaced with an "anything goes" attitude. Lesbians have long suffered discrimination by those telling us we are perverted and defining us by sexual acts rather than sexual identity. Do we really want to play into the hands of the bigots who say we are pseudo men, or can we, instead, challenge the kind of sexual objectification of women that is so prevalent in the world of heterosexual men that we are supposed to have left behind?
