Israel said Democrats wanted to "shame Republicans into giving us a vote on stopping terrorists for buying guns in America." (Photo By Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call)
House Democrats want Republicans to give them a vote on legislation to ban individuals on the terrorist watch list from purchasing guns.
On Tuesday, they got to debate the issue — sort of. Members of the House Democratic Caucus launched a plan to force as many as 15 procedural motions to adjourn throughout the day, with others expected throughout the balance of the week, in a bid to force GOP leaders to bring up legislation that would give the attorney general authority to deny gun licenses to anyone deemed to be engaged in terrorist activities.
Democrat Protests Gun Control Inaction with Silent Speech
Forcing votes on all 15 motions, which would be held open a minimum of 15 minutes each, would burn three hours and 45 minutes of floor time when the House could otherwise be debating on the scheduled bills, as well as negotiating a year-end omnibus spending bill, tax extenders and other priorities.
The House ultimately didn't bring up a number of suspension measures that were on Tuesday's schedule.
By the fourth procedural vote on Tuesday, Republicans started to take the bait. Rep. Scott Perry, R-Pa., called the maneuvering a “ruse.”
“The no-fly list [is] maintained by bureaucrats,” Perry shouted as Democrats booed from across the aisle, “the same administration that persecutes its citizens and has them audited by the IRS for their beliefs and what they say at prayer breakfast.”
Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, took up the fight.
“I wonder if people who speak on this floor … sometimes listen to themselves,” he said, directing his remarks to the Democrats.
As floor decorum broke down, the normally congenial Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., could be seen having a stern conversation with Perry.
During the fifth vote on a motion to adjourn, McCarthy and Speaker Paul D. Ryan, R-Wis., were seen speaking to Perry and Gohmert collectively, later joined by Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La.
Perry and Gohmert could then be seen huddling with the House's most vocal conservatives and members of the Freedom Caucus, of which Perry is a part.
Spokesmen for Ryan, McCarthy and Scalise would not comment, though they appeared to be trying to keep the two members from creating a scene and engaging in a conversation about the issue.
Perry confirmed in an interview that leadership would have preferred he ignored Democrats' procedural protest.
“Their feeling was that we should deal with the issue at hand, which was the bill on the floor, and not allow the other side to monopolize the conversation with these other things – that in joining them in the conversation it was just kind of promoting the same kind of anarchy,” Perry said.
Asked if he was in trouble with leadership, Perry said, “I'm a grown man. I don't get in trouble. I've talked to the leader a couple times since then. I've talked to the whip. I've talked to the conference chair. And I've talked to the speaker. And nobody seems to have any animosity. They just explained their position to me.”
Perry said he has no regrets about his response, especially given that he was not told of the plan before it was his turn to lead the floor debate.
“Everything I said is exactly true and exactly correct,” he said. “Look, if the other side wants to be the champions for taking away Americans rights without due process — I don't know what Americans are for that — but that's certainly something I'm willing to talk about. And so no, I don't have any regrets about what I said or the way it was said. If anything I might regret that I kind of pulled back.”
That lack of restraint was exactly what Democrats wanted.
Earlier in the day Tuesday, Democratic Policy and Communications Committee Chairman Steve Israel of New York said he and his colleagues were aiming to “shame Republicans into giving us a vote on stopping terrorists for buying guns in America.”
Rep. Mike Thompson, D-Calif., the sponsor of the bill with moderate Republican Peter T. King of New York, said Democrats were prepared to keep the House in session through the holiday season if the GOP did not relent.
“My sense is members of the Democratic Caucus are willing to stay here through Christmas, through New Year's, through whatever else is out there, to get something done, to make sure their constituents are a little more safe,” Thompson told reporters.
Israel and Thompson hatched the idea for this strategy last week, then brought it to Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., for her blessing.
“It took her about three seconds to say, ‘If we're gonna do this, we're gonna do this big,'” Israel said.
Ryan voiced opposition to the legislation during a CBS news interview on Dec. 3, the day after the mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif. He argued people can arbitrarily be placed on the terrorist watch list without actually ever having posed a threat.
“What we're trying to do is find out the facts and make sure that what our response is actually addresses the problems without infringing on the rights of law abiding citizens,” Ryan explained.
Thompson said Democrats would be happy to amend the bill to address the speaker's concerns.
That offer isn't likely, however, to make Republicans feel better about bringing the measure to the floor, especially now that it could be construed as caving to Democrats more than ever before.
Related:
Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call in your inbox or on your iPhone.
وجَّه الاتحاد العراقي لكرة القدم، الدعوة للثلاثي المحترف جستن ميرام، وياسر قاسم، وبروا نوري؛ للمشاركة في المباراة الودية، أمام الأردن، مطلع الشهر المقبل، التي ستقام بملعب جذع النخلة، في المدينة الرياضية بالبصرة.
وقال باسل كوركيس، المدير الاداري للمنتخب، في تصريحات، إن “الاتحاد دعا ياسر قاسم المحترف بإنجلترا، وبروا نوري المحترف بالسويد، وجستن ميرام، الذي يلعب بأمريكا من أجل المشاركة، أمام الأردن”.
وأشار كوركيس، إلى أن “المباراة، تُعدُّ تاريخية، كونها الأولى بالملاعب العراقية، بعد قرار رفع الحظر عن ملاعبنا، وبالتالي فإنها فرصة تاريخية لجميع اللاعبين”.
وعن المدرب، الذي سيقود المباراة، أوضح كوركيس، أن مجلس إدارة الاتحاد، مازال متمسك بخيار لجنة المنتخبات، أي التعاقد مع المدرب الأرجنتيني كالديرون.
وأشار إلى أن “الاتحاد ينتظر رد الحكومة لتوفير المال الخاص بعقد المدرب، من أجل إبرام الصفقة بشكل نهائي”، لافتًا إلى أن “الاتحاد هو من سيقرر من سيقود المنتخب في هذه المباراة”.
يذكر أن الأمير علي بن الحسين، سيكون على رأس الوفد الأردني، الذي سيزور البصرة، لخوض المباراة الودية.
معجب بهذه: إعجاب تحميل...
مرتبط
85total visits,1visits today
ST. LOUIS -- Blues goalie Jaroslav Halak departed Saturday night's game against the San Jose Sharks after a second-period collision with a teammate.Defenseman Barret Jackman crashed into Halak after a sliding attempt to break up a pass play to San Jose's Martin Havlat 1:07 into the second period in Game 2 of the Western Conference Quarterfinals.Halak went down, got to his knees and onto his skates without help and appeared to be staying in the game -- but then skated off on his own power to the Blues' dressing room.He was replaced by Brian Elliott After the game, Blues Coach Ken Hitchcock told the media that Halak had a lower body injury but would travel with the team to San Jose for Games 3 and 4."We'll evaluate him tomorrow, take him on the trip and see how he feels," Hitchcock said.
“We will get this done,” James Craig, Detroit's new police chief, told officers at the 10th precinct during roll call Monday.
Craig, during his first day on the job, promised officers that he would start “treating police like adults.” And he vowed to make Detroit “one of the safest major cities in America.”
“You can't have a safe city if you don't take care of the cops,” Craig said. “And I'm going to take care of the cops.”
Craig insisted his leadership style is different from what Detroit cops are used to. He styled himself as someone who champions for the rank-and-file, saying he'll hold the command staff accountable. And he promised tackle issues important to officers right away, like their current 12-hour shifts and poor equipment.
Craig says boosting morale is also crucial. And he says you do that by tackling “the small things first,” and respecting the officers.
After a brief listening session with officers at the 10th, Craig says they recognize Detroit is in a fiscal emergency.
“I didn't hear a lot of talk about money,” Craig said. “What I did hear was…we want to be able to do our jobs, we want to be able to do it safely, we want to do it better. We want to serve this community.”
Craig is a Detroit native, and the 10th was the precinct he served as an officer until 1981. After being laid off, he migrated to Los Angeles and spent 28 years with the LAPD.
Craig has since served brief stints as chief in Portland, Maine, and Cincinnati. He says he was lured back to Detroit by the chance to serve his hometown in a time of crisis. He comes with a reputation of building community support to fight crime, and strong support from rank-and-file police.
However, there is some controversy about his salary. Craig is slated to make $225,000 a year, making him the highest-paid official in the city aside from emergency manager Kevyn Orr.
Craig defended that salary on Monday, noting that “Detroit is one of the most violent cities in America” and adding: “Nobody questions the salaries of CEOs of some of the major corporations in America. We're talking about making this city safer.”
The matter of Craig's salary is set to come before the Detroit City Council Tuesday.
I originally posted this recipe earlier this year, but I didn't have time to take a picture. So here you go, revised and with picture. This recipe doesn't contain a “ton” of food storage ingredients, but it's tasty, healthy and a good way to mix it up. I found this recipe when I googled “the best thing to do with butternut squash” earlier this year on this blog. My husband hates squash (and especially pumpkin) and really liked this, so you know it's good. I made it earlier this year when my (non-vegetarian) family came to visit, and all portions were inhaled. The quesadillas without the fresh salsa are ok, but the apple salsa is what really makes this.
Squash & Bean Quesadillas
Food Storage Ingredients:
1 can (14.5 oz) beans, rinsed and drained (I used kidney)
1 teaspoon cumin
1 Tablespoon olive oil
salt and pepper to taste
Fresh Ingredients:
3 cups of cooked and peeled squash (I used pumpkin this time, but acorn and butternut also work.)
1 medium onion, chopped
2 cups (packed) spinach, chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese
12 small tortillas
Salsa
2 medium apples, diced
1 large handful cilantro, chopped
3 green onions, chopped
2 Tablespoons lemon juice
2 Tablespoons lime juice
1.Mix salsa ingredients and store in fridge. 2. Cook chopped onion & garlic in oil in a large skillet until onions are
clear. 3. Add squash & spinach. Cook for 10 minutes. 4. Stir in beans, cumin, salt and pepper. 5. Spread 1/6th of squash mixture on a tortilla. Sprinkle with cheese and cook in skillet until cheese is melted. Cover with a second tortilla, flip and cook until second tortilla is toasted. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Cut tortillas into wedges and cover with apple salsa. Serves 6.
Categories: beans, Bountiful Basket, Food Storage Friday, healthy eating, Meatless Mondays, vegetarian recipes | No Comments »
Introduction, Inside Features Wireless Features, Storage Routing Performance, Wireless Performance - more, Closing Start
Prev
1
2
3
4
5
Next
End
Introduction
Update 10/17/14 - Miscellaneous corrections from TP-LINK
TP-LINK does not operate on the bleeding edge. While others rush buggy AC2350 and AC3200 products to market, the company has yet to release its first AC1900 class router. Its latest router is the Archer C8 I'm reviewing today. The C8 is TP-LINK's second run at producing an AC1750 router (or third if you count the Archer C7 V2).
TP-LINK has classed-up the C8's packaging for higher WAF, opting for an all-white motif, save for the matte silver bracket that stands the router upright with a slight backward tilt. You can't remove this bracket—not easily at least—so wall or ceiling mounting is out.
The front panel callout diagram below explains all the backlit blue indicators that lie below a glossy clear front cover. A row of cooling exhaust slots are discreetly located at the top of the router, which has a gap between it and the bracket.
Archer C8 front panel callouts
The rear panel has only Gigabit Ethernet (with no Link / Activity lights) and USB 2.0 ports, Reset / WPS button and power switch. The USB 3.0 port is on the right side panel aside a wireless on / off switch. Most of the back cover is perforated for cooling.
Archer C8 rear panel callouts
Inside
Update 10/17/14 - Component corrections
The C8 has a completely different design than the Archer C7. It's a fairly standard second generation Broadcom design based around a BCM4709 BCM4708 CPU. The board shot taken from the FCC ID docs shows three RP-SMA connectors for three external dual-band dipole antennas—no 2.4 GHz antennas squirreled away inside this time.
TP-LINK Archer C8 board with heatsink
A single large heatsink spans across two RF "cans" and is coupled via thermal pads to the can lids that are in turn coupled to the CPU and two wireless devices via more thermal pads. There are detail shots of this in the gallery later on. The board closeup with heatsink and can top removed is too fuzzy for component ID, but clear enough so that you can see the key component layout.
TP-LINK Archer C8 board with w/o heatsink
The overall design reminds me a lot of the ASUS RT-AC68U, albeit a bit more compact.
ASUS RT-AC68U board top
I know I'm far from the first person to write on the queer subtext of this film, but I wrote an article about my opinions for Irish magazine Nós, and my non-Irish-speaking friends wanted a translation.
So here is my reading of Fantastic Beasts.
*Spoiler alert!*
The Secret world
At the centre of the story are four characters, three who have magic and one no-maj. (You can figure out what that means for yourself.)
The no-maj Jacob is our eyes and ears for the film, and he spends most of it in state of awe and wonder as he takes in the wondrous magical world that has secretly always been there, a world filled with interesting, beautiful creatures, most of whom are extremely well dressed. It's a neat comparison.
Jacob spends most of the film making faces like this:
And this:
By the way, Newt Scamander carries his Fantastic Beasts (Fabulous Beasts more like, amirite?) in a suitcase. Tell me this, what is a suitcase other than a portable closet?
At one point the no-maj Jacob literally jumps feet first into the suitcase (read: closet, read: queer world).
Jacob is enthralled by the variety of magical creatures he encounters, big and small, scaly and feathery. Scamander tells him that the creatures have been hunted and are in danger of extinction, although none of them actually pose a threat. Hmm…
Anyone who has ever had the opportunity to witness a straight person going to a gay bar or attending a drag show for the first time will surely recognise Jacob's reaction:
The Obscurius
A central part of the plot is the obscurius – a dark force that is causing death and destruction in New York City.
This dark force comes about when a young witch or wizard makes efforts to suppress their powers. Their magical powers don't go away, instead a parasitic creature called an obscurius forms within them. (It is literally represented by a dark cloud, hello mental health metaphor!)
The obscurius causes damage to people around it and to the host, often causing death. I probably don't need to labour the point here too much, I'd imagine that anyone who has spent time denying or hiding their identity (sexual or otherwise) finds the idea of the obscurius easy to relate to.
Credence and Graves
Behold the orphan Credence (played by the absolute babe Ezra Miller, who you can tell is a next-level babe because he looks good even while sporting that haircut):
Credence is struggling with the interest that he has in “magic” (read: being queer).
So Credence lives in an orphanage and the woman in charge is a “Second Salemer” (literally wants a second Salem witch hunt). She's against magic because it's bad and unnatural (heard that about anything else?) so she adopts orphans to try indoctrinate them against magic.
Despite her efforts, Credence is still interested in getting involved in the magical world. His point of contact is an auror called Graves (played by Colin Farrell, who could resist?) who meets with Credence because he thinks that the obscurius is from a child in the orphanage.
Their relationship is extremely homo-erotic. They meet in dark lanes and whisper sweet nothings into each others ears, then embrace, with the uncertain Credence allowing the older Graves to take the lead.
Oh and they gaze at each other like this:
Of course I'm not alone in noticing the glaring homoeroticism of their relationship, and there are already many videos on YouTube made by people who ship this couple.
Dumbledore and Grindelwald
Those who have read and re-read Harry Potter know well that there is a long and complicated story between Dumbledore and Grindelwald (played by a puffy Johnny Depp, below).
Diligent fans will also know that in 2007 Rowling confirmed Dumbledore's sexuality as gay, and in an interview a few years later she said that Dumbledore had unrequited love for Grindelwald.
Ok, so nothing actually happens between the pair in this film, but the subtext is there and remember, this is only the first film of five.
The Guardian has stressed that care must be taken in future films in the series to ensure that Dumbledore is not painted as a token gay character, and that concern is echoed in many places, with many calls being made that his relationship with Grindelwald not glossed over.
So there you have it…
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, the gayest blockbuster I've ever seen. I don't think I've stretched the truth in my readings of the film.
Of course, this is just one reading of the film. LGBT groups are not the only minority that are persecuted and there are other readings of the film that are equally valid.
And as one Huffington post writer points out, given the political climate in the US right now, a film that discusses social oppression could not come at a better time.
Whether you agree or disagree with the above, I'd be very interested in hearing your opinion! @MiseCiara.
Finally, here's a gratuitous picture of the immaculately turned out Seraphina Picquery, President of the Magical congress of the United States.
Advertisements
Since it first released as part of The Orange Box back in 2007, Team Fortress 2 has remained a regular staple of Valve's multiplayer library. The class-based shooter has grown in a number of ways over the past seven years, but it's also proven to be one of the most influential games of this entire gaming generation.
Today, we look back at some of TF2's biggest milestones and how they changed Valve's shooter and also gaming, in general.
Meet the Mercs (July 19, 2006)
Fans of Team Fortress Classic were left stunned at 2006's EA Summer Showcase when Valve showed the first teaser for what would eventually become Team Fortress 2. The first game's familiar Counter Strike-like aesthetic had been tossed aside in favor of something noticeably more cartoonish.
The reception was mixed, with loyal fans unsure of what to make of the design overhaul. Little did they know what Valve would unleash in the next year.
The War Begins (October 10, 2007)
Valve released The Orange Box in October 2007 and it would prove to be one of the company's biggest releases ever. While it started a stagnation of the Half-Life franchise that continues to this day, it also kicked off two of the most beloved franchises of the last ten years: Portal and Team Fortress 2, the latter of which stepped out of the shadow of its predecessor and became a juggernaut all its own.
With only six maps initially released, players would select between the Heavy, Medic, Demoman, Engineer, Sniper, Pyro, Scout, Soldier, and Spy and do battle in various objective-based game modes. It featured some memorable map layouts, such as the now-iconic 2Fort, and some novel new features, like the Nemesis system.
But Team Fortress 2 rapidly became known for its Source-based animation style that would take expressive character models that would normally be reserved for cinematics and cutscenes and actually insert them into full-blown deathmatches. It was unlike anything seen to that point and this injected personality would be a major factor into why TF2 persists as a major force in gaming seven years later.
Vanilla, no more (April 29, 2008)
Roughly six months after The Orange Box first released, Team Fortress 2 unveiled its first major content update. In addition to adding a new game mode called Payload (in which the mercs must escort a bomb to its target) and a new map called Gold Rush, the Medic received a whole new batch of weapons. This began TF2's individual class updates and formally mark an end to vanilla TF2 on PC.
The Medic's new weapons included the Blutsauger, the Kritzkrieg (replacing uber charges with crit charges), and the Ubersaw. All the weapons would feature buffs and drawbacks, offer a small taste of what would come in the future. Over the course of the next couple of years, all of TF2's classes would receive similar updates with weapons of their own. It would add a whole new degree of variety to Valve's shooter.
A Golden April Fools' Day (April 1, 2009)
Shortly after the release of the Meet the Sniper video, Valve decided to toss in a cheeky reference as a fun April Fools' Day prank. Pointing to the number of urine-filled jars the Sniper fills up during the video, Valve jokingly introduced Jarate, the jar-based karate! The idea was that the Sniper would toss these jars of yellow liquid at his opponents, covering them in odorous humiliation. It was quite a funny joke for the folks at Valve.
TF2's player base didn't consider it so much a joke. In fact, they quickly started rumbling for the Jarate reveal to be real.
Valve was clearly caught off-guard by this bizarre demand for urinary weaponry, but the developer quickly pulled itself together. On May 21, 2009, Jarate was officially released as part of the Sniper vs. Spy Update. Not only did it fulfill the fanbase's 'number one' desire, but it also added mini-crits to the game for the first time.
This would mark one of the earliest instances of an April Fools update starting out as a joke, but quickly coming to pass. It's an idea that other game developers would adopt, with Bohemia Interactive's Arma 3 'Karts' DLC being the most recent example. The ball first got rolling with the Sniper's Jarate, but that wouldn't be the only thing Valve would introduce on this day in May.
Nice hat! (May 21, 2009)
In addition to new Sniper and Spy weapons, the Sniper vs. Spy Update brought a little something extra to Team Fortress 2. Valve concluded that while blowing up opponents is fun, blowing up opponents while wearing a cool hat would be even more fun. With that, hats were introduced for the first time.
The first batch of hats included the Batter's Helmet (Scout), Soldier's Stash (Soldier), Pyro's Beanie (Pyro), Demoman's Fro (Demoman), Football Helmet (Heavy), Mining Light (Engineer), Prussian Pickelhaube (Medic), Trophy Belt (Sniper), and Fancy Fedora (Spy). It would be far from the last one, because the cosmetic add-ons proved to be a major hit. In the five years since hats were introduced, over 500 cosmetic items have been added to Team Fortress 2, with more still on the way. It opened the door to a bustling trade market, with trading also making its debut on this day.
Valve later got the ball rolling on promotional hats by adding Bill's Hat from Left 4 Dead on November 9, 2012. It would be a promotional tactic that a number of future game releases would adopt, with TF2 players able to pick up special hats from games like BioShock Infinite, Sleeping Dogs, Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Killing Floor, Poker Night, and many more.
A genie had been unleashed and it's one that cannot be put back in its bottle, as Valve had officially kicked off the age of cosmetic DLC. Numerous publishers and developers would adopt this model, offering cosmetic knick-knacks for a small fee in what would eventually become the modern day free-to-play business model. As for TF2, with demand for hats growing by the day, Valve would soon need to figure out a way to satisfy the cry for more hats. A temporary solution would be provided later that year.
Boo! (October 29, 2009)
2009 would be the year that Valve got into the Halloween spirit with Team Fortress 2. This would be the first year that the mercs would celebrate the occasion with special Halloween-themed maps that would only be active for a limited time.
The festivities kicked off with the Terrifying Team Fortress Haunted Hallowe'en Special, which opened up a special King of the Hill map called Harvest. The idea would be to capture and hold a central control point, but there would be some Halloween-themed obstacles placed throughout the map. Pumpkins would explode on contact and cause severe damage to anyone in their vicinity. Ghosts would also haunt the map, scaring surrounding victims into briefly putting down their weapons in fear. It was a fun variant of the traditional TF2 gameplay and one that caught on with fans quickly.
The Halloween updates grew so popular that they would return as an annual event. Valve would have new tricks and treats to trot out each year, including new hats, masks, and even stage bosses. Other games quickly began to follow suit with their own Halloween and Christmas-themed events, but few can hold a candle to Valve's annual party favors. Even those that have gradually drifted from TF2 will schedule time to come back for one more crack at the Halloween maps, not wanting to miss the holiday tradition.
Getting Crafty (December 17, 2009)
Team Fortress 2 was dangerously close to becoming a game of "haves and have-nots." It wasn't just hats that was the issue, but many players had played hundreds of hours without receiving the weapon drop they were looking for. Since trade servers weren't proving of much use to these people, either, Valve needed a solution. So they came up with a new crafting system.
The WAR! Update introduced special metals that could be created with excess weapons and items that were no longer being used. Aside from offering a formal sense of currency (with items measured in terms of Refined Metal), this system allowed unlucky users to put together all of their useless junk and craft the specific weapon they were looking for through unique recipes. Hats could similarly be crafted through this system, though they'd always be crafted at random. So even if a player had dozens of Refined Metals, there was no guaranteeing the result would be anything other than multiple repeats.
The system wasn't perfect, but it was certainly a good place to start. And Valve's crafting would prove to be a major influence on future game developers that would adopt similar principles for their own crafting systems.
Stick around later today as we look through the rest of Team Fortress 2's big milestones, including its jump to free-to-play, its booming economy, and its contribution to the world of machinima.
So much amazing is happening, and the Shootaround crew is here to help you keep track of it all. You'll find takes on moments you might've missed from the previous night, along with ones you will remember forever.
Mr. Wednesday Night
Nathaniel S. Butler/NBAE via Getty Images
Jason Concepcion: The meticulously designed ball movement. The egalitarian offense. The progressive-minded coach plucked from the vaunted, fertile, and long-lived Popovichea Spursentalis species of coaching tree. The multitalented veterans. The historically great shooter who is more than just a shooter and who runs underwater while holding a stone as part of an ancient Japanese purification ritual. The bespoke, hands-on player development regime. The beautiful do-it-the-right-way craftsmanship that has made the Atlanta Hawks the de rigueur choice for the discerning NBA fan. In his absurd Game 1 performance in the Eastern Conference finals, J.R. Smith took all of those things, chopped them up, rolled them in the numerous multithousand-word articles written about the Hawks this past season, and smoked them straight to his head. More 2015 NBA Playoffs Check out all of our postseason coverage!
After the game, J.R. insisted that he was trying “to take good shots.” Which is sound strategy. Using ball and player movement to find high-percentage shots is crucial for success in the modern NBA. It's also not really an accurate assessment of what J.R. did in Game 1 or, for that matter, Game Any Ever. In the second quarter, he took and swished an off-the-dribble 3 while being doubled by Kyle Korver and Mike Muscala. In the third, he went between the legs, then stepped back to the corner 3, launching over Kent Bazemore. He scored 28 points, grabbed eight rebounds, and set the Cavs' playoff franchise record for made 3s with eight — four more than the entire Hawks team. Immortality: achieved.
And this is the beauty of Smith's game: He has that often maddening, sometimes solid, and occasionally transcendent vibe of the guy in college who partied all the time, studied only rarely, and somehow managed to bluff and blunder his way to a 2.75 GPA while having more fun than anyone else. This is the dude you had to stop hanging out with because you realized you were accruing more than 20 years of student loan debt to learn how to make bongs out of PVC pipe.
Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer might want to think about asking 2 Chainz to show J.R. Smith a good time in Atlanta this week.
J.R. Smith's Shot Chart
Amazing Happens
Watch Kyle Make a Business Decision
Andrew Sharp: From Jeff Pearlman's book on the '90s Cowboys:
“One time a running back ran a sweep toward him, and Deion dove half-hearted into the turf,” says Case. “We're watching film the next day, razzing him pretty good. As serious as could be, he said, ‘I saw that dude coming and I had to make a business decision.'”
That's what happened in Atlanta on Wednesday night. You can make fun of Kyle Korver all you want. It's a free country. Do your worst.
Korver saw Bron coming and was like pic.twitter.com/jclu27E3uY — Speed Chronology (@FastTimesAtRF) May 21, 2015
Dig up the old pictures.
David Sherman/NBAE via Getty Images
But be honest here: Would you have done anything different?
Business > defense.
Heartbreak City
Mike Zarrilli/Getty Images
Danny Chau: In a season that can be seen as one big plateau in the shadows of an Everest peak, there is one motif that has withstood the highs and lows of the Hawks' delightfully unexpected campaign: The unheralded will receive the shine they deserve. So it's fitting that Atlanta's leading scorer in the playoffs has been the only player in their starting lineup not named an All-Star. DeMarre Carroll has been a legitimate revelation in this postseason, elevating his consummate role-player consistency into something worth celebrating as quasi-stardom. It makes this apparent noncontact left-knee injury, suffered late last night in Game 1, that much more difficult to accept.
Assuming Carroll misses at least Game 2, the Hawks' wing rotation consists of Kent Bazemore, who Bazed his heart out last night filling in for Carroll, and … John Jenkins? Paul Millsap in spot minutes? The Ghost of Mike Scott Past? It's not pretty. Carroll was arguably one of the five best perimeter defenders in the league this season, which, in the wake of Thabo Sefolosha's broken leg, is not something the Hawks can replace. But, again, Carroll has been the Hawks' leading postseason scorer. And he does it in ways that are equally irreplaceable.
He is a modern wing, through and through, but there are quirks. At a base level, he is prototypical: 89 percent of Carroll's field goal attempts come either from 8 feet in or from behind the 3-point line. He's fifth in field goal percentage (71.9) around the rim in these playoffs among players who attempt at least four of those shots a game, though if you erase some of the noise by eliminating players who had first-round exits, he trails only his teammate Al Horford and DeAndre Jordan. You would never call Carroll a creator in conversation, but he is — imperceptibly. Admirers have called him the Junkyard Dog since his days at Mizzou, and the compulsion of creating your own luck has never left his game. His attempts at the rim are always the result of being at the right place at the right time, and it's never a coincidence. Entering last night's game, Carroll was tied with Horford for sixth among all playoff players in putback attempts made. He was the only player in the top 10 under 6-foot-9. Oh, right: He's also shooting the 3-ball at a 43 percent clip on nearly five attempts a game.
So if you're wondering why Hawks fans are utterly crestfallen, it's because they know what kind of player they may have lost. I've always appreciated DeMarre's hairstyle. Not only is he one of the few remaining players in the league with braids, but the style in which they are done has always intrigued me. From the back, their form resembles a cornucopia. The symbolism is unintentional, but it isn't lost upon me: The other four starters may take in more of the limelight, but he is the one who ensures that the lineup shines as a whole; he is their horn of plenty.
Bully Ball
Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
Sharp: I can't get over this Cavs season. We've seen at least four different versions of this team, and what we're seeing now is 180 degrees from where we started. Remember the team that was supposed to give us one of the best offenses ever? Good. Forget that team until next November. Timofey Mozgov and Tristan Thompson are here to rebound you to death.
This might be the only time offensive rebounding has ever gotten a mention in a Shootaround, and it's happening only because that's how badly the Hawks were dominated on the glass last night. It was like that two-shots-for-five-bucks carnival game. If you don't make it, Tristan Thompson will tap it over Al Horford's head and you get another chance. Not a bad deal!
The Hawks were always going to be vulnerable on the glass, but Cleveland is perfectly positioned to exploit it. It's what kept the game close during the first half. Thompson has turned into one of the best rebounders in the league, and Mozgov is nearly as tough to deal with down low. It's amazing. Even without Love, even with half a Kyrie, the Cavs can still overpower people. Imagine walking up to someone last November and telling them that the Cavs could ride Tristan Thompson and Timofey Mozgov to the NBA Finals. What?
Oh, and speaking of overpowering people: This is also the only Shootaround that will ever mention LeBron last, but crazy things happen when you party with J.R. and Mozgov. LeBron bullied people all night, taking DeMarre Carroll into the post and either scoring at will or hitting guys for open looks. It was the “After” photo in his “Why I Developed a Post Game” infomercial.
There was a brief stretch at the end when he got lost in isos and Paul Millsap slowed him down, but then came that dunk that scared Korver out to half court. That ended it. Afterward, he showed off his nitrogen chamber to TNT cameras. It basically freezes his skin at 230 degrees below Fahrenheit?
LeBron had 31, 8, and 6.
The nitrogren chamber's working.
BUSINESS , MARIJUANA LAW New Cannabis Business Laws & Taxes You Need To Know
On January, 1st 2018, the curtains will pull back to include a whole new world for California; recreational use of marijuana. We've touched upon Measure M and for the entrepreneurs salivating at a chance to strike gold in Californias Cannabis Industry, there are some regulations that you will need to be wary of, fortunately, it's not all dreary. First, I will outline how to begin the initial set up for your business and the taxes you should be aware of as you enter the Cannabis Industry. At the conclusion of this article, I have a few tips to save you money on the back-end.
The Adult Use of Marijuana Act is a great step forward, but with over 60 Pages of Rhetoric, anyone who wants to pursue a business in cannabis might have overlooked a few detrimental clauses and Taxes which can quickly put you out of the game.
Let's start off with some good news.
Starting in 2018, The Board of Equalization will be requiring all cannabis businesses to legally file their business, which makes life a lot simpler for public distribution. Here is what you'll need to do to start/legitimize your Cannabis Business:
6 different Licenses you can obtain in the industry File for a Business License: There areyou can obtain in the industry Cultivation Manufacturers Testing Facility Retailer Distributor Microbusiness
Proposed Regulations solely for Marijuana Cultivation. In the document, there are price ranges for application fees, which max out at $4,260 for a Medium Indoor location. More licensing fees and regulations will be set later within the year. Follow Cannabis.gov for up-to-date info on hearings. You must be over 21 and have continuous California Residency since January, 1st 2015. At the time of this article, there weresolely for Marijuana Cultivation. In the document, there are price ranges for application fees, which max out at $4,260 for a Medium Indoor location. More licensing fees and regulations will be set later within the year. Follow Cannabis.gov for up-to-date info on hearings.
File for a Sellers Permit: They don't even care about the specifics, they just want your tax money. Once you do this you are now a legal entity and can feel comfortable dishing out those flashy business cards of yours. Remember, now that you're a legal business, Sales Tax is due every quarter.
heavy fines and possible imprisonment for not having the right records. Record all inventory and sales for tax purposes. Now that this is legal, you NEED to keep a record of everything! Make sure you're selling in your licensed establishment only and have all sales in the books. Expect at the very least to have an attentive eye on all your paperwork. There arefor not having the right records.
All the necessary forms for Cannabis can be found on the BOE Website.
Now, here's the drawback. The taxes implemented for running a cannabis business can be hefty. Here's a list of the major taxes to keep in mind when starting your Cannabis Business:
15% Excise tax on the gross total. This will be enforced for every retail sale. Make sure to mark up your items so you aren't hit with a huge blow every quarter. Excise Tax: No matter whether it's recreational or medical, there is aon the gross total. This will be enforced for every retail sale. Make sure to mark up your items so you aren't hit with a huge blow every quarter.
Cultivation Tax: For growers, here are the big hits you'll have when selling your product to dispensaries. Adjust your prices accordingly. $9.25 per dry-weight ounce of Marijuana Flowers $2.75 per dry-weight ounce of Marijuana Leaves
Sales Tax: Yes, you still have to pay sales tax too. On top of the 15% Excise, the normal state Sales Tax of 8.5% will be enforced as well. Either add the tax on during the sale, or you can have the Sales Tax included already in the price. BE AWARE though, that you must post a sign stating the Sales Tax is included in the price. If you don't, then you'll have to pay the tax on the Total Sale.
Use Tax: More things to consider as a legal business. If you buy a product from a company for Resale, make sure you have a resale receipt. Without this, you are subject to a Use Tax on the assumption that you have consumed the product.
I'm sure if you're like me, that last part was tough to swallow. And for the consumers, get ready for a possible increase in cost for your nugs. But let's finish on a good note. From the research, there is a silver lining that can save you some money come tax season. You just need to make sure the guy or gal doing your books is premium grade.
There's a clause in the law that will negate you from having to pay sales and use tax. As long as the customer buying the product has their medical card and ID, any sale of cannabis, concentrate, products or topicals for medical use is Non-Taxable. Something to definitely keep in mind.
When running a business, there is a multitude of costs that most people are unaware of. It makes life a bit difficult and can put a damper on how awesome it is to pursue a dream. Taxes are some of the most expensive and detrimental costs that can blindside you, don't let that happen to you. We are only halfway through this year and there are still a lot of hearings, regulations and potential taxes that haven't been set yet. If you're ready to make that jump into a cannabis business, make sure you've studied up so you are prepared for the changes to come and prosperity to follow! Stay Tuned as we will have more Cannabis Industry News updates as we continue to examine the fine print.
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
The Supreme Court will hear a case next term challenging Ohio's policy of removing inactive voters from the registration rolls.
The justices agreed Tuesday to take the case, known as Husted v. A. Philip Randolph Institute.
The A. Philip Randolph Institute, an organization for African-American trade unionists, the Northeast Ohio Coalition for the Homeless and Ohio resident Larry Harmon claim the state is violating the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 and the Help America Vote Act of 2002 by removing the names of registered voters from Ohio's voter rolls.
ADVERTISEMENT
The voters' names are removed through the state's so-called "Supplemental Process." Under the process, if a voter does not vote during a two-year period — a single election cycle — that triggers a change-of-address confirmation. The voter is removed from the list unless they take an action to confirm their status in a subsequent four-year period.
Under the process, “voter activity” includes filing a change of address with a designated state agency, filing a voter registration card with the Board of Elections, casting an absentee ballot, casting a provisional ballot, or voting on election day.
The district court denied the plaintiff's request for an injunction requiring Secretary of State Jon Husted (R) to either reinstate otherwise eligible voters who were improperly removed from the rolls under the Supplemental Process, or to count provisional ballots cast by such persons.
The 6th Circuit Court of Appeals reversed that decision and remanded the case for further proceedings.
Husted, who is appealing the lower court ruling, announced in early May that he's running for the Republican nomination for governor in 2018, the Dayton Daily News reported.
Three guys from Utah have set out to drive through the contiguous 48 states in record time. Starting out Sunday in Vermont, they're already in Wyoming on the way to North Dakota with the goal of getting home to Utah, via nine more states, by Friday. The time to beat is 5 days, 7 hours and 15 minutes. Joey Stocking, Adam Gatherum and Josh Keeler think they can do it in three hours less.
We were tempted to mock these guys with a headline something along the lines of "Utahns Meet World," but it turns out this is actually pretty cool. Their route was originally drawn up by Josh's dad 15 years ago, who was forced to abandon his dream due to a death in the family. The three friends have since updated it with the help of Google Earth. To make the record time they're driving straight through, alternating naps in the back seat of their Scion xB with turns driving and navigating. The Guinness World Record committee wouldn't sanction their attempt for fear of sanctioning dangerous driving, so if Josh, Adam and Joey are successful, all they'll get is the satisfaction of having done it. [The Great American Road Trip via NPR]
Thanks to Nate for the tip.
Manchester City may have made striker Kelechi Iheanacho available for transfer this summer, but the 20-year-old will not be leaving on the cheap.
West Ham are known to be very keen on snapping up the Nigerian international, while Leicester's odds on signing him have crashed in recent days, making them the odds-on favourites at the bookies.
The Hammers remain seriously interest according to the well-informed Hugh Southton of Claret & Hugh, who reveals that City are asking for a minimum fee of £25 million for Kelechi as they look to offset a planned spend of around £300 million this summer.
West Ham have also shown interest in Chelsea's Michy Batshuayi but at this stage Iheanacho is seen as a more likely arrival, with chiefs from the London club ready to enter serious talks with Man City bosses about signing the player.
City are in a strong negotiating position with Kelechi having signed a long-term deal until 2021 last year and not particularly wanting to quit the club. With that in mind, the Blues will try to extract the biggest fee possible and it could go beyond £25 million for a player who was imported from the Taye Academy for just £250,000.
Get your Manchester City 2017/18 home kit online now!
GATECREEPER Sign To Relapse; Prepare New Album
Photo credit: Hayley Rippy
Relapse Records is excited to announce the signing of Arizona's death metal newcomers GATECREEPER. Formed in mid-2013 based on their mutual love for bands like Dismember, Entombed, Bolt Thrower and Obituary, GATECREEPER play monstrous, low-end, old-school death metal for a new generation.
The band recently completed their debut full-length entitled Sonoran Depravation, which will see its release via Relapse this fall. The album was recorded at Homewrecker Studios in Tucson, Arizona by Ryan Bram and mixed by Kurt Ballou at Godcity Studios.
GATECREEPER commented on the signing and their new album:
“We are very excited to be working with Relapse, a label that we have all been following for many years. It is a dream come true to release our first full-length on such a legendary and trustworthy label.”
GATECREEPER have previously released a self-titled EP (2014) and a split with Take Over and Destroy (2015) in addition to a split with Young and In The Way and a four way split with Homewrecker, Outer Heaven and Scorched earlier this year. All of their titles are available for streaming via Bandcamp HERE. Watch their previously released music videos for “Poisoned Mind” and “Force Fed” below:
Stay tuned for more info on Gatecreeper and check out a list of upcoming tour dates below.
Gatecreeper Live:
July 17 Tucson, AZ Club Congress w/ Dragged Into Sunlight, Primitive Man and Cult Leader
July 19 Phoenix, AZ Masters Chambers w/ Undergang, Spectral Voice, and Freedom
Oct 29 Mesa, AZ Within These Walls Fest w/ American Nightmare, Judge, Tony Molina, etc.
Info/Bio:
GATECREEPER was formed in September of 2013 with members originating from both Tucson and Phoenix, Arizona. Bonded together over a mutual love of old-school death metal, GATECREEPER set out to write classic yet memorable songs for a new generation. The band recorded and released a self-titled 4 song EP digitally in April of 2014 which quickly garnered the attention of Pitchfork, CVLT Nation, and other notable music blogs. A music video for the song “Force Fed” was premiered on Invisible Oranges and the EP was soon released on 12” vinyl by King Of The Monsters and Protagonist Music in October of 2014. This short but satisfying release gained the band a large following of fans from both the hardcore and metal communities.
2015 saw GATECREEPER embark on their first tour of the West Coast, soon followed by the release of a split 7” with fellow Arizonans Take Over And Destroy. The song “Poisoned Mind” continued to propel GATECREEPER, who Noisey called the “one of the genre's fresher, younger voices,” further into the spotlight. The band spent the second half of 2015 touring the East Coast, cultivating their rapidly growing local and national following, and recording more new material to be released on several different split releases throughout early 2016.
After returning from another West Coast tour, this time with Colorado's Of Feather and Bone, GATECREEPER returned to Homewrecker Studios to record their debut full-length album with Ryan Bram in Tucson, Arizona. Sonoran Depravation was mixed by Kurt Ballou (Converge, Nails, Black Breath) and mastered by Brad Boatright (Obituary, Sleep, Magrudergrind), both of whom are known for their unparalleled work in the extreme metal world. The resulting record, a 9-song offering of monstrous death metal, is without a doubt GATECREEPER's finest work yet.
Gatecreeper are:
Sean Mears – Bass
Metal Matt – Drums
Eric Wagner – Guitars
Chase H. Mason – Vocals
Nate Garrett – Guitars
Official links:
Gatecreeper on Facebook
Gatecreeper on Bandcamp
Gatecreeper on Tumblr
Gatecreeper on Twitter
Gatecreeper on Instagram
SOUTH KOREA 179 professors indicted in research publishing scam Tweet
The professors have been charged with republishing existing textbooks written by others under their own names by modifying the covers with the alleged connivance of the publishing companies.
According to the Prosecutors' Office which conducted an extensive criminal investigation, this is the first time university professors have faced criminal charges for copyright violations using ‘cover-swapping' tricks. It is also the first time so many professors have been indicted in a single investigation.
The unprecedented scale of violations has severely shaken the academic community and could have wider repercussions on public trust in academia, validity of research, and the global ranking of South Korean universities.
Some 74 professors were indicted without detention and 105 were summarily indicted or subject to fines without a formal hearing, according to the documents issued on 14 December by the fifth criminal department of Uijeongbu District Prosecutors' Office.
Some 82 fake authors and 23 authors who cooperated in the process were summarily indicted with fines ranging from KRW3 million (US$2,540) to KRW10 million (US$8,500). This will seriously affect their academic careers – universities have policies against rehiring professors who have been fined 3 million won or more. Most of those indicted will also be subjected to disciplinary measures by the universities.
“As this is the first time that cover-swapping has been exposed and as the (education) ministry declared its intention to take stern action against copyright violations, universities will be unable to overlook the professors' offences. Universities should consider this a chance to reinforce research ethics,” said a professor from one private university.
University action
According to the investigation by the prosecution, the main motivation of the indicted professors was to exaggerate research performance before an assessment for university reappointment.
On Tuesday 15 December the Ministry of Education declared it will demand strong action by the universities. Once the ministry receives the list of indicted professors it will call for cancellation of research achievements, disciplinary measures and exclusions from rehiring, ministry officials said.
Such ‘cover-swapping' can be treated as scientific misconduct, according to the government's ‘Guideline to establish research ethics' revised in November, the ministry said.
If the indicted professors receive prison sentences in the court trials expected to begin in January, they will go into ipso facto retirement.
Under Korea's copyright protection laws, copyright infringement cases can result in a sentence of up to five years' imprisonment and up to 50 million won in fines.
The Prosecutors' Office announced it will hand the list of indicted professors to their respective universities. They also plan to expand their investigations by setting a special team dealing specifically with illegal activities related to research.
According to the prosecution documents, some 56 professors who submitted the titles of the cover-swapped books as part of their publishing record under their research achievements have been indicted without detention for copyright violations and for obstruction of business or justice.
Some 13 others who published more than two books as fake authors, four who had submitted the titles under their publishing record but withdrew the submission after the investigation, and one who had published a book as a fake author and also allowed others to do the same with his own book, were indicted without detention for copyright violations.
The indictments of three professors currently on overseas training programmes were deferred, while another 32 professors who had been summoned by the prosecution were not indicted.
Publishers
Five executives and staff from four publishing companies were indicted without detention for copyright violations. One of the companies republished 23 books for five years using ‘cover-swapping' tricks.
Some 38 books from four publishing companies were exposed as ‘cover-swapped'. They were all science and engineering texts.
According to prosecutors, these books are published only in limited numbers and are exclusively sold in university bookstores, unlike major humanities or social studies textbooks, which can easily be found in general book stores.
According to reports, publishers know students will buy books by their own professors so issuing the same books under the name of other professors increases their sales. The original authors are believed to have complied in order to improve their relationship with their publishers and secure publishing deals for hard to publish future science and engineering texts.
“Original authors connived in the crime in order to make contracts with publishing companies and get more royalties by selling more books. Fake authors have done it to get more research achievements. And companies could sell unpopular major books in stock,” the Prosecutors' Office said.
“The companies also had intentions to threaten the professors who were involved in the crime so that they would not publish books with other companies. This is why the incident took place," the prosecution added.
According to the Prosecutors' Office, ‘cover-swapping' has been known within the publishing industry since the 1980s, but such crimes had not been exposed until now, protected by the intertwined interests of original authors, fake authors and publishing companies.
In November, the Prosecutor's Office summoned 211 professors and five executives and staff from the companies for investigation. The investigation found that 182 professors, including eight former professors, at 110 universities – 44 public universities and 138 private universities – were involved in the scam.
The Prosecutors' Office has said it will discuss measures to intensify research ethics regulations with the Ministry of Education.
Receive UWN's free weekly e-newsletters In an unprecedented crackdown on academic misconduct, as many as 179 university professors from some 110 universities in South Korea were indicted on Monday after an extensive criminal investigation into a huge copyright scam.The professors have been charged with republishing existing textbooks written by others under their own names by modifying the covers with the alleged connivance of the publishing companies.According to the Prosecutors' Office which conducted an extensive criminal investigation, this is the first time university professors have faced criminal charges for copyright violations using ‘cover-swapping' tricks. It is also the first time so many professors have been indicted in a single investigation.The unprecedented scale of violations has severely shaken the academic community and could have wider repercussions on public trust in academia, validity of research, and the global ranking of South Korean universities.Some 74 professors were indicted without detention and 105 were summarily indicted or subject to fines without a formal hearing, according to the documents issued on 14 December by the fifth criminal department of Uijeongbu District Prosecutors' Office.Some 82 fake authors and 23 authors who cooperated in the process were summarily indicted with fines ranging from KRW3 million (US$2,540) to KRW10 million (US$8,500). This will seriously affect their academic careers – universities have policies against rehiring professors who have been fined 3 million won or more. Most of those indicted will also be subjected to disciplinary measures by the universities.“As this is the first time that cover-swapping has been exposed and as the (education) ministry declared its intention to take stern action against copyright violations, universities will be unable to overlook the professors' offences. Universities should consider this a chance to reinforce research ethics,” said a professor from one private university.According to the investigation by the prosecution, the main motivation of the indicted professors was to exaggerate research performance before an assessment for university reappointment.On Tuesday 15 December the Ministry of Education declared it will demand strong action by the universities. Once the ministry receives the list of indicted professors it will call for cancellation of research achievements, disciplinary measures and exclusions from rehiring, ministry officials said.Such ‘cover-swapping' can be treated as scientific misconduct, according to the government's ‘Guideline to establish research ethics' revised in November, the ministry said.If the indicted professors receive prison sentences in the court trials expected to begin in January, they will go into ipso facto retirement.Under Korea's copyright protection laws, copyright infringement cases can result in a sentence of up to five years' imprisonment and up to 50 million won in fines.The Prosecutors' Office announced it will hand the list of indicted professors to their respective universities. They also plan to expand their investigations by setting a special team dealing specifically with illegal activities related to research.According to the prosecution documents, some 56 professors who submitted the titles of the cover-swapped books as part of their publishing record under their research achievements have been indicted without detention for copyright violations and for obstruction of business or justice.Some 13 others who published more than two books as fake authors, four who had submitted the titles under their publishing record but withdrew the submission after the investigation, and one who had published a book as a fake author and also allowed others to do the same with his own book, were indicted without detention for copyright violations.The indictments of three professors currently on overseas training programmes were deferred, while another 32 professors who had been summoned by the prosecution were not indicted.Five executives and staff from four publishing companies were indicted without detention for copyright violations. One of the companies republished 23 books for five years using ‘cover-swapping' tricks.Some 38 books from four publishing companies were exposed as ‘cover-swapped'. They were all science and engineering texts.According to prosecutors, these books are published only in limited numbers and are exclusively sold in university bookstores, unlike major humanities or social studies textbooks, which can easily be found in general book stores.According to reports, publishers know students will buy books by their own professors so issuing the same books under the name of other professors increases their sales. The original authors are believed to have complied in order to improve their relationship with their publishers and secure publishing deals for hard to publish future science and engineering texts.“Original authors connived in the crime in order to make contracts with publishing companies and get more royalties by selling more books. Fake authors have done it to get more research achievements. And companies could sell unpopular major books in stock,” the Prosecutors' Office said.“The companies also had intentions to threaten the professors who were involved in the crime so that they would not publish books with other companies. This is why the incident took place," the prosecution added.According to the Prosecutors' Office, ‘cover-swapping' has been known within the publishing industry since the 1980s, but such crimes had not been exposed until now, protected by the intertwined interests of original authors, fake authors and publishing companies.In November, the Prosecutor's Office summoned 211 professors and five executives and staff from the companies for investigation. The investigation found that 182 professors, including eight former professors, at 110 universities – 44 public universities and 138 private universities – were involved in the scam.The Prosecutors' Office has said it will discuss measures to intensify research ethics regulations with the Ministry of Education.
2014 Nationals Seeding Predictions: Mixed Division
Seeding Mixed is a challenge this year -- what do you think of these predictions?
Here are Ultiworld's seeding predictions (and associated pools) for the Mixed Division at the 2014 USA Ultimate National Championships:
Pool A Pool B Pool C Pool D San Francisco Polar Bears (1) San Francisco Blackbird (2) Minneapolis Drag'N Thrust (3) Ames Chad Larson Experience (4) Boston Slow White (8) Atlanta Bucket (7) Los Angeles 7 Figures (6) San Francisco Mischief (5) Columbus Santa Maria (12) Austin Cosa Nostra (11) Philadelphia Amp (10) Boston Wild Card (9) Seattle D'Oh Abides (13) Seattle Mixed (14) San Francisco American BBQ (15) Oregon The Administrators (16)
1. San Francisco Polar Bears: Despite finishing fourth in what's probably the nation's toughest region, Polar Bears' U.S. Open and Pro Flight Finale victories, along with their #1 USAU rank, leave them the likeliest candidate for the top spot.
2. San Francisco Blackbird: They had a slow start, but Blackbird has gained considerable steam with each showing, culminating in their impressive Southwest Regionals title, where they cleaned up everyone and really only had a single close game (against Mischief in the finals).
3. Minneapolis Drag'N Thrust: If it weren't for their post-Worlds temporary deflation at PFF, Drag'n Thrust would probably be the clear #1. But their 15-6 trouncing of Chad Larson Experience at North Central Regionals prove they deserve inclusion in the top three.
4. Ames Chad Larson Experience: Strong performances at U.S. Open, NY Invite, and PFF keep them in the top five, but their lack of wins against the top three push them just below their #3 USAU ranking.
5. San Francisco Mischief: Their runners-up finish at Southwest Regionals proved Mischief's PFF performance was no fluke. If it weren't for their loss to CLX in August, they might have been fourth (or maybe even third).
6. Los Angeles 7 Figures: Undefeated through Sectionals, a surprising loss to American BBQ in pool play brought 7 Figures back down to earth. Though they managed to the best Polar Bears with a resounding 13-7 victory late on Sunday to preserve their elite status, a H2H loss to Mischief leaves them at sixth.
7. Atlanta Bucket: As the only undefeated team coming into Nationals, one might assume that Bucket should be ranked higher. Unfortunately, their most impressive wins have come against #18 Asheville Cahoots. Should be interesting to see how they do against top competition.
8. Boston Slow White: Though the team hasn't drawn that much attention this year, Slow White has put together a solid resume. The two victories over Drag'n Thrust at PFF bode well, but a lack of additional resume building prevent them from inching any higher than eighth. However, they've clearly earned their placement above any of the bottom eight. USAU ranked #7.
9. Boston Wild Card: Living up to the team name, Wild Card has had a somewhat perplexing year. Strong early showings were followed by a near-winless performance at PFF. Their trampling of everyone but Slow White at Northeast Regionals, however, should place them high among the bottom half.
10. Philadelphia AMP: After winning the regular season last year, AMP has dipped a bit in 2014. A last place finish at PFF overshadowed decent showings at U.S. Open and NY Invite. Their strong records against all but the elite, however, should grant them some cushion.
11. Austin Cosa Nostra: After a disappointing Colorado Cup, Cosa Nostra pulled it together and managed to make semis at PFF (albeit only by way of two key wins). Though they bested AMP at the latter tournament, their lack of numerous victories over top clubs should place them just under all the other proven programs.
12. Columbus Santa Maria: Some nice wins over Cosa Nostra, Cincinnati Steamboat, and Indianapolis Interrobang keep Santa Maria from the bottom four, but it'd be tough to put them any higher than twelfth.
13. Seattle D'oh Abides: Conflicting Colorado Cup and Northwest Mixed Ultimate Cup performances were essentially nullified by their eventual Northwest Regionals title, despite many of the matches remaining close.
14. Seattle Mixed: The Nationals newcomer only has three losses on the year, but the only strong victories came against other Northwest teams. They mostly gain the edge over American BBQ through their curiously high #11 USAU rank.
15. San Francisco American BBQ: The Bay Area team erased much of their underwhelming regular season with a strong showing at Southwest Regionals, where they earned the fifth bid through key wins over higher ranked opponents. Their unfortunate Colorado Cup performance, however, will likely keep them from earning a seed higher than fifteenth.
16. Oregon The Administrators: As the team with maybe the shakiest results and the only one not ranked in the top 20, The Administrators will probably be relegated to the bottom seed.
NOTES
– The top six were surprisingly difficult to arrange, thanks in large part to the crazy results of Southwest Regionals, where the top four seeds reversed their finishing order. Any of the top three or four seeds for this ranking could make a decent case for number one, as they've all beaten each other at some point in time (with the exception of CLX, though they remain perhaps the most consistent of the four).
– The 8-11 seem to be pretty solidly the middle pack, as they all appear clearly better than the bottom five and each have a scattering of solid wins over each other and a few top tier teams. Cosa Nostra finished above them all at PFF, but their overall results make leave them at the bottom of the group. Slow White's rank and Northeast Regionals finish, along with their more consistent results, give them the edge.
– The bottom five could also be pretty easily switched around. They've all basically hit a cluster of confusing highs and lows. So there's a good chance it might just come down to rankings.
– It may seem silly to have the #1 seed be a team that finished fourth in their own region. But it honestly just seemed like the best choice. Definitely don't envy the committee that has to decide the top spots, as just about any order could arouse reasonable complaints.
FINANCIAL ICEBERG
Always consider hidden risks
​
CHARTS
US OIL Renaissance : An Economic Boom
( From EIA, NZweek, MarketWatch, Ecointersect , AEI Ideas, EIA, EconMatters, Science Monitor, Haver, Motley Fool )​
If you would like to receive our free daily markets updates, please Sign up
​​A New Era: Growing Economy with Lower Energy Prices ?
In fact, more supply than demand, even with a robust economy, because part of the reason the world economy will be doing so well is all the global enterprises out there producing oil. It's a good business with very high margins when compared to many other industries with the past decade of higher prices.
Consequently, even if the US economy really takes off in 2013 as some have forecasted, don`t look for demand to overtake supply in the equation. The domestic oil renaissance means that we could have a booming economy, and still have more supply than we can use each day. Thus it is actually possible to have an era with a great economy, and even lower oil prices due to the domestic oil boom.
Expectations on Prices from EIA
​EIA projects the Brent crude oil spot price will fall from an average of $112 per barrel in 2012 to annual averages of $108 per barrel and $101 per barrel in 2013 and 2014, respectively, reflecting the increasing supply of liquid fuels from non-OPEC countries. After averaging $94 per barrel in 2012, the WTI crude oil price will average $94 per barrel in 2013 and $92 per barrel in 2014. By 2014, several pipeline projects from the mid-continent to the Gulf Coast refining centers are expected to come online, reducing the cost of transporting crude oil to refiners, which is reflected in a drop in the price discount of WTI to Brent.
​​
Forecast from EIA
​
​Abundant U.S. supply, low demand could cut dependence on liquid fuel imports
​
U.S. net imports of petroleum and other liquid fuels as a share of product supplied (used as a proxy for consumption) have been one of the most watched indicators in national and global energy analyses. The Annual Energy Outlook 2013 includes a case in which net imports of liquid fuels are eliminated by 2035 under inherently speculative assumptions that boost supply and reduce demand relative to the previously published Reference case.
The Low/No Net Imports case simulates an environment in which U.S. energy production grows rapidly while domestic consumption of liquid fuels declines. The Low/No Net Imports case assumes that more petroleum can be recovered from tight oil formations as well as from offshore, Alaska, and gas-to-liquids sources than is considered achievable using current technology and known geology. Domestic crude oil production approaches 10 million barrels per day by 2020 and is sustained near or above that level through 2040.
In the Low/No Net Imports case, assumptions limit growth in demand for liquid fuels. Projected liquid fuels demand is assumed to be lowered by technological, economic, and behavioral factors including:
•Light-duty vehicle technology is improved
•Vehicle fuel efficiency standards are tightened beyond the 2025 model year
•Electric vehicle batteries are improved
•Natural gas market penetration into the freight transport industries is expanded
•Growth in vehicle miles traveled is significantly reduced relative to the Reference case
​
​​
The Situation
​
​Based on EIA updates ( as of april 12 2013 ), here are some highlights of America's amazing energy statistics :
1. The US produced an average of 7.208 million barrels of oil per day annualized on the week of april 12 2013, which was the highest average annual crude oil output since 1992 (see yellow line in chart below ). ​EIA expects U.S. crude oil production to continue to grow rapidly over the next two years, increasing from an average 6.4 million bbl/d in 2012 to average 7.3 million bbl/d in 2013 and 7.8 million bbl/d in 2014.
2. In 2012, several states set new production records for crude oil output, including North Dakota, New Mexico, and Colorado. Other states set multi-decade production highs for crude oil output including Oklahoma (highest since 1994), Texas (highest since 1989), Utah (highest since 1988), Wyoming (highest since 1999), and Kansas (highest since 1995).
3. In the four weeks ended April 12 2013, the U.S. imported less oil than we've imported in any period since the year 2000, a level we haven't seen consistently since 1996. It's a product of increased oil drilling across the U.S., and there's a demand aspect as well. Even as the economy has improved over the past three years, the amount of oil supplied to U.S. consumers has fallen.
​​​U.S. crude oil imports averaged 7.43 million barrels per day last week, down by 289 thousand barrels per day from the previous week. Over the last four weeks, crude oil imports have averaged over 7.81 million barrels per day, 1.26 million barrels per day below the same four-week period last year, or 13.9% less...
​​As a result of the boom in shale oil production in the US, America produced domestically more than 60% of the oil it consumed last year, and net oil imports fell below 40% in 2012 for the first time since 1991, more than twenty years ago. Just seven years ago, it was exactly the opposite — America relied on foreign sources of oil for 60% of the oil consumed and produced only 40% domestically, before the oceans of unconventional oil were accessed using the breakthrough technologies of fracking and horizontal drilling.
4. Projected natural gas marketed production increases from 69.1 Bcf/d in 2012 to 69.3 Bcf/d in 2013, and 69.4 Bcf/d in 2014. Onshore production increases slightly over the forecast period, while federal Gulf of Mexico production declines.
5. As a result of natural gas production reaching an all-time high and oil production hitting a 17-year high last year, America was more energy self-sufficient in 2012 than in any year since 1991, more than 20 years ago (see bottom chart above). Last year, the US produced domestically 83.2% of the total energy consumed, which was the highest level of energy self-sufficiency since 1991, when the US produced a slightly higher 83.3% of the energy consumed.
Observe below the huge shift between petroleum consumption, US production and tumbling imports...
Oil and Gas Job Creation
​​Our first chart below puts the extractive industry employment in a broad perspective and indeed it certainly is up but in the context of absolute size is not all that impressive. For example, we'll contrast that with real estate related employment which in 2006 amounted to about 10.5 mln jobs and from 2002 to 2006 represented about 40% of overall job creation.
​​So as per MoM gains to that on a 6-month moving-average basis natural resources and mining have created about 3.3k jobs per month, oil and gas specifically about 900 jobs per month and support functions about 200 jobs per month. But those jobs are well paid indeed, around 30$ an hour on average...
Support activities for oil and gas operations
ALL EMPLOYEES, THOUSANDS
Oil and gas extraction
​ALL EMPLOYEES, THOUSANDS
​
A new rule approved by the state Oil Conservation Commission will allow oil and gas producers to reuse water produced during drilling.
Industry officials say the rule, which allows companies to store drilling water in open pits, will lead to a reduction in the use of fresh water for drilling and hydraulic fracturing.
“I think this rule is a win-win that will protect groundwater while reducing the use of fresh water,” said Wally Drangmeister, a spokesman for the New Mexico Oil & Gas Association.
Critics complain that before the rule was approved March 13, neither the industry nor the state clearly explained to the public the benefits and potential drawbacks of the technical rule.
The rule could simply amount to a way for companies to store contaminated water more cheaply than putting it in tanks, as required under the current rule, said Pete Dronkers, with the nonprofit Earthworks. “The economics are quite simple. If it is cheaper to buy fresh water, they'll do that,” Dronkers said. “If it is cheaper to treat and reuse produced water, they'll do that. What matters to the operators is the bottom line.”
“The goal here should be no freshwater withdrawals at all, which should be saved for farmers,” Dronkers said.
David Martin, Cabinet secretary of the state Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department, said some companies have told him they hope to use 100 percent produced water and no fresh water for operations within 18 months after the rule takes effect March 31.
“The rule has taken longer than I had hoped,” Martin said, “but I think we have a really good one.”
Information about the amount of produced water pumped into each pit and how much is reused for fracturing in a well will eventually be available to the public on the Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department website, Martin said.
Related: Water usage decreases with oil price.
Whether drilling a new well or pumping an existing well, oil and gas operations produce water. “For every barrel of oil that's produced, there will be from half a barrel to several barrels of water produced, too,” Drangmeister said.
The water brought to the surface during drilling can be as salty or saltier than seawater.
The produced water may also contain chemicals such as benzene. Treated, the water can be used to drill and fracture more wells, instead of using fresh water, Drangmeister said. Contaminants removed from produced water are stored with other drilling waste and eventually removed to a waste facility.
In 2013, the industry in New Mexico used 5,325 acre-feet of water to fracture oil and gas wells, according to the Oil Conservation Division. That equaled about the same amount of water delivered by the city of Santa Fe to 10,000 residential and commercial customers for six months.
One acre-foot of water is 325,851 gallons of water. Fracking each oil or gas well required from 313,572 gallons to 1.45 million gallons of water.
If they don't use produced water, companies buy or lease water. In some counties, like Lea, that has led to companies leasing water rights, which has prompted protests from other water users.
Under the new rule, companies will install double-lined open pits to store produced water. The pits, which can be used for five years at a time, will have leak-detection systems. The pits also have to be fenced and screened to prevent migratory birds and wildlife from wandering into them.
If a company doesn't use the produced water in the pits, “it will be taken and put in an injection well as we do now,” Drangmeister said.
The rule also will require companies to notify property owners about new pits. State Land Commissioner Aubrey Dunn, one of three members of the Oil Conservation Commission, initially voted against the new rule because it lacked landowner notification. He said he voted for the rule after the notification provision was added.
Dronkers and other conservation groups are taking a wait-and-see attitude about the rule. They want proof that the rule actually leads to oil companies using less fresh water. “I think the public will want to know the freshwater savings are genuine,” Dronkers said.
This article was written by Staci Matlock from The Santa Fe New Mexican and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network.
Oh, Rarity... You drama queen! So yes, Twilight's gonna be a princess by the end of season 3. Hence all this alicorn drama right now. I have my own worries and speculations about what's gonna happen to the show, but I'll reserve my judgement until after I've seen what happens.Frankly, I'm suprised at how the fandom is taking this issue. Yes, a lot of people are expressing how this major change upsets them with regards to what's gonna happen to the show from here on. But that's about it - they complain and leave it be. No one's really going out of their way rise up against Hasbro or the Hub. And on the other hand, quite a few are already warming up to the idea of Twilight being a princess herself, and the powers/responsibilities that go with it. And the rest, they just have fun with it!Stay awesome, Bronies!
A 100-year-old beggar in Saudi Arabia died after 50 years of panhandling, and while her neighbors and friends were saddened by her passing, they were also a little shocked to discover that she had built up a fortune over the years
Ayesha, the now deceased beggar, is said to have amassed 3 million Saudi Riyals (around $800,000), four buildings in Al-Balad, and 1 million Saudi Riyals (close to $270,000) worth of jewelry. Very few people knew of the infamous beggar's fortune, and when she died, her will was turned over to a friend.
Ayesha's friend Ahmad Saidi says that the woman's will expressed her wishes to have all of her money and property given to the needy. Saidi says that he attempted to inform the authorities so that they could distribute the money, but after getting the runaround, he took matters into his own hands.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
“I am tired of this role,” said Saidi. “I gave statements to the police and the court and received a promise that the authorities would do what was needed.”
When the promise wasn't kept, Saidi says he emptied all of the money, gold, and jewelry onto the streets of Al-Balad and let the residents there discover it.
In Ayesha's will, there's reportedly a specific request that after she's gone, the government take over the four buildings she owns and kick out those who live there. Currently, the government has yet to take over the buildings, and some of the residents are protesting being kicked out.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
“They are all poor people,” said one neighbor. “[Saidi] is insisting that the properties be handed over to the authorities but where will these poor people go?”
Ayesha apparently grew up with a sister and a mother who begged for money, and many of her assets came from them.
undefined
WASHINGTON – The House is set to take up a measure this week renewing key provisions of the PATRIOT Act that expire Feb. 28.
Liberal Rep. Dennis Kucinich (D-OH) issued a challenge to tea party supporters and lawmakers in the new Congress: time to show you're serious about liberty.
“The 112th Congress began with a historic reading of the U.S. Constitution,” Kucinich said in a statement. “Will anyone subscribe to the First and Fourth Amendments tomorrow when the PATRIOT Act is up for a vote? I am hopeful that members of the Tea Party who came to Congress to defend the Constitution will join me in challenging the reauthorization.”
Republicans won back control of the House by a large margin in November, thriving on the energy of the tea party movement, which fretted that Democrats were undermining freedom in the United States. Republican lawmakers across the country frequently proffer their commitment to the tea party's self-styled ideals of liberty and freedom.
“Will tea party members defend the Constitution or capitulate on PATRIOT Act extension?” Kucinich's statement added.
The PATRIOT Act, passed soon after the attacks of September 11, 2001, has since enjoyed broad bipartisan support in Congress, as well as the backing of the Bush and Obama administration. The request to extend it came last week from Attorney General Eric Holder and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper in a letter to Congress.
The three provisions to be brought up for renewal include authorizing the FBI to use roving wiretaps, permitting the government to seize personal items during surveillance, and a clause allowing the surveillance of suspected targets not linked to terror groups.
The House legislation would extend them through December 8, 2011.
“It is essential that these intelligence tools be reauthorized before they expire, and we are committed to working with Congress to ensure the speedy enactment of legislation to achieve this result,” Holder and Clapper wrote, according to the National Journal.
So far, tea party supporters have largely refrained from protesting the PATRIOT Act, instead focusing their gripes on taxes and government spending.
The U.S. Navy is going back to its roots to prevent Russian and Chinese hacking, using a new light system for ship-to-ship communication not unlike the signal lights used in maritime warfare for hundreds of years.
Light fidelity, or LiFi, promises to allow ships to communicate with one another by transmitting information with a beam of light through common LED (light emitting diode) lights. While the technology may sound like something out of a science fiction novel, it actually borrows from old Navy technologies such as the Aldis lamp, a hundred-year-old signal device that allows ships to transmit Morse code via flashing light that is still used today.
The technology's process is fairly simple to understand: an LED light is used to create a beam that can transmit information like a radio wave. The signal is then received by another ship, which uses a device called a photodiode to receive and decode the information.
LiFi works similarly to household internet WiFi, only massively faster, more securely and with significantly greater range. Currently, the technology has been tested successfully at distances of up to one mile, but it is believed that it could easily reach 12 nautical miles after further research. A secure, direct information stream is ideal for naval ships traveling together, like aircraft carrier groups. LiFi technology can even be used underwater by submarines. The only way the stream of information could be intercepted is if an enemy vessel were to get between the ships and capture the light beam.
LiFi will prove most useful in theaters where the U.S. Navy is under threat from adversaries with advanced anti-access/area denial (A2/AD) and offensive cybersecurity capabilities, particularly Russia and China. With China's increased aggression in the South China Sea and Russia's recent provocations against U.S. ships, the technology comes at a time when U.S. Navy patrol vessels could use it the most.
The U.S. Navy's Office of Naval Research (ONR) is already working on a project called Tactical Line-of-Sight Optical Network (TALON), that harnesses LiFi for ship-to-ship and even ship-to-shore communication. TALON is scheduled to be deployed in the next five years as a way to share top secret intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR) data. Simpler versions of LiFi could be deployed for basic communication immediately.
“Ship-to-ship LiFi could provide a cheap, secure, and, reliable technology for ships in formation,” said Terence Bennett, a former U.S. Navy officer with expertise in Naval hardware, in an article for the Center for International Maritime Security Wednesday. “Commanders can build this redundant capability using a ship's 2M shop (onboard Electronics Technicians), who can build and repair these systems with off-the-shelf components and software.”
Follow Russ Read on Twitter
Send tips to russ@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
The Home Office wants to introduce a crackdown on overseas students from the European Union for the first time after Brexit, the official document leaked to the Guardian on future immigration policy reveals.
Officials say it will be necessary to introduce checks on academic ability, English language skills and ensure that students have sufficient funds before they are granted a residence permit to study in Britain.
Leaked immigration plans 'catastrophic' for industry, say employers Read more
“The government welcomes and encourages EU citizens who wish to study in the UK and does not wish to restrict their access per se. However, we will need to ensure that study does not allow circumvention of any new controls on work,” says the leaked Home Office document dated August 2017.
“Therefore we may need to introduce some restrictions to ensure students are genuinely intending to study in the way that we do for non-EU students, by checking academic ability, English language skills and sufficiency of funds.”
The disclosure will dash hopes that the government was considering a more liberal approach to overseas students raised by the home secretary, Amber Rudd, last month when she announced an independent study of the contribution overseas students make to the economy and the labour market.
As the study was announced, Home Office research based on new border exit check data demolished the myth that a large proportion of overseas students stay on illegally after the end of their courses. The report showed that 97% of students left the country when their visas expired.
Leaked document reveals UK Brexit plan to deter EU immigrants Read more
The leaked Home Office document on future immigration policy makes clear officials' fears that their proposal to issue only two-year residence permits to skilled and semi-skilled EU migrants and take away their right to settle in Britain will lead to increased abuse of the student route.
Under the Home Office post-Brexit plans, EU overseas students who come to Britain after the two-year transitional phase starts in 18 months' time will also require an official biometric residence permit but it could last longer than the two-year limit, which will apply to more than 80% of EU migrants who come to work.
“Arrangements will also be made for EU students whose courses finish after the implementation period in order for them to be able to complete their studies in the UK without risk of interruption,” it says.
The crackdown on international students from outside the EU has reduced numbers coming to the UK from 246,000 in 2011 to 136,000 in 2016. The sharpest falls in non-EU student numbers have been in further education colleges, independent schools and English language schools, where numbers have dropped by up to 60%.
This post has been updated with additional information from Monday's Article 32 Hearing.
NAVAL STATION NORFOLK, VA. – The first officer to be charged for crimes related to the wide-ranging Glenn Defense Marine Asia case by the military faced an Article 32 hearing on Monday.
Former F/A-18 Hornet pilot Cmdr. David Alexander Morales, 49, is accused by military prosecutors of committing bribery, graft, prostitution and adultery, and accepting gifts that included travel, opulent hotel stays, tickets to see Julio Iglesias and “four suckling pigs,” all related to the sprawling “Fat Leonard” corruption case.
According to the charge sheet, Morales – “on diverse occasions” at or near Singapore; Busan, South Korea; Honolulu, Hawaii; and Bangkok, Thailand, between March 2012 and September 2013 – conspired with Leonard Francis, president of Glenn Defense Marine Asia, to bribe Navy officials to influence ship schedules so GDMA would have a competitive advantage for lucrative husbanding contracts.
Prosecutors also allege the aviator lied to commanders, patronized prostitutes and failed to report at least one foreign contact.
During the hearing – the military equivalent of a grand jury proceeding – prosecutor Cmdr. Angela Tang presented a string of text messages and emails the Department of Justice collected in the myriad of prosecutions in the overarching federal case. Francis has pleaded guilty to orchestrating a vast web of Navy members to route him secret information on ship schedules to benefit his husbanding business.
Tang showed the preliminary hearing officer, Capt. Ross Leuning, several texts and emails back and forth between Morales and Francis in which the government says proves that high-dollar gifts Francis handed out translated into Morales supplying information on personnel and unclassified ship movements.
Morales accepted concert tickets, meals and travel for advance knowledge of exercises. The Hornet pilot turned logistician served in Singapore starting in 2008 and began interacting with Francis in 2011, according to prosecutors.
He had enlisted in the Navy in 1987, graduated and from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1992 before embarking on a career as a deployed F/A-18 pilot before then moving into the word of logistics.
Protectors were clear that there was no proof classified evidence that passed from Morales to Francis, but the exchange of the gifts for the information is the basis for the Navy's argument that Morales graft and bribery charges.
Morales, the prosecution said, was an allegedly late addition to the conspiracy that extended back almost a decade from Francis' 2013 arrest. Tang argued Morales was being groomed to replace Cmdr. Vannak Khiem “Michael” Misiewic, a key conspirator who admitted to regularly supplying information to Francis over several years as part of his 2016 plea of guilty to federal authorities.
Morales' civilian defense attorney, Frank Spinner, argued the government had no evidence of the bribery or the graft charges based on the text information. He also pointed out that while the government has communication that Morales was at events where prostitutes had been present, there was no direct evidence that Morales engaged the women for sex, Spinner said.
While the charges and accusations are similar to other cases related to the Fat Leonard, what set Monday's apart from the previous prosecutions is the venue – a military courtroom. Previous prosecutions have been handled by the Department of Justice out of its San Diego office in civilian court.
“The Navy is clearly invested in getting this right. I'm glad to see them pursuing an officer at court-martial for what I see as very serious misconduct who might otherwise escape criminal prosecution. That said, I also believe if the Navy had been allowed by U.S. DoJ to handle all these cases from the start, there would have been a few token cases and the entire matter would have withered away without a single flag officer facing a judge,” said former Marine and military attorney Robert “Butch” Bracknell on Friday.
“There would have been administrative sanctions and quiet retirements, but no flag officer would have faced judicial action, and probably not the O-6's. USDOJ has forced the Department's hand in this case in a big way.”
Spinner told reporters after the hearing that this case was minor compared to the federal cases.
“The leftovers are for the Navy,” he said.
“The sharks have been prosecuted. What's left is the minnows.”
In March, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of California indicted nine officers – including a retired admiral – on charges related to the Fat Leonard case.
Muse won ‘The Best Act in the World' award at the Stubhub Q Awards last night and spoke to Q magazine afterwards about virtual reality tours, making a hip-hop album and crying over We Will Rock You.Matt expressed his interest in taking the band in a new direction next year, claiming he wants to rap on their next album and potentially one day make an entire hip-hop record.He went on to say they are keen to implement an augmented reality element in their next tour. Muse have used drones in the past but are now looking for something new. They would like the crowd to put their phones to good use while watching them, in a similar style to Pokémon Go.Finally, when quizzed over the potential for a Muse musical Matt brushed off the idea but did admit to seeing Queen's We Will Rock You seven times and shedding a tear more than once.Matt on watching We Will Rock You… I saw the Queen one about seven times and loved it. Kept on going back. It's emotional. I shed a couple of tears, a couple of times.Matt on rapping on their next album… I really wanna try and just make like a hip‑hop album. I think I'm gonna actually, starting rapping on our next eighth studio album.Matt on virtual reality tours... We were just talking about augmented reality. Like Pokémon vibes, using phones because you go to a concert now and everyone's got a phone and is filming and is taking pictures. Utilising that would be a cool thing.
Cinch: Prince, I'm not pleased seeing your gloomy face all day. May I know the reason of that frown?Blueblood:...Butter called me lame.Cinch: Who?Blueblood: Peanut Butter...the son of our maid.Cinch:...and that's it?Blueblood: I don't know if he told more...I ran away.Cinch: Did you cry?Blueblood: No...Cinch:...Blueblood:...yes.Cinch: Well...then I guess you are lame now.Blueblood: What?Cinch: Exactly what I said darling. If you let him talk like that about you then you are only proving him right.Blueblood: B-but I'm not lame...Cinch: Then you should act like that. You are a prince young one, you have to care about your reputation. If just mere words of some peasants are able to bring you down, then maybe you shouldn't be prince at all.Blueblood: But...I am...It's just...I don't know what should I said him back.Cinch: The battle of words is a difficult art to learn, but I'm here to acompany you...-raises his chin-...Blueblood...Blueblood:...What?Cinch: Not "what" young one. Use "Yes?" or "I'm listening".Blueblood: I'm listening.Cinch: You are far better than boys like that...Peanut Butter kid. Remember that.___________________________________________Guess wich maid was fired later~Just a small idea of mine, to connect two of my favourites characters. In my headcanon Principal Cinch was Blueblood's tutor, and was partialy responsible of his attitude. When Blueblood grew up, he started to enjoy annoying her, however deep in theirs cold, stone, loveless, mean, sassy, narrcistic, dark hearts, they really care about eachother....Damn I find Cinch so sexy~ In her humanoid form...of course...ekhem.Background by
Aras Scimemi has caught all 145 Pokémon currently available in Pokémon Go. He's not the first to do so, but the story of how he got them is a little more harrowing than others.
A 20 year-old computer science student at the University of Virginia, Scimemi started playing Pokémon Go as soon as it was released. After catching a few types and making it to level 4, though, he “kind of lost interest” and let the game slide.
His family soon went on a vacation to Turkey, and with time to kill he revisited the game and got hooked. The apartment his family were staying in, on the Asian side of the Bosporus in Istanbul, was not just right by the water but always had a cluster of three lures around, so simply by walking around the local neighbourhood (and grinding a lot of Magicarps) he soon managed to get every water Pokémon.
Everything was going just fine. Scimemi says he “walked around, hatched eggs, swiped at Pokéstops, caught more and more [Pokémon]”. The nearby lures even “brought a bunch of great Pokémon, including a surprising appearance by Mr. Mime”.
Advertisement
Then July 15 happened.
A reported coup by military officers rocked the city, and brought chaos to the streets.
“The night of the coup was pretty regular at first”, Scimemi recalls in a post on Imgur. “I caught a movie, walked around the neighborhood looking for a Aerodactyl that was three paces away. That's when I heard the gunshots.”
Advertisement
“Going to Turkey, I was well aware of the possibility of an attack by ISIS”, he says. “So, my first thought when I heard the gunshots was an attack. I had my 10 year-old sister with me at the time, and we ran back to our apartment, closed the blinds, and I put her to bed. Fortunately, she goes to sleep easily and deeply so that was the last I heard from her for the rest of the night.”
“Unfortunately, my parents had gone to see a concert on the opposite side of the city and I couldn't reach them at all.” He spent a frantic six hours waiting for them before they finally made it back, at 4am the next morning.
“They had been detained by the military and held at gunpoint until they finally convinced them to let them go since they were American citizens.”
Advertisement
“My mother is Turkish and just about every year we go to visit family”, Scimemi tells Kotaku. “We were a little wary of going because it coincided shortly after the ISIS attack at the airport, but Turkey is our home and if we start letting fear dictate our lives, that's when they start to win. Funny enough, ISIS had nothing to do with it.”
Scimemi shared the above image, showing a book store down the street from their apartment.
Advertisement
“Most of the shops had not escaped getting shot, and there was a fair amount of blood on the streets. One neighbor of ours lost a leg and another died. The building shook several times over the night from bombs and at one point I even saw the flash of a jet-fired missile.”
“However, that's not the point of the story. Back to Pokémon.”
Oh yeah. Right.
While in Istanbul, Scimemi managed to get hold of every water Pokémon, along with “several flying types, the Abra, Poliwag, Abra, Machop, Geodude, Ponyta evolutions, any ghost types, Mr. Mime, all the Eevee's (using the Eevee evolution naming trick), Porygon, Lickitung, Onix, Aerodactyl, and I got Kangaskhan from an egg.”
Advertisement
In all, he estimates he caught around around 900 pocket monsters in total (counting duplicates for transfers, etc) while in Turkey. Once he flew back to Washington DC, he only needed another 400 before he'd managed to collect ‘em all.
“Those included the Bulbasaur and Charmander evolutions, the Hitmons, Snorlax, Diglett evolutions, Bellsprout and Oddish evolutions, other rare Pokémon like Jynx, Electabuss, Magmar, Pinsir, also Tauros, and the Dratini evolution. Not to mention Farfetch'd from an egg. I actually couldn't find most of the higher evolved Pokémon like Kabutops, Weezing, Venusaur, Charizard. I just caught enough of the base Pokémon so that I could evolve them.”
While he admits he got lucky with a few of his egg hatches, in general he says he was able to get most Pokémon just by finding and staying around lures, which seemed to attract many of the rarer ones he couldn't find otherwise.
Advertisement
Here's a look at Scimemi's Pokédex:
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
So what next? What happens when, for now at least (six of the original 151 Pokémon are being held back for later release), you have literally caught them all?
Advertisement
“Now that I've...become the very best?”, he jokes. “Well, I haven't been fighting in gyms now, so while I wait for the last six to come out I expect to be fighting those. There's a gym right next to my dorm at school and I hope to dominate that for as long as I can.”
Aqua Computer has announced its full-cover water block for the new AMD Radeon R9 Nano, the Kyrographics R9 Nano.Based on a single-slot design, the water block is made of copper and comes with either an acrylic or brushed aluminum top plate. According to Aqua Computer, the Kryographics R9 Nano covers the VRM part of the R9 Nano with thermal pads while the GPU and HBM area makes contact with the water block by using thermal grease. The Kryographics R9 Nano water block is also in direct contact with the inductors.All contact surfaces on the electrolytic copper based are high-gloss polished while acrylic glass versions also use a stainless steel frame in order to spread the pressure evenly and prevent any risk of cracking. According to Aqua Computer, the FurMark test shows that the delta between the GPU temperature and cooling fluid is only about 8K, which suggest that there is a perfect transfer of heat.The new Kryographics R9 Nano water block uses standard G1/4 fittings and has an optional KryoConnect adapters for Crossfire systems and Aqua Computers also offer a single slot I/O shield.There are total of six different versions of the Kryographics R9 Nano, depending on the finish and the top plate, including:- kryographics for Radeon R9 NANO – 94,90 Euro- kryographics for Radeon R9 NANO acrylic glass edition – 104,90 Euro- kryographics for Radeon R9 NANO black edition – 104,90 Euro- kryographics for Radeon R9 NANO, nickel plated version – 109,90 Euro- kryographics for Radeon R9 NANO acrylic glass edition, nickel plated version – 119,90 Euro- kryographics for Radeon R9 NANO black edition, nickel plated version – 119,90 EuroThe copper versions of the Kryographics R9 Nano should be available next week while nickel plated versions will be available in about three weeks.Source: AquaComputer.de
There was a scathingly daft story about the Apple Watch in the Guardian yesterday where someone who'd never seen it or used it opined about it being a major mistep and, to double-down on the daftness, trotted out the vapidly cliched "this would never have happened with Steve" line.
Apple has not had a product failure in more than 10 years, but the Apple Watch could very realistically be the first.
All of this came before the unveiling of potentially the most outlandish Apple product in history: a $10,000-plus 18-carat gold watch. It was almost as if Apple needed to pat itself on the back for the good it does in the world, in order to justify catering to such a niche market. All delivered without a hint of irony.
The sad part is, Jim Dalrymple of The Loop discovered the writer was actually a marketing consultant for the watch industry:
It is until you take a look at some of McNulty's clients, which include Kering, the owner of Boucheron; Dodo; Girard-Perregaux; Gucci; Jean Richard; and Ulysse Nardin. All of these companies offer high-end luxury watches.
[The Guardian article] was written by Martin McNulty, who they say at the bottom of the article, "is chief executive of Forward3D and Locaria," which are basically marketing agencies. Seems innocuous, right?
Jim points that out to show bias, which should be stated up front. I'll go a step further and say it shows waste. That kind of knowledge and experience could have made for an incredibly articulate and informed essay on Apple's entry into the Watch market. Instead we got, essentially, a lazy "doomed" story complete with even lazier Steve Jobs jab.
As to why Apple made the Apple Watch Edition, I've already given my theory — it gets them into fashion-industry conversations and it gets them on high-fashion wrists.
Ben Evans has an even more detailed take on it, including parallels to the worlds of couture and makeup.
It's been a bad, bad week for big media when it comes to Apple coverage. Here's hoping next week is better.
The Nintendo Switch's Pro Controller is partially translucent, meaning that you can look inside the guts of the accessory. You'd think, then, that anything housed within would be easy to spot, but there's actually a furtive little Easter egg that you'll need to look closely to see.
Directly above the right stick, you should see a message that reads “thnx2 allgamefans!,” as a few people on social media recently discovered.
It's kinda hard to pinpoint, I spent five minutes searching for it despite knowing exactly where it was. I initially couldn't see the words without flashing a light on the controller, and tilting it side to side a bit. It helps to move the stick down and to look directly on the dark ring surrounding it. Cool, huh? Gotta love Nintendo's attention to detail.
Champions of the Fairchild Republic A-10 may be able to eke out a few more years for the Warthog following the release of a government report criticising the US Air Force's plan to retire the aircraft.
The Government Accountability Office released a 24 August report stating the USAF does not have enough information to support an A-10 divestment. The GAO report criticises the Air Force's recent A-10 retirement plan, which would postpone full divestment until 2022. While that plan could mitigate some near-term capacity gaps, the service has not considered the consequences of retiring the A-10 before its expected service life and has not outlined the risks of divestment, the report states.
That news will likely fuel support on Capitol Hill, where US lawmakers have already fought the USAF to keep the A-10 in its inventory. The Air Force and Congress have sparred for years over whether to retire the aircraft and language in the Fiscal 2017 National Defence Authorization Act prohibits the A-10 divestment.
In addition to its close air support role, the A-10 also performs air control, combat search and rescue and air interdiction missions. But with tightening budgets and decreasing manpower, the USAF argues it cannot support both the 283 A-10s and the incoming Lockheed Martin F-35As, which are also intended to fulfill a close air support mission.
While the USAF's original divestment plan projected a drop in fighter capacity following A-10 retirement, the 2017 budget proposal would have replaced the A-10 one-for-one with the F-35 squadrons in an effort to mitigate the drop.
“However, Air Force documentation reveals that the loss of A-10 squadrons will outpace the F-35 squadron gain, with eight A-10 squadrons divested by the end of the five-year budget plan but only six F-35 squadrons stood up,” the report states.
An A-10 divestment could also affect readiness on the Korean peninsula, where 24 aircraft are stationed at Osan AB. The USAF's current proposal would divest that squadron in Fiscal 2019 with no replacement.
Meanwhile, the service has tossed around a potential A-10 replacement known as the AX-2, and OA-X, a light-attack aircraft for permissive environments.
2.3 million couples wed every year in the US. That breaks down to nearly 6,200 weddings a day
the average age of a bride in the US is 25.3
average age of a groom is 26.9
average number of guests invited to a wedding is 178
one-third of those getting married each year have been married before
The money behind the marriage
$72 billion per year is spent on weddings
the average wedding budget is $20,000
$1,016 is the average cost of wedding rings for the bride and groom
traditionally, the father of the bride would pay for everything. Today, however, the bride and groom themselves pay for the wedding about 30 percent of the time; the bride's parents pay about 17 percent of the time. As for the rest of the time, costs are covered by different sources -- the bride and groom and one or both sets of parents, according to surveys by Bride's magazine.
$19 billion per year is spent on wedding gift registries
$8 billion per year is spent on honeymoons
the average honeymoon budget is $3,657
over 91 percent of all to-be-weds register for gifts. The couple receives gifts from an average of 200 guests
most wedding guests spend between $70 and $100 on a gift
Timing of weddings
June is the most popular month for weddings, then August, followed by September and October
here's a monthly breakdown:
January 4.7%
February 7.0%
March 6.1%
April 7.4%
May 9.8%
June 10.8%
July 9.7%
August 10.2%
September 9.6%
October 9.4%
November 7.4%
December 7.8%
Where do weddings take place?
80 percent of weddings are performed in churches or synagogues
Honeymoons
99 percent of newlyweds take a honeymoon
t he average couple will spend three times more on their honeymoon than a regular vacation
he average couple will spend three times more on their honeymoon than a regular vacation 40 percent of honeymooners will travel within the United States, about 60 percent will travel to a foreign country
honeymoons usually last 7 to 9 days
the most popular destinations are Las Vegas, Hawaii, the Caribbean, and Jamaica
35 percent of brides and grooms have a valid passport
Other Interesting Info
the top wedding city in the world is Istanbul, Turkey with 166,000 for the year
Las Vegas, Nevada is in second place with 114,000 weddings.
Sources for our statistics
US Census Bureau http://www.census.gov/Press-Release/www/2003/cb03ff02.html
The Knot (http://www.theknot.com/au_industrystats.shtml),
The Association for Wedding Professionals International (http://www.afwpi.com/wedstats)
Sellmoreweddings.com
Sellthebride.com (http://www.sellthebride.com/tipsstats.htm)
American Demographics
Bride's Millennium Report: Wedding Love & Money
Bride's magazine
Though it seems hard to believe, Earth's gravitational pull is not the same everywhere you go. And as these gorgeously detailed maps now show, these variances are much greater than we thought.
Top image: The low gravity atop Mount Everest (credit: GGMplus/Curtin University).
Gravity varies on our planet owing to a number of factors. It's not perfectly spherical or uniformly dense. What's more, gravity is weaker at the equator because of the outward centrifugal force produced by the Earth's rotation relative to the polar latitudes. And the higher you go, the further you are from the Earth's center.
Advertisement
Now, in an effort to visualize these discrepancies, Christian Hirt and colleagues from Curtin University in Perth, Western Australia, have devised a mapping system they call Global Gravity Model plus (GGMplus).
It provides maps and data of Earth's gravity at an astounding resolution of 200 meters for all land and near coastal areas of our planet between +-60o latitude (which covers about 80% of the Earth's land masses).
Advertisement
GGMplus describes Earth gravity across four domains:
Gravity accelerations
Gravity disturbances
North-South and East-West deflections of the vertical
Quasigeoid heights at 3,062,677,383 points at 7.2 arc-sec spatial resolution (quasigeoid, like geoid, is a reference surface for heights)
Advertisement
The unprecedented ultra-high resolution maps were constructed using data acquired by the GRACE and GOCE satellites. Supercomputers were used to crunch the numbers.
In terms of the gravitational variations, they found that Mount Nevado Huascarán in Peru has the lowest gravitational acceleration at 9.7639 m/s2, while the surface of the Arctic Ocean has the highest gravitational acceleration at 9.8337 m/s2>.
Advertisement
New Scientist explains what this means to you and me:
These differences mean that in the unlikely event that you found yourself falling from a height of 100 metres at each point, you would hit the surface in Peru about 16 milliseconds later than in the Arctic. You would also lose 1 per cent of your body weight in moving from the Arctic to the Peruvian mountaintop, although your mass would not change.
Advertisement
Read the entire study at Geophysical Research Letters: “New ultra-high resolution picture of Earth's gravity field.” And there's plenty of more info — and images — at Western Australian Centre for Geodesy.
Relatedly, the same technique was used by the same researchers to discover 280 hidden craters on the Moon.
Advertisement
Other source: New Scientist.
All images: Curtin University in Perth/GGMplus.
Landscape architects, architects, and artists have long tried to evoke emotional reactions through their creations, using landscape and building forms to create atmospheres that influence our moods. Now, some artists and architects are toying with our perceptions, designing optical illusions that create a sense of confusion, amazement, and perhaps even awe at their technical chops.
Since 2004, architecture and landscape photographer and artist Zander Olsen has been working on Tree, Line, a series of “constructed” photographs that play with our notion of foreground and background in a forest (see image above).
Olsen writes: “These works, carried out in Surrey, Hampshire and Wales, involve site-specific interventions in the landscape, ‘wrapping' trees with white material to construct a visual relationship between tree, not-tree, and the line of horizon according to the camera's viewpoint.”
In Deformscape, architect Thomas Faulders, turned a conventional backyard in San Francisco into an outdoor sculpture garden vortex.
Faulders writes: “Situated in a tightly packed urban neighborhood, this limited space outdoor sculpture garden inherits a large tree and uses this sole arboreal presence to establish a gravitational pattern of grooves that are focused towards the tree's centroid.”
A “3-dimensional bulge” formed around the base of the tree connects with a distored “wire-grid projected onto a 2-dimensional surface,” creating a sense that the courtyard is plunging in around the tree. Try carrying a tray of cocktails out there on a summer evening.
Lastly, French artist Francois Abelanet, created Whom to Believe? in front of Paris' Hotel de Ville for its “jardin éphémère” last summer. An anamorphosis, which is a “distorted projection” that can only be reconstituted by viewing from a certain angle or using a mirror or glasses, this 1,500 square-meter landscape installation created the illusion of depth, a floating orb landscape.
The official Web site of Paris writes: “Monumental, it measured 100 feet long and required 1,200 square meters of lawn, 300 square meters of sedum, and 650 meter-cubed of sand and straw. Nearly 90 gardeners and technicians were mobilized continuously for five days for the completion of this ephemeral work of art.”
Abelanet told the city he wanted to get visitors to think critically about nature in the built world: “We live in a world where we hear the debate of environmentalists, scientists, industrialists. I wanted to just [explore] the problem of the tree and invite people to consider the place of the tree, nature, and the environment.” In changing the focus, he asks them to think differently.
See a video of Abelanet's landscape.
Image credits: (1) Beeches, 2004 (cropped) / Zander Olsen Copyright, (2) Duncan Wood, 2004 (cropped) / Zander Olsen Copyright, (3) Jhutti, 2004 (cropped) / Zander Olsen Copyright, (4) Francois Albanet's Whom to Believe? / Laura Prospero. Flickr, (5) Francois Albanet's Whom to Believe? / Comment Vous Dire? Flickr, (6) Francois Albanet's Whom to Believe? / Comment Vous Dire? Flickr
The National Post has a story today on a research note written by Maher Yaghi, a telecom analyst, warning about the “regulatory risks” of the CRTC's review of the wireless code. The article focuses on a single analyst, but there is a long tradition in Canada of the industry saying one thing to the regulator and another to the business community (see, for example, Bell's position on investing in fibre networks) so the comments likely reflect industry concerns. What regulatory risks might arise from changes to the wireless code?
Yaghi cites two concerns that lay plain why the industry has been fighting potential changes. The issue is not, as some would have you believe, increased regulatory costs. Rather, the fear is that changes would create better informed consumers who would seek cheaper pricing and be freer to take advantage of marketplace competition.
Yaghi says the industry is concerned with “mandated bill segmentation”, which would require providers to separate the monthly service cost from the cost of devices. Once two-year contracts expire and the cost of the device is paid off, consumers would likely want to know why their monthly cost remains largely unchanged. Yaghi notes:
“In our view, bill segmentation would make the different charges more transparent to customers and would likely prompt them to look for cheaper (bring your own device) plans, which could pressure (average revenue per user) growth in the Canadian market.”
Yaghi says there is similar concern about the prospect of banning fees for unlocking phones. The reason is that removing the fees – which bear little relation to actual cost or purported concerns about fraud – would make it easier to switch providers and reduce roaming costs:
“We believe the current policy reduces churn and increases customer stickiness, decreasing competition slightly. It also allows wireless operators to generate profits from international roaming for customers who are travelling.”
The acknowledgement that mandated bill segmentation would lead to better informed consumers able to get more competitive pricing and that unlocking fees reduces the benefits of competition provides the CRTC with validation that the reforms would be pro-consumer and should be implemented with the forthcoming changes to the wireless code. Indeed, if the CRTC does not include the changes in the code, provincial governments should consider them as they work to update consumer protection laws for the digital marketplace.
Within the Baltimore Police Department, officials have called newly released body camera footage that appears to show officers placing drugs in a car especially disturbing, CBS News homeland security and justice correspondent Jeff Pegues reports.
Privately, top commanders believe there are legitimate concerns about police misconduct given what is seen and heard on camera during the November traffic stop, Pegues reports. Officers searched the car after witnessing what they said looked like a drug deal.
The video shows the officers searching a car for drugs. As one of the suspects is arrested, he accuses the officers of having harassed him for days.
According to the public defender's office, the officers found nothing in the car until turning their body cameras off. When the cameras come back on, an officer is seen squatting by the driver's side of the suspect's car, apparently unaware that he's being recorded.
Video apparently shows Baltimore police planting evidence
He then stands up and steps back. About 30 seconds pass, and another officer approaches the car, then squats down and pulls out a bag of drugs.
The case against a woman who was facing drug charges after the incident has been dismissed.
The police said in a statement that "anytime an allegation of misconduct is made" against an officer they take it "seriously and investigate it fully."
The incident was the second time in recent weeks that Baltimore officers have been accused of planting evidence. Body camera footage released in July involving different officers allegedly shows drugs being planted in a backyard.
Criminal cases dropped after video allegedly shows officer planting drugs
In that incident, which happened in January, sources said it appears what is alleged to be an officer planting evidence may be more of a training issue connected to the use of the cameras, Pegues reports.
Police spokesman T.J. Smith said at a press conference Wednesday that one officer in that incident has been suspended as the investigation continues. Two other officers have been placed in positions where they wouldn't be in contact with the public.
Smith said officers involved in the November incident haven't been suspended at this point. Smith didn't identify any of the officers because they aren't facing criminal charges.
At the press conference, Baltimore Police Department Commissioner Kevin Davis discouraged the public from jumping to conclusions based on gaps in videos. On Tuesday night, Davis sent a memo to officers reminding them that they are required to activate their body cameras when responding to calls and searching for evidence and they are required to keep those cameras on.
Baltimore police investigate video appearing to show cop planting evidence
Law enforcement sources said police officials view the cases as "embarrassing" and fear that some officers are "taking shortcuts," Pegues reports.
There is also an acknowledgement that these incidents perhaps should have been caught sooner by the Body Worn Camera Unit, which screens incoming video. Each day, the unit looks at the last 24 hours of body camera footage from officers.
There is a growing consensus that the unit is undermanned considering the amount of video they have to watch. About 90 percent of the department uses body cameras.
On Monday, Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor stated that she believed that women and minorities had to crash the halls of power in order to “change the dialogue in this country.” She said that “money” was the obstacle to women and minorities having a say in government, adding, “we're going to have to work the political system at the highest level.”
Sotomayor was speaking at the University of Washington, pushing her book, My Beloved Life. A student questioned if she was optimistic about the future of the country. She stated, “I'm very optimistic about the power of minorities to change the dialogue in this country.”
Before 1,200 students, Sotomayor also characterized the Supreme Court as “the most moral institution” in government. “The work you do the best is the work you love,” she explained. “The greatest contribution you can make is figuring out what you think is important to you, what kind of work will satisfy you, what kind of work will make you feel meaningful, what kind of work will make a contribution to improving something that you think is significant.”
Sotomayor then wandered into the crowd, where students took selfies with her.
Sotomayor has routinely stated in speeches over the past 20 years, "I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would, more often than not, reach a better conclusion."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) reportedly complained to the White House that a pro-President Trump group's ads attacking a GOP senator for opposing the Senate's ObamaCare repeal plan are “beyond stupid.”
McConnell slammed America First Policies for running a campaign against Sen. Dean Heller Dean Arthur HellerTrump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because he was 'hostile' during 2016 presidential campaign Trump picks ex-oil lobbyist David Bernhardt for Interior secretary Oregon Dem top recipient of 2018 marijuana industry money, study finds MORE (R-Nev.) in a Saturday phone call with White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, The New York Times reported Tuesday.
The group launched a seven-figure ad buy against Heller on Friday, hours after the Nevada Republican said he would not support the Senate GOP's bill to repeal and replace ObamaCare.
ADVERTISEMENT
McConnell reportedly told Priebus that the ad campaign would hurt the bill's chances of passing, as well as Heller's reelection chances.
Heller is considered among the most vulnerable Republican senators in the upcoming 2018 midterm elections. A poll released Tuesday by a left-leaning group found that he trails Rep. Jacky Rosen (D-Nev.), a possible opponent, by 1 point and that voters are less likely to support him if he backs the GOP healthcare plan.
Former top McConnell aide Josh Holmes told the Times: “That the White House is asking people to take a tough vote and then running ads against members while we're still in negotiations is so dumb it's amazing we even have to have the conversation.”
The group reportedly got a go-ahead to run the ads from Trump officials who were infuriated by Heller's decision, according to the Times.
Humble Beginnings
In 2009, Todd Bol of Hudson, Wisconsin, built a model of a one-room schoolhouse. It was a tribute to his mother; she was a teacher who loved to read. He filled it with books and put it on a post in his front yard. His neighbors and friends loved it, so he built several more and gave them away.
UW-Madison's Rick Brooks (retired from Little Free Library 2014) saw Bol's do-it-yourself project while they were discussing potential social enterprises. Together, the two saw opportunities to achieve a variety of goals for the common good.
They were inspired by community gift-sharing networks, “take a book, leave a book” collections in coffee shops and public spaces, and most especially by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie.
Around the turn of the 20th century, Carnegie set a goal to fund the creation of 2,508 free public libraries across the English-speaking world.
That goal inspired Brooks and Bol to set their own goal of surpassing 2,508 Little Free Libraries by the end 2013. They wound up exceeding that goal in August of 2012, a year and a half before their target date
This article is about the massacre of Belarusian civilians in 1943. For the massacre of Polish officers in 1940, see Katyn massacre
Another view of the statue.
Bell towers at the Khatyn Memorial.
Khatyn or Chatyń (Belarusian and Russian: Хаты́нь, pronounced [xɐˈtɨnʲ]) was a village of 26 houses and 156 inhabitants in Belarus, in Lahoysk Raion, Minsk Region, 50 km away from Minsk. On 22 March 1943, almost the entire population of the village was massacred by the Schutzmannschaft Battalion 118. The battalion was formed in July 1942 in Kiev and was made up mostly of Soviet prisoner-of-war volunteers, ukrainian collaborators and deserters,[1][2][3] assisted by the Dirlewanger Waffen-SS special battalion.
The massacre was not an unusual incident in Belarus during World War II. At least 5,295 Belarusian settlements were burned and destroyed by the Nazis, and often all their inhabitants were killed (some amounting up to 1,500 victims) as a punishment for collaboration with partisans. In the Vitebsk region, 243 villages were burned down twice, 83 villages three times, and 22 villages were burned down four or more times. In the Minsk region, 92 villages were burned down twice, 40 villages three times, nine villages four times, and six villages five or more times.[4] Altogether, over 2,000,000 people were killed in Belarus during the three years of Nazi occupation, almost a quarter of the region's population.[5][6]
Massacre [ edit ]
On 22 March 1943, a German convoy was attacked by Soviet partisans near Koziri village just 6 km away from Khatyn, resulting in the deaths of four police officers of Schutzmannschaft Battalion 118, which consisted mostly of Ukrainian collaborators, and Red Army prisoner-of-war volunteers and deserters.[1][2] Among the dead was Hauptmann Hans Woellke, the battalion's commanding officer.[7] Woellke was an Olympic champion in Berlin in 1936 and an acquaintance of Adolf Hitler.
Troops from the Dirlewanger Brigade, a unit mostly composed of criminals recruited for anti-partisan duties, entered the village and drove the inhabitants from their houses and into a shed, which was then covered with straw and set on fire.[8] The trapped people managed to break down the front doors, but in trying to escape, were killed by machine gun fire. 147 people, including 75 children under 16 years of age, were killed – burned, shot or suffocated in fire. The village was then looted and burned to the ground.[8]
Survivors [ edit ]
Eight inhabitants of the village survived, of whom six witnessed the massacre – five children and an adult. Two were still alive in 2008.
Twelve-year-old Anton Iosifovich Baranovsky (1930–1969) was left for dead with wounds in both legs.[9] His injuries were treated by partisans. Five months after the opening of the Memorial, Baranovsky died in unclear circumstances. The only adult survivor of the massacre, 56-year-old village smith Yuzif Kaminsky (1887–1973), recovered consciousness with wounds and burns after the killers had left. He supposedly found his burned son, who later died in his arms. This incident was later commemorated with a statue at the Khatyn Memorial.[9] Another 12-year-old boy, Alexander Petrovich Zhelobkovich (1930–1994), escaped from the village before the soldiers were able to fully surround it. His mother woke him up and put him on a horse, on which he escaped to a nearby village. After the war, he served in the armed forces and became a reserve lieutenant colonel.[9] Vladimir Antonovich Yaskevich (1930–2008) hid in a potato pit 200 meters from his family house. Two soldiers noticed the boy, but spared him. Vladimir noted that they spoke German between themselves, not Ukrainian.[10] Vladimir's sister, Sofia Antonovna Yaskevich (later Fiokhina) (born 1934) hid in the cellar from the early morning of the massacre. As an adult she worked as a typist, and was last reported living in Minsk.[9] Viktor Andreevich Zhelobkovich (born 1936), a seven-year-old boy, survived the fire in the shed under the corpse of his mother.[9] As an adult, he worked at the design office of precise engineering, and was also reported to be living in Minsk.[9]
Two other Khatyn women survived because they were away from the village that day.
Tatyana Vasilyevna Karaban (1910 – c. 2000s) was visiting relatives in a neighboring village, Seredniaya. [11]
Sofya Klimovich, a relative of Karaban, was also visiting a nearby village. After the war she worked at the Memorial for several years.[11]
Post-war trials [ edit ]
The commander of one of the platoons of 118th Schutzmannschaft Battalion, Ukrainian Vasyl Meleshko, was tried in a Soviet court and executed in 1975.
The chief of staff of 118th Schutzmannschaft Battalion, Ukrainian Hryhoriy Vasiura, was tried in Minsk in 1986 and found guilty of all his crimes. He was sentenced to death by the verdict of the military tribunal of the Belorussian Military District.
The case and the trial of the main executioner of Khatyn was not given much publicity in the media; the leaders of the Soviet republics worried about the inviolability of unity between the Belarusian and Ukrainian peoples.
Khatyn Memorial [ edit ]
«Cemetery of villages» with 185 tombs. Each tomb symbolizes a particular village in Belarus which was burned together with its population.
Another view of the Cemetery of Villages.
Village names on memorial.
Children's toys placed by the site of the barn where an estimated 149 people were burned to death.
Khatyn became a symbol of mass killings of the civilian population during the fighting between partisans, German troops, and collaborators. In 1969, it was named the national war memorial of the Byelorussian SSR. Among the best-recognized symbols of the memorial complex is a monument with three birch trees, with an eternal flame instead of a fourth tree, a tribute to the one in every four Belarusians who died in the war.[5] There is also a statue of Yuzif Kaminsky carrying his dying son, and a wall with niches to represent the victims of all the concentration camps, with large niches representing those with more than 20,000 victims. Bells ring every 30 seconds to commemorate the rate at which Belarusian lives were lost throughout the duration of the Second World War.
Part of the memorial is a Cemetery of villages with 185 tombs. Each tomb symbolizes a particular village in Belarus that was torched along with its population.
Among the foreign leaders who have visited the Khatyn Memorial during their time in office are Richard Nixon of the US, Fidel Castro of Cuba, Rajiv Gandhi of India, Yasser Arafat of the PLO, and Jiang Zemin of China.[12]
According to Norman Davies, the Khatyn massacre was deliberately exploited by the Soviet authorities to cover up the Katyn massacre, and this was a major reason for erecting the memorial—it was done in order to cause confusion with Katyn among foreign visitors.[13][14]
In 2004, the Memorial was renovated.
According to 2011 data, the Memorial was in the top ten of the most attended tourist sites in Belarus – that year it was visited by 182,000 people.[15]
Panorama of the central part of the Khatyn Memorial
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian man stabbed two German tourists to death and wounded four others on Friday at a popular seaside vacation spot on the Red Sea, after apparently searching out foreigners to attack, officials and witnesses said.
Workers and security detain the man who stabbed two German tourists to death and wounded four others during an attack of the Zahabia hotel resort in Hurghada, south of the capital Cairo, Egypt, July 14, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Aly
The knifeman killed the two German women and wounded two other tourists at the Zahabia hotel in Hurghada, then swam to a neighboring beach to attack at least two more people at the Sunny Days El Palacio resort before being caught by staff and arrested, officials and security sources said.
It was the first major attack on foreign tourists since a similar assault on the same resort more than a year ago, and comes as Egypt struggles to revive a tourism industry hurt by security threats and years of political upheaval.
“He had a knife with him and stabbed each of them three times in the chest. They died on the beach,” the security manager at the El Palacio hotel, Saud Abdelaziz, told Reuters.
“He jumped a wall between the hotels and swam to the other beach.”
Abdelaziz said two of the injured were Czech and two Armenian, but other officials said one of the women was Russian. They were being treated a local hospital. The Czech Foreign Ministry tweeted that one Czech woman had sustained a minor leg injury.
The German Foreign Ministry said it had no definite information, but could not rule out that German citizens were among the victims. The German Embassy in Cairo was working closely with the authorities, a ministry spokesman said.
ISLAMIST INSURGENCY
The attacker's motive was still under investigation, the Interior Ministry said.
“He was looking for foreigners and he didn't want any Egyptians,” said one member of staff at the Zahabia Hotel.
Egypt is fighting Islamist insurgents in the Sinai Peninsula, where they mainly target security forces, but militants have also attacked tourist targets in the past, as well as Coptic Christians and churches.
Hurghada, some 400 km (250 miles) south of the capital Cairo, is one of Egypt's most popular vacation spots on the Red Sea.
In January 2016, two assailants armed with a gun, a knife and a suicide belt landed on the beach of a hotel in Hurghada, and wounded two foreign tourists.
Related Coverage Two tourists killed in Egypt resort knife attack were German: official
Egypt has been hoping that investments in airport security and the cheaper Egyptian pound will bring tourist visits to its beaches and ancient sites back up to levels seen before its 2011 uprising.
The industry, a crucial source of hard currency, has struggled since then with years of political turmoil and mass protests, as well as the fallout from the crash of a jet taking Russian holidaymakers home from the Egyptian Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh in October 2015, in which 224 people died. Islamic State said it had brought the plane down with a bomb.
Friday's attack came on a day that five policemen were killed by gunmen on a motorbike who ambushed their car just south of Cairo.
Recently, a friend returning from Morocco presented us with a 100g polythene bag of powdered “saffron”. We thanked her enthusiastically, but didn't even need to open the bag to know that it was ersatz – probably safflower or turmeric. After all, best-quality Spanish saffron from La Mancha is advertised online at £5.20 for a single gram, making it the world's most expensive spice. A 100g bag of the real stuff would be quite a present, like casually dropping by with a gift of a top quality flat-screen TV, or half a case of 2002 Nuits-St Georges, 1er Cru.
David Smale knows the value of saffron all too well. Owing to the warm, dry summer, he has had a good crop somewhere in Essex of Crocus sativus, the flower whose three tiny red, dried stigmas become the spice. You can buy a 0.2g packet of it from Fortnum & Mason for £15, which amounts to £7,500 for 100g. Now that would be some present.
This British saffron, however, is unique, and cultivating it takes serious investment. You can buy 30 bulbs of C. sativus for about a tenner (they're a beautiful blue/mauve and flower in our garden in late August). But the holy writ of the edible, this year's third edition of Alan Davidson's Oxford Companion to Food (ed. Tom Jaine), says you need 70,000 flowers for each pound of saffron, which works out at one acre per 10lb. That means that 100g would require 15,400 flowers.
Davidson's calculations are on the generous side: other authorities reckon 100,000 to 250,000 plants per pound of spice, and the stigmas can only be picked by hand. Davidson says there is “a painting from Knossos in Crete of about 1500BC… thought to represent a monkey, trained for the purpose, picking saffron flowers”; if this is indeed what it depicts, he adds wryly, the practice “has not been continued”.
Mr Smale might be onto a good thing, though; yesterday he told this newspaper: “We're talking about increasing our size dramatically by about 20 times.” He's also got history and geography on his side, as he's growing his crop at a secret location near Saffron Walden, whose name was plain old “Walden” until the 16th century. But there are hurdles to overcome. In addition to the high cost of labour, the crocus only yields its maximum crop in the third year after planting. In France beds are dug up and fresh corms replanted every three years; in Spain every four, and in Kashmir every 15 years.
Originating in West Asia, saffron certainly grew in Persia (and Iranian saffron still rivals Spanish in quality) and was found in Southern Europe in antiquity, used medicinally and as a dye. The Moghuls used it in food and took it with them from Persia to India (Kashmiri saffron is prized, and some Indian women still use it to dab on their foreheads as a mark of caste). Arabs grew it in Spain by 960, but returning Crusaders brought the crocus corms to Italy, France and Germany in the 13th century, and tradition says that a 14th-century pilgrim smuggled a corm into England in his hollow staff. By the time of Saffron Walden's 16th century rebaptism, the crop was obviously commercially important there. (In his 1996 The Essential Saffron Companion, John Humphries says it became a taxable commodity in 1420.) Yet, then as now, it was more often found in culinary use in the West of England, particularly Cornwall, in the local speciality of saffron cake and buns, and some scholars think it arrived there, says Davidson, “long before the 14th century via the Phoenicians and their tin trade with Cornwall”.
Historians have had a donnish skirmish as to whether saffron ever grew in China (it didn't), because there's a third century Chinese reference to Kashmiri saffron – in fact it got to China via Tibet. In China saffron was always known as “the red flower of Tibet”.
Though dried safflower petals look a bit like saffron (which is why it's sometimes called “bastard saffron”) you can distinguish true saffron by its smell alone; it has a unique and heady fragrance, which lingers in the nostrils (and on the fingers). In her wonderful Saffron & Sunshine: Tapas, Mezze and Antipasti (2000). Elisabeth Luard describes its scent as “subtle, elusive – a little of new-mown hay, a little of cinnamon, a hint of jasmine”. There is also a very slight medicinal note, which can be unpleasantly pungent to taste if you use too much in cooking.
Turmeric, marigold petals and safflower also give food a yellow colour, but lack the spicy, desirably bitter flavour of the real thing. Like other spices – cinnamon, coriander seed, nutmeg, mace, anise, star anise, ginger come to mind – saffron is used in both savoury and sweet preparations (though Davidson sternly says turmeric “has nothing of the saffron flavour and should never be used in sweet dishes”.)
The golden hue conferred by the genuine spice also marks it out from the false; indeed, Mrs Luard says it “is chiefly valued for its colour… not the vulgar yellow of the turmeric, nor the ivory yellow delivered by an infusion of marigold petals (which is labelled either Indian or Mexican saffron in Turkish markets) but a delicate yellow, like old gold, the colour of sunshine on sand”.
In our regional culinary use of saffron, Britain is the odd man out, as we pretty well confine it to those Cornish baked goods. Indians, too, use it in the sweet milk (and usually rice) pudding of Persian origin called kheer, and there are Portuguese saffron desserts – though most of these, formerly confected exclusively by nuns, are made extravagantly yellow by the incorporation of an unimaginably large number of egg yolks.
So much for the quality of the precious spice; what about the quantities used?
Most recipes involving saffron are savoury. The first dish that springs to my mind is the bouillabaisse of the coast of Provence, the soupy fish stew celebrated not only for its costly saffron flavouring, but also because it can't be made authentically anywhere else. The recipes from Marseille, for example, call for species of fish now rarely caught even there – and certainly not readily available from your local Waitrose. Humphries uses a terrific amount of the pricey spice: for the broth, “a big pinch of saffron,” which he explicates as “60 filaments [dried stigma, also known as threads] infused in white wine or one sachet of powdered saffron”, plus another sachet or 40 more filaments infused in 30ml white wine; and an additional packet, or 40-50 filaments infused this time in 30ml of lemon juice, for the rouille, the piquant rust-coloured sauce that goes on the garlic-rubbed toast that floats in each serving.”
The Spanish use it with a good many rice dishes, especially those called paella, from the name of the shallow, two-handled iron pan in which it is made. For her Andalusian country version, Mrs Luard specifies “a knifetip of saffron (about 12 threads), soaked in a little boiling water”. Claudia Roden, for her seafood paella in her 2012 Food of Spain, is content to call for “a good pinch of saffron threads”; while Rick Stein's Spain specifies “one heaped teaspoon loosely packed saffron threads”.
Italy's most acclaimed concoction in which saffron is indispensable is risotto alla Milanese, simply saffron-infused rice with grated Parmesan. Its success depends only on the skill of the cook and the superiority of the ingredients. Here Mrs Roden has the last word, with her The Food of Italy, published, and fully revised, last March. We all know the cost of saffron is increasing, and she no longer deals in subjective “pinches”: to serve four the cook now needs “one-half teaspoon saffron threads or one-quarter teaspoon powdered saffron”. That tiny quantity would consume almost all of a £15 Fortnum's packet.
But associations with the spice have not always been so prized. In fact, in the 16th century, when the saffron industry was a taking off in Walden, suggesting someone had a connection to the town was a term of abuse. In 1596, the witty proto-novelist Thomas Nashe, fed up with his four-year feud with Dr Gabriell Harvey, wrote a ferocious pamphlet taking his critic to task. Its title: Have With You to Saffron-Walden. If David Smale has his way, however, the town may have the last laugh.
Paul Levy is chairman of the Oxford Symposium on Food and Cookery and has a never-used Harvard PhD in English Literature
Mr. Walker came to national prominence in 2011 largely because of his first statewide budget proposal, which relied on cuts to collective bargaining rights and increased health and pension costs for most public workers to help solve an expected budget gap. His latest proposal, which contemplates spending about $68 billion over two years starting this summer, quickly drew its share of critics, especially among those with ties to the state's university system. But the address seemed muted compared with four years ago, when demonstrators could be heard screaming and pounding drums outside the legislative chamber as Mr. Walker spoke.
Mr. Walker's proposal calls for cutting about $300 million, or 13 percent, in state funds from the University of Wisconsin System, which includes 13 four-year universities and enrolls some 180,000 students. Mr. Walker's plan would also take the unusual step of removing the university system from direct state control to a “quasi-governmental” authority that could act autonomously on issues of personnel, procurement, capital projects and tuition.
As word spread in recent days that proposed cuts were coming, some in the university system expressed deep concern, likening the focus on the universities to Mr. Walker's earlier clashes with public-sector labor unions. At the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the Faculty Senate this week condemned the proposal. Students said they intended to organize opposition.
Mr. Walker's proposal needs approval from the State Legislature, which is controlled in both chambers by his fellow Republicans. Some of them voiced uncertainty about Mr. Walker's suggestion that repairs for the state's roads be paid for, in part, by borrowing $1.3 billion over the coming years. Mr. Walker rejected suggestions that he instead call for a higher gas tax. His office said the level of new bonding would actually be the lowest for the state in a decade.
Mr. Walker, who has often cited his record of lowering income taxes during his first four years in office, proposed no significant tax increases, and said the state's funding should allow a typical homeowner to pay less in property taxes two years from now.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 16, 2017, 5:43 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 16, 2017, 5:43 PM GMT By Phil McCausland
Montana came to understand the power of ice and fire this week as it dealt with snowfall and a wildfire at the same time.
Glacier National Park announced the closure of an eastern portion of Going-to-the-Sun Road Friday because of snow and ice, while the western section of the roadway remained shuttered due to ongoing wildfires. The fires scorching the region ignited on August 10 and have engulfed nearly 16,000 acres of land.
But thick flakes of snow falling on the area and lower temperatures have raised hopes that more precipitation would follow and help bring an end to the monthlong blaze.
Team shows The historic main Sperry Chalet building engulfed in flames in Glacier National Park, Montana, Aug. 31, 2017. AP
“Really any sort of measurable precipitation will help. The fire is not going to go out until there's significant precipitation over the area,” said Emily Davis, 35, of the Northern Rockies Incident Management Team in Glacier National Park.
"It's all about waiting for that season-ending weather event, whether it's snow or rain," she added.
The Lake McDonald Lodge had to shut down early this season because of the ongoing wildfire. Out of an abundance of caution, the popular hotel closed because its workers were exposed to consistently smokey conditions on a daily basis.
Despite shuttering early, the lodge was still in danger of being overtaken by the wildfire and maintained a sprinkler, road spraying and water pump system around it to keep the fires at bay. They hoped to save it from tragically burning down like Sperry Chalet, the century-old lodge which was engulfed on Aug. 31.
“What that system is doing is increasing the humidity enough and cooling the temperature so that it feels like a rain forest microclimate,” Davis explained.
An evacuation order remained in place, extending from the hotel and lodge near Lake McDonald more than 20 miles north to Logan Pass. An evacuation warning reached 10 miles south to Apgar Village.
Yet these wildfires in Montana are only one part of a larger inferno stretching across the American West. According to the National Interagency Fire Center, current fires span nearly 1.7 million acres of Montana, Washington, Idaho, California and Oregon.
Montana currently accounts for more than half-a-million of those acres, and the state has completely depleted its $32.5 million fire fund because of it. The state government has been forced to take money from the Department of Natural Resources and the governor's emergency fund to keep up the fight.
Yet the high cost of these wildfires is not just a Montana issue.
In 2017 alone, there have been 49,399 fires in an area covering approximately 8.4 million acres of land — almost 3 million more acres than the annual average of the past decade.
The Forest Service spent $2 billion battling forest fires so far this year, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced earlier this week — meaning that 2017 is the most expensive wildfire fighting year in American history. The previous record was $1.7 billion in 2015.
U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue called on Congress to fix the way fighting wild fires is funded because most of the Forest Service's budget is now dedicated to the task. While it only accounted for 16 percent of the budget in 1995, that figure rose to 55 percent of the budget in 2017.
“Which means we have to keep borrowing from funds that are intended for forest management,” Perdue said. “We end up having to hoard all of the money that is intended for fire prevention, because we're afraid we're going to need it to actually fight fires.”
Fire trucks are positioned outside Lake McDonald Lodge in Glacier National Park, Mont. on Sept. 3, 2017, as firefighters prepare for a blaze that is threatening the century-old Swiss chalet-style hotel. National Park Service via AP
According to Perdue, the current effort is self-defeating because the Forest Service pulls money from prevention programs to cover fire suppression costs. Otherwise, it would spend the money preventing fires via prescribed burning, harvesting or insect control.
The change has also affected personnel. Members of the Forest Service dedicated to combating fires increased 114 percent, from 5,700 employees in 1998 to more than 12,000 in 2015. Meanwhile, those dedicated to managing the land has decreased 39 percent, from around 18,000 in 1998 to less than 11,000 in 2015.
But the Forest Service and the Department of Agriculture have concluded that only addressing the fires, instead of preventing them, isn't working.
“We are breaking records in terms of dollars spent, acres of National Forest land burned, and the increased duration of fires.” said Forest Service Chief Tony Tooke. “Our firefighters are brave men and women, who risk their own lives to protect life and property. We must give them every opportunity to do their jobs effectively through better management of the forests in the first place."
CORRECTION (Sept. 16, 2017, 6:30 p.m. ET): An earlier version of this article misstated the previous record for Forest Service money spent fighting wildfires. It was $1.7 billion in 2015, not $1.7 million.
The American Family Association, which is a Christian organization, recently emailed members urging them to keep their children out of school during Oct. 30 because of an anti-bullying event, 'Mix It Up For Lunch Day,' which was organized by the Southern Poverty Law Center.
The American Family Association executive director and radio host Bryan Fischer (pictured) accused the event of promoting "the homosexual agenda," reports the New York Times.
Fischer wrote in the email: “Anti-bullying legislation is exactly the same. It's just another thinly veiled attempt to promote the homosexual agenda. No one is in favor of anyone getting bullied for any reason, but these anti-bullying policies become a mechanism for punishing Christian students who believe that homosexual behavior is not something that should be normalized."
Since the email went out, 200 of the 2,500 schools taking part in 'Mix It Up For Lunch Day' have opted out, according to the New York Times.
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which does support equal rights for LGBT people, said the event encourages students to eat lunch with people outside their usual social groups and is not aimed at gays.
Maureen Costello, who heads the Southern Poverty Law Center's Teaching Tolerance project, which organized the event, told the New York Times: “I was surprised that they completely lied about what Mix It Up Day is. It was a cynical, fear-mongering tactic.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
undefined
(CNN) The green sea turtle nicknamed "Piggy Bank" has died after vets in Thailand removed 915 coins from her stomach earlier this month.
The coins were good luck pennies thrown into the pond where the 25-year-old animal lived. Locals gave her the name "Om Sin," which translates to "Piggy Bank."
She was thought to be recovering well after the seven-hour surgery when 11 pounds of coins were recovered by vets at Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok.
Nantarika Chansue, head of Chulalongkorn University's aquatic animal research center, with "Piggy Bank"
The turtle "fully recovered from the surgery on March 6," wrote Nantarika Chansue, who led the veterinary team, on her Facebook page . "She was swimming and eating normally for a week ... We planned to return her to the Royal Thai Navy Turtle pond on Thursday."
But on Sunday night she was found to be breathing too slowly and was taken to intensive care with a serious intestinal infection. She underwent emergency surgery Monday but slipped into a coma and died Tuesday morning.
Read More
Description
An oil painting of a beautiful Charolais cow, 'Rosemary'. Charolais is a beef cattle breed originally from Charolles in France. White cattle were first noticed in this area of France around 878 AD. They are bred for meat and milk and often crossed with other breeds, including Hereford and Angus cattle. Charolais is the second most common breed of cattle in France.
This cow portrait would be a bright and colorful addition to a kitchen, cattle ranch, rustic home decor, French country decor, butcher shop or farmhouse kitchen. This cow painting is also available with a red, purple, yellow, black, or white background. Please contact me if you prefer another color.
Cow prints are available as stretched canvas prints, acrylic, metal, framed, posters, phone cases, greeting cards, tote bags, duvet covers, shower curtains and throw pillows.
I have more Charolais cattle and other cow paintings to browse. Just click on my name (above left) and go to my Cow Paintings Gallery and my Animal Paintings Gallery.
If you like my art, I would appreciate it if you would take a moment to share it using the buttons: pin to pinterest, google+, stumbleupon, facebook & tweet, also liking & favorite. Thank you!
The president who promised “an unprecedented level of openness” is in charge of an executive branch that communicates via secret e-mail accounts, making it difficult, if not impossible, for federal agencies to provide complete responses to document requests. What's more, reports the Associated Press, the Obama administration appears to be stonewalling requests for the addresses of the secret accounts and records related to their creation.
Until now, few of these nonpublic accounts were known to exist. The best-known was an account used by former Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) administrator Lisa Jackson. Using the alias Richard Windsor, Jackson “coordinate[d] propaganda and policy with media allies, ‘green' groups, and policymakers to advance the Obama administration's radical ‘environmental' agenda,” The New American reported in February. On Monday the Washington Free Beacon revealed that “Richard Windsor” had been “awarded numerous certificates for ethics and records management” by the EPA, including being named a “scholar of ethical behavior.”
“The scope of using the secret accounts across government remains a mystery,” the AP writes. “Most U.S. agencies have failed to turn over lists of political appointees' email addresses, which the AP sought under the Freedom of Information Act [FOIA] more than three months ago.”
One of the few agencies to respond to the AP's request was the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). The department provided the e-mail addresses of approximately 240 appointees, but none for HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius — not even the one published on the department's own website. The AP pushed back and was finally given three addresses for Sebelius, including a secret one. HHS asked the AP not to publish the secret address, but the AP — perhaps still steamed over revelations that the Obama administration had covertly obtained the news service's telephone records — printed it anyway, pointing out that Sebelius wields vast power, including that over the implementation of ObamaCare. In addition, the AP found that “at least two other senior HHS officials … also have secret government email addresses.”
The Interior Department supplied a list of e-mail addresses for about 100 appointees but none for former Interior Secretary Ken Salazar, telling the AP it would have to submit a separate FOIA request to obtain what the department claims was the one and only address Salazar used.
The Labor Department gave the AP the addresses for its Senate-confirmed appointees, but only after trying — and failing — to get over $1.3 million from the news service to perform the task. The AP fought back, pointing out that the department's own FOIA rules prohibit “charging news organizations any costs except for photocopies after the first 100 pages.” Among the addresses provided by the department were three for current Acting Labor Secretary Seth Harris, including one secret address, which the AP published with no objections from the administration.
Ten other agencies have yet to respond to the AP's request, among them the EPA.
The AP also tried to find out how the secret e-mail accounts were created. “But the FOIA director at HHS, Robert Eckert, said the agency couldn't provide such emails without undergoing ‘an extensive and elongated department-wide search,'” the AP writes. “He also said there were ‘no mechanisms in place to determine if such requests for the creation of secondary email accounts were submitted by the approximately 242 political appointees within HHS.'”
To the extent that they even admit to using nonpublic e-mail accounts, administration officials claim they do so strictly “to keep separate their internal messages with agency employees from emails they exchange with the public,” says the AP. The news service, however, observes that whether or not that is the real reason for the use of the secret addresses, the tactic is not justified:
The secret email accounts complicate an agency's legal responsibilities to find and turn over emails in response to congressional or internal investigations, civil lawsuits or public records requests because employees assigned to compile such responses would necessarily need to know about the accounts to search them. Secret accounts also drive perceptions that government officials are trying to hide actions or decisions.
“What happens when that person doesn't work there anymore? He leaves and someone makes a request (to review emails) in two years,” said Kel McClanahan, executive director of National Security Counselors, an open government group. “Who's going to know to search the other accounts? You would hope that agencies doing this would keep a list of aliases in a desk drawer, but you know that isn't happening.”
Frankly, one would hope they're keeping them someplace a little more secure and easily searchable than a desk drawer, but McClanahan's point is well taken. Even if the intent of the secret addresses isn't to conceal communications from the public, they can still have that effect.
Another possible reason for secret accounts is to maintain deniability in the face of embarrassing revelations, suggests Human Events' John Hayward:
Remember, the only reason Attorney General Eric Holder wasn't convicted of perjury in the Fast and Furious outrage is that he claimed he never reads his email, and has no idea what his subordinates are doing. A network of secret, untraceable email addresses is just the thing for preserving that kind of deniability. And of course, this secret correspondence is flying around an Administration that has proven very eager to snoop on the emails of people like reporter James Rosen of Fox News.
Another scandal defense commonly offered by top Obama Administration officials is that nobody talks to anyone else — there's no coordination between various agencies, even when they're supposed to be working under an operation like the Department of Homeland Security, which was specifically created to foster efficient inter-agency communication. Well, maybe one reason for that poor communication is that nobody's reading their official, public email. They think everything important will be coming into those special concealed inboxes, but they have so many alternate addresses that they can't keep them all straight.
The administration claims that both public and nonpublic accounts are searched whenever records are requested, but the AP says it “couldn't independently verify the practice,” finding “only one instance of a published email with a secret address” among “hundreds of pages of government emails previously released under” FOIA. Hayward isn't buying it either, noting that “the Administration says all this secret email correspondence is routinely searched in response to FOIA requests … but their IT nerds can't even cough up a list of alternate email addresses after three months of effort?”
Judicial Watch, a nonprofit government watchdog group, isn't terribly surprised by the news of the secret e-mail accounts, writing on its blog that it “encounters these sorts of obstacles regularly in its never-ending work exposing government corruption, which goes hand in hand with secrecy and often forces litigation.” The nonpublic addresses, the organization argues, “should be public record, but clearly the administration is hiding something.”
In fact, between scandals involving Benghazi, Fast and Furious, and the Internal Revenue Service and politically charged day-to-day decisions such as the implementation of ObamaCare, the administration may wish to conceal more than it reveals. Under such circumstances, secret e-mail accounts are a boon to the executive branch. Under any circumstances, they are the bane of a representative Republic.
Warning: the following inevitably contains spoilerific, violent and NSFW footage. Please proceed with caution.
This really isn't your usual list of memorable movie deaths. For a start, there's no ranking or countdown to the best one. Some incredibly well-known and famous death scenes aren't featured. Instead, this is a list which celebrates the simple fact that in real life, death is a painful and tragic thing which we avoid, yet in films they're often some of the most celebrated and creative parts which we watch over and over again. Funny that.
So here are 50 memorable deaths from a whole range of movies. Some you'll know like the back of your hand, but a whole list of them would be boring, so others you may not know at all. There are some poignant deaths, some spectacular deaths, and mainly some pretty terrible deaths. But watch and enjoy them all, and suggest more in the comments.
Also, we're broken this over two pages. As we've said before, we're never going to ask you for 20-30 clicks to read through one of our features. But for a piece this long, it seems to make sense all round just to put a page break in.
1. Death by pipe cleaner spider – The Beyond (1981)
A master of reliably gory horror, Lucio Fulci's films are littered with some amazing deaths, but this one from The Beyond is easily my favourite. I forget why exactly the guy in the library is incapacitated, and there's no real explanation as to why spiders attack him, but it's glorious. Watch the spiders made of pipe cleaners very slowly advance and eat a man's face. Huzzah!
2. Death by carelessly-placed toxic waste – RoboCop (1987)
You really have to applaud the sheer length of this death scene. Emil was pretty much a lower league henchman in the film, but he foolishly drives his car into a vat of toxic waste that's lying around, and then manages to stumble around for absolutely ages while melting, before being run over by another car and exploding in a gooey mess all over the windscreen. I'd buy that for a dollar.
3. Death by slow-motion overacting – Karetci Kiz (1973)
If you type ‘worst movie death' into Google, chances are it will bring you up this beauty. From the Turkish film Karetci Kiz, a guy wears a terrible wig, at which the heroine takes offence, so she shoots him. He then takes over a minute to die, and manages to ruin the walls with bloody hand prints.
4. Death by ball grabbing – Snake In The Eagle's Shadow (1978)
I mean there's Kung Fu Masters, and then there's Kung Fu Masters. Jackie Chan is one of the latter, and here he proves it by forming an eagle claw and proceeding to punch a man in the nuts with it. Who then obviously dies.
5. Death by ‘not the bees!' – The Wicker Man (2006)
A small cheat here, as technically you could say Nic Cage is actually burned to death moments later, but I like to think it was the bees that did for him. Not content with dressing as a bear and fighting loads of women, Cage one-ups the original movie by having a load of bees poured down a mask he's wearing, leaving him unable to do anything but utter the immortal line, ‘not the bees!'
6. Death by being Sean Bean – Most Sean Bean films
Contractually obliged to go die in 90 per cent of his films, you could probably fill a good majority of this list with the great man's finest last moments. But which one sums up the Bean philosophy or living large and going out like a champ? Being too hard for even James Bond to kill him, and having a radar dish crush him instead at the end of GoldenEye is a contender, as is being ripped apart by horses in Black Death, but there's only one real choice. I salute you Boromir.
7. Death by blind Han Solo – Return Of The Jedi (1983)
Even after all this time, this still hurts. One of the most badass characters in the original trilogy goes out like a complete pussy. Even as a child I was disappointed by this.
8. Death by exploding oxygen tank – Jaws (1975)
And so it came down to Brody, a sinking boat, and nowhere to escape from Jaws. So what's a man to do after losing his spear to the angry shark? Well, shoot at the oxygen tank lodged in the beast's mouth and utter one of the greatest pay-off lines in movie history before scoring a direct hit and blowing the shark to kingdom come, that's what.
9. Death by lava bath – Indiana Jones & The Temple Of Doom (1984)
Poor ‘sacrifice victim'. No name, no lines, no way of surviving this awesome scene from The Temple Of Doom. Despite medical evidence to the contrary, it's not the removal of his still beating heart that does for the poor fellow – no, he's fine with that. Instead, it's the dunking in the pit of lava that finally kills him.
10. Death by poorly edited Ninja shuriken to the chest – Enter The Ninja (1981)
Are there any words for this? A long extended shrug following a poorly-timed job offer and the ninja has his revenge for his friend's death. Classic ninja.
11. Death by carrot – Shoot ‘Em Up (2007)
Well, if you want to introduce your main character as a credible action hero there are several ways of doing it. Having him chase after a hitman and calmly kill the guy using just a carrot is one of the more unusual ones, but it certainly works for Clive Owen's Smith in this vastly underrated mid-00s action comedy.
12. Death by falling over – Star Trek Generations (1994)
He was the greatest captain Starfleet ever had. He battled and survived Klingons, Romulans, V'Ger, Khan, Gorn, god-like beings, God, whales, more Klingons, and his own penchant for alien space women. So what would be a fitting end for this icon of the ages? Apparently falling over onto a rock and dying.
13. Death by over-ambitious trip to New Zealand – Point Break (1991)
Escaping from the feds, Bodhi goes on the run, chasing his 50 year storm. Ending up in Victoria, Australia, he finds he's been tracked by Johnny Utah. Cue an amazing fight in the waves before Utah handcuffs himself to Bodhi. They shout at each over the surf, "You know there's no way I can handle a cage man!" Bodhi begs to be allowed to ride the storm, "I'm not going to paddle to New Zealand". Off he swims. He's not coming back.
14. Death by Got Milk? – Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991)
‘Your foster parents are dead.' Still powerful, iconic and chilling after all this time, the casual way the T-1000 kills John Connor's foster dad while pretending to be his foster mum is ice cold. The shot of blade, milk, and dead Xander Berkeley is one of Cameron's best moments in a film stuffed full of them.
15. Death by arm being shot off by Predator laser weapon and then stabbed by a spike thing – Predator (1987)
I guess you can't get much more specific or memorable then the way Carl Weathers goes out in Predator. Foreshadowed by all his arm wrestling, Weathers shoots blindly at his alien foe before having his arm shot off, yet continuing to fire as it falls lifeless to the ground. The Predator then figures enough is enough and goes in close range to stab him up with a spiky weapon concealed about his armour. Nasty.
16. Death by being stabbed in the back (metaphorically), then shot in the back (literally) – Platoon (1986)
In a war full of some very bad things, Sgt Elias was a moral centre. Letting the rather less moral Sgt Barnes know he would be willing to testify against him to get him court-martialled was a noble if doomed move. Taking his opportunity, Barnes betrays Elias by shooting him and leaving him for dead. Elias, being pretty double hard, though, desperately runs with his last breath to the chopper, only to see it take off without him. Cue iconic arms outstretched in the air death as the Viet Cong machine gun him down.
17. Death by Slayer – Krull (1983)
The epic sci-fi fantasy Krull is many things to many people, but to me it will always be the film with my favourite ever background character in. After the invasion of their world by the Beast and his Slayers, Prince Colwyn and Princess Lyssa agree to marry to unite their kingdoms against them. However, before the ceremony is done, Slayers attack the wedding in a surprise assault. Colwyn is presumed dead, and as Lyssa tries to flee she is intercepted by Slayers. One by one her knights are cut down, until only one remains – he's thrown a sword and tries to fight the Slayer off, but is cruelly shot in the back by another. A hero was born in my young eyes. What a way to go. Plus, those Knight costumes are awesome.
Our full lookback at Krull is here.
18. Death by kitchen appliances – Gremlins (1984)
Seemingly unstoppable in their rampage, the Gremlins fear no man. Good job then that Billy's mum is on the case, and pissed off they're in her kitchen. One's chopped up in the blender, another stabbed to death after smashing up her plates, while a third is memorably microwaved into a gooey pulp.
19. Death by expiry date – Blade Runner (1982)
"I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those moments will be lost in time like tears in rain. Time... to die." And so goes one of the most poignant ends to a character in film history, made all the powerful by the fact Roy Batty is a robot.
20. Death by shark pellet – Live & Let Die (1973)
You could make an entire Top 50 of the most memorable Bond deaths (hmm, maybe I will…) but the death of Dr Kananga is surely the most over the top horrific, comedic, and yes, memorable. Fighting underwater, Bond forces a shark pellet into his adversary's mouth, which then makes him inflate, zoom out of the water and hit the ceiling, before exploding. As you do.
21. Death by Reaver spike – Serenity (2005)
Damn you Joss Whedon! Already knowing his fondness for killing off leading characters, fans of Firefly and first-time viewers of Serenity probably thought they were over the worst of it after Shepherd Book's death. But oh no, Whedon had to pull the rug out from under us by brutally and shockingly killing off everyone's favourite pilot after his heroic moment of safely landing a crashing Serenity. Thanks to Wash's death, you then spent the rest of the film expecting everybody else to die too. Bah.
Our full lookback at Serenity is here.
22. Death by sonically created power yeti – Scott Pilgrim Vs The World (2010)
In a film with an incredibly high body count, Scott Pilgrim continues his serial killer rampage by publically executing his rivals, the Japanese Katayanagi Twins, at a battle of the bands. After trading sonic blows, the Twins unleash a double dragon, only for Scott to magic up a yeti, which goes properly mental and smashes the place up before killing the twins. Brutal.
23. Death by…actually I have no idea what she died of – The Dark Knight Rises (2012)
No visible injury from the crash, no blood or other wounds, but fine enough to utter a line about her father Ra's Al Ghul before, I guess, dying? Do people really die like that? Either way, it's made one of the finest Tumblrs on the internet possible.
24. Death by wood chipper – Tucker And Dale Vs Evil (2010)
If you liked Cabin In The Woods, then you'll love Tucker And Dale Vs Evil. Brilliantly reworking the horror genre, we find out that all those alleged hillbilly murderers might have actually been completely misunderstood. Here we see Tucker casually working his wood chipper before unwittingly being attacked by a college kid, who trips and flies into the machine – Tucker tries to save him but from a distance it looks completely different. Maybe Leatherface was just trying to teach all those kids correct chainsaw technique?
If you walk your dog on Medford Street near its intersection with Main Street and Bunker Hill Street, don't let it eat anything.
Three dog owners recently told police at District A-15 they saw a landscaper at the Bricklayers Apprentice Fund at 550 Medford St. leave what they believe to be poisoned hot dog pieces on the grass.
The resident who reported the incident told police that he saw the landscaper with "a [five]-gallon bucket of a blue/green solution believed to be antifreeze with hot dogs soaking inside."
The witness said that he saw the landscaper spread the hotdog pieces around in the grass after completing his work.
"The witness confronted the suspect, stating 'are you trying to poison the dogs?'" a police report read.
"The suspect replied 'yes,'" the witness told police. The pair argued before the landscaper left. Once the landscaper had gone, the witness collected the hot dog pieces in his own five-gallon bucket before informing police of the incident. Two neighbors accompanied him to the district A-15 police department. They told officers that they had seen the same man performing the landscaping at earlier times and had noticed hotdog pieces left behind after his departure.
Durty Harry's Doggie Boutique posted on Facebook that several customers have reported having sick dogs, possibly as a result of the hot dog pieces.
Police took the collected hotdogs as evidence. As of Wednesday morning, according to the department, the case had not been updated and was still under investigation.
The woman who answered the phone at the Bricklayers Apprentice Fund said that no one within the organization would speak to the press on this matter.
Many of America's other big companies rely on digital mapping assets in one form or another to power services like in-car navigation and online directions. Amazon, FedEx and Microsoft, for instance, have licensed Nokia Here mapping data for years to power navigation and online directions services.
But for some companies, like Uber, there is a growing strategic interest in owning or controlling the mapping technology assets that power their services, instead of relying on large partners who could potentially become competitors.
Uber, flush with billions of dollars of venture capital, has expanded at breakneck speed to over 300 cities in more than 50 countries from Canada to China. But it has also increasingly positioned itself beyond its taxi roots to become a logistics company, aiming to deliver people and things within cities as quickly as possible — all through the use of online digital maps.
Last week, Google announced it was piloting a car-pooling program in Tel Aviv, a small test to see if Israeli commuters were willing to share rides during rush hour for a small fee. Uber relies largely on Google Maps for its service, although the company uses other sources of mapping data as well.
Analysts said Here's strength in the transportation sector would have helped Uber reduce its reliance on Google Maps and other services. A mapping tool built with Here's know-how, for example, could have helped with services like Uber Pool, the company's ride-sharing initiative that uses geospatial mapping data to pair riders with drivers.
Google Maps has an estimated one billion mobile users, or more than 10 times the amount of Here's smartphone users, but Nokia's division dominates in automobile mapping — a field in which both Google and Apple, which has struggled with its own mapping service, have marked for growth.
While Uber is now out of the running for Nokia's mapping unit, the ride-booking company has not stood still. In March, it bought deCarta, an almost decade-old mapping software company based in San Jose, Calif., to bolster its mapping efforts. And last month, Uber announced that it had acquired a portion of Microsoft's maps technology and extended employment offers to around 100 engineers on Microsoft's mapping team.
WASHINGTON – The Senate voted Monday 76-22 to confirm President Trump's Air Force Secretary pick Heather Wilson, making her the first military service secretary in the Trump administration to be confirmed, and the first Air Force Academy graduate in that position.
Wilson, 56, takes the reigns as Trump looks to rebuild the military and lower the costs of expensive weapons systems such as the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. The service is also facing a challenging pilot shortage of 800 pilots.
Wilson has been the president of the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology, an engineering and science university, since 2013. She served as a congresswoman representing New Mexico from 1998 to 2009, serving as a senior member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and on the House Armed Service Committee.
Wilson graduated from the Air Force Academy in 1982 and was in its third class to include women. She served until 1989, including in Europe during the Cold War. She earned masters and doctoral degrees as a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University in England and served on the National Security Council Staff under President George H.W. Bush.
Wilson, an instrument-rated private pilot, is married to attorney and retired Air Force Col. Jay Hone, and they have three adult children.
The Senate Armed Services Committee voted 22-5 in support of her nomination after her confirmation hearing on March 30.
“Heather Wilson is going to make an outstanding Secretary of the Air Force,” Trump said in a statement announcing her nomination. “Her distinguished military service, high level of knowledge, and success in so many different fields gives me great confidence that she will lead our nation's Air Force with the greatest competence and integrity.”
Wilson is now the Pentagon's second Senate-confirmed political appointment in the Trump administration. Defense Secretary James Mattis was the first. There are now 55 more such positions to be filled.
Calculating chance - the rules of probability
Article Category: Units |
Calculating chance or working out probabilities can be remarkable simple - or extremely complicated. Much depends on what kind of probabilities you are trying to work out: dependent or independent.
Dependent probabilities deal with events that affect subsequent events, for example drawing different colored balls from a bag on which each ball pulled out alters the numbers left inside. These are more complicated to compute so in this article, I'll take a look at independent probabilities: the chances of a coin coming down heads or tails or a die landing on a particular number.
Coins and dice have no memory (although dice can be 'loaded', more of which later). This means that the probabilities remain essentially constant throughout a series of 'events' - flips of the coin or throws of the dice.
The formula for working out an independent probability is quite simple:
P(A) = N/0 where P(A) equals Probability of any event occurring
N is the Number of ways an event can occur and
0 is the total number of possible Outcomes.
Let's first test that on the toss of a coin.
Coin flips
Heads or tails? Heads or tails?
It's obvious that the chances of a normal two-sided coin coming down heads, rather than tails, are exactly 50/50 for each throw. The coin can only land on one side or the other (event) but there are two possible outcomes: heads or tails. One over two is a half, or 50 per cent.
What's not so obvious is that the probability of a coin that has come up heads for the past 19 flips also landing heads up on the 20th throw is also 50 per cent.
You might object that such an event would be most unlikely - and you'd be right. Nevertheless, looked at logically, you can see that the 'unprecedented' event has already happened on each of the previous flips when the coin came up heads again. So, at each new spin the probabilities reset. The coin has no memory and each event has no effect on the next.
The same formula, P(A) = N/0, applies when tossing more than one coin and calculating chances of particular events. Now the number of possible outcomes is that for each object, raised to the power of the number of objects.
Thus with one coin there were two outcomes (H/T) but with two coins there will be four (22) permutations, which can be seen as TT, HT, TH, HH. With three coins, there will be eight possible outcomes (2x2x2).
Note that in calculating probabilities it is necessary to keep each outcome separate, even when they seem to be the same. Coin A showing Heads while Coin B shows tails is NOT the same outcome as the two coins coming down the other way round.
If we want to know the probability that one of three coins tossed will come down tails, we can see that there are three ways in which that event can occur, that it will be Coin A, Coin B, or Coin C that shows tails, or to put in binary form, THH, HTH, or HHT. Therefore the probability is three-eighths, or 37.5 per cent.
Tails-Heads-Heads
Tails-Tails-Heads
Tails-Tails-Tails
Tails-Heads-Tails
Heads-Tails-Heads
Heads-Tails-Tails
Heads-Heads-Tails
Heads-Heads-Heads
But the chance of all three coins showing tails is much less. There is only one TTT event, so the probability is one in eight or 13 per cent.
Calculating dice probabilities
Essentially, the same formula applies to dice - but calculating the probabilities is much more complex.
Plainly the probability of rolling a six with a single six-sided dice (I never say 'die') is one event in which it lands with six uppermost, divided by six possible outcomes from a single throw, or one sixth (16.66 per cent).
Now it might seem that that chances of throwing two sixes with two dice might also be one sixth (two six faces divided by a total of 12 faces) but this is to misunderstand the meaning of 'outcomes'.
Multiple dice
There are actually 36 possible outcomes from throwing a pair of six sided dice, listed below:
So the chances of throwing a two, 12 or any other chosen 'double' is only 1/36, or around 3 per cent.
Again, the number of possible outcomes is the number of those for each dice, raised to the power of the number of dice in play. So with two dice, that's 62 = 36. Again, there is only one type of event in which both dice show the same particular number, so 1/36.
I say 'particular' number because the chances of throwing any 'double' are different. There are six ways in which that event can happen (1+1, 2+2, etc.) so the probability of throwing a double is 6/36, or one sixth.
And what about the chances of a particular number, say five, coming up on at least one of the two dice? Well, if the probability of throwing a five on one die is 16.6 per cent, you might assume that it's twice as likely (33.3 per cent) to happen when doubling the number of dice. But that wouldn't be exactly correct. There are six possible events in which Dice A shows a five and six more where the five shows on Dice B. That's 12 events out of 36 but one of those is shared between both dice (the double five) so the actual number of events is 11, and so the probability is slightly reduced to 11/36, or around 30 per cent.
Rule of One
Another way to work out the probabilities is the Rule of One. Plainly there is total certainty (1/1 or 100 per cent) that the dice will either end up showing a five or not. Therefore the chances of no five showing on two dice are 36/36 minus 11/36, which is 25/36. Subtracting the probabilities of any given event from one always tells you the chances of the opposite occurring.
This 'back to front' method becomes more useful as the number of dice increase. As an example, it would be quite hard, when rolling four dice, to work out the chances of one of the dice showing four or less.
But it's relatively easy to work out the reverse case that all the dice end up fives or sixes. That would be a 1/3 chance on each dice, raised to the power of four. So 1/3 x 1/3 x 1/3 x 1/3 is 1/81. When you take that away from one, that means a 80/81 chance that at least one of the dice will come up four or less.
In a future article, we'll take a look at working out the probabilities on dependent events, which may even include the chances of that elusive number 13 lottery ball coming out next onto the rack!
Your questions:
Q: Your discussion of chance and probability was clear regarding the odds of winning at roulette. However, I was wondering how to calculate the odds of a change of event occurring after its opposite. For example, the probability of red coming up on the wheel after five blacks as compared with after three or any other number of blacks. Jim
A: The answer to this is essentially the same as in the article regarding coin tosses, i.e., that in 50/50 scenarios, since the ball or coin have no memory, they always reset to 50% (slightly less in roulette because of the intervention of the green). So if black comes up 29 times in a row, then it is STILL 50% likely to come up next time because 'the improbable event" (29 times in succession) has already happened on the preceding spin. On a single zero wheel, the House has roughly a 2.7% edge in its favour and the gambler has a 48.649% chance of success on any supposed 50/50 (red/black, pair/impair, etc), bet. On a double zero wheel, the house margin rises to 5.26% and the gambler's basic odds fall to 47.368% Therefore, over any extended sequence of bets, the House will always end up ahead, which is why Einstein remarked: "No one can possibly win at roulette unless he steals money from the table while the croupier isn't looking." The notion of any connection between the outcome of a spin of the wheel and any past outcomes on that same wheel, and that therefore something that has not happened recently becomes 'overdue' is known as " The notion of any connection between the outcome of a spin of the wheel and any past outcomes on that same wheel, and that therefore something that has not happened recently becomes 'overdue' is known as " The Gambler's Fallacy ". Similarly, there is the "doctrine of the maturity of chances" (aka "Monte Carlo fallacy") that falsely assumes that each play in a game of chance is connected with other events and that therefore a series of outcomes of one sort should be balanced in the short run by other possibilities. Both these fallacies have been exposed by studies showing that over a long series of plays, a gambler playing any of the supposed betting systems will lose exactly the same percentage of initial purse as a player betting at random.
Q: The probability of a 5 coming up on one of the two dice is actually 10/36. The chance of at least one 5 coming up is 11/36. Enjoyed your article! Gary
A: Thanks for your comment, Gary. You're absolutely right, and we have corrected the article to say "at least one of the two dice." The probability of a 5 coming up on only one of the two dice is 10/36 because we don't include the permutation where the first and second dice both show a 5.
Article written by Nick Valentine
Rate this article Please rate this article using the star rater below. If there is anything missing from the article, or any information you would like to see included, please contact me.
Domestic violence is a crime in which, overwhelmingly, the victims are women and the perpetrators are men. A recent 11-year summary of domestic violence trends in Victoria by the Department of Justice found that nearly 80 per cent of victims is female and over 90 per cent of perpetrators is male.
Yet lately it seems that there has been a subtle shift in community perception. Whenever the topic of domestic violence is raised in the media, talkback radio, online comments and letters to the editor are suddenly flooded with demands that we acknowledge that men, too, are victims. According to a VicHealth report, one fifth of the community now believes that men and women are equal perpetrators of violence in the home.
The 'battered husband' claim has flourished within the online space known as the 'manosphere' where aggressive men's rights groups blame women, and more specifically feminism, for everything from high unemployment rates and shorter male lifespans, to false rape allegations and poor family court outcomes. The time has come, they say, to knock women off their pedestal.
Groups such as One in Three claim that as many as 50 per cent of domestic violence victims are male, and that women are as physically aggressive — if not more so — than men. According to one man's rights group website, feminists (or femo-nazis, to use the term preferred by many) 'invent fake domestic violence' so that they can continue to control, dominate, destroy and extort from men. Males, says another site, are facing increased hostility and being portrayed as the perpetrators of 'evil'.
There is no doubt that some victims of domestic violence are men. No one disagrees that this abuse is unacceptable and unforgiveable, and that these men are equally deserving of resources and support. But to suggest that domestic violence is a gender-equal crime is plainly incorrect, and dangerous.
These groups cherry pick studies with dubious methodology. The studies they cite have been repeatedly refuted for an approach that does not differentiate between the type and context of violent acts (for example, between a push in self-defence and a push down the stairs, or between a single act of retaliation and years of ongoing abuse). The research has also been criticised for interviewing only one partner in the relationship, and for ignoring post-separation abuse, which accounts for a very large percentage of intimate partner violence.
And of course it blatantly contradicts the vast majority of studies on the topic, such as the ABS report that showed that less than five per cent of men who experienced violence in a 12-month period were assaulted by a female partner or ex-partner.
Men's rights groups claim that such statistics are meaningless because males are less likely to report domestic violence. A study by the Australian Domestic and Family Violence Clearinghouse directly addressed this concern, stating that 'the evidence is that men tend to over-estimate their partner's violence while women under-estimate their partner's violence by normalising or excusing it ... men upgraded women's violent behaviour while women discounted or downplayed their male partner's violence'.
Furthermore, research consistently shows that 'men's violence is six times more likely to inflict severe injury and is more humiliating, coercive and controlling. Women's violence is more likely to be expressive in response to frustration and stress rather than purposeful with the intention to control and dominate.'
Danny Blay, executive director of No to Violence, explains that the arguments used by men's rights groups 'seem appealing and credible because they simplify something that is actually quite complex. But they've fudged the numbers dramatically. The thing about this issue is that it is quite personally affecting. When you hear figures like one in three women will experience family violence at some in their lives, you immediately start reflecting on your mother, your sister, your relationships and it's a hard place to be.
'It's much easier to say, 'it's not men's responsibility, it's equally women's fault'.'
The misrepresentation of domestic violence as gender-neutral is dangerous for a number of reasons. Firstly, this 'what about men?' campaign wastes precious air time and column space that Blay believes would be better spent 'having real conversations about family violence — examining the figures, exposing the myths and getting the stories out from behind closed doors'. Secondly, it raises suspicion about all domestic violence claims by suggesting that women routinely exaggerate or invent abuse.
But finally, and perhaps most dangerously of all, the claims of men's rights groups downplay the amount and impact of domestic violence on women. By characterising violence as mutual or a two-way street, they trivialise the ongoing, severe and sometimes fatal nature of domestic violence.
A compelling reminder of its devastating effects can be seen in the recent report of the Victorian Systemic Review of Family Violence Deaths. It found that over half of all homicides in the state occurred within the context of family violence. Of intimate partner homicides, females accounted for more than three quarters of the fatalities; in just under half of the cases where the deceased was male, a history of family violence was established which identified the deceased as the perpetrator of that violence.
Men's rights groups are using domestic violence victims as pawns in a larger game that seems to be less about protecting males or females from abuse and more about discrediting women and promoting other ideological ideas.
Statistics show that men are at most risk of violence not from women, but at the hands of other men. If men's rights groups cared about male victims, they'd be addressing male-male violence. If they cared about all men, they'd be advocating for the most marginalised in our society, including gay men, Indigenous men and refugees. And if they really cared about putting an end to domestic violence, they'd advocate for egalitarian relationships and examine concepts of manhood in which violence is seen as acceptable and seeking help as shameful.
Sarah McKenzie is a Melbourne-based freelance writer. She has published articles in The Age, Herald Sun, The National Times, Canberra Times, The Drum, The Punch, Crikey and more, with a particular focus on science, the environment, social justice and feminist issues.
Domestic violence image from Shutterstock
Apple, Alphabet's Waymo, Tesla and dozens of other companies would like some changes to California's self-driving car policies.
The companies -- along with dozens of other organizations like Lyft, Uber, Ford and Toyota -- submitted comments to the Department of Motor Vehicles, which were then posted online. The suggestions range the gamut from deciding when a driver should have to take control of the autonomous vehicle to recommending paying customers be allowed to ride in self-driving cars.
The DMV told CNET that it's currently reviewing the public comments received on the proposed autonomous vehicle regulations. If it decides to make changes to its regulations, it will hold a 15-day public comment period for organizations and individuals to weigh in.
Autonomous car technology has become a big focus for companies such as Google and Uber, and speculation about Apple's self-driving car plans have been swirling for months. It's unclear whether the company wants to build an autonomous vehicle of its own or if it wants to power the infotainment and other systems of a car. Apple obtained a permit earlier this month to test self-driving cars in California.
Apple -- in its letter signed by Steve Kenner, its director of product integrity -- said it's "investing heavily in the study of machine learning and automation, and is excited about the potential of automated systems in many areas, including transportation." It wants to see changes to three California policies related to "disengagement reporting," definitions, and testing without safety drivers.
Apple's letter
One of Apple's criticisms focused on current and proposed disengagement reporting requirements, which explain when a driver has to take control of the self-driving car. Apple said the metric isn't transparent enough to make consumers comfortable with the technology. The company believes the correct metric for evaluating automated vehicles should include data on successfully prevented crashes and traffic rule violations.
Now playing: Watch this: Google's Waymo wants you to test its self-driving cars
California's current regulations would make companies detail how many times humans had to take over control of the system because of a system failure or traffic, weather or road situation, according to Reuters.
Apple wants disengagement to be defined as "an unexpected event or failure that requires the safety driver to take control of the vehicle in order to prevent a crash or traffic violation." It also said disengagements shouldn't be reported for system errors or failures, the end of a test or experiment, or several other scenarios.
The other two changes Apple requested relate the definition of development vehicles and testing without a safety driver.
Apple didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Other comments
Waymo, the self-driving car company owned by Alphabet, had some issues with regulations related to driver v. no driver as the key distinction, the definition of "remote operator," liability, and information privacy.
"We're encouraged by the DMV efforts to develop regulations for autonomous vehicles that would help California remain a leader in the development of self-driving cars," Waymo said in a statement. "Waymo looks forward to deploying this life-saving technology in the state."
Tesla, whose founder -- Elon Musk -- wants to make self-driving semis and buses, argued that vehicles weighing more than 10,000 pounds shouldn't immediately be banned from testing or deployment on public roads. It also said it shouldn't be prevented from selling a non self-driving car that previously was tested as an autonomous vehicle.
"This prohibition appears to have been written without consideration for vehicles that were used as autonomous test vehicles but contain only production hardware and, once loaded with production software, are indistinguishable from production vehicles," the company said. "This is the case with many Tesla autonomous test vehicles."
Tesla didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Uber, meanwhile, said paying members of the public should be able to ride in autonomous test vehicles with drivers. The ride-sharing service got in trouble with California late last year for putting self-driving cars on the road and for picking up paying customers without permission of the DMV.
Within hours of the self-driving car launch in San Francisco in December, California's DMV told the company it was breaking the law and needed to halt the program until it got a permit. Uber refused to back down and said it would keep the cars on the road. After a week of back-and-forth between Uber and the DMV, along with an intervention from California's Office of the Attorney General, the DMV announced it was revoking the registration of 16 of the company's autonomous vehicles.
Uber didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Uber's main rival, Lyft, said language requiring autonomous car companies to notify local authorities about tests is "ambiguous" and could create confusion and delays in the testing process. It proposed that the DMV could operate a webpage where manufacturers could post notices regarding their proposed testing areas. "Such a website would not only streamline the notice requirements, but also increase public access to this information," it said in its letter.
Lyft didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Car laws
The state of California has been working on autonomous vehicle regulations for nearly two years. In mid-December 2015, it released its first draft for review. In September 2016, it released its revised draft. After taking into account feedback, California published its latest proposed regulations on March 10, which set off a 45-day public comment hearing.
Along with big tech companies, other commenters during that time included insurers, car dealers' associations, "a concerned citizen" and Fathers Against Drunk Driving.
The DMV plans to summarize and respond to all comments when it submits its regulations to the Office of Administrative Law for approval. If the OAL approves the regulations, they become law that go into effect 120 days after their approval. The DMV estimates the regulations could be in effect by the end of November, a spokesperson said.
Reuters earlier reported the news.
Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care.
Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech."
Update at 4:30 p.m. PT to add comment from Waymo.
The symbol of Britain's refusal to give up during that dark summer of 1940, the Spitfire won the hearts of both pilots and public in World War II. Regardless of the version, with either Rolls-Royce Merlin or Griffon power, all Spitfire cockpits are virtually identical and wonderfully compact. Climbing in really is (to use a very worn turn of phrase) like pulling the machine on. If everything is done correctly, the Spitfire is one of the easiest aircraft to start. The engine usually fires within two blades and runs like a clock.
While the Merlin-engine versions run very smoothly, the larger Griffon-engine machines feel as if they are angry. The sound from the exhaust stacks and the vibration transferred to the seat of the pants communicates visceral power, almost a desire to go kill something. Any hot-rod lover would enjoy this sensation of unbridled horsepower, this impatience to be turned loose and hunt. Every fighter I've been in is great fun to fly but only a very few are brutally straight about why they exist. The Griffon Spitfire is one such machine.
With enough warmth in the coolant and oil, a flip of the parking brake catch releases the brake lever on the spade control grip and the aircraft is taxiing with minimal power. The first time I had the opportunity to fly a British aircraft with this hand operated air brake system I was skeptical about it being very effective compared to hydraulic toe brakes. Within a very few minutes I was completely won over. It is far easier to manage, particularly on run up when one has to really stand on most American fighter rudder pedals. The source of high-pressure air is controlled by the brake lever on the spade control grip, or stick. The rudder pedals modulate the distribution of pressure to the left and right main wheel brakes. If the pedals are even, equal braking is applied to both sides; as one rudder pedal is applied then more brake pressure is fed to that side. Strength of application is delivered by the hand lever on the grip. The major benefit to all this is having one's feet and legs almost completely relaxed most of the time.
Lining up for take-off is intimidating with that Rolls-Royce engine sticking way out in front. There is no sense in thinking too much about it. Throttle up slowly to prevent a lurch to the right (if in a Griffon Spit where the propeller turns the opposite direction from American aircraft)...left foot moves forward almost in concert with the left hand to keep the nose straight. Monster torque shoves the right wing down rapidly, very much like the P-40, until full left aileron and full (give or take a minuscule amount) left rudder is held. The Rolls are a wounded dragon bellowing horrendously.
There is so much raw power and noise, and you are so tightly focused on keeping everything under control, the actual lift-off at around 90 kts goes by almost unnoticed. Switch hands, move the gear lever down to disengage it from the slot, inwards through the gate and then smartly all the way forward, hold momentarily, then let go. If all is well, the lever snaps outwards through the upper gate, then springs back into the upper slot. It's easy to spot a new Spitfire pilot...the aircraft porpoises as the pilot changes hands and works the gear lever.
Sitting behind this demon V-12 churning out so much power is intoxicating...the earth falls away at a rapid rate, at least for something with a propeller. A look around reveals the excellent visibility out of the bubble canopy. This lessens, to a degree, the impression of being buried within a Spitfire, though that feeling of being a part of the machine does not change. The elevator is very light while the rudder is stiff and the ailerons even more so. Every Spitfire I've flown takes a bit more muscle to roll than most fighters. As speed increases both rudder and ailerons get heavier, resulting in a curious mismatch at high speed...one has to handle the almost oversensitive elevators with a light fingertip touch while arm-wrestling the stiff ailerons. Pilots had to keep this in mind during combat, particularly when going against the Fw 190 which had a sterling rate of roll and exceptionally well harmonized controls. That being said, the aircraft is very well balanced and delightful to maneuver. Whipping a Spit around the clouds ranks right up there at the top of aviation's great experiences.
The aircraft stalls like a Piper Cub. Though a wing tends to drop, there isn't the slightest mean streak in it unless you cob the power, which produces a very violent torque roll. Power off, gear and flaps down, main fuel tanks full, it stalls at 65 kts, which is ridiculously slow. Add a slight bit of power and that drops to 60 kts. With that enormous snout, I try to make a curving approach to landing at about 100 kts in order to keep the runway in sight as long as possible. By the time I'm rolling out across the field boundary, if at max landing weight, I should be no faster than 85 kts with power and 95 kts in a glide. At lighter weights these speeds can be reduced by 5 kts.
All Spitfires are exceptionally easy to land with no inherent tendency to swerve or groundloop. Just reduce power to idle, flare to a three point attitude and she sets down on a feather almost every time. This is a great surprise to most considering the narrow track undercarriage and full swivel, non-locking tailwheel. Why doesn't it drop a wing violently or make the pilot stomp on the rudders? I wish I knew. The genius of managing to combine light aircraft characteristics with such high performance is nothing short of miraculous compared to most other wartime tailwheel types. One or two landings in the Spitfire and you are in love for life.
Spitfire Mk.IX
Top Speed: 408 mph
Ceiling: 44,000 feet
Weight: 7,500 pounds
Armament: two 20mm cannon, four .303 caliber machine guns, 1,000 pounds of bombs or rockets
America has looked enviously on the development of high-speed rail routes elsewhere in the world, particularly Japan. The country has one of the highest rates of private car ownership and some of the busiest roads in the world and it came to realise, perhaps late, that alternative forms of transport would be needed to cope with the continued demand for fast and efficient long-distance and short-distance journeys.
In April 2009, the US Federal Government, through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (2009), committed $8bn as an initial investment and $1bn a year for five years to develop high-speed rail projects across ten major corridors.
Ground was broken for the California high-speed rail project in Fresno in January 2015.
The California high-speed train project
With the population in California expected to grow from 38 million to 60 million by 2030, the government had to upgrade its transport system. There were three options: increasing airport capacity, constructing new roads or introducing high-speed train services between major cities. A detailed study showed that high-speed lines are economically, environmentally and socially profitable, and one was therefore proposed in 2000.
The California high-speed train project is to be the first high-speed train system implemented in the US. After more than a decade, the project received the state voters' approval in November 2008 through Proposition 1A for Safe, Reliable High-Speed Passenger Train Bond Act that authorises $9.95bn in bonds to establish a clean and efficient high-speed train service linking Southern California, Sacramento San Joaquin Valley and the San Francisco Bay Area.
The act also procures $950m to finance capital improvements to commuter and intercity rail and local transit lines to serve the high-speed train system. An implementation plan approved in August 2005 estimated that it would take eight to 11 years.
The decision to start the project was made in 2011, after detailed environmental studies and public opinion gathering, despite project proposal was made in way back in 2000. An initial funding bill for construction of a 130-mile stretch of the project was signed in July 2012.
In September 2012, a 65-mile section the project was approved by the US Federal Railroad Administration. The work has been divided into a number of smaller projects.
The 800-mile high-speed train system is estimated to cost $68bn. Only partial state and federal financing have been approved for the project, which includes $2.6bn in state bonds. Federal government is to provide 25% to 33% of construction costs ($10bn to $12bn). Another $4.5 to $7bn will be generated through P3 (public-private partnership) funding.
California High Speed Rail Authority
"The California high-speed train project is the first high-speed train system being implemented in the US."
The California High Speed Rail Authority is the governing body overlooking the project. The commission's first objective is to develop a system connecting the San Francisco Bay area with Los Angeles, and then work on extensions to San Diego and Sacramento, to a total length of 800 miles that includes 24 stations.
The state government of one of the country's fastest-growing areas, California, decided in 1993 to establish an Intercity High-Speed Rail Commission to develop a framework for the implementation of a high-speed rail network in the state. The group focused on potential for intercity travel; journeys ranging between 100 and 500 miles, at speeds of more than 200mph (320km/h).
Under the authority which created it, the commission's first objective was to develop a system connecting the San Francisco Bay area with Los Angeles, and then consider extensions to San Diego and Sacramento.
The authority is building a high-speed rail system in an environmentally responsible method. It has agreed to recycle 100% of all usable concrete and steel, resulting from the destruction of buildings and structures.
California high-speed network engineering study and evaluation
The authority has carried out five evaluations which comprised a preliminary engineering study of the line between Los Angeles and Bakersfield, the corridor and environmental constraints, a ridership demand and market analysis study, modal cost comparisons and possible economic impact, and financing options.
Three public inquiries were held, and the findings handed over to the High Speed Rail Authority, which is capable of implementing the works needed for the project.
The ability of the state's highway and airline network to continue to cope with future growth was questioned, and the commission concluded that, while the extreme ends of the proposed route were well-served, intermediate markets such as the cities of Bakersfield and Fresno enjoyed less frequent and less competitively priced public transport.
Apart from lowering accident rates, the high-speed rail will reduce the congestion costs that approximate $20bn a year. The rail system is also projected to save $12.7m barrels of oil a year by 2030.
The main project under planning is the San Francisco-Los Angeles high-speed line, which could connect the two cities in just two hours and 30 minutes. This express service is expected to average about 170mph during the approximately 450-mile trip, making it the second-fastest average speed run train in the world after the 174mph TGV-Est Paris to Champagne Express.
The forecast expects 117 million passengers annually by 2030, with a relatively low passenger cost a mile, with a one-way fare of $55.
After the completion of the authority's June 2000 Business Plan, it hired the consulting firms of national railroads from three countries, namely SNCF (French), DE Consult (German) and JARTS (Japan) for peer review.
Integrating California's transport infrastructure
Residents of the Los Angeles and San Francisco areas are also all too conscious of other possible major factors which affect existing modes of transport, but from which rail travel is less likely to suffer. The region is prone to dense fog, making travel on the already congested roads even more hazardous.
The area is a well-known earthquake zone, and the promoters of the scheme are keen to point out that it would offer an alternative means of transport in the event of such a natural disaster. Supporters of the campaign to build the high-speed line have said that without it, California could need up to 3,000 miles of new highway, 60 new airline gates and five more runways as the population grows from 35 million to 48 million over the next 25 years.
The new high-speed rail line would have trains capable of speeds up to 200mph. These would carry up to 115,000 passengers a day and serve up to 24 stations along an 800-mile route serving the population centres of San Francisco, Los Angeles, Sacramento and San Diego.
"Consideration is already being given to how the new high-speed line would fit-in with other transport systems."
Consideration is already being given to how the new high-speed line would fit in with other transport systems. Most of the line is expected to be built alongside existing roads and railways and the two-track line will have 20 times the capacity of the neighbouring road, with 20 trains an hour in each direction.
A ruling gradient of 3% is envisaged, which will allow for a comfortable high-speed journey. At certain locations the high-speed line is expected to use viaducts and tunnels, in a similar manner to other high-speed rail projects worldwide.
The electric-powered, high-speed train system would draw electric power from overhead wires connected to the commercial power grid. In braking, it would regenerate electricity back to the grid, thereby conserving power and reducing costs.
California high-speed rolling stock
Even though the final funding was not in place for the project, consideration was given to the types of train that could be developed for the new high speed line.
Technology will be based on already proven high-speed trains from similar systems in Japan, Germany and France. Each train will be up to 1,300ft-long and capable of carrying 1,300 passengers. A variety of different cars will be included in the formation, such as quiet cars, play areas for younger families, café and bar cars, and possibly even a conference facility. It is expected that 150 intercity trains will operate through the line each day.
The high-speed train will reflect the design of the new Series 500 and 700 Shinkansen trains that operate with a maximum speed of approximately 187mph in Japan and French TGV and AGV (Automotrice Grande Vitesse). The steel-wheel-on-steel-rail technology has been preferred to maglev (magnetic levitation systems) technology.
Signalling and communications
High-speed train traffic control and communications systems are centrally regulated and managed during all hours of operation. These systems monitor and limit the train's speed, schedule, routing and headway.
A sophisticated signalling and communication system is in the early planning stages. One proposal is to install intrusion alarms on the fencing, which would be linked to a central control system capable of detecting foreign objects on the tracks. In-cab signalling will be capable of automatically stopping trains if necessary.
Routes
On 15 November 2007, the authority issued a recommendation that the high-speed rail follow the Pacheco Pass route, rather than the Altamont route as the preferred high-speed train alignment between the Central Valley and the Bay Area. Similarly, the route via Palmdale is selected between the Central Valley and Los Angeles for the rail network.
"The new high-speed rail line is expected to have trains capable of speeds up to 200mph."
Contractors involved
A $71.86m contract for providing design and construction oversight for Construction Package 2-3 was awarded to ARCADIS US in August 2014. Construction Package 2-3 will widen more than 60 miles through the Fresno-Tulare-Kern County line.
Chaudhary & Associates, Hernandez, Kroone & Associates, Mark Thomas and Company, O'Dell Engineering and Quad Knopf, were awarded right-of-way engineering and surveying contract.
In 2013, the Tutor Perini/Zachry/Parsons joint venture (JV) was awarded the $1bn design-build contract for the first 29-mile section between Madera and Fresno. The second 60-mile section was contracted to the Dragados/Flatiron/Shimmick JV in January 2015.
PGH Wong Engineering and Harris & Associates were awarded the Project and Construction Management (PCM) contract for a 30-mile stretch between Madera and Fresno in January 2013.
Parsons Brinckerhoff consortium was awarded a $700m contract to provide integration, programme delivery, operations and management services. The consortium partners include Network Rail Consulting and LeighFisher.
Jacobs Engineering won a $1.2bn contract to provide design services for the second 60-mile section of the project.
STV was preferred to prepare environmental and engineering documents for the sections between Burbank and Los Angeles as well as Los Angeles and Anaheim.
In March 2016, Ferrovial Agroman received a $442m contract from California High-Speed Rail Authority for Construction Package 4 to design and build a section of California high-speed railway in the Central Valley. The contract value also includes $107m for relocation of gas, power and communications networks.
The future
The 130-mile stretch in Central Valley will extend the initial construction to one of the two proposed routes to build an initial operating section (IOS) which initiates operation of the high-speed rail.
The two proposed routes are Merced to San Fernando Valley and San Jose to Bakersfield. They require estimated investments of $27.2bn and $24.7bn respectively. The work will take place between 2015 and 2022.
The Bay area and the Los Angeles Basin will be connected and metro link in Southern California will be integrated with Caltrain in Bay area. This work will be carried out between 2021 and 2027 at an estimated cost of $20bn.
The existing rail systems will be electrified to make operations flexible for high-speed rails. The project cost is estimated to be $23.9bn.
Two options are proposed in the fifth subdivision; the construction of phase two extensions towards Sacramento and San Diego, or the completion of the full phase one between Downtown San Francisco and Anaheim through Los Angeles.
Construction of the central valley section is expected to create 100,000 jobs over five years. Phase one is expected to create 65,000 direct and indirect jobs on an average.
The High Speed Rail Authority has the job of directing the development and implementation of the system, including funding. The funding will be generated through state bond revenues, federal government funds, and public, private and local funds.
The project will reduce carbon dioxide emission by three million tons, divert more than a third of the air trips travel and about 6% of auto-travellers. Once built, the system would not require operating subsidies and will generate more than $1bn in annual profits.
Comparatively, the Shinkansen in Japan has approximately 75% of the market in air transportation for a trip time about 2.5 hours. In Europe, high-speed rail occupies 50% of the traffic where rail trip times are 4.5 hours or fewer. If travel time is two hours or fewer, it occupies 90% of the market share.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The crypto-currency has had a volatile week
Bitcoin has taken another step toward the financial mainstream, after a US regulator said it would let two traditional exchanges begin trading in Bitcoin-related financial contracts.
CME Group and CBOE Global Markets exchanges will offer investors Bitcoin futures from later this month.
The move sent the crypto-currency's price up, continuing its volatile week.
Bitcoin hit a record above $11,400 on Wednesday, but then lost 20% of its value in the following 24 hours.
What's behind the Bitcoin gold rush?
Bitcoin - risky bubble or the future?
The announcement from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) that it will allow the futures to be traded was seen as a watershed moment for the currency.
It means that investors will be able to buy and sell "future" contracts in Bitcoins - an agreement to buy the crypto-currency, for example, in three months time at a certain price.
CME Group said trading would be available on its CME Globex electronic trading platform from 18 December.
To guard against volatility, CME and CBOE will put in place stricter than usual risk-management safeguards.
Bubble risk?
CME and CBOE have also agreed to enter into data-sharing agreements, particularly on the settlement process, so the CFTC can conduct its own surveillance on the new financial contracts.
Bitcoin's rapid rise from less than $800 in December last year to more than $11,000 this week on Coindesk has stoked fears that it is a pricing bubble that could leave recent investors worse-off.
JPMorgan Chase chief executive Jamie Dimon called Bitcoin a "fraud" at a conference in early September, while Goldman Sachs boss Lloyd Blankfein has questioned whether the crypto-currency is a currency at all, given its volatile pricing. It "doesn't feel like a store of value," he has said.
Fr. Jonathan Decker leads the new priest around proto-cathedral. Fr. Morgan carries the chalice containing the body and blood of Christ on his head in an ancient tradition.
VANCOUVER, Wash. — Step by step, preceded by incense and candles — ancient symbols of prayer, purification and the light of Christ — newly ordained Father John Michael Morgan processed down the aisles of the Proto-Cathedral of St. James the Greater in Vancouver, Washington, Sept. 9. The monk-priest was led by Father Jonathan Decker, known as Abouna (Arabic for “Father”). Atop Father Morgan's head he held a veil-cloaked chalice carrying the Eucharist dipped in consecrated blood.
The ritual, unfamiliar to most Roman Catholics, was part of the Maronite rite of ordination of a priest — only the second such ordination to take place in the Northwest; Father Anthony Joseph Alles was ordained in 2014.
Father Morgan, a member of the Maronite Monks of Jesus, Mary and Joseph, now is a priest of the Maronite Eparchy, or diocese, of Our Lady of Lebanon of Los Angeles. A 2006 graduate of De La Salle North Catholic High School, he will continue to reside in a community of five monks in Beaverton as the men await the construction of their new Sacred Heart Monastery on 65 acres of land in Castle Rock, Washington. The Maronite Monks of Jesus, Mary and Joseph is a new monastic order, established in 2011.
The sacred nature of the eucharistic procession during Father Morgan's ordination was complemented by the human expressions of devotion and interest as the tall redhead and his sponsor, Abouna, wound their way around the church. The Knights of Columbus held their feathered hats in respect and a young boy peered around his father to secure a good view. Franciscan Missionary Sisters of Our Lady of Sorrows, one of several religious communities in attendance, discretely snapped photos.
The human and the divine intermingled seemed fitting for a rite that Maronite Bishop Elias Zaidan said makes a man “the heart and mind, eyes and ears of the Lord.”
Bishop Zaidan, a native of Lebanon and leader of the Los Angeles eparchy, said in his homily that Deacon Morgan had given “years of preparation” in order to “dedicate himself to God.” Emphasizing the words from an opening prayer, the bishop said the candidate had been called to be a “good steward, a spiritual guardian, a wise teacher and a diligent watchman.”
He pointed out that the soon-to-be-priest would bring together the vocation of the priesthood and that of consecrated life.
“Be faithful to the Lord every step of the way,” said Bishop Zaidan, who heads one of the two eparchies of the Maronite rite in the United States. The second, St. Maron, is in Brooklyn, New York.
Maronite Christianity began in the areas that today make up Lebanon, Syria, Jordan and Israel. The Maronite rite, one of 22 Eastern Catholic rites, is named for the hermit St. Maron, who died about A.D. 410. United with the pope, Maronite Catholics profess the same apostolic faith as Latin-rite Catholics and celebrate the same sacraments. But they have their own spirituality, liturgy and code of canon law.
“I love the music, the tradition” of the Maronite rite, said Connie Murphy, a member of St. Anne Parish in Grants Pass who made the trek to Washington the night before the ordination with her husband, Mike. Murphy said the highlight of the nearly two-and-a-half-hour liturgy was the chance to hear Aramaic, the language Jesus spoke.
The ordination incorporated Aramaic, Arabic, Latin and Syriac, a dialect of Aramaic, as well as English. Much of the ordination program was printed in Arabic.
“To have all the languages present is very sacred to me,” said Laif Waldron, a member of St. Sharbel Parish in Portland, the only Maronite parish in Oregon. “It's like a time capsule bringing you back to that time when the Maronites began in the fourth century.”
Within the Mass, the ordination ceremony followed the eucharistic prayer and consumption of the Body and Blood by Bishop Zaidan and the concelebrants. The congregation received Communion after the ordination.
During one portion of the ordination, the bishop placed his left hand on the Eucharist and the other on Deacon Morgan.
At that moment, I become “a channel of God's grace,” said Bishop Zaidan, who explained each significant moment of the ordination to the congregation.
As the bishop anointed the palms of the newly ordained priest with chrism, he prayed: “Clothed with the holy vestment of the exalted order of priests, may [Father Morgan] join the pure priests who have pleased you by their honorable deeds and services.”
Clergy attending the ordination included retired Portland Auxiliary Bishop Kenneth Steiner; Fathers Eric Andersen and John Boyle from St. Stephen Parish in Southeast Portland; Father W. R. Harris, pastor of the Proto-Cathedral of St. James; and Father Christopher Fabre, pastor of St. Sharbel.
Minutes after the liturgy ended, Father Morgan greeted and blessed each person in a long line winding out of the vestibule and into the afternoon sunshine.
Father Morgan is “compassionate, loving and funny,” said Monica Calko, a member of St. Sharbel, after her blessing. “The children love him,” she added, ushering her 6-year-old son, Thaddeus, down the church steps.
Beaming, the brand-new priest said he was most eager to celebrate the Eucharist and distribute mercy and grace in the confessional. But he's also excited about “the little moments,” he said. “I'm looking forward to those in-between moments that a priest can grow in knowledge of the Father's love and holiness — and minister that love to his children.”
katies@catholicsentinel.org
Panama Jackson and his mama at Briarwood Mall in Ann Arbor, Mich., circa 1983 (courtesy of Panama Jackson)
Like most of America, I've had a week. Whereas Charlottesville, Va., touched off a week of necessary discussions, debates and arguments centering largely on our president's ignorance and emboldening of the very real problems in America, I've had exhausting, draining and, ultimately, disappointing arguments about America's race problem within my own house with my mother.
You see, my mother (and aunt) came to visit me from Michigan for a week to spend time with three of her grandbabies. Full disclosure: My mother voted for Donald Trump. She's also white. And she and her (white) husband are members of the National Rifle Association, own two small businesses—including a gun shop—and were actually screwed by Obamacare. In short, my mother is probably what a typical, white Midwesterner looks like on paper.
Advertisement
Except, she's not. She's an immigrant. She moved to the United States from France in 1970 when she was (I believe) 13 years old. My family emigrated from France in search of new opportunities and landed in Washtenaw County, Mich., living in various cities around Ann Arbor, Mich., before settling in the Michigan city of Milan (pronounced My-lin). When my mother got to America, she knew very little English. When she was 18, she joined the U.S. Army and met my father, a black American from Alabama, while they were both stationed in the Panama Canal Zone.
That union birthed two children—me and my younger sister, who was born at the University of Michigan Medical Center. We are biracial, but we are black. Because life happens, we spent our early years with our mother, but when I was 6 (and my sister was 3), we were sent to live with our father in Frankfurt, Germany, where he was stationed. From age 6 until I graduated from high school, I lived with my father and mostly spent summers visiting my mother in Michigan.
I never struggled with my racial identity. When I was young, my father plainly explained to me that while my mother was white, I was not. I was raised in a black household by a black man who felt very strongly about making sure that I was prepared to be a black man in the world. I attended Morehouse College in Atlanta and then moved to Washington, D.C., for graduate school, work and family life. To say that I've lived a pretty black existence is an understatement. Even in graduate school, a bunch of my friends from Morehouse and Spelman College moved to D.C. at the same time, so my social circle was set.
Advertisement
Advertisement
During my early years in D.C., my mother and I used to debate race relations frequently. Largely because she felt as if I was the blackest person she knew and it bothered her that I wasn't, hmm, acknowledging my white half and, by default, her. This wasn't true. In any conversation about my background, I'd always acknowledged who I was and where I came from, but the truth is, it rarely came up. Most people who met me assumed I was just a light-skinned black dude.
Over time, I noticed that her opinions and politics began to skew right. Or at least, her rhetoric sounded as such. She often questioned my rage at injustices in society. Not so much the instances that annoyed me, but my belief that America, as an institution, was at fault. She preferred to believe that there were just bad apples out there making bad choices. My issues were isolated, not systemic.
No matter how I presented my case, she always found a way to insinuate that maybe it wasn't as bad as I was making it out to be and that everything wasn't about race. These conversations always frustrated me because I couldn't understand how anybody who watched the news, and then heard her own flesh and blood speak passionately about his own experiences, could doubt with so much conviction.
Advertisement
If I'm being honest, there has been a very slow erosion of the relationship over time because of what I view as her lack of perspective about the life of her children. Maybe our reality wasn't hers on a daily basis, but denying our reality, even passively, was eventually going to be the straw that broke the camel's back.
Ever since Donald Trump hit the scene, I knew my mother was going to be voting for him. But it wasn't because of Trump; my mother hated Hillary Clinton. And it's not about emails or, hell, anything substantive; my mother has a personal hatred for her that I've never been able to understand. So her vote for Trump wasn't surprising or unexpected. But that's my mother, so I have to love her. Also, again, it wasn't about Trump for her. She never defended him or said that she believed he'd be this great president; she just couldn't stomach the idea of Hillary Clinton.
Advertisement
Something, somewhere changed. Shortly after the election, my sister and I had planned to head to Michigan for the Thanksgiving holiday. That visit went off the rails before it even started when my mother decided that we would be going to my stepfather's family's house for dinner, a family I knew voted for Trump.
It was too soon after the election; there was no way the entire conversation wasn't going to be dominated by politics and, in particular, Trump. I told her that I didn't want to go because I couldn't sit silently or not engage with people I felt had made a decision that was both ignorant and had actively put my own life in danger. My mother felt that I was being unreasonable but she relented, and we spent Thanksgiving at her house. We managed not to get into a single argument or heated debate about politics, though she and my sister managed to do so while I was out for two hours picking up baby formula.
But on the day my sister and I were leaving Michigan, as we stopped at the restaurant my mother owned, one of the town police officers happened to stop by. She wanted me to meet him so that perhaps I'd change my tune about the police (I have a standard-issue, black-man disdain and distrust of police). She managed to imply to the police officer that several groups (I can only imagine that she meant Black Lives Matter activists) were making it hard for cops like him to do his job. He took one look at me and sidestepped that land mine by simply saying, “There's a lot happening on both sides that makes it hard for us all,” and then left. I appreciated him for that, honestly. On the other hand, I couldn't believe what my mother had said. But I was leaving in less than an hour and didn't feel like getting into any arguments. Besides, I knew there were plenty more arguments to come.
On the Monday before Charlottesville erupted into chaos, my mother and aunt came to visit. As usual, my mom and I had small disagreements about her support for Trump, but I noticed something different about our discussions this time: She was advocating for him. It wasn't about hating Clinton; she actually liked Trump and what he had to say.
Advertisement
“He tells it like it is,” she said, echoing a common refrain from Trump supporters. On that day, I explained to my mother, in very plain language, why I felt he was dangerous, why Black Lives Matter existed (after she asked my opinion on BLM) and why I viewed the police, as an institution, as problematic. This happened while we were on the way to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum.
From there, I took her to the Mall. My aunt, who had never been to D.C. before, wanted to get some “D.C. souvenirs.” My mother wanted to get some Trump stuff, including a bright-red “Make America Great Again” T-shirt. She bought one for herself and her husband.
At home, we watched the news, and there was a news story about an inflatable chicken that had flown near the White House. My mother felt that was supremely disrespectful to Trump and voiced her opinion to me. I let her know, in no uncertain terms, that I didn't care about him being disrespected because he'd disrespected me, my community, and any other possible community he could think of in both word, deed and attempted policy. My mother became upset with me and loudly expressed that he was worthy of my respect as a human being and that he was the most disrespected president ever.
Advertisement
I shot back with facts about the times he'd disrespected various communities, with quotes, and pointed out just how badly President Barack Obama was treated by publications and regular Joes while he was in office.
She informed me that she wasn't aware of any of what I'd said. Apparently, the local affiliate she claims to watch in Lansing, Mich. (but we all know she only watches Fox News), doesn't air anything that Trump has said or done. A shouting match ensued. We didn't speak for hours. At around 11 p.m., I apologized for my tone and said that I'd never want to disrespect her, but I made it clear that I believed everything I'd said. She accepted my apology and said that people were entitled to their opinions.
Blood is not thicker than freedom and it's not thicker than safety. Sometimes blood is just that, blood.
The next day, my mother showed her entire ass. She basically became Trump, in my own house. My mother decided to don that bright-red “Make America Great Again” T-shirt and asked me to take her out to places while she had that shirt on, putting me in a position of having to appear to support Trump's election. Again, I put my pride to the side. It's my mother. She birthed me.
Advertisement
But this is when our relationship hit the point from which I realized we'd never fully recover. When we were getting in the car to head to Rockville, Md., she asked why I found the T-shirt offensive. I told her that by her wearing that shirt, it showed that she didn't care about my life or those of her grandchildren or daughter; after we argued, she refused to speak to me for hours, again.
She wanted me to take her home. I offered to take her to the airport.
She was leaving the next day, Saturday, which, as we all know now, is the day white supremacists staged their rally in Charlottesville. Amid discussion—she agreed that the white supremacists were appalling and that the police had done a horrible job—she still managed to find a way to support Trump by complaining that people were waiting for him to say something and then complained that he didn't say enough; her point was that, basically, he couldn't catch a break.
Advertisement
I took her to the airport, hugged her, kissed her on the cheek, said, “I love you,” and then she said, “It's been real.”
I read literally everybody else. It made me realize just how horrible my mother's ideology is. She is OK without facts even if that means her opinion is harmful and dangerous. I decided at that point I couldn't deal anymore. I wrote this on Facebook: I read an article on CNN about how slow Trump was to call out the white supremacists in comparison with how quickly he's called outliterallyeverybody else. It made me realize just how horrible my mother's ideology is. She is OK without facts even if that means her opinion is harmful and dangerous. I decided at that point I couldn't deal anymore. I wrote this on Facebook:
Last week proved to me, pretty definitively, something that I feared but hoped wasn't true: blood is absolutely NOT thicker than dangerous political and racial ideology. Who you support, or don't, says everything about who you are as a person and what you think about the people around you. I learned the hard way what happens when somebody you love, who you share blood with, is openly antagonistic to and ignorant about the safety and liberation of my family, my children, my community, and ultimately our right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. I don't have space for those people in my life, regardless of who they might be. Choices come with consequences. When you choose to oppose progress and support ignorance, openly, and direct that hatred towards me, I [choose] to let you fly free. It sucks. It's disappointing. And I waffled back and forth about that for a few days. But the truth is I know the person on the other end of my dilemma isn't thinking nearly as much about it as I am, if at all. The only thing they're thinking about is their own feelings, like always. There are no winners here, but there are only so many losses I can afford to take. Everybody has a right to their opinions. Once you decide to share [and] act on them, everybody ELSE has a right to respond to them accordingly.
I can't sit and actively engage with a person—even if it is my mother, whose blood is running through my body—if she doesn't care about me, my story or what I live through. If she can't see past her own appreciation for a bigoted, dangerous man, who, because of the position people like her have placed him in, has the ability to do significant damage to my civil liberties, then I don't know what place she can have, reasonably, in my life. It's sad. It's disappointing. It's my mother.
Advertisement
Blood is not thicker than freedom and it's not thicker than safety. Sometimes blood is just that, blood. I know my mother loves me; I'm her son. But, honestly, I don't think my mother cares about what that really means.
Privilege is real. White privilege is real. It turns out, it can even trump blood. That reality is harsh. But it's real.
Welcome to my reality.
GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump faced a backlash after posting a tweet of Hillary Clinton next to $100 bills and a Star of David-like logo. The Post's Robert Costa explains why this latest controversy is typical of the way Trump's campaign operates. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
This article has been updated.
After several days spent parsing the meeting between Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch on the tarmac in Phoenix, news that Hillary Clinton had at last been interviewed by the FBI over the issue of the email server she used at the State Department should have given Donald Trump a welcome break from the spotlight.
And then Trump tweeted.
On Saturday morning, Trump's presidential campaign posted a detail from a recent Fox News poll on the social media network. The survey showed that a majority of Americans -- 58 percent -- thought use of the word "corrupt" to describe the presumptive Democratic nominee was accurate. This, Trump figured, made Clinton the "most corrupt candidate ever," as the tweet suggested. (For what it's worth: 45 percent of Americans thought the word applied to Trump.)
So that was the tweet, which included a picture of Clinton and, to her right, a six-pointed star with the words "Most Corrupt Candidate Ever!" superimposed over a backdrop of a pile of money.
It didn't take long before people on Twitter noticed that the tweet might be interpreted as anti-Semitic. Trump tweeted the message again, this time replacing the star with a circle to highlight his new title for Clinton. But the damage had been done.
Trump changed his Star of David to a circle. I took a screenshot of the original. pic.twitter.com/TkBxTaAORc — Sarah Kendzior (@sarahkendzior) July 2, 2016
We don't have a great metric to determine the extent to which news stories get national attention, but we can approximate it using Google searches. Over the course of the past 48 hours, a lot of people have been searching for "Clinton FBI," presumably to learn more about the state of the investigation. Bill Clinton's politically stupid move already meant that his wife was going to get a lot of attention. It was compounded once the FBI interview became public.
But despite that interest, searches for "Star of David" matched "Clinton FBI" Saturday morning, and have been getting about 55 percent as much interest as the Clinton-related term since noon.
How do we know this search interest is because of Trump? Here are the top searches including the term:
trump star of david
Donald Trump star of david
trump star of david tweet
trump
Donald Trump
This is not the first time that Trump has turned a good campaign day into something of a tie. Trump's Twitter account has probably gotten him a lot of free attention, but it's also one of the most common sources for campaign gaffes and screw-ups. (There was the time he tweeted an image including a swastika, for example.)
There's no indication that the use of an apparent Star of David was anything other than a mistake by the Trump campaign. (Update: The same can't be said of the image itself, which the campaign didn't make. Mic.com found that it originally appeared in an anti-Semitic context.) But the mistake came at a time when the political world could have only been talking about Hillary Clinton's troubles.
Oops.
Update, Monday: But it didn't end there. On Monday morning, immediately after tweeting his July Fourth greeting (complete with #Trump2016 hashtag), Trump raised the issue of the tweet once again.
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2016
And with that, on the morning of the holiday, a lot more people were interested in learning more about the Star of David than Clinton's problems. That spike at the right is partly about more people using Google as they wake up. It's also in part about Trump's tweet.
The goal of Trump's tweet wasn't really to explain himself or rationalize the tweet; it was to reinforce to his fans that the media is "dishonest." That may be effective. But the worst possible way to get people to stop talking about an issue is to keep talking about it.
Since the 2016 Presidential Election, there has been a boom of fashion and beauty items that fight back for women's groups. None have ever been like this though. Created for a number of powerful reasons, Lipslut launched the F*ck Trump Lipstick. It's more than just a pretty color though. On top of the bold statement that it makes, this little lippie gives back to women's charities too.
There are tons of different fashion items you can shop to support women's groups. The beauty world might not have as many options, but the ones that are out there are pretty darn greats. Lipslut, which, according to Teen Vogue, was created by Katie Sones, a junior in college at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo. Looking to make a change in the world, she thought up the F*ck Trump Lipstick.
To start, the color is absolutely gorgeous. It's a neutral pink shade that will stand out and look great on a variety of skin tones. The product also give 50 percent of proceeds to a women's charity that has been threatened under the Trump administration. As of right now, there's no exact charity picked just yet. With every purchase, you are asked to pick your organization of choice and the winner will get the proceeds.
F*ck Trump, $20, Lip Slut
You have nine charitable options, including the American Civil Liberties Union, The Center For Reproductive Rights, Human Right Campaign, Planned Parenthood and National Organization for Women. You'll also be able to write in your own organization of choice to be taken into consideration. Lipslut says that the winner will be chosen at the end of their campaign, although they don't say when exactly that is.
F*ck Trump, $20, Lip Slut
According to the brand's website, Lipslut was created specifically because of President Trump and the cosmetics industry in general.
"Let's just say we aren't too pleased with our current socio-political landscape, and the standards of the cosmetics industry in general," Lipslut's website reads. "Chances are you aren't either. Rather than complaining, we're putting our money where our mouth is."
As of Mar. 28, there's only one color option on the site. Don't worry though, because this brand isn't stopped here. According to the website, the brand plans to come up with plenty more charitable products in the future.
"Offering one color allows us to keep our business practices lean and our visibility high early on," it says on the Lipslut website. "While we plan to offer a wide selection of shades soon, don't fret; we're certain it's impossible to look bad wearing something called 'F*ck Trump.'"
Whether you're looking to stock up on great lippies or make a makeup statement, this is the perfect product for you. I don't know about you, but I can't wait to see what Lipslut thinks up next!
Fender '72 Telecaster Deluxe Walnut Overviews by GAK
1972 was a magical year for the Telecaster guitar, which was then available in several new designs and with more options than ever before.
The '72 Telecaster Deluxe features many of those options, including an alder body, a C-shaped maple neck, bullet truss rod, '70s vintage hardtail strings-through Strat bridge, three-bolt neckplate, '70s Strat headstock, two Wide Range humbucking pickups, traditional three-way switching and four skirted amp knobs.
favorite
Adventurous guitarists started hot-rodding their Telecasters in the late '60s and early '70s with big-sounding humbucking pickups that lent new style and swagger to rock music. The Classic Series '72 Telecaster Deluxe brings it all back as an authentic evocation of its early-'70s ancestor, including dual F, a large pickguard, Stratocaster® headstock and bridge, cool skirted amp control knobs and more. Aof players from '70s rock to modern U.K. alt-rock and much more.Featuring a, "bullet" truss rod, three-bolt neck plate, Micro-Tilt™ and "large" Stratocaster headstock,frets, Dual Fender Wide Range humbucking pickups, Three-way toggle pickup switch on upper shoulder, Four skirted amp control knobs (volume and tone for each pickup), Vintage-style string-through-body Stratocaster hard-tail bridge.The Modern Wide Range humbucking pickups on this guitar expertly evoke the look of the famous Fender pickup design of the early 1970s, as used on original-era Telecaster Thinline, Telecaster Custom and Telecaster Deluxe models.For 1970s-era authenticity, this guitar features the "large" Stratocaster headstock adopted in 1965 and the "bullet" truss rod system introduced in 1971, when the body-end truss rod adjustment mechanism was changed to a bullet-shaped nut at the base of the headstock.This specialized '72 Telecaster model features the nicely authentic touch of sealed tuners stamped with the stylized capital "F" from the classic Fender script logo.
CLOSE Herm Edwards brought the energy to his first ASU Sun Devil's press conference on Monday. Video credit: Nate Kelly/azcentral.com Nate Kelly/azcentral sports
Arizona State University head football coach Herman Edwards takes questions from the media at Sun Devil Stadium on Monday. (Photo: Tom Tingle/azcentral sports)
New ASU football coach Herm Edwards joined the Tiki and Tierney Show on CBS Sports Radio and CBS Sports Network on Wednesday to talk about his hire at ASU and the news conference introducing his as the coach of the team.
Edwards had an exchange with a reporter during his news conference Monday that led some to question if he knew that ASU's mascot was the Sun Devils and Edwards addressed that question during the interview, saying that he definitely knows the school's nickname.
MORE: Jake Plummer, other ASU legends come to Herm Edwards' defense
RELATED: Herm Edwards blasted by media as Ray Anderson's pick | Fans, too
"Yes, are you kidding me? I got recruited from Arizona State," Edwards said. "Frank Kush recruited me (in the 1970s). Look, I knew Arizona State before half those people – whatever they were tweeting – they weren't even born (when I was getting recruited by Arizona State).”
The ASU coach addressed some other issues during the interview, including connecting with recruits after a long layoff from coaching in college.
“I question them this way," he said. "What are your dreams, what are your desires, and what are your ambitions as far as being a student-athlete? It's kind of interesting when you ask them that. Everyone's been asking about being a football player. I ask them those three questions right there. They look at you and I go, ‘You need to think about that. Because when you enter that campus, everyone's going to know you as a football player, but you're a student-athlete. You want to leave this campus well-equipped so if you don't become a pro football player, (then) in the real world, in life, you've done enough here and I've helped you with that to be well-equipped to deal with anything you have to deal with in life.'
“I'm going to tell them the truth, I'm an honest guy," Edwards said of talking to parents on the recruiting trail. "The thing that they'll realize is I'm the same guy on television when I walk in their living room. That's who I am. They'll understand that. I'm going to be honest about their son's skill, his athletic skill, and share with them the positive things about Arizona State in the classroom and the community and (about) our expectations. When he leaves there, he's going to graduate, he's going to be a well-rounded young man, he's going have leadership aspirations, and if he has the talent to play in the National Football League, he'll be well-equipped to do that as well. That's what I'm going to bring to the table. If they've watched me for the last nine years on television, my actions and my words match up. I've got an opportunity. And I'm going for it.”
You can listen to the complete Herm Edwards interview with the Tiki and Tierney Show on CBS Sports Radio and CBS Sports Network here.
RELATED: Edwards addresses ASU plan, coaching philosophy in column
RELATED: Readers weigh in on Herm Edwards' as ASU football coach
YOUR TAKE: Readers sound off on ASU's decision to fire Todd Graham
For more from The Heat Index, go to heatindex.azcentral.com.
Follow Jeremy Cluff on Twitter.
The Hunted the Mammoth Pledge Drive continues! If you haven't already, please consider sending some bucks my way. (The PayPal page will say you are donating to Man Boobz.) Thanks!
Several months back, you may recall, A Voice for Men's master chief chef Paul Elam launched what he claimed would be a weekly cooking column in order to share some of his highly masculine cooking expertise with the half-dozen Men Going Their Own Way who read his site.
Alas, after two columns blathering about the food truths the evil gynocracy is trying to suppress, he managed to post only one recipe for chili powder before abandoning the project and wandering off to yell at women on the internet. I guess we shouldn't complain too much, for as Elam has pointed out, yelling at women on the internet is the highest form of human rights activism.
But fear not, masculine food eaters! Men hoping to learn how to Go Their Own Way in the kitchen now have a new champion: AVFM's chief succubi monitor August Løvenskiolds, who has stepped up with a cooking column for manly men that if anything is even more manly than Elam's efforts in the genre.
First up, a recipe for chicken. As McLøvenskiolds points out, chicken is an inexpensive source of tasty protein, perfect for MGTOWers on a limited budget.
The MGTOW (Men Going Their Own Way) lifestyle, ideally, involves both a real-world withdrawal of men from women and a reduction in the large excess of productivity by men necessary to support the pampering of women through the state's taxation of men's natural high productivity. Men like me who choose this path may experience a decline in disposable income as we no longer strive to be the stripper pole of cash climbed by needy, seductive succubi eager to harvest us for our resources.
Eating chicken is a perfect way to put those nasty feminazis on notice. Indeed, you can pick up an entire family pack of frozen chicken breasts for “the price of buying some crazy feminist harpy two sour apple martinis.”
So how do you transform this frozen meat into tasty food? McLøvenskiolds starts out with this amazing recipe:
remove from freezer and wrapping, plop onto a pan and place into a 450 degree Fahrenheit (about 230 Celsius) oven for about an hour or less. While you are waiting, get on Twitter and give hell to any feminists you can find. At the end of an hour you will find a beautiful, tasty (if a little dry) roasted chicken breast.
While this recipe, along with veggies, cheap wine and dipping sauce, will provide you with a (slightly dry) eating experience that “Caesar would envy two thousand years ago,” McL goes above and beyond with a SECOND recipe for chicken breasts.
You may want to sit down, as this recipe has several steps to it beyond removing the chicken breast from the freezer and cooking it.
I force-thawed the still-bagged chicken breast in a small container under a leaky faucet dripping slowly on top of it. It took about 50 minutes to thaw. Two twitter feminists screamed and blocked me while I was waiting. I then preheated the oven to 400 degrees (about 205 Celsius).
Yes, that's right. You will be “force-thawing” the chicken breasts and preheating the oven AT THE SAME GODDAMN TIME. Take THAT, femiharpynazis!
After this, you cut open the breast and stuff it with garlic, butter and your herb of choice. And then bake it. Also, you can stuff the chicken with other things if you like. As McL points out, you don't need to get “affirmative consent” before stuffing the chicken.
Get it, get it? It's like you're raping the chicken! Because what kind of MGTOW recipe would this be without a rape joke?
A cheap, delicious meal – costing two to four bucks – and a nightmare for feminists. Living well is sweet revenge.
Sitting at home by yourself thinking evil thoughts about feminazis while eating a chicken breast that you stuck some stuff into is pretty much the dictionary definition of a life well-lived.
In any case, all this talk of food has inspired me to post a recipe of my own. I call it “Pistachio Surprise.”
Buy a bag of pistachios. Eat the pistachios.
Serves one.
Next week, I may share my recipes for leftover pizza and/or toast.
And while I'm at it, here are some delicious cheese recipes courtesy of Roz Chast.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Kolkata: There used to be an old saying among businesses in Kolkata: “dhan maat dikhao", which means your wealth shouldn't show. It dates back to the pre-1991 era of command economy, and evolved as one of the best practices of that time to fly under the radar of the tax authorities.
Even in a transformed economy in which wealth creation is much appreciated, some old wisdom, such as the one above, has not lost relevance.
Hours before demonetisation was announced on 8 November, the income tax (IT) department in Kolkata launched a probe into the operations of Anjali Jewellers Pvt. Ltd, a 25-year-old family owned enterprise, now a leading jewellery-maker in West Bengal.
“After closely tracking Anjali for years, it appeared to us that the company was expanding much faster than what its declared cash flow would permit," said a tax officer, who asked not to be identified. “There was some cash flow going into asset creation that the returns did not reflect."
Within days of starting the investigation, it was clear to the department that Anjali was struggling to reconcile its inventory with its books of accounts—there was more gold and jewellery lying in its stock than recorded in its books—and that the company bought “finished goods" from a clutch of vendors.
At the office of one such vendor, only a few hundred metres from the Aayakar Bhawan, which houses the tax department, in downtown Kolkata, tax sleuths stumbled upon ledgers. In them, every transaction with Anjali was neatly recorded with every detail—and for Anjali's comfort, one detail too many: cash returned to the company for every transaction.
It was immediately clear to the department that these were “bogus transactions", shown in Anjali's accounts to suppress profits, and all the “searching questions" about rapid asset creation were at once answered.
The department claimed Anjali had concealed at least Rs160 crore of income. Anjali disputed it, and after a few days of resistance, the company agreed to settle, admitting a tax liability of around Rs70 crore.
“As regards tax computations, we are legally analysing (the matter) and the process is on," Anargha Chowdhury, a director at Anjali, said in a statement. “We are cooperating with the department…it is improper to speculate on tax or income figures."
The probe into Anjali's operations also led the department to 26 other beneficiaries, according to officers. They had one common connection: the Dhanuka brothers, at whose Waterloo Street office the telltale ledgers were unearthed. When contacted, Sunil Dhanuka admitted to having worked with Anjali, but denied having served any other client.
For seasoned tax sleuths, it was a rather underwhelming investigation. “There was hardly any layering to cover the cash trail and even the ERP (enterprise resource planning) software was easy to crack," said the officer cited above.
Normally, when dealing with such bogus transactions, the department has to dissect through “layers and layers" of shell companies, or ones that do not have any legitimate business and are used only for tax rationalization and money laundering.
Chowdhury claimed in his statement that Anjali did not have any shell company. The department isn't alleging it does either.
But over the past two years, the department has identified around 16,000 shell companies based in Kolkata alone. Anjali had transactions with only a handful of them—all controlled by the same operator—a middle-aged chartered accountant, according to income tax officials.
Operators
Investigation shows this operator is in control of at least 322 companies, said one of the tax officers, but he is not on the board of any of them. He doesn't own any shares in these companies either.
The directors and shareholders of these shell companies are mere “name-lenders"—they sign on documents for a fixed fee.
The operators seek out people in distress to be appointed as directors. The tax department once came across an old lady who was supporting her husband's cancer treatment by signing on documents as a director of shell companies. Some, for sure, love the easy money.
In most cases, these directors are traceable. But even if the department gets to them, it doesn't help because they know nothing—not even the operator who employs them from behind several layers of proxies, said tax officials.
“The whole game is played through proxies, with layers and layers of them acting as smoke screen," said a tax officer, who claimed that he once had to dig through 51 layers in a single circuitous transaction—the maximum in his career—to identify the beneficiary.
A number of operators have been identified, each controlling hundreds of firms. But because they leave no fingerprint, the department can't do much to rout them from their trade.
Accommodation
The operators act like consultants, managing diverse needs of several clients at a time. And because the needs are different, they create so many companies.
To be sure, they create more than they need, and, according to the estimates of the department, only about half of the 16,000 companies identified as shell have been used. The others are ready, but have not been used yet, officers said.
The operators typically plan with 5-6 years in sight, always budgeting for some firms to be caught and mothballed, one of the officers said.
The main purpose of this elaborate operation, described by a leading Kolkata-based lawyer as “parallel banking", is “accommodation". For a substantial section of the economy, it is the key to efficient working capital management and tax rationalization, he said, asking not to be named.
For instance, a vast majority of real estate developers are known to “buy bogus invoices" to suppress profits. Often they end up holding a lot of cash in their hands, concealed from the tax authorities, and very little on their books to pursue new businesses.
When the accumulated cash needs to be brought back into the books, they approach the operator, said the lawyer. There are various ways to launder this cash and put it back into the books. One of the simplest and quickest ways—which may not lead to laundering—is to find a lender with legitimate funds on his books.
This person receives the cash from the builder, and in exchange makes an unsecured loan with proper documentation. The money is transferred through bank accounts and comes into the books of the builder as legitimate funds that can be deployed in business, according to the lawyer.
The loan is repaid over time from legitimate business income, and the cash returned to the builder—his need for temporary accommodation thus fulfilled. And the man with legitimate funds has in the process made some handsome gains, though perhaps in cash.
It's a huge market of people with legitimate cash and those with concealed income, all trying to maximize returns from their accumulated wealth while dodging the tax authorities. The operators' job is to pool the diverse resources in this market and provide win-win solutions for all stakeholders, said the lawyer.
And because the ecosystem is well evolved, transaction costs are low. The cost of accommodation could be as little as 3% of the amount in question, according to the lawyer.
Beneficiaries
Income tax officers, however, have a completely different view: they don't see this as any “benign mechanism" for tax-efficient management of working capital. They see this only as “unmitigated tax evasion by entrepreneurs who swindle funds from banks and shareholders" and by politicians. “At the root of all these shenanigans, are greed and unaccounted income," one of the officers said.
It is evident that banks will have to write down their loans to several steel and power companies, some by as much as 50%, said this officer. It is also clear that the cost of setting up certain new factories has far exceeded established benchmarks. Clearly, bank loans have been diverted from projects in many ways—false invoicing being the most common among them.
“How has this money wound back to the promoters?" he asked, adding that there are a lot of politicians' money as well stashed in benami and shell companies.
Calcutta Stock Exchange
The capital markets regulator last week imposed trading restrictions on 331 companies listed with stock exchanges after they were identified as shell, based on inputs of several agencies such as the income tax department and the Serious Fraud Investigation Office.
It was found that around 145 of these companies were registered in Kolkata.
Shares of several of these companies were once traded on the Calcutta Stock Exchange (CSE), which effectively collapsed after brokers defaulted in March 2001. The investigation that followed in the Rs120-crore payment shortfall exposed serious deficiencies in market surveillance.
Surveillance tightened, trading in frontline stocks shifted from CSE within months to the Mumbai-based bourses with better liquidity. Trading at CSE plummeted to a trickle, threatening its survival. Still, some shares continued to be traded only on CSE until in 2013 the securities market regulator ordered the exchange's trading platform to be wound up.
These were shares of so-called jama-kharchi companies, a variant of shell companies, which were used by stockbrokers and traders to rationalize their tax liabilities. Because these were illiquid stocks in which no one was interested, a clutch of traders could easily manipulate their prices through collusive trades.
Brokers would “buy losses" from trading in these shares to set off their short-term capital gains against such losses—another form of accommodation that CSE or the income tax department could not stamp out despite knowing that these were collusive trades aimed at reducing tax liabilities.
“Every year, we would be flooded with queries from the tax department," recalled one former CSE official from its surveillance team. Only if these trades could be expunged or the malfeasance behind them established, the department could lodge tax claims, this person said, asking not to be named. “Everyone knew what these brokers were up to, but how could you prove in a court of law that there was any foul play at all in the order matching?" he asked.
For the exchange, there was a bigger dilemma: trading in jama-kharchi companies was its only source of revenue post 2001. Stamping it out, if at all possible, would mean driving into sunset.
Needle in a haystack
In financial year 2008-09, the income tax department was alerted that a whopping Rs78 crore had been deposited into the account of one Kishan Sharma. It came in small bits into his account, and a matching amount transferred out the same day in even smaller bits to various accounts.
The department launched an investigation, but till this day, Sharma remains untraceable.
“Money sometimes travels faster than light," chuckled an officer who investigated Sharma. Digging into his KYC (know your customer) documents, the department found pictures on his PAN (permanent account number) card and electoral photo identity card were different and the address given in both couldn't have been his home.
Most surprisingly, no one at the bank could remember seeing Sharma; no one knew if he existed at all.
It was clear that the money that came into Sharma's account had been transferred through layers of shell companies to unknown beneficiaries. For closure, the department raised a tax claim of Rs26 crore against Sharma even though officers knew he was never going to be traced.
Similarly, one Arjun Sonkar sits on the board of at least 23 companies as director. He continues to sign cheques and other documents, but the department has given up chasing Sonkar. And because they are unable to trace and seize him for questioning, the department has not been able to make much headway into cash trails where Sonkar is a front.
Layers are created with the knowledge that the department is short-staffed, said officers. The whole idea is to make it humanly impossible to get to the bottom of most circuitous transactions. “Even our tools are dated," regretted one officer. “For instance, we don't have a tool that links every bank account with the same PAN."
The result: even with real time alerts, it is impossible for the department to keep pace with the movement of cash through intermediaries.
Epilogue
In the narrow alleys of Burrabazar, a wholesale market in central Kolkata, Ganesh Jhawar once had a thriving clientele. In the wake of demonetisation, business peaked, until one day this “cash operator" in his late thirties was rounded up by tax sleuths and hauled to the Aayakar Bhawan for questioning.
Even after three days of questioning, the department couldn't extract much from Jhawar. He was only a “cash operator" who collected cash hoards, often from unknown beneficiaries, and hid them in bank accounts. He knew little else.
Admitting collusion with bank officials, whom he would not name, Jhawar said, “demonetisation got me greedy. It was easy money. But it also taught me that I am not cut out for this game." Once caught, the trade distanced itself from him, said income tax officers. Jhawar, though, claimed he had given up on it.
A certain degree of fear has crept into the system, claimed tax officials, echoing Jhawar.
The reason: the massive crackdown post-demonetisation combined with deterrents introduced by the department lately such as hefty fines.
Post demonetisation, the department had considerable success in getting to cash hoarders because time was limited and even at the risk of being caught, they spun the money through a limited number of layers—two or three at best, according to officers.
There is palpable fear in the ecosystem now—transaction costs have gone up, but even by officers' own admission, it's only small change compared with what's at stake.
C.J. Anderson is reaping the benefits of his newfound success.
The Denver Broncos running back has guided the team to two straight victories, scoring three touchdowns along the way. He's a popular man in Denver, and he's quickly becoming a household name across the country.
So, it's only natural he'd take the next step into the spotlight with his own breakfast cereal, appropriately named "C.J.'s Mile High Crunch."
Check it out:
#Broncos CJ Anderson, as said last week, has his own cereal. Pretty cool for Undrafted free agent. @DenverChannel pic.twitter.com/55YvMJkCb5 — Troy Renck (@TroyRenck) September 19, 2016
Pretty cool, indeed.
For someone like Anderson, who's a big fan of cartoons (Sonic the Hedgehog, in particular), the cereal's design and concept is perfect. No need for Wheaties anymore.
The cereal will be available at local King Soopers stores. For the out-of-towners, you can purchase it online at PLBsports.com.
The top eight are set after four thrilling days of StarCraft II action. The WCS Global Finals will continue on Friday, the 4th of November, at BlizzCon. We are now left with four Protoss, two Zergs and two Terrans. Five Koreans, a US-American, a German, and a Pole. The bracket was drawn live on air following the deciding matches of the Group Stage and this is the result.
At first glance, two things immediately stand out. First, Europe is guaranteed a representative in the Semifinals, with ShoWTimE facing off against Elazer. Second, the lower bracket is an all-Korean showdown. How will this draw play out? Who benefits from it? We have all the answers for you right here.
ShoWTimE is easily the biggest winner of this entire tournament so far. Sweeping his group 4-0 with victories over two GSL Champions, Dear and ByuN, he is looking in fantastic form. All around the globe, fans were wondering how so-called foreigners would fare against the toughest Korean opposition, and it is ShoWTimE who has put in the most impressive performance. He displayed rock solid defense macro against Dear in PvP, while it was his decisive decision-making that let him take out ByuN. It was two top-class showings that deserved the 4-0 scoreline he secured the group win with. Most importantly, it has earned him an advantageous seed, and the resulting draw has arguably been kind to him. Elazer poses a different challenge due to him playing Zerg as opposed to ShoWTimE's opponents in his group, but it would be hard to argue that he is the strongest player left in the field. ShoWTimE could have been drawn against Stats, Dark or Neeb—all more accomplished players than Elazer. A Semifinals appearance for the German Protoss is definitely a reasonable prospect.
It cannot be overlooked, however, just how impressive Elazer's group stage performance was. Most spectators probably did not expect him to survive until Day 4, let alone advance from his group. Solar, TY and Nerchio are extremely tough adversaries and all in good form. But as we learned this past week, so is Elazer. He made his preparation count by upsetting the reigning Starleague Champion Solar, initiating his elimination from the tournament, and then convincingly disposing of his countryman Nerchio. His play was not entirely without flaws, as evidenced by his loss to TY, but he showed composure when it mattered and executed his plans very well. His run to the Quarterfinals earns him a paycheck unlike any he's received in his entire career thus far.
Their match should be an exciting one for European fans, especially, but an interesting one for any StarCraft fan. Neither ShoWTimE nor Elazer has had to play the PvZ matchup in their groups, and they are now given a week to prepare for their specific opponents. The last time they met, on October 8th, Elazer swept the series 3-0. ShoWTimE will have learned from that loss, however, and will only be more knowledgeable about Elazer's preferred style of play against Protoss. At the same time, Elazer can look to the recent past for confidence and continue building on his previous success against ShoWTimE. Expect a series loaded with strategic depth between two players who know each other very well.
After advancing from his group in second place on Sunday, Neeblet was asked about the prospect of facing Dark and gave an interesting answer. Even though a lot of viewers consider Dark a big tournament favorite, Neeblet claimed he was not particularly scared of him and instead highlighted the other two possible draws (ShoWTimE and TY) instead. As was destined, Neeb was promptly drawn against Dark.
Neeblet has, so far, looked very impressive at the Global Finals, but some questions are still unanswered. At KeSPA Cup, he relied heavily on his masterful PvP to take him all the way to the championship. Here, he has only played the mirror matchup so far. Neeblet's PvZ is largely untested. Even at KeSPA Cup, the player who gave him the most trouble by far was the Zerg Pet, who turned to aggressive openings to counter Neeblet's relatively predictable PvZ. And despite declaring Dark ‘not all that scary', there is no denying that Dark is a much stronger player than Pet. If Neeblet allows himself to be caught off guard as he was against Pet, Dark will have little trouble with him, despite the confidence Neeblet may have against him in standard games. There is no doubt that Dark will have seen and studied Neeblet's preferred PvZ builds—the standard Dark Templar or Archon drop, as well as fast Resonating Glaives to harass a Zerg early. He will produce his own way of countering these strategies, and Neeblet will have to prepare extensively to shore up the defensive weaknesses Pet exploited so handily at KeSPA Cup. But he appears to be confident, which indicates that he has a good grip on how Dark approaches the matchup. The onus is now on Neeblet to perform to his own expectations.
Dark, however, has just as much reason to be happy about this draw. Elazer had just defeated Nerchio with excellent ZvZ, and the prospect of facing ByuN would not have thrilled Dark either. Instead, he has a week's time to prepare for Neeblet, a player who frequently competes in online tournaments. There will be a lot of games for Dark to find and draw analysis from. Dark already defeated two Protoss opponents in his group, so he will already have practiced for the matchup in general—and he will be confident going forward, knowing that he was good enough to overcome PtitDrogo and Stats. Dark entered the tournament at #1 in our Power Rank, and so far he has performed to that standard. Now the true tests will come, though. The sentiment in the community appears to be that his chances at reaching the Grand Finals are high, given the bracket he was drawn into. If he defeats Neeb in the Quarterfinals, he eliminates arguably the strongest opponent on his way there. If not, we will have a foreigner guaranteed in the Grand Finals—an exciting prospect to say the least.
It simply had to happen. Two Terrans entered the tournament, two Terrans advanced to the top eight—and two Terrans were drawn against one another. That unfortunately means certain elimination for one of them, but at the same time guarantees a Terran representative in the Semifinals. It's a bitter-sweet pill to swallow for Terran enthusiasts, but at least they can look forward to a TvT mirror played at the absolute highest level in the world.
TY should enter the series as a slight favorite after topping his group. His TvT throughout the year has been nothing short of excellent, and his recent form leaves little to be desired. TY is a scary player, one that seems to have no definitive weaknesses, but a plethora of strengths. He uses different strategies equally well, never misses a beat with his mechanics, and his multitasking is second to none. On top of that, his Proleague history is evidence of his craftsmanship of intelligent builds designed specifically to abuse a certain player or map. His dismantling of Dream and Cure in GSL Season 1 shows that he is absolutely no stranger to the TvT matchup either. In fact, his most recent TvTs in the WESG Qualifiers in October saw him 3-0 INnoVation and defeat GuMiho 2-1. TY has little going against him. But neither does his opponent.
ByuN has a scary task ahead of him, against a player in top form; someone who is well versed at the matchup. But he himself is a top class player as well, having just won the recent GSL Season 2. His defeat against ShoWTimE in the Group Stage may have been surprising, but it was entirely justified by how well ShoWTimE played that series. ByuN was back to his best on Sunday, easily beating Dear to book his ticket to Anaheim. What awaits him now is a battle of wits, strategy, positioning, and multitasking. TvT is a highly stressful matchup in Legacy of the Void, with Siege Tank lines constantly being relocated. Every inch of the map can be contested, every positional advantage fought over. But there is also the potential for a game to swing heavily in either player's favor through the opening builds chosen. This is the game ByuN will have to beat TY in. That means deep analysis of TY's preferred strategic choices, as well as refinement of his own play to avoid being outdone in any way by his opponent. But ByuN, the man who won a GSL all on his own, will certainly know how to prepare himself for one of the biggest matches of his career.
This last match is one neither player will be happy with at all. Not only are both faced with an incredibly tough bracket, they also have to go through at least one team-kill to advance. Zest and Stats have practiced and lived together for years and know each other inside out. Zest seems to have found his stride again and looks like a hot contender to take home the World Championship, but Stats leads their head-to-head record. These factors, as well as the extreme stress and volatility of PvP considered, make this match the hardest to predict in the Quarterfinals.
Before the Global Finals began, we were unsure as to how good Zest was. His GSL Season 1 championship was dominant, but he had taken some questionable losses since. But he appears to have ironed out the flaws in his play just in time. He was quite convincing against TRUE, despite being caught off guard in their second game, and he was even more impressive against Neeblet. The American who had just beaten him in KeSPA Cup was outdone by Zest's sharp timing attacks and intelligent transitions. Zest dealt Neeblet his first PvP series loss since August, an impressive feat all by itself. He appeared confident in the later stages of PvP and was not afraid to fall back to a very aggressive build in the deciding game. That confidence and killer instinct make Zest an extremely scary player to face off against. Having already practiced PvP extensively for his group, Zest may hold a small advantage over Stats here.
Their last and only meeting in Legacy of the Void went in Stats' favor, however. At the Korean Cross Finals, he eliminated Zest with a 3-1 score. That should give Stats plenty of belief in his own abilities; his PvP has been counted among the very best in the world for a long time now. There is just as much reason for Stats to advance as there is for Zest. Stats is a rock solid player with very few mistakes in his play. He is decisive and intelligent. But that is not what this series will boil down to. Every match we have seen between these two players in the past was riddled with mindgames and psychological warfare, both trying to outsmart the other, afraid to be too predictable against an opponent that knows their preferences so well. That's why neither player will be happy about their Quarterfinal draw. Not only will they face the scariest possible opposition, they will also have to eliminate a good friend and team-mate to advance. But don't expect that to stop either of them. Zest and Stats both have their eyes set on the trophy, and they will give it their absolute best. We should be in for a real treat.
Former CIA director John Brennan testifies before the House Intelligence Committee in May. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
An aspiring hacker who harassed the CIA director and the national intelligence director, among others, in 2015 was sentenced Friday to five years in federal prison.
Justin Liverman, 23, was part of a collective dubbed "Crackas With Attitude" that exposed the private online accounts of several top law enforcement officials, including then-CIA chief John Brennan and James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence at the time.
It was a British teenager, known as "Cracka," who actually broke into those accounts by impersonating the officials or employees of their service providers. Liverman and Andrew Otto Boggs, also 23, encouraged Cracka's exploits and used the exposed information to bedevil the victims.
"These are no pranks," Judge Gerald Bruce Lee said in sentencing Liverman on Friday in federal court in Alexandria, Va. "This computer hacking, Crackas With Attitude, caused chaos. Your intent was clear, and that was to wreak havoc."
It was particularly "despicable," Lee added, that Liverman harassed the spouses and threatened the children of several targets.
Liverman, of North Carolina, chose some of the victims and drove the harassment campaigns against them. He paid for an hourly, month-long "phonebombing" campaign leaving threatening and explicit messages for former FBI deputy director Mark Giuliano. Liverman also texted Giuliano's phone, asking about his "slut wife" and warning that he would "keep a close eye on your family, especially your son!"
Giuliano and other victims are not named in court papers, but their identities have been confirmed by officials familiar with the details of the case.
Through Giuliano's credentials, Cracka got into the Law Enforcement Enterprise Portal, a computer system that gives agencies around the world access to unclassified but sensitive law enforcement information. Liverman requested personal details on Miami police officers, which he then posted online.
According to Liverman's attorneys, Boggs was directly involved in breaking into the law enforcement databases and exposing the personal information of 20,000 people.
Liverman also encouraged Cracka to call in a bomb threat to the Palm Beach County, Fla., sheriff's office, saying, "Hopefully they will have a shootout and kill each other," according to court records.
Other victims include Amy Hess, at the time the FBI executive assistant director for science and technology; Gregory Mecher, who is married to then-White House Communications Director Jen Psaki; and Harold Rosenbaum, chief executive of CIA contractor Centra Technology.
In January 2016, Liverman claimed to have compromised NASA computer systems and gotten access to sensitive flight and employee details. The space agency spent $41,300 to figure out that all of the data exposed on Liverman's Twitter account was fake or already publicly available.
Liverman said he thought at the time he was helping expose weaknesses in the private security of figures who guard the nation's secrets, according to the court filings, as well as taking a stand against government overreach.
"I thought what I was doing was right in terms of political justice," he said in court Friday. "But two years later, I realize I was completely wrong."
Boggs and Liverman pleaded guilty earlier this year. Boggs was sentenced to two years in prison in June. Cracka is being prosecuted in Britain.
Attorneys for Liverman argued that their client showed a conscience by redacting some personal information before sending stolen emails to WikiLeaks.
He was taking too much of the steroid prednisone, attorney Jay Leiderman said in court, and lacked social skills or many real-life friends.
Referencing the HBO show "Westworld," Leiderman suggested Liverman was on a journey to maturity. "He is traveling that maze," Leiderman said. "He's coming towards the center of the maze. He's coming towards self-actualization."
A computer science student, he said he hopes after his release to become a security auditor who will protect against "black hats like myself."
Ellen Nakashima contributed to this report.
What a weird, weird scene this must have been. Saturday night the Nassau Coliseum, just days after learning it would soon lose the Islanders, played host to some kind of electronic music concert called "Haunted Coliseum" and people—"teens"—went crazy. Depending on which report you read, anywhere from 50 to 100 people were hospitalized for being ill or drunk or for having overdosed on something.
A Halloween-themed dance party at the Nassau Coliseum turned into a horror show when at least 50 underage revelers were hospitalized for booze and drug use, sources said. The massive event, called the Haunted Coliseum, attracted thousands. It was shut down early after someone reported a sick teen at around 9:50 p.m., sources said. The DJ's screeched to a halt when dozens of police cars and ambulances rushed to the scene, sources said. Responders found dozens of young people passing out and throwing up, sources added.
Advertisement
IslandersPointBlank has more details, some coming from alleged attendees. The concert goers blame most of the chaos on the lack of security presence. According to one commenter she saw:
at least 11 ambulances, 3 firetrucks, and a countless number of cop cars lined the building, followed by a low flying helicopter overhead, as well as police on horseback. The major downfall of this event was the extreme lack of security at the doors and inside the concert. In case your wondering the most disturbing thing I had to witness last night; it was probably the two young teenagers having public sex on the dance floor. That pretty much sums it up.
That public sexing probably had something to do with all the ecstasy they were chowing down. Not to mention all the booze.
Newsday on the substance use; "Molly and ecstasy were two drugs that witnesses noticed being used as well as alcohol disguised in bottles of Gatorade."
Advertisement
That's all well and good—you put teenagers, booze, drugs and bass-pumping music in the same room and you're asking for some sloppy sexy times—but what the hell was that guy doing landing a helicopter at the Coliseum? According to Fox, the civilian pilot (i.e. not an EMS-related chopper) had to abort his initial landing because people were in the area and then, just went ahead and landed it anyway, "despite at least 20 people being in the area."
Image via
What the Heck Happened at the ‘Haunted Coliseum' Concert Last Night? (UPDATES) [IslandersPointBlank]
Chaos at event at Nassau Coliseum [FOX]
Dozens of teens fall ill at LI rave [NY Post]
High school students in Winnipeg School Division could get a little extra time to sleep.
The school division will vote on a motion to research the impacts that a later start time could have on students, staff and parents.
Cathy Collins, trustee for WSD Ward 6, read a notice of the motion at Monday night's school board meeting.
She says she's heard about a lot of recent research showing that high school students aren't getting enough sleep, which is impacting their capacity to learn.
"There's more interest now in brain development, so that's where this research comes from. I've heard this discussion on and off over the years, and I thought, maybe it was time to talk about it as a way to improving their learning," Collins told CBC News.
The motion calls on the administration to prepare a report on the advantages and disadvantages of implementing a later start time for high schools. It also calls for a survey of parents of high school students to gauge their interest.
The results would then be passed on to the division's policy/program committee for review.
Collins says she doesn't know what the new start time could be, and that this is just one way of starting the discussion.
The division has to consider possible impacts on students' lives outside of school, including work and extracurricular activities, as well as impacts on staff and costs, Collins said.
"I think it would make it easier for teaching them, they would get more out of it, then we would have greater success with our students," she said.
Research suggests benefits for teens
The push for later start times is relatively new in Canada, but follows a wave of international research suggesting that high school students naturally sleep differently from adults and younger children, falling asleep and waking up later than others, and that teens perform better when given extra time in the morning to sleep.
Numerous studies in the United States and Europe have found evidence of pervasive sleep deprivation among teens, which has been linked to challenges with everything from academic performance to obesity to mental illness.
In 2016, a team of researchers from McGill University published a report in the Journal of Sleep Research, which suggested that study participants aged 10 to 18 got an additional three minutes of sleep for every 10-minute delay in their school start time, and that those extra minutes bring the school day more in line with their biological clocks.
In the last few months, school divisions in other Canadian cities have considered similar changes. Last month, the Thames Valley District School Board in London, Ont. released a report that said six of London's 27 high schools were interested in a pilot project to test later start times.
The Greater Essex County District School Board in Windsor, Ont. and the Keewatin-Patricia District School Board in northwestern Ontario have have also recently looked into later start times for high school students.
The board will vote on the motion at its next meeting on Jan. 15.
AUSTRALIAN goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer has emphatically ruled out playing in the A-League, saying it hasn't worked out for many Socceroos who have returned from overseas.
As Socceroos teammate Harry Kewell continues to contemplate a move home, Schwarzer sounded a cautionary note to Australian players looking to wind down their careers in the domestic competition.
He believes the A-League hasn't been kind to his contemporaries who have returned to Australia from Europe.
Schwarzer cited the example of World Cup qualifying hero John Aloisi, who was turned on by Sydney FC fans during his stay there.
"I have seen too many players go back home and it has not worked out," Schwarzer told Football+ magazine.
"The biggest example is John Aloisi, and how he was treated so badly by people.
"You are up there to be shot down very, very quickly.
"I don't want to give anyone the opportunity to do that to me."
Schwarzer, who turns 39 soon, believes the A-League is clearly "a step down" from Europe and he had no interest in winding down his career in the near future.
"The truth is returning from Europe it is a step down, and I don't want to be in that situation," Schwarzer said.
The Fulham keeper was keen to finish his career in England - and the Premier League if possible.
And he remains adamant he can continue as the Socceroos' No.1 goalkeeper until the 2014 World Cup, when he would be almost 42.
"There's no easing up, no way, forget about it. I'm sticking around for a while yet," he said.
"What motivates me is the 2014 World Cup. I want to play in it - that's my dream.
"I will be 41, so I think I can make it happen. I am fully determined to keep playing and get there.
"All the conversations I have had with the national coach so far indicate he wants me fully involved and to continue to play."
GT County School Sees Outbreak in Whooping Cough
The Health Department in Grand Traverse County is investigating an outbreak of whooping cough, or pertussis, at Grand Traverse Academy.
The outbreak affects numerous grades at the school.
The health department says there are six confirmed and 12 suspected cases. There are also students at the school showing symptoms who are being evaluated.
It recommends household and close contacts of these cases receive prophylactic antibiotics regardless of immunization status.
Transmission occurs from close contact with those infected. Early symptoms of whooping cough which can last one to two weeks include runny nose, low-grade fever, and mild, occasional cough.
Whooping cough can cause violent and rapid coughing until the air is gone from the lungs and the person is forced to inhale with a loud “whooping” sound.
To help prevent the spread of whooping cough, wash hands frequently, cover nose and mouth when coughing, stay at home when sick and contact your health care provider if you have a prolonged or severe cough.
It is important to for children and adults to be up-to-date on immunizations. Booster shots for whooping cough are critical because a vaccine is not a lifeline immunity.
The Center for Disease Control and Prevention have details on whooping cough here.
Comments
comments
Raiders will tarp top of Mount Davis RAIDERS
Last season, the Raiders used the NFL's "85 percent rule," which allowed them to declare a sellout if 85 percent of their non-suite tickets were sold by Thursdays, and some 2-for-1 ticket deals to help sell games out and prevent local television blackouts.
This year, the team will use a new tool to aid those efforts - a black tarp covering roughly 11,000 seats at O.co Coliseum.
The new capacity of O.co will be 53,250 (down from 64,200) with the high east-side third deck being tarped off for Raiders home games, the team announced Wednesday.
The Coliseum will now have the smallest capacity in the NFL, by a good deal. Chicago's Soldier Field previously owned the smallest capacity at 61,500.
Roughly 4,850 Raiders fans are being moved to the lower west-side third deck, according to Raiders chief executive Amy Trask. All third-deck seat prices have been reduced to $250 for season-ticket holders.
That's down $10 for fans moving from the east-side high-rise structure known as "Mount Davis" to as much as down $360 for fans who have seats near the 50-yard line in the third deck (who were paying $610 per ticket). The Raiders are trying to make the relocation process fan-friendly for those moving and for those fans who already were on the west side.
The east-side third deck of 'Mount Davis' (top right) will be tarped, covering roughly 11,000 seats. The east-side third deck of 'Mount Davis' (top right) will be tarped, covering roughly 11,000 seats. Photo: Aaron Kehoe, Associated Press Photo: Aaron Kehoe, Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Raiders will tarp top of Mount Davis 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
(Everybody seated elsewhere gets $10 off last year's season-ticket price.)
The goal, Trask said, is to sell out the stadium with season tickets and "that all the fans walk away from this process feeling terrific."
"It's an ongoing commitment on our part to create a vibrant, vibrant game-day environment with a community of season-ticket holders," Trask said. And "we want to continue to provide the entire region with our games live locally on television."
The Raiders cannot reopen the "Mount Davis" and other east-side third-deck seats once they have been designated to be tarped off, per a league rule. Even if Oakland made the playoffs next season.
The's have tarped off sections of the third deck since 2006 and now have a capacity of roughly 34,000.
Last year, the Raiders were able to sell out seven of the eight regular-season home games (plus one of the two preseason games). But since 1995, the team has televised 64 home games and been forced to black out 80 games.
Meanwhile, Trask said, all efforts remain focused on getting a new stadium built at the current site. "We love our site," Trask said.
The Raiders have had no recent discussions with the 49ers on sharing the Santa Clara stadium that's under construction, Trask said. But "we have not closed the door," she added.
Trask was asked if there had been any talks on a new stadium with Los Angeles officials and she said "the current site is the focus."
"We love the site on which we play," she said. "It is centrally located in the Northern California and Bay Area region. It is right on a major thoroughfare. It's got better ingress and egress than most public facilities in California. And, it has the best public transportation of any stadium in the National Football League.
"I think it's fair to note that of all the sports tenants on the complex, we are the one sports tenant that keeps saying, 'We want to stay.' "
The Raiders have another meeting with Oakland and Alameda County representatives about a possible new stadium and "Coliseum City" next week.
The team's lease at O.co Coliseum expires at the end of next season. There is nothing new on that front, Trask said.
50 Best TV Shows on Netflix: Once Upon a Time! by Bryce Olin
Once Upon a Time fans! This one is for you!
Nearly five months after the Season 4 finale, Once Upon a Time Season 4 is finally on Netflix.
In late July, Netflix made the announcement that Once Upon a Time would be joining Netflix in August. Then, they made fans wait nearly five more weeks before actually releasing the series. That's all water under the bridge now, though, because Once Upon a Time is now on Netflix!
It's interesting, though, because some ABC shows, including Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Scandal, and a few others were released on Netflix exactly one month after their respective seasons ended on ABC. Apparently, Once Upon a Time wasn't part of that deal between Netflix and ABC.
Once Upon a Time also just joined our ranking of the 50 Best TV Shows on Netflix and the 50 Best TV Dramas on Netflix!
For those who don't know, Once Upon a Time was created by Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis. The series is set in a fictional town of Storybrooke, Maine, where fairy tale characters come to life and have their memories erased by an evil witch, who is actually the mayor of the town.
Once Upon a Time stars Ginnifer Goodwin, Jennifer Morrison, Lana Parrilla, Josh Dallas, and Jared S. Gilmore.
During its four-year run on ABC, Once Upon a Time has become one of the more popular shows on TV. Ratings slipped a little during the fourth season, but Once Upon a Time has some momentum heading into Season 5 and should bounce back nicely after a solid summer at San Diego Comic-Con.
Twenty foreign hostages have been killed at a cafe in the Bangladeshi capital, the army has said, in an attack claimed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) group that ended after a 10-hour siege when commandos stormed the building.
Nine Italians, an American, seven Japanese and an Indian were confirmed on Saturday to be among the dead.
"Most [of] them had been brutally hacked to death with sharp weapons," army spokesman Brigadier General Nayeem Ashfaq Chowdhury said on Saturday.
Italy's foreign minister said on Saturday that one more Italian citizen was still unaccounted for.
He "could be hiding himself or could be among wounded people ... we are looking for him," Paolo Gentiloni, the Italian foreign minister, said.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina earlier said that 13 hostages had been rescued. Hasina said six gunmen had been killed and one captured in the early morning operation at the Holey Artisan Bakery, a cafe in Dhaka.
The rescued included two Sri Lankans and a Japanese citizen who was wounded, Lieutenant Colonel Tuhin Mohammad Masud said, adding there were casualties among the other hostages.
Bangladesh declared two days of national mourning following the attack.
IN PICTURES: Hostage drama in Bangladesh
"We have gunned down at least six terrorists and the main building is cleared," Masud told the Associated Press news agency.
Al Jazeera's Tanvir Chowdhury, reporting from Dhaka, said that the cafe was located in one of the most heavily policed parts of the capital, home to several embassies and popular with foreigners.
"In order to get in here you have to pass through a lot of police checkpoints. It's a highly cordoned-off area," Chowdhury said.
"So there's going to be a serious question raised: How did they manage to get in there with arms and ammunition, possibly even bombs and hand grenades?"
'Dead foreigners'
The crisis began at about 9pm local time, police said, when a group of gunmen bursts into the cafe, which is popular with foreigners, young people, and middle class Bangladeshis.
During the siege, ISIL posted photos of what it said were dead foreigners in the cafe, where police believed the gunmen were holed up armed with assault rifles and grenades.
According to Rezaul Karim, the father of a witness, Hasnat, the gunmen asked everyone inside to recite from the Quran - the Islamic holy book.
"Those who recited were spared. The gunmen even gave them meals last night," he said. The others, he said, "were tortured".
Gowher Rizvi, an adviser to Prime Minister Hasina, told the Reuters news agency that security forces had initially tried to negotiate a way out of the crisis.
WATCH: Does Bangladesh have an ISIL problem?
Violence has spiked in Bangladesh in the past 18 months with a spate of attacks, often using machetes, against individuals including liberals, gays, foreigners and members of religious minorities.
ISIL, which is also known as ISIS, and al-Qaeda claimed many of those killings but the government denied their involvement and instead pointed the finger at local groups. "The Bangladesh government continues to deny that ISIL could have any connection or presence in Bangladesh, so if ISIL wants to make a statement that 'we are in Bangladesh and are with influence and impact' then this is probably their perfect opportunity," Talha Ahmed, a commentator on Bangladeshi affairs, told Al Jazeera. Earlier on Friday, a Hindu priest was hacked to death at a temple in Jhinaidah district, 300km southwest of Dhaka.
READ MORE: Extremism and a shrinking space for dissent
Rizvi said that the hostage crisis began when local security guards in the diplomatic enclave noticed several gunmen outside a medical centre.
When the guards approached, the gunmen ran into the restaurant, which was packed with people waiting for tables, he said.
An employee who escaped told local television about 20 customers were in the restaurant at the time, most of them foreigners. The restaurant has a seating capacity of about 25 people.
Some 15 to 20 staff were working there at the time, the employee said.
A police officer at the scene said that when security forces tried to enter the premises at the beginning of the siege they were met with a hail of bullets and grenades.
Television footage showed a number of police being quickly led away from the site by police with blood spattered on their faces and clothes.
Their numbers were predicted as ready to explode cataclysmically. Social scientists like James A. Fox, a criminologist, warned of “a blood bath of violence” that could soon wash over the land. That fear, verging on panic, is the subject of this week's segment of Retro Report, a series of video documentaries that examine major news stories from years ago and explore what has happened since.
What happened with the superpredator jeremiads is that they proved to be nonsense. They were based on a notion that there would be hordes upon hordes of depraved teenagers resorting to unspeakable brutality, not tethered by conscience. No one in the mid-1990s promoted this theory with greater zeal, or with broader acceptance, than John J. DiIulio Jr., then a political scientist at Princeton. Chaos was upon us, Mr. DiIulio proclaimed back then in scholarly articles and television interviews. The demographics, he said, were inexorable. Politicians from both major parties, though more so on the right, picked up the cry. Many news organizations pounced on these sensational predictions and ran with them like a punt returner finding daylight.
But a funny thing happened on the way to the apocalypse. Instead of exploding, violence by children sharply declined. Murders committed by those ages 10 to 17 fell by roughly two-thirds from 1994 to 2011, according to statistics kept by the Justice Department's Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention. Mugged by reality, a chastened Mr. DiIulio has offered a mea culpa. “Demography,” he says, “is not fate.” The trouble with his superpredator forecast, he told Retro Report, is that “once it was out there, there was no reeling it in.”
It certainly had consequences. It energized a movement, as one state after another enacted laws making it possible to try children as young as 13 or 14 as adults. (New York had such a law even earlier, and it is now being applied to Kahton Anderson.) Many hundreds of juveniles were sent to prison for life, though in the last few years the United States Supreme Court has ruled that such sentences must not be automatic, even in murder cases. Individual circumstances and possible mitigating factors should be weighed, the justices said.
Inescapably, superpredator dread had a racial component. What the doomsayers focused on, in the main, were young male African-Americans. For Steven A. Drizin, a law professor at Northwestern University writing for The Huffington Post last September, the deep-seated fear that any black teenager in a hoodie must be up to no good was essentially what got Trayvon Martin killed in Florida two years ago.
During a state of emergency, Floridians can practice concealed carry - permit or not. Photo source: MGN Image License:Cropped Photo: Alien Gear Holsters / Facebook
A piece of legislation passed in 2015 allows Floridians who own firearms are allowed to practice concealed carry during a state of emergency.
Even in the case that they do not have a concealed carry permit.
READ THE BILL HERE
Governor Rick Scott declared a state of emergency on Monday and many evacuations are already underway.
The path of Hurricane Matthew is expected to hit Florida sometime Friday afternoon.
The exemption applies for 48 hours after an evacuation is ordered and can be extended as needed by the governor.
President of the Unified Sportsmen of Florida and past president of the National Rifle Association, Marion Hammer expressed her support for the bill, SB 290.
“When you're ordered to evacuate – to take your kids, your dog and valuables and flee – the last thing you should leave behind is your gun,” Hammer told Guns.com.
A dauce egre PERIOD: England, 14th century | SOURCE: Utilis Coquinario | CLASS: Authentic DESCRIPTION: Fish in a sweet and sour sauce ORIGINAL RECEIPT: 17. A dauce egre. Tak luces or tenches or fresch haddok, & seth hem & frye hem in oyle doliue. & þan tak vynegre & þe thridde part sugre & onyounnes smal myced, & boyle alle togedere, & maces & clowes & quybibes. & ley þe fisch in disches & hyld þe sew aboue & serue it forth. - Hieatt, Constance B. and Sharon Butler. Curye on Inglish: English Culinary Manuscripts of the Fourteenth-Century (Including the Forme of Cury). New York: for The Early English Text Society by the Oxford University Press, 1985. GODE COOKERY TRANSLATION: A sweet and sour fish. Take luces or tenches or fresh haddock, & boil them & frye them in olive oil. & then take vinegar & the third part sugar & onions small minced, & boil alle together, & maces & cloves & cubebs. & lay the fish in dishes & hold the sauce above & serve it forth. MODERN RECIPE: Fresh fish, either whole or in fillets (see note below), enough to feed 2-3 people
olive oil
2 cups red wine vinegar
1/3 cup sugar (approx.)
1 medium sized onion, minced
1/2 tsp. each mace & cloves
1 tsp. ground cubeb or black pepper Poach the fish until just done; remove from water and allow draining well. In a sauce pan, combine the red wine vinegar, sugar, onions & spices. Taste for sweetness and flavor and adjust accordingly - you are making a sweet and sour sauce, so try to attain a proper balance between vinegar & sugar. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium. Continue cooking until the onions are thoroughly soft. In a frying pan, heat a little olive oil. Fry the fish on both sides in the hot oil until a crispy light brown. Remove from the oil and drain. Place the fish in a serving platter and ladle the sauce on top. Serves 2-3. The fish needs to be fresh and either whole (but cleaned & gutted), in fillets, or in "steaks." Haddock will almost certainly be easier for most to people to find than "luces or tenches," but feel free to use any fish available to you. Metric, Celsius, & Gas Mark Equivalencies
On iOS, you can activate Siri by saying “Hey Siri.” Vocal activation isn't available on macOS Sierra through the Siri system preferences, but as Jdcampbell on Reddit points out, it can be done through Sierra's Accessibility system preference.
Essentially, you use dictation to activate the keyboard shortcut for Siri. The default Siri keyboard command in Sierra is to hold down the Command and Space buttons. You need to change this because the Accessibility feature doesn't have a way to hold down a keyboard combination.
Change the Siri keyboard shortcut
To change your Siri keyboard command, follow these steps.
Open the Siri system preference (Apple menu > System Preferences). Look for Keyboard Shortcut in the main window. Click on the pop-up menu. There are two Hold keyboard combinations that you don't want to use. Apple also offers Press Function Space as an option, but you can't use it, either. Create a custom shortcut by selecting Customize and then pressing the keys you want to use.
Create a Dictation Command to activate Siri Now that you have your keyboard shortcut in place, here are the steps to perform to make “Hey Siri” work on your Mac. In System Preferences (Apple menu > System Preferences), click on the Keyboard icon. Click on the Dictation tab. If nothing happens, click on another tab, then click Dictation again. Look for the setting called Dictation. Turn it on. Select Use Enhanced Dictation. You may have to perform a download that allows for offline use. If you have multiple microphones, you can select the one you want to use by clicking the pop-up menu under the microphone icon. You can also change the language. Now click the Show All icon at the top of the window (the one with the grid of dots) and then click on the Accessibility icon. (You can also selct View in the menu bar and select Accessibility.) In the left column of the Accessibility system preference, scroll down until you find Dictation and select it. Check the box for “Enable the dictation keyword phrase” and you'll see that the word Computer appears in the long box. Replace it with Hey. Click the Dictation Commands Button. An overlay window appears with a Selection list in the left column. Below that is a box for “Enable advanced commands.” Check it. Click the + button. This will allow you to create a custom command. Enter the following:
When I say : Siri
: Siri While using : Any application
: Any application Perform: From the pop-up menu, select Press Keyboard Shortcut. The entry box will show “Press keys now” in light gray. Press the keyboard shortcut you use for Siri. In this example, I use Control-Space.
If you press the keyboard shortcut and Siri shows up instead of registering in the entry box, make sure the Accessibility window is active by clicking anywhere on the window.
Click Done.
Customize the vocal command
Now when you say “Hey Siri” to you Mac, a Siri window will open. And if you have your iPhone nearby, Siri will show up on your iPhone, too. You can remedy this by changing the dictation keyword phrase with your own word, like “Hello.”
You can go a step further and change the When I say entry from “Siri” to anything you want in step 10 of the instructions above. For example, I changed the dictation keyword phrase to “Chittychitty” and the When I say entry to “bangbang.” This is what happens:
Remember, this requires dictation to be activated on your Mac. It should activate if you restart your Mac, but if you can't figure out why Siri isn't responding, check the Dictation settings in the Keyboard system preference.
(Breitbart) — In his message for the “World Day of Prayer for the Care of Creation” Thursday, Jorge Bergoglio, who also goes by the name of “Pope Francis” as head of Roman Catholicism, said that human-induced global warming, as well as a loss of biodiversity are “sins” against God, which must be atoned for by planting trees, avoiding the use of plastic and paper and “separating refuse.”
“Global warming continues, due in part to human activity,” Francis said, adding that “2015 was the warmest year on record, and 2016 will likely be warmer still.”
“This is leading to ever more severe droughts, floods, fires and extreme weather events. Climate change is also contributing to the heart-rending refugee crisis. The world's poor, though least responsible for climate change, are most vulnerable and already suffering its impact,” he wrote.
Continue Reading This Story >>
Christian News Network added to this report.
Support us! GearJunkie may earn a small commission from affiliate links in this article. Learn more
Foot trouble can wreck a hike quicker than you might shout “Where's a bandage!”
I have lived through the carnage of horrendous foot problems on the trail — blisters, chafing, hot spots, and lost nails — and I have come out the other end with some do's and do-not's. Here are a few quick tips to take care of your feet on the trail.
Clip Your Claws
Toenails that are even an eighth of an inch too long can jam against the inside of your boot or shoe. The result can be serious pain and a black nail when you get home. Trim each toenail for length in the days before a hike.
Be careful to snip the sides of each nail as well — a flange of sharp nail can rub a neighboring toe on a trek to the point of blisters or blood. Tip: Freshly cut toenails can be sharp; be sure to clip a couple days before a hike or run to let the nails de-sharpen before you put the miles down.
Foot Lube
I have been preaching the miracle of foot lubrication for years. A “slippery” foot is much less likely to spawn blisters and lesions. I use Hydropel, an expensive concoction available from specialty running stores online. Drug store salves like Bag Balm or Vaseline can work in a pinch, too.
Slather the sticky stuff on your toes and heels, and then pull your sock on. Beyond creating a lubed, lower-friction environment, if your foot gets wet salves keep water from saturating your skin or making it “pruney,” an avoid-at-all-costs condition on a hike.
Tie Your Shoes Tight
A tight-fitting shoe keeps your foot locked in place, lessening chances of the footwear rubbing the wrong way.
Your toes should have some room to spread out inside your boot or shoe — they should never contact the shoe's front. But your heel, ankle, arch, and other parts of the foot should be tightly ensconced to prevent wear and tear.
Heed the Hot Spot!
On a hike, if you feel discomfort on your foot, immediately stop to address the sensation. A “hot spot” is the precursor to a blister, and if treated, you can keep it that way.
I apply duct tape or medical Leukotape directly onto a hot spot — sticky side down on the skin. Moleskin and bandages are other options, though I find they often shift after a few miles on the trail unless you use some of the “extreme measures” below.
Extreme Measures
Experienced hikers bring first aid to treat foot problems that get out of hand, including gauze, glue, moleskin, and medical tape.
One technique involves draining a blister, squeezing superglue under the skin flap, and sealing it shut with duct tape and tincture of benzoin.
Advanced blister treatments are beyond the scope of this column, but for a great resource look to “Fixing Your Feet,” a website and book of the same name by John Vonhof, an experienced ultra-runner and emergency room technician considered a top expert in the field.
The book is available for $13 on Amazon.
Some of the smartest investors in the world have been talking up Mexico in recent months. And retail investments have been following suit. For instance on its recent earnings call, ETF giant BlackRock repeatedly mentioned that Mexico was sucking in a larger amount of investor money than usual during the last quarter. “We saw huge investing in Mexico,” said Larry Fink, the chief executive of the asset management giant.
But before they dump their entire retirement into Mexico, perhaps those retail investors should look take a closer look at this story highlighting the dire straits facing Mexico's residential construction sector. The country's largest mortgage originator—a government controlled entity that is essentially Mexico's Freddie Mac—says that repossessions have more than doubled over the last year. And the corrosion in the residential real estate market has left Mexico's most-important homebuilders staring default in the face. Mexicali-based homebuilder Urbi Desarrollos Urbanos SAB missed a payment on debt last month, as did Mexico City's GEO SAB. Mexico's largest homebuilder by revenue, Desarrolladora Homex SAB, is now desperately trying to avoid doing the same. It recently sold off interests in prison projects in the Mexican states of Morelos and Chiapas, generating roughly 4 billion pesos (about $330 million). The financial services group controlled by the world's richest man, Mexican telecommunications magnate Carlos Slim, was one of the buyers. The homebuilder said it will use half of that amount for working capital for its homebuilding division and half to pay down debt, of which it had about 21.47 billion pesos at the end of March.
So what's gone so wrong with Mexico's housing industry? Economists expect economic growth in the country to clock in at a respectable 3.6% in 2013. And unemployment remains quite low, at around 4.5% at the end of March. Part of the problem is politics. Mexico's mortgage market is dominated by entities such as Infonavit—Instituto del Fondo Nacional de la Vivienda para los Trabajadores—which was created by the Mexican government in 1972 to help finance low-income housing for workers. While not explicitly guaranteed by the government, Infonavit is viewed by the markets as effectively being an arm of the government. And its decisions on loans are thought to reflect government policy.
And recently—with the election of President Enrique Nieto Peña—government policy seems to have swerved somewhat sharply. In February Nieto Peña laid out a plan in which government housing subsidies would push people to purchase so-called “vertical housing” in city centers. That's a problem for Mexican homebuilders who have been building up large banks of land on the dusty outskirts of Mexican cities, where much of the development has been centered over the last decade. And, while the details are sketchy, the thinking is that those banks of land are going to be a lot less valuable now. Meanwhile, Infonavit has apparently channeled more of its lending toward sales of existing homes, rather than the new houses homebuilders have been speculatively churning out, leaving them with growing inventories, according to Fitch Ratings. So is a bailout coming for the housing sector? Well, some say one has already happened, when the government agreed to pay for as much as 30% of the losses banks suffer as a result of lending to homebuilders. So keep that in mind next time you hear someone extolling the near-perfect state of the Mexican economy.
One reason that the Brothers Grimm fairy tales have such appeal — more so than the folklore that came before — is that they deal with a world that is familiar to us, a world that was just being invented in the early 19th century, when these stories were first printed and circulated. They deal with people, scenes and events that affect what we call the middle class today, or the bourgeoisie.
This was the world that serves as the backdrop to the tales of the Brothers Grimm.
A great example of this is the very short story called “The Elves and the Shoemaker.” A cobbler and his wife worked very hard at their craft, making shoes all day. But leather was expensive, and no matter how hard they worked, they could not put their business in the black. They were selling some shoes, but they couldn't make enough fast. They were getting poorer, rather than richer.
One night, the shoemaker left his cut leather out on a table and went to bed. The next morning, a fantastic pair of shoes made out of that leather awaited him. The craftsmanship was impeccable. They were of the finest style. He was able to charge a very high price to a customer who was very impressed by them. This same series of events repeated themselves again the next day and the next. Some months later, the shoemaker and his wife were financially secure and part of the rising middle class. All their financial worries were gone, and they were comfortable and happy.
At this point, the shoemaker said to his wife: “I should like to sit up and watch tonight, that we may see who it is that comes and does my work for me.” The wife agreed, and they stayed up to watch what was happening in the night.
Now, to be sure, this turn of events strikes me as rather strange. One might think that curiosity would have caused them to examine this long before. Why didn't they stay up after the second or third time that leather had become shoes? Why did they wait so long to investigate the cause of their prosperity?
In any case, they did stay up and look, and they found two naked elves there working away, turning scraps of leather into fine shoes. The wife thoughtfully decided to return the favor and make them tiny little clothes. When the elves found the clothes, they put them on and ran away with great delight. They never returned, but the story assures us that this was just fine because the shoe business stayed in the black. The shoemaker and his wife lived a long and prosperous life.
Poverty to Wealth
We can see in this one story an archetype of what was then a new type of middle-class success story in the framework of a commercial society. The couple went from poverty to wealth in relatively short order. This came about not because of favors from the king or the discovery of gold, much less from stealing or piracy, but purely by virtue of work and commerce, combined with the assistance of some benefactors in the night whose favors they never sought, but nonetheless came to deeply appreciate.
Apply this story in our times: We are all in the position of poor shoemakers with benefactors. In a state of nature, we would be struggling for survival as most all of humanity did from the beginning of recorded history until the late Middle Ages, when the first lights of capitalism as we know it began to appear on the horizon. Over the next several hundred years, and especially during the 19th century, life itself was transformed. The state of nature was vanquished, and the world completely re-made in the service of human well-being.
As William Bernstein summarizes the situation: “Beginning about A.D. 100, there had been improvement in human well-being, but it was so slow and unreliable that it was not noticeable during the average person's 25-year life span. Then, not long after 1820, prosperity began flowing in an ever-increasing torrent; with each successive generation, the life of the son became observably more comfortable, informed and predictable than that of the father.”
We were born into a world of amazing prosperity that our generation did not create. We have the expectation of living to old age, but this is completely new in the sweep of history, an expectation we can only have had since about 1950. The shift in population reflects that dramatic change, too. There were most probably 250 million people alive 2,000 years ago, and it took until 1800 for the 1 billion mark to be reached. One hundred and twenty years later, that was doubled. Three billion people lived on the planet by 1960, and there are 7 billion today. Charting this out, you gain a picture of a world of stagnation and stasis from the beginning of recorded history until the Industrial Revolution, when life as we know it today was first experienced by humankind.
If we are shoemakers in this story, the prosperous world in which we live — the world that grants us smartphones, health care, gasoline to power our cars and the ability to communicate in real-time video with any living soul on the planet with the click of a button — might be regarded as the elves that came in the night to turn our leather into a marketable product. Most of us never did anything of our own merit to cause us to benefit from this amazing world. At our birth, we woke up in the morning and found a finished and beautiful pair of shoes given unto us.
Earlier, I said that it strikes me as strange that the shoemaker and his wife waited so long to become curious about who or what was nocturnally turning their leather into shoes. How could they have gone for months without wanting to know what was causing their poverty to turn to riches? How could they have treated the magic in their shop as something helpful but rather normal, and only decided to look into the cause as an afterthought?
Yet this is how most everyone behaves in the world today. We are surrounded by bounty in this man-made world, a world completely unlike anything that has existed in 99.9% of the rest of the history of the world. And how very few bother to investigate the causes! We take it all for granted.
We use our technology, eat foods from all over the world available for sale a few blocks from our home, hop on planes that sweep us through the air to any destination on the planet, instantly communicate with anyone anywhere and have the expectation of living to the age of 80 and beyond, yet we are remarkably indifferent and incurious about what forces operate within this world to have turned the cruel state of nature into an earthy paradise.
Hostility to the Magic of Markets
Actually, the situation is worse than that. Many are openly hostile to the institutions and ideas that have given rise to our age of plenty. We've all seen the protests on television in which mobs of iPhone-carrying young people are raising their fists in anger against commercial society, capitalism and capital accumulation and demand just the type of controls, expropriation and regimentation that are guaranteed to drive us back in time to the restoration of castes, poverty and shortened lives. They are plotting to kill the elves.
In the fairy tale, there are only two elves. In the real world, scholars have discerned that there are actually six, and they go by the following names…
First, there is private property, without which there can be no control of the world around us. It would not be necessary if there were a superabundance of all things, but the reality of scarcity means that exclusive ownership is the first condition that permits us to improve the world. Collective ownership is a meaningless phrase as it pertains to scarce resources.
Second, there is exchange. So long as it is voluntary, all exchange takes place with the expectation of mutual benefit. Exchange is a step beyond gift giving because the lives of both parties are made better off by the acquisition of something new. Exchange is what makes possible the formation of exchange ratios and, in a money economy, the development of the balance sheet for calculation profit and loss. The is the foundation of economic rationality.
Third, there is the division of labor that permits us all to benefit from cooperating with one another toward mutual enrichment. This is about more than dividing up productive tasks. It is about integrating everyone into the great project of building civilization. Even the master of all talents and skills can benefit by cooperating with the least skilled among us. The discovery of this reality is the beginning of true enlightenment. It means the replacement of war with trade and the replacement of exploitation with cooperation.
Fourth, there is risk-taking entrepreneurship that bravely pulls back the veil of uncertainty that hides the future from us and takes a step into the future to bring us every manner of material progress. Uncertainty over the future is a reality that binds all of humanity; entrepreneurs are those who do not fear this condition, but rather see this as an opportunity for improving the lives of others at a profit.
Fifth, there is capital accumulation, the amassing of goods that are produced not for consumption, but for the production of other goods. Capital is what makes possible what F.A. Hayek calls the “extended order,” that intertemporal machinery that stabilizes the events of life over time. Capital is what makes planning possible. It makes the hiring of large workforces possible. It allows investors to plan for and build a bright future.
The sixth elf is not an institution, but a state of mind. It is the desire for a better life and the belief that it can happen if we take the right steps. It is the belief in the possibility of progress. If we lose this, we lose everything. Even if all the other conditions are in place, without the intellectual and spiritual commitment to climb higher and higher out of the state of nature, we will slip further and further into the abyss. This state of mind is the essence of what came to define the Western mind, and which has now spread to the entire world.
Together, these elves constitute a team with a name, and that name is capitalism. If you don't like that name, you can call it something else: the free market, free enterprise, the free society, liberalism or you can make up your own. What matters is not the team name but the constituent parts that make up that team.
The study of economics is much like the decision of the shoemaking couple that stayed up overnight to find out the cause of their good fortune. They discovered these elves and found that they had no clothes. They decided to make clothes for them as a reward for their service. So too should we clothe the institutions that made our world beautiful in order to protect them against the elements and their enemies. And even after they scurry off into the night, we must never lose consciousness of what they have done for us.
A female Aedes aegypti mosquito is shown in these Centers for Disease Control and Prevention file photo. (James Gathany/CDC via Reuters)
There are now at least 311 human cases of the West Nile virus in California, according to the state's resource on the mosquito-spread infection. That's more than twice as many cases as there were last year at this time, and more than triple the five-year average in the state. Twelve of those infected with West Nile in the state have since died.
As it turns out, the historic drought plaguing California could be a major contributor to the increase.
Although it might seem that mosquitoes, which depend on water to breed, would suffer when there's less water on the ground, the opposite is true under the right conditions. Droughts, along with warm weather, can produce the conditions necessary for an abundance of the insects.
In the Southern California region at the center of the state's West Nile outbreak this year, the drought conditions are just right for the flourishing of a particular species of mosquito: the southern house mosquito, or ulex quinquefasciatus, which, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Roger Nasci, is a "very good vector for the disease."
Nasci, chief of the CDC's arboviral diseases branch, said in an interview that drought conditions this summer have helped "cook down" the pools of water favored by the species, so that those habitats "get nice and stagnant and stinky. This mosquito likes it a lot." The rainwater collection vessels that are popular with conservation-minded residents of drought-ridden areas, for instance, can be perfect for mosquito reproduction unless steps are taken to discourage it.
Because mosquitoes usually pick up West Nile virus from infected birds, the shortage of water also helps increase the share of insects carrying the disease. "When we have less water, birds and mosquitoes are seeking out the same water sources, and therefore are more likely to come in to closer proximity to one another, thus amplifying the virus,” California's department of public health chief Vicki Kramer told KQED.
In other words, the drought brings together a common host of the virus with the insect that transmits it to other animals, including humans.
Kramer added that stagnated backyard pools and bird baths are also perfect breeding grounds for mosquitoes. In some places, such as Orange County, local officials attempting to spray those pools with pesticides have run into an added obstacle: Foreclosed properties with abandoned pools, which create wonderful breeding grounds for mosquitoes that often go under the radar of those sweeping the area to try and prevent them.
It's been a problem in past years, as KQED noted, and continues to boost conditions for the spread of West Nile this year. There have been 116 cases of West Nile in Orange County alone this year.
A concentrated outbreak like that is "pretty characteristic of West Nile virus," the CDC's Nasci said. However, the factors at play in Southern California are hardly the only ones favorable to the spread of West Nile. The virus is found "east to west, north to south, in pretty much every ecosystem in the country," Nasci noted, with different conditions and the habits of different mosquito and bird species at play in other outbreaks.
And not all droughts are created equal as far as mosquito reproduction is concerned. "If the drought is too extreme, you don't get any mosquitoes," Nasci said. Temperature is also a factor: Mosquitoes like it warm.
When the conditions are right, however, it can produce a rapid spread of West Nile, Nasci said. "In 2012, we saw a moderate drought and high temperatures produce an explosive epidemic in the Dallas-Fort Worth area." According to the CDC, about 1,900 cases of West Nile virus were reported in the area that year. Eighty-nine people who contracted the virus that year died.
RELATED READING: Does tarantula boom signal end of California drought?
click to enlarge Mike Koozmin/The S.f. Examiner
An artist created a mural at 4049 24th St. called “Shop Small” in honor of Small Business Saturday, which promotes shopping at locally owned businesses.
If the mega-consumer shopping bonanza known as Black Friday is just too much to handle, there's a more low-key way to spend money this weekend -- and it comes with the added benefit of supporting the local community.
Saturday marks the fifth annual Small Business Saturday, a nationwide American Express-sponsored event that is intended to showcase local merchants. Many activities are planned throughout the day around San Francisco. Highlights include:
Main Street Makeover and Celebrations
Hayes Street in Hayes Valley will be remade into San Francisco's Main Street by designer Kathryn Ireland. The street and its environs are packed with boutiques and other independently owned shops. The Main Street Makeover, at 568 Hayes St., startis at 11 a.m.
Etsy Trunk Show
Online marketplace Etsy partnered with American Express to help small businesses showcase local artisans, and at least one store in The City is participating. Little Paper Planes at 855 Valencia St. in the Mission will be hosting a trunk show throughout the day.
Small Business Saturday Night Upper Fillmore
The Fillmore Merchants Association coordinated with many shops to provide activities and special deals in the neighborhood. The Zinc Details furniture store at 1905 Fillmore St., for example, is hosting two fashion shows at 6:30 and 7:30 p.m.
Teresa Rodriguez, the executive director of the Fillmore Merchants Association, said this year is the first time the neighborhood as a whole will be participating in Small Business Saturday.
Rodriguez, who produces fashion shows in the Bay Area and organized the two at Zinc Details, said neighborhood merchants and her association were excited to be part of the event and hope to show off the unique aspects of the Fillmore.
"As a destination, you can come to Fillmore and experience what S.F. is really like at the shops owned by people who live in the neighborhood," she said.
For more information about Small Business Saturday, visit www.shopsmall.com.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Wyre Davis reports from Beirut: "It shows really the ability of the armed opposition groups to strike at the heart of the regime"
Syrian Prime Minister Wael al-Halqi has survived a car bomb attack in the capital, Damascus, state media say.
The blast in the capital's western Mazzeh district targeted Mr Halqi's convoy, state TV said, causing a number of casualties.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based activist group, said one of Mr Halqi's bodyguards was among several others killed.
It is unclear whether the blast was a suicide bombing or a planted device.
State television carried a brief interview with Mr Halqi, saying that it was filmed after the attack.
Image caption Mr Halqi survived but his bodyguard was reported killed
He appears assured but somewhat shaken in the interview, in which he talks about a meeting he has just attended on the economy.
State TV said the blast happened at a busy intersection, near a public garden and a school. The upmarket neighbourhood is home to government buildings, the residences of several political figures and a military airport vital to the regime's defences.
"I was walking in the street when suddenly there was a very powerful explosion and I saw a car burning and people running," a witness told AFP.
An unnamed Syrian official said the explosion was caused by a bomb placed underneath a parked car in the area, the Associated Press news agency reported.
An earlier report said it had been a suicide attack.
Analysis Such is the byzantine nature of the Syrian struggle that this bomb attack is bound to be blamed by some opposition circles on the regime itself. That has certainly been the case in the past, when bombs have gone off inside heavily-secured areas close to the inner sanctum of the regime. Mezzeh, an upscale area on the west side of Damascus, certainly counts as a government stronghold, with many state offices and residences there as well as an important military airport. The logic of those accusations is that the regime uses such attacks to portray the rebels as bloodthirsty, indiscriminate terrorists, frightening the public into rallying around the government. The mainstream rebel Free Syrian Army says in does not carry out bomb attacks in which passing civilians may be the victims. The trademark of hard-liners from the al-Qaeda-related al-Nusra Front is often suicide bombings, which this one does not appear to have been. In pictures: Damascus car bomb
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights quoted medical sources as saying five civilians in the area were also killed.
The activist group quoted medical sources as saying Mr Halqi's driver and another bodyguard were seriously injured.
Footage from the scene showed the charred remains of several vehicles, and a badly damaged bus. Debris and glass were strewn around a wide area, where onlookers had gathered.
A picture that activists said was of the site just after the attack showed a large plume of black smoke rising into the air near a road and a high-rise building.
Syrian forces and rebels have been fighting around Damascus for months but with neither side gaining the upper hand.
The attack is the latest bombing inside government-controlled areas of the capital.
In December a suicide bombing struck the interior ministry. State media said top officials had escaped unhurt, but it later emerged that the interior minister himself had been badly injured.
So far there has been no claim of responsibility for Monday's attack. Similar bombings in the past have been linked to the jihadist al-Nusra Front, one of the most prominent rebel groups fighting the regime.
Mr Halqi, a senior member of the ruling Baath party, became prime minister last year after Riad Hijab defected to Jordan. He was previously health minister.
More than 70,000 people have been killed since fighting between Syrian forces and rebels erupted in March 2011.
AMSTERDAM – Several Americans working in England clocked in on New Year's Day, with Aston Villa netminder Brad Guzan posting his sixth shutout of the Premier League season in a 1-0 road victory over Jozy Altidore's Sunderland.
The former Chivas USA star required just one save to notch his fourth win and third clean sheet in five career unbeaten starts against Sunderland. Guzan denied Ki Sung-Yueng on the half hour, with much of the remainder spent watching Sunderland fail to create chances despite a massive possession advantage.
Altidore entered the contest in the 67th minute to work a decent shift without ever getting a good look at goal for himself. The result snapped a five-game drought for Guzan and his 11th place Villans, while basement dwellers Sunderland saw their unbeaten run end at four.
In another EPL duel between US teammates, Geoff Cameron's Stoke City were forced to settle for a 1-1 draw against Tim Howard and visiting Everton. The Potters right back put on a solid all-around display, while Howard's best stop out of three rejected a long James McCarthy drive in the 21st minute. The US 'keeper is now undefeated in his last six starts away from home, but the draw allowed arch nemesis Liverpool to jump ahead of the Toffees for fourth place. Despite running the home unbeaten streak in league play to seven games, Stoke slipped a spot to 12th.
Although eligible now that the transfer window is open, on-loan Fulham forward Clint Dempsey was not included in the squad in the Cottagers' 2-1 win over West Ham.
One league below in the Championship, newly acquired loanee Brek Shea made an encouraging debut start for Barnsley in a 1-1 draw at Birmingham City. The US international departed after 75 minutes having shown some menace. Barnsley remains at the bottom of the table, but inched to within five points of the safety zone.
Elsewhere, Eric Lichaj's Nottingham Forest were pegged back by a stoppage-time equalizer in a 1-1 draw away to Danny Williams and Reading. Playing at left back, Lichaj enjoyed a strong defensive outing, while Williams played a no-frills match in defensive midfield for the Royals. The share pushed fifth place Forest's unbeaten run to seven, while also keeping ninth place Reading winless in four.
A late leveler also rescued Tim Ream and Bolton in a 2-2 draw with guests Middlesbrough. The former Red Bulls man gave another solid left back performance as Wanderers held still in 18th place.
Duane Holmes came on for the final 38 minutes to no avail as Huddersfield Town dropped a 3-2 decision at Burnley. With the spark-plug sub largely kept quiet, the 13th place Terriers suffered their first loss in five.
Finally, Zak Whitbread watched from the home dugout as fourth place Derby County fell 1-0 at home to Wigan.
“American Idol” Season 15 winner Trent Harmon, right, host Ryan Seacrest, left, and finalist La'Porsha Renae during the show's finale. (Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images)
Less than two months after the curtain went down on #OscarsSoWhite — at least until 2017 — it seems that “American Idol” may be too white as well. Or, more specifically, too deferential to “generic” white guys, often wielding guitars.
This was the consensus on social media after Trent Harmon, a self-described white “dude from Mississippi,” defeated La'Porsha Renae, a black single mother from the same state. Renae, citing the first “American Idol” winner, Kelly Clarkson, said “a woman started it and a woman's goin' finish it.”
[You may scoff at ‘American Idol' now, but it changed pop culture forever]
She was wrong. It was not the outcome some were hoping for. As one Twitter user put it: “ANOTHER basic white boy” had triumphed.
Poor @AmericanIdol :( They tried so hard to not have ANOTHER basic white boy win again….*sigh* #IdolFinale pic.twitter.com/dm6WYnzpO1 — VoteForOliviaRox (@GODliviaRox) April 8, 2016
Today, a white man won American Idol. Today, a black woman lost. American Idol you're so white! — Maira Tejeda (@_mairaatejeda) April 8, 2016
beyonce could go on american idol and still lose to a medicore white guy with a guitar #IdolFinale — bensus (@BENINISM) April 8, 2016
To be clear: Though it passed over Jennifer Hudson, “American Idol” has idol-ized people of color. The list of winners includes Ruben Studdard (2003), Fantasia Barrino (2004), Jordin Sparks (2007) and Candice Glover (2013). But as early as 2004, international idol Elton John wondered whether the show had a race problem. Three performers he admired “happened to be black, young female singers and they all seemed to be landing in the bottom three,” he said.
“These three girls would have the talent to be members of the Royal Academy or Juilliard,” John said. “They have great voices. The fact that they are constantly in the bottom three, and I don't want to set myself up here, I find it incredibly racist.”
But as early as 2006, Taylor Hicks's win presaged the white-dude-with-guitar era.
“Hicks's win did show how Idol's format (people sing on TV, people at home vote, America figures out this ‘democracy' thing once and for all) was not only imperfect, but could eventually serve as a liability, showing plainly the gap between the show's graying demographics and the ever-younger pop market,” Maura Johnston wrote last year in a piece called “Wimpy White Dudes With Guitars Ruined ‘American Idol'” at the Concourse.
This wasn't just an optics problem. As the show's ratings faltered, it also became a business problem.
“Why not let the excitable teenage girls (and the older women who should probably know better) have their fun and flood the phone lines with votes for these attractive, guitar-plucking fellas?” the Huffington Post's Laura Prudom wrote in 2012 — amid a five-season long “American Idol” white-dude winning streak. “Simply put, because those attractive, guitar-plucking fellas don't actually do that well once they've ventured out of ‘Idol's' protective embrace and are expected to sell albums under their own steam — and that's a problem for ‘Idol' as much as for the winners themselves.”
A White Person Won The First One So Of Course A White Person Is Gonna Win The Last Season Of American Idol. #YeahISaidIt — ѕнα∂у ☈o (@TheRoSho) April 8, 2016
another boring straight white boy from the south won American Idol…I am so disappointed — emily (@deIicatedinah) April 8, 2016
https://twitter.com/julesinthemoon/status/718289138320023552
Indeed, in 2013, 10 former “Idol” contestants sued Fox, saying they were victims of racial discrimination on the show. Citing a statistical study, the plaintiffs argued there was a “less than 1 in a billion chance” their disqualifications weren't race-based.
The lawsuit failed. But litigation doesn't have to be successful to reflect the word on the street.
"American Idol" is one big-name show which won't be returning for a new season. Here's a look back at how it became a cultural touchstone and changed parts of the music industry. (Nicki DeMarco/The Washington Post)
“Calling American Idol just a singing competition is dishonest,” Melissa McEwan wrote at Alternet in 2011. “And all the little staged extras, and the opportunities to show ‘personality,' and all the other ‘showbiz spectacle' detritus that increases exponentially every year, favors the boys. Which would just be exasperating, and nothing more than a reason to change the channel, were it not for the millions of little girls vested in the show — and internalizing the lessons it's teaching about how ‘America' treats men and women, especially women of color.” McEwan added: “Note: All of the female finalists this year were also thin.”
America is so uncultured, yet another bland white male wins American Idol. No diversity in that show nor does talent ever win lately — Kendall⚓️ (@kendallongg) April 8, 2016
Okay so La'Porsha lost and the white straight dude won… I'm not really shocked, @AmericanIdol but it's okay. — Jubbles (@Jo_Maybe) April 8, 2016
Whether guilty of racism or not — or reflective of racism in America or not — “American Idol” is now taking its ball and going home. Harmon credited the black woman he beat on the way out.
“I know that I have a God-given ability, but I didn't want to take it for granted,” he said. “I wanted to work so, so hard, and she pushed me to do it.”
Celtic footballer Scott Sinclair
A RACIST banner against Celtic footballer Scott Sinclair has been displayed on an east Belfast bonfire.
The banner was placed on a bonfire in the car park of Avoniel Leisure Centre.
A message on the banner read: "Scott Sinclair loves bananas."
The loyalist bonfire site is one of four that are subject to a High Court injunction secured by Belfast City Council.
The injunction was sought by the local authority last week in a bid to prevent further materials being added to the pyres.
Images of the racist banner have been widely circulated online.
The display had been removed from the pyre when The Irish News visited the site earlier.
Seamus Darragh (39), chairman of Celtic supporters' club Dicey Reilly's, condemned the bonfire display as "absolutely disgusting".
"No human being's colour of skin should ever be described in that manner. It's just despicable," the Belfast man said.
"It is absolutely disgusting of the highest order. How can they justify that being culture?
"It's nothing but downright racism. It's an absolute disgrace."
In a statement released this afternoon, the PSNI said it is investigating complaints about "various materials" placed on the bonfire.
"Where police are aware of a crime being committed, an investigation will follow," ths statement said.
"We take hate crime very seriously and actively investigate all incidents reported to us. Hate crime is wrong on all levels and the PSNI will do everything it can to ensure that everyone, from whatever background, can live free from prejudice, fear and discrimination."
Thinking about going on an exchange to Germany? DO IT! It was one of the best decisions I've ever made and it's a lot easier than you might think.
The first thing you need to do to prepare for an exchange to Germany is to grab a pen and paper. Or if you're feeling like part of this century open a Google doc (this is also a good way to be able to share information with others). I highly recommend this for my fellow travellers with helicopter parents.
Preparing for Germany is all about lists! You will literally need a list to remember all the lists you will have. Don't worry you'll learn to love lists, and stamps (but we'll get to that later).
The three main categories of this exciting listopia you are about to endeavour on are:
School Travel Prep (+Pre Departure Checklist) Arrival
Now each will vary a little depending on your exchange program and school!
Here is the general layout of what you will need to do …
1. School
Applications
Applications will vary depending on your school / desired placement. Find out what you need to apply and you guessed it – make a list!
Common items for an exchange application list include:
Academic transcript
Essay on why you want to go on exchange
In person interview
Personal/ academic references
Top 3 school preferences
Acceptance Requirements
Once you have been accepted into your exchange / work program (Congratulations! You did it! You go girl/boy/however you chose to identify!) your home school will require things such as:
Letter of Permission (LOP)
Pre-departure workshop completion
Documentation from host university
Your host university – again this will vary, may send you an acceptance package / admission letter, and you may have to scan and email back some documents (e.g. confirmation of registration).
Grant / Bursary
See what grants/ bursaries are available to you. This is FREE MONEY. I repeat FREE MONEY. It may take ten forms and the blood of your enemies, but it's worth it! Too many of these programs are underused and they're easier to get than you think!
I went to Dalhousie and received a SWIF Bursary, and it was awesome. So see what your school has to offer and apply!
Seriously, apply.
Student Loans
For students with student loans the sooner you get these forms and phone calls done, the less time you will spend worrying about it, or have a concerned parent worrying about it.
2. Travel Prep
Visa
Check what kind of Visa you will be applying for – there are different types, but a study Visa is pretty simple. For most cases you will have to apply for your Visa in person in Germany – make sure to look up what sort of Visa you need (for instance, if you want to work) incase you are the rare case that needs to apply beforehand.
As a Canadian you can enter the country and stay for up to 90 days before you are kicked out (they most likely won't kick you out, but I wouldn't suggest testing that theory).
This also may come as a surprise, but your Visa will be the last thing you will get. This is due to the many many documents you need to have before you can apply for a Visa. (That list can be seen in #3 – I told you there were a lot of lists).
Flight
Find and book your flight as soon as possible! Fares are a fickle frog and change quickly. A personal favourite website for scanning flights is CheapOAir.
Also be sure to look at surrounding areas as they may be cheaper!
Insurance
Unless you have AMAZING insurance coverage you will have to purchase insurance in Germany. Your insurance plan has to be up to the German standard (which is very high) and then approved by them.
It also doesn't hurt to purchase additional travel insurance to cover costs such as lost luggage or flight cancellations.
Your home school may cover it or you can purchase plans from companies such as CAA, but be sure to compare quotes and benefits of each plan depending on your particular needs, and be sure to be upfront over any pre-existing medical issues or else that may void your insurance, if you do get sick or injured!
Credit / Debit Cards
Find out if you can take money out in Germany / your destination city. My bank didn't because why would my bank want me to access money when I'm terrified and alone in a new country, that I don't speak the language and am already stressed the f*** out? I'm not bitter or anything though.
IMPORTANT: In Germany cash is king, most stores won't take credit cards and it is not as common to find debit in stores, so bring some geld (money).
Phone
European phone plans are cheap and easy to use. Make sure your phone is unlocked and have your plan cancelled after your arrival.
Or to be on the safe side get a 1 month travel plan to give you time to get a SIM Card and plan when you arrive. These can be found all over. A personal favourite inexpensive plan of mine was Aldi Talk, which was available for purchase in Aldi grocery stores (a great discount grocery chain, if you're on a budget!).
Accommodation
If your host school has housing available for you – take it! It's a great way to meet people, it's usually affordable, and it's way easier than finding a place on your own.
If you have to find a place on your own, see if you know anyone in the area (or that can speak German) that can help you!
Pre Departure Checklist
This list is a ‘guide' list before you take flight – make sure to add your own essentials! For example Pepto-Bismol was on mine. Sensitive tummied friends, I suggest you add it too.
Passport – this is the most important thing! You literally can't leave the country without it. And make sure it has not or is not about to expire.
Acceptance letter for school.
Copies of all your important documents.
Your clothes / toiletries / electronics + chargers / international plug adapter (like you'd forget those).
Euros! Remember cash is cool. But seriously you'll need it.
Plane essentials list (A list inside a list! Listception!): phone, laptop, headphones, book / kindle, chargers, passport, luxury travel pillow (treat yourself) …
3. Arrival!
(Woo Hoo Hoo! You made it, you wonderful adventuring being!)
An Important Note on the List Below – some of these things HAVE to be done in order! You can't move on to the next step without finishing the previous. Don't worry I've made you a fun visual list – A listual? Visuist? Whatever.
Housing
Establish a time beforehand to pick up your keys and sign whatever documents necessary to gain entry to your new home!
Residence Permit (necessary numero eins – wow, that was literally trilingual)
Go to the local Bürgerbüro, which is a registration office (it's easy to remember, because it sounds like Burger Bureau) and get a residence permit. Make sure to bring photo ID (i.e. your passport). This paper will get a stamp. Ensure they stamp it – or no one will accept it.
For students in Munich, this is the Kreisverwaltungsreferat (Germans love long words, get used to it) – also known as the KVR (or don't, and abbreviate them).
Bank Account (zwei-two)
You will need a German bank account. Deutsche Bank is the most popular, but there are many options. You will need your residence permit to get one.
Health Insurance (drei-three)
Go get your health insurance! This can most likely be done at your schools administration building. You will need your residence permit, bank information, and a small photo.
Matriculation (vier-four)
Go to your school's administration building to matriculate! This will receive many stamps. You will need (another list, I know, I'm excited too) your: acceptance letter, residence permit, bank account, and health insurance
UBahn Pass
Germany has awesome Ubahn (underground subway) and SBahn (above ground train) systems! Once you have matriculated, you can use your matriculation number on your student ID to get a discounted Ubahn pass.
Or if you want to keep fit, while eating all those sausages, get a bike! Local flee markets usually have lots!
VISA!
Wow, we finally made it here. Get your listy little heart ready for this one. The cost of a Visa is about 95€, but if you bring proof of your student loans / scholarship or bursary, they may wave the fee (so try it – 95 euros buys a lot of käsespätzle). Also many stamps to be had here.
*Proof of Sufficient Funds – you will need a bank account statement proving you can afford your stay in Germany. This is usually about 700 euros a month.
For my less wealthy friends, I did this by bringing in my bursary certificate, scholarship award certificate, and loan documentation.
All right the promised the list image… Lismage? Imagist? I give up.
Remember you don't have to do any of this alone! As a student there are tons of others that have to do the exact same things. So go together! It's a great way to make friends, while figuring out the best options available to you!
And that's it! Welcome to Deutschland, the land of delicious sausage, tasty beer, and the most reliable public transportation you didn't realize you were missing in your life!
Now go get a celebratory giant pretzel! You deserve it!
It's been just over a month since South Korea banned minors from late night gaming, but the regulation has reportedly done little to change habits. Introduced by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism (MCST) and the Ministry of Gender Equality (MGEF), the "Shutdown Law" (also called the "Cinderella Law") forbids children aged under 16 from playing online games between midnight and 6AM.
The legislation is meant to address the increasing rate of online gaming addiction and although it originally targeted MMORPGs, all online genres and platforms are currently affected -- at least on paper, anyway. A panel commissioned by This Is Game believes the new law has had a "nominal" impact on young gamers who find workarounds to continue playing into the wee hours of the morning.
For instance, many kids log in to an account owned by their parents or another adult, according Maemi, a young panelist. Less "privileged" minors simply utilize the lockdown period to fire up offline games. Besides MMORPGs and a handful of other multiplayer-only genres, most online games have an offline component and, of course, there's an infinite sea of single player games on each platform.
The researchers also included game developer JongDeuk Kim, who recorded no change in the number of concurrent users for both youth and adult age ranges -- again, because youngsters just hop on their parent's account. KiMin Yang, a researcher of Cultural Society Institute, acknowledged the futility of the existing law and believes new anti-addiction methods should be explored.
"Restriction and care are totally different. We need to show the conservative groups that we are protecting the youth in different ways, not neglecting them," said Yang, who continued by adding that the country should strive to understand its children better. Meanwhile, Yonsei University professor TaeSoon Park, thinks game developers should pursue less harmful business models.
Removing the budget of the Philippine National Police (PNP) for antidrug operations could have an adverse effect to the President's plan to bring the police back into the campaign, according to presidential spokesperson Harry Roque.
The Senate had slashed P1.4 billion from the PNP's budget intended for its Oplan Double Barrel and Masa Masid antidrug programs and realigned the amounts to housing for the police.
ADVERTISEMENT
Noting that the Senate's budget bill was not yet final and would go through the bicameral conference committee, Roque said he was sure the PNP would be asked for its input on this move.
But he said that if the budget cut stayed, this would set back the PNP when it returned to the lead in the war on drugs.
President Duterte had said he would bring back the PNP into the campaign if the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) failed to curb the drug trade.
“Well, obviously, the President needs to fund his pet undertakings and the drug war is one of such undertakings and it will have, of course, adverse effects if he does not have the funding to implement this war on drugs,” Roque told reporters in a phone interview.
The Senate slashed the PNP's budget for antidrug operations after Mr. Duterte turned over the responsibility for the campaign to the PDEA amid public outcry over the killings of drug suspects in gangland-style executions either by police or vigilantes.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Jaguars defensive tackle Sen'Derrick Marks had no trouble summing up how it would feel to be part of the first team in franchise history not to win once in Jacksonville all season.
Embarrassing.
"You play for yourself as a team first off, then you play for the organization, but you play for the fans also," Marks said. "They spend their money to come out and watch us play. You're supposed to come out and perform and give them a show and actually give the city something to be proud about."
Marks and the Jaguars (2-12) have one last chance to avoid another letdown and make history for the wrong reason when they host Tennessee (8-6) Saturday at EverBank Field.
The Jaguars are technically credited with a "home" win over Indianapolis in London, but they have failed in Jacksonville this year.
The Jaguars came up short in losses to Green Bay (27-23), Baltimore (19-17) and Houston (24-21). They ran out of steam against Denver (20-10) and Minnesota (25-16). And they melted down against Oakland (33-16, including two players being ejected during the game).
More than a full year has passed since the Jaguars last won in Jacksonville — a 51-16 victory against the Colts on Dec. 13, 2015. Since then, the Jaguars have lost seven straight.
Cleveland is the only other team that does not have a true home win this season.
"The fact that we don't have [a win in Jacksonville] at this point in the season — you just shake your head," middle linebacker Paul Posluszny said. "It shouldn't be that way."
But that's how it has mostly been in recent years.
The Jaguars had just four losing seasons at home during their first 17 years as a franchise, but it has become a common trend.
Not counting the annual London game that began in 2013, the Jaguars have won three, three, one, one and four games at home since their last winning season in Jacksonville. That came in 2010 (5-3).
This year: Zero wins, and players realize the stain that a winless season at home would leave.
"We want to be able to give our fans what they want to see," defensive end Dante Fowler said. "That's why we're practicing really hard and not changing anything up. We're going to go out there and play hard. We kind of got embarrassed by [Tennessee] on national TV, so we are going to come out with a vengeance."
A side effect of the recent losing has been big crowds for away opponents.
Multiple players earlier this season complained about not feeling much of a home-field advantage, and the Broncos and Vikings had huge swaths of fans across the stadium in the two most recent games in Jacksonville.
Marks said players notice when an away team has so many fans in attendance but believes the Jaguars can't fault anyone but themselves for not having a better home atmosphere.
"We're not winning," he said. "We can't expect anybody to show up and we lose and think they are going to continue to show up. No. They aren't going to continue to show up. We've got to take that on ourselves and change that mindset that they may have.
"You can't ask people to buy tickets. As a team that has not been winning, you have to make them buy it. You make them buy it by going out and winning games and giving them something to cheer for."
Phillip Heilman: (904) 359-4271
On Tuesday morning, not one but two Minneapolis City Council committees met to approve the creation of a so-called Value Capture District, which would devote the area's property taxes to financing a streetcar line on Nicollet Avenue.
Transportation & Public Works and the Ways and Means/Budget Committee took about an hour and a half to question the scheme, take testimony from the public and vote.
In the end, the endorsement was unanimous, except for an abstention from Meg Tuthill, who represents the 10th Ward. “I'm very conflicted,” she said. “There are too many unanswered questions.”
Chief among her worries was whether the Metropolitan Council would pay for the operation of a streetcar system; the value-capture scheme covers only planning and construction. She urged her colleagues to delay their approval until they get the answers to all their questions.
The problem is, waiting is not a terrific option, and here's why. (Be patient; this takes some explaining.)
To finance the $220 million needed for the initial 4-mile streetcar line, the city lobbied the Legislature — and won from it — the right to create a special district where property tax revenues from new development would go to the streetcar project (and not to the maws of its own general fund, Hennepin County and/or the school board).
The Value Capture District is a lot like a TIF, or Tax Increment Financing district, which has been used extensively in our state and others to subsidize all kinds of private development, including stores, office buildings, manufacturing plants and so on.
City of Minneapolis
With a TIF, a local government designates a targeted development site. The tax valuation of the site is then frozen at its pre-development value. Supposedly, new development will grow up around the new office or factory and boost property values; any amount over the initial frozen property value within the district goes to help repay the bonds the city floated to help finance the thing in the first place.
To illustrate: Let's say, there's an empty lot in Bow-wow City that Amalgamated Doghair would like to build on. Amalgamated claims that it needs help to build its factory (and if it doesn't get it, it might just move its operations to Kurdistan), which would create 40 jobs. Bow-wow City is, of course, hot to have jobs, so it declares the empty lot and a couple of blocks on all sides a TIF district.
Let's say, all the land in the district is worth $2 million on which the owners have been paying a 5 percent annual property tax or $100,000. Using its bonding power, the city borrows money for Amalgamated to put up its factory. If Bow-wow City is lucky, Tail-wag Treats and a couple of other factories buy up other land in the TIF district and build there, too. In three or four years, the TIF property is worth $10 million, which generates $500,000 a year in property taxes. The $400,000 increment taxes go to repay the bonds.
TIFs can be a bit risky. The city can't lay its hands on that extra property tax dough until new development is up, running and reassessed. And sometimes the new factory or office does not attract all the extra economic growth that city leaders hoped for, leaving tax valuations little higher than they were previously and the city is on the hook for funds to repay the bonds. Oh, and maybe six years out, the factory moves to Kurdistan anyway, or Iowa.
The new Minneapolis Value Capture District, however, is a slightly different animal. Instead of channeling handouts to corporations, money will be devoted to public transit, specifically streetcars, and only for one line, on Nicollet. And the district is odd.
Instead of one vast stretch, it's made up of five discrete parcels where development is already under way:
• One parcel, at the intersection of Hennepin Avenue, for example, is the site of the new Whole Foods supermarket and a five-story apartment house above.
• The second — a 33-story, 330-unit luxury apartment building called Nic on Fifth and the 4Marq Tower nearby with 262 units is slated for — well, I guess the names of the projects should tell you where.
• The third parcel, on 14th and LaSalle, will be the site of Magellan Tower, a 36-story, 355-unit high-rise.
• At Spruce Place and 13th, another couple of hundred units are under construction.
• And finally, across the Mississippi where Totino's Italian Kitchen once did business, a development of 130 market-rate apartments, commercial space (maybe Totino's will rise again) and a 900-square-foot dog run are under discussion.
With the exception of the Totino's property, all of these new buildings are pretty much sure things.
Minnesota Center for Environmental Advocacy
But to get the most out of them for streetcars, the City Council — and later Hennepin County — have to act fast. Why? If the local governments approve the measure before the end of this month, then the base value of the district would be frozen at its Jan. 1, 2013, level, what it was before development occurred. An increment in tax revenues would start to come in next January.
If there's stalling until after July 1, however, then the base value of the property would be higher (since some development already would have occurred), and the amount of money the city would reap would be smaller. Worse, the dough wouldn't start flowing until 2015.
According to the city, if all these developments are completed in the next three to four years, taxes captured by the “district” could total $5 million a year, presumably enough to repay bonds the city would sell to finance the streetcars.
The Value Capture District is an idea that's been discussed in academic circles for a while as a way to generate money for public improvements without leaning on taxpayers. One study, done by H. William Batt in 2001, for example, showed that Value Capture could have been used to finance the Northway, a nine-mile portion of the New York's interstate highway system. The added increment of land value attributed to that section of the road came to 11 times the cost of the right-of-way acquisition, road and bridge construction, according to Batt.
A couple of citizens — including Cam Winton, an independent candidate for mayor —appeared before the committees to object to streetcars and the creation of the Value Capture District.
It's not true, Winton argued, that streetcars spur development. People point to Portland, Ore., as an example where supposedly more than $1 billion in new business activity grew up around its streetcar line. Much of it, according to Winton, was prompted by tax rebates and other giveaways to corporations. Any tax money flowing to the city from new development should, he contended, go to ordinary city functions, such as police and schools.
The Value Capture District will divert tax money from the general fund, but it's tax money that the city wasn't previously receiving anyway. That's one way to look at it.
And to wring $100 million or so for its streetcar line out of the federal government, Minneapolis has to show that it's making a financial commitment. The Value Capture District allows that without requiring any tax hikes or special appropriations. Like it or not, you have to admit that it's a pretty clever device.
Next step for Value Capture: a June 25 vote of the full City Council.
Jamie Dutra has just finished unlocking the doors and rolling back the security screens at The Dragon, a shop in Toronto's Bloor West Village that is part of a Canadian investment trend.
Only five minutes after opening time, there are two customers and a reporter in the small shop. Dutra is ringing up $18 worth of rolling papers and other things she describes as "accessories for legal smoking mixtures."
A customer admires thousands of dollars worth of 'accessories for legal smoking mixtures,' so named because the law still prohibits the sale of drug paraphernalia, a legalistic fiction despite coming rule changes. (Don Pittis/CBC) Despite the fact that medical marijuana is legal and the federal government is about to lift the prohibition on recreational pot, laws from an earlier era prevent sellers from calling their goods drug paraphernalia, she says.
Of course it's a legalistic fiction. The sign outside shows bright green leaves of Cannabis sativa, and a time traveller from the 1960s would immediately recognize it as what used to be called a head shop.
Is business good?
"Oh yeah, for sure," says Dutra.
At first glance the location seems unlikely, in the middle of an older residential neighbourhood where 100-year-old brick homes commonly sell for more than a million dollars.
"We had some concerned parents in," says Dutra. They were worried that the shop was one of the city's many storefront cannabis shops, she says.
Walking on eggshells
The Dragon has expanded from its original outlet in North York to three locations around the city, in this spot replacing a fruit and vegetable stand about nine months ago.
Dutra says business was slow at first, but now during the busy period in the late afternoon, there is almost too much business for a single employee. Some of the shoppers are local residents, but the shop's location, visible from the Jane subway station, helps draw in customers.
As to whether the shop will begin selling pot if the new laws permit, Dutra is careful. "That depends," is all she'll say, offering an email address for the chain's owner.
Products in what used to be called a head shop, but experts say the number of ways of consuming marijuana is about to explode, with many of the innovations having nothing to do with smoke. "For now everyone's sort of walking on eggshells," says Marc Lustig, CEO of Ottawa-based marijuana investment company CannaRoyalty.
Until the federal government reveals the details of its new pot rules and the new U.S. administration decides whether it will take a soft or hard line on marijuana-related businesses currently legal under state laws, investors remain nervous.
And while Lustig is confident the sector is due for explosive growth, he thinks people investing in growing pot for sale to pot smokers are not going to be the big winners.
Pot-smoking going the way of the dodo
"I see the future of the cannabis sector much more around the new products that are going to come," says Lustig, who listed his company six weeks ago. "Smoking has gone the way of the dodo bird."
Lustig says that legal cannabis producers, businesses that until recently seemed so exotic, are competing to grow the same relatively undifferentiated commodity.
Shop clerk Jamie Dutra gestures in front of a wall of bongs and hookahs and other cannabis-related products in the Bloor West Village area of Toronto. (Don Pittis/CBC) "The Canadian marketplace is dominated by, now, 20 different public companies that are all licensed producers," says Lustig. "But their business model is one-dimensional: I build a greenhouse, I produce bud and I hope to sell that bud."
He may be overstating the case. Canopy Growth, leader in a large group of Canadian pot-related firms and valued at more than $1 billion — 10 times the capitalization of Lustig's company — has diverse research interests.
But Lustig's point is a good one, that the most lucrative and high growth part of the cannabis business may not be growing pot.
Lustig's strategy is to invest in companies in Canada and the U.S., many much smaller than his own firm, that are finding ways to ingest pot without smoking, such as by absorbing it under the tongue or through the skin with a dermal patch.
Some companies are researching even more sophisticated uses.
At Toronto-based Bodhi Research, for example, scientists study ways to use cannabis products to treat concussions. Resolve Digital uses a high-tech device to measure and record exact aspirated doses of cannabis oil as medication. Another Canadian firm, Anandia in B.C., is studying plant genetics, extraction of active ingredients and quality testing techniques.
"I believe the cannabis sector will be bigger than both the tobacco sector and the spirits sector," says Lustig.
While marijuana may also be a recreational drug, he says, it has the added capacity to be an important part of the pharmaceutical industry, especially as the plant loses its image as a street drug.
"It was illegal. No one could do any medical research on it ... but it's not as bad for me as opiates," says Lustig. At a time when people are dying from opiate overdoses, that is a message that resonates.
Original research takes time. The Canadian marijuana industry is still in its infancy, and as The Dragon shows, smoking has not gone away.
But in its growing complexity, the potential of cannabis is about a lot more than smoke.
Follow Don on Twitter @don_pittis
More analysis from Don Pittis
Formula 1 championship leader Lewis Hamilton has been named, the world's most marketable athlete by SportsPro magazine. Also three more F1 racers names included in the top 50 list, Toro Rosso speedy Daniil Kvyat (40th), Sauber reserve driver Simona de Silvestro (50th) and four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel set 27th place on the list.
Lewis Hamilton gets benefit from strong DBI and awareness ratings around the world, ahead of Indian cricketer Virat Kohli and Robert Griffin III has the best ratings of any American on this year's list.
While SportsPro's annual list looks ahead and attempts to forecast the next three years of an athlete's career, Repucom's DBI Index provides a here and now assessment of marketability and awareness.
The Celebrity Davie-Brown Index (DBI) measures consumer perception of more than 5,600 celebrities in 15 markets around the world. This year, for the first time, Repucom, the sports research giant which operates DBI internationally, has produced a score for a selection of the athletes on SportsPro's 50 Most Marketable Athletes list.
The source sportspromedia explains that:- Not for the first time this year, Lewis Hamilton finds himself leading a dramatically reordered field. The industry will go into kaleidoscopic flux after the Fifa World Cup in Brazil this summer and as the pieces float dreamily down, it is hard to judge where they will fall. But there are always global stars in global sports.
Whatever the ethics and the methods by which it gets there, Formula One will reach a host of new markets in the next few years: Russia, maybe Mexico, perhaps even Azerbaijan. It will remain in all of the territories where it has established its glamorous reputation; still relevant, despite the machinations of its chief executive and a high-pitched whine over the sound of its new engines.
And about those engines: Hamilton took the gamble of his life two years ago when he left McLaren, the team that had reared him from kart-racing adolescence, to join the still-lumbering project at German giant Mercedes.
The rewards could now prove substantial. The Brackley-based team appear to have adapted far more comfortably than their rivals to the sweeping changes to Formula One's technical regulations. He will have to see off team-mate Nico Rosberg, but the new number 44 has his best chance at a world title since winning his first seven years ago.
List – The World's 50 Most Marketable 2014
Pos Names Nationality Sports Item 1 Lewis Hamilton GBR Formula 1 2 Virat Kohli IND Cricket 3 Robert Griffin III JPN American Football 4 Cristiano Ronaldo POT Football 5 Grigor Dimitrov BUL Tennis 6 Usain Bolt JAM Sprinter 7 Neymar jr BRA Football 8 Missy Franklin USA Swimmer 9 Blake Griffin USA Basketball 10 Sloane Stephens USA Tennis 11 Lionel Messi ARG Football 12 Adam Scott AUS Golf 13 Eugenie Bouchard CAN Tennis 14 Alex Morgan USA Football 15 Novak Djokovic SER Tennis 16 Marc Marquez SPA MotoGP 17 Mike Trout USA Baseball 18 Ronda Rousey USA UFC 19 Jordan Spieth USA Golf 20 Alan Oliveira USA Paralympian Athlete 21 Andy Murray GBR Tennis 22 Saul Alvarez MEX Boxer 23 Mikaela Shiffrin USA Ski Racer 24 Rory McIlroy IRL Golf 25 Austin Dillon USA Stock Car Racing 26 Stephen Curry USA Basketball 27 Sebastian Vettel GER Formula 1 28 Katarina Johnson-Thompson GBR Heptathlon 29 Anthony Davis USA Basketball 30 Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain GBR Football 31 Victoria Azarenka BER Tennis 32 Steven Stamkos CAN Ice Hockey 33 Johnny Manziel USA American Football 34 Mami Sato JPN Paralympian long jumper 35 Kevin Pietersen GBR Cricket 36 Brittney Griner USA Basketball 37 James Harden USA Basketball 38 Fabiana Claudino BRA Volleyball 39 Taylor Phinney USA Cyclist 40 Daniil Kvyat RUS Formula 1 41 Sonny Bill Williams NEZ Rugby 42 Sir Ben Ainslie GBR Sailing 43 Gabriel Medina BRA Surfer 44 Julian Green USA Football 45 Masahiro Tanaka JPN Baseball 46 Carmelo Anthony USA Basketball 47 Youxue Mo CHN Athletics 48 Caroline Wozniacki DEN Tennis 49 Martin Fourcade FRA Biathlete 50 Simona de Silvestro SWZ Formula 1
Credit:sportspromedia
Leap, the luxury bus service that rolled out in March, has temporarily suspended its service today after facing a new regulatory challenge. The venture-backed private service had set out to improve San Francisco residents' daily commute by offering an alternative to public transit. But regulators have stepped in to stop it.
“While we believe our service is in full compliance with all state and local laws, we have decided to halt operations until we clear this final hurdle,” the company said in a statement posted on Facebook today. When it first launched, Leap was widely criticized in the Bay Area for being an elitist transit alternative for rich commuters looking to sip third-wave coffee as they surfed the private WiFi network and snuggled into leather seats.
That didn't stop riders from hopping on board for $6 a ride. But, like many startups that have jumped into heavily regulated industries with the hope of improving a service that already exists, Leap has run headlong into authorities who by now are well-practiced at wrangling with "disruptive" startups. Unlike Uber and Airbnb in their early days, when defying regulators was seen as a badge of honor, Leap's action seems to show it believes the battle isn't worth it. And these days, a Silicon Valley chastened by years of butting heads with government might see cooperation as the smarter move.
Getting Along to Go Along
Leap did not disclose today what specific regulatory concern marks its "final hurdle." But the company said it has received a cease and desist notice from the California Public Utilities Commission, which regulates all privately owned public utilities from water to transportation companies.
WIRED reached out to the PUC and received a copy of the notice, which claims Leap failed to provide some of the necessary safety and compliance paperwork needed to operate in the state. The regulatory agency says Leap neglected to meet safety and insurance requirements, including public liability, property damage, and workers' compensation insurance as well as compliance with drug and alcohol testing rules.
The cease and desist demands Leap halt operations or face fines of up to $5,000 or a year in prison per day. This is similar to the crackdown that Uber, Lyft, and Sidecar faced when the PUC sought to shut them down in 2012. Unlike those companies, however, Leap has actually suspended its service. And it looks like it's willing to work with the PUC to comply before starting back up.
While Uber is well-known for bucking local laws and continuing to operate despite regulators' demands, Leap appears to be opting out of confrontation. The hurdle for Leap isn't whether privatized transit services can exist as it was for Uber, Lyft, and Sidecar. Those companies have already paved that path. But since compliance ultimately seems unavoidable, Leap may be asking, why not do it now? The startup seems to have learned from its predecessors' legal troubles that sometimes defiance not worth the fight—stop the service, fix the problems, and then continue without the hassle (or bad publicity).
The Road Less Disrupted
Regulators may be savvier about startups, but Silicon Valley has gotten smarter about dealing with regulators, too. Leap is backed in part by top venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, which launched a new policy and regulatory affairs unit last month with the goal of ensuring that startups in the company's portfolio are prepared to deal with regulatory demands—in other words, to get along with government, not defy it.
Leap, for its part, said in its Facebook post that the finalization of its "permitting process has been held up due to various clerical issues,” though it did not elaborate what permits were not complete. (Leap did not immediately respond to WIRED's request for comment.) But the fact that it's bothering to get them at all feels like a stepping away from the "move fast and break things" attitude that has generated so much Silicon Valley success but also earned it so much ire.
To be sure, the seemingly endless legal challenges faced by Uber, Airbnb, and their competitors haven't ultimately undermined their businesses. Arguably, they are more powerful today than ever before. And Leap would not doubt like to find the kind of success those more senior startups are enjoying. “We hope to be back on the road in no time,” Leap said in its post. Just not, apparently, by taking the same route.
New Japan Pro-Wrestling's standard bearer Kazuchika Okada has a heavy burden to bear.
As arguably the figurehead of the company, the 29-year-old, now into his fourth reign as the IWGP Heavyweight champion, has to ensure that tickets get sold to its wrestling shows.
He need not have worried about the Singapore reception. Some 1,300 fans, both local and Japanese, packed the Marina Bay Sands convention hall on Tuesday (Nov 15), to watch an exciting blend of storytelling and in-ring action.
The NJPW is the largest pro-wrestling company in Japan and the second largest in the world, behind the United States' famous WWE.
Founded in 1972 by wrestling legend Antonio Inoki, it holds several pay-per-views each year.
Wrestle Kingdom, held annually in January at the Tokyo Dome, is its largest event of the year. Other annual tournaments include the G1 Climax, World Tag League and New Japan Cup.
When Okada was 14, he decided to be a professional wrestler. He started training at 15 and made his debut a year later.
In 2010, NJPW sent him to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in the United States to further develop his wrestling skills. While his stint was not entirely successful, Okada developed his present Rainmaker nickname there.
Okada, who spoke through an interpreter, told The Straits Times: "I heard of the word 'rainmaker'. It means one particular star who could make a company or project rich and successful. Someone that makes it rain with money.
"I thought it was a really good concept so I took over that idea to become the rainmaker."
Despite the Rainmaker having a "bad guy" persona, Okada played the character so well such that it turned him into a favourite with fans.
Standing at 1.91m, Okada towers over his fellow Japanese colleagues in and out of the ring.
Although he has the physical attributes sought by rival company WWE, Okada has no plans to join the American sports entertainment juggernaut.
It's a question he has been asked often and his answer has always been the same. A firm no.
He has watched his compatriot Shinsuke Nakamura and former colleagues AJ Styles and Finn Balor leave NJPW for WWE where they've tasted championship success but does not see himself following in their footsteps.
Right now, his priority is selling out Tokyo Dome, where Wrestle Kingdom - NJPW's marquee event of the year - is held (on Jan 4 next year).
He said: "I want to see the stands fully packed with fans."
The charismatic wrestler has a softer side to him. In 2014, he established the Rainmaker Kikin (Rainmaker fund), dedicated to raising funds for child cancer.
He donates 30,000 yen (S$378) from every match he wins.
"My uncle suffered from cancer so I decided to start this fund to give back to society," said Okada, who wrestles in about 150 matches a year.
He now hopes that Japanese wrestlers as well as foreign wrestlers who have competed in Japan will become more successful and popular, so there will be more awareness of NJPW.
He added: "I hope these wrestlers become more famous so that they can spread the word about NJPW."
The fans who packed MBS last Tuesday are just the start.
The owners of Donald Trump's unofficial headquarters in the virtual reality world of “Second Life” purchased a 100-meter-tall sign directly across from the simulated Sanders HQ so that avatars can teleport to it.
Vandals and some snoopy reporters were already banned from entering the private Second Life Trump Manor. But the Trump HQ, which debuted this weekend, will be more accessible, says Comrade Kek, who owns both “buildings.”
Kek — who says he won't reveal his real name to protect his family — runs “Donald Trump Thinks Your Waifu Is Shit” on Facebook, and has drawn attention from video game blogs for his virtual Mar-a-Lago. The Facebook group has over 6,000 members, and features mostly satirical posts in support of the leading Republican presidential candidate.
Second Life was created in 2003, and, in its heyday, had a million users. It's not really a game, but a virtual world where users use real money to buy fake property, and meet up with friends or interested observers.
In 2007, The New York Times published an article about an Obama for President headquarters — which was also unofficial — two months after “real-life Representative George Miller appeared there to mark the first day of the new Congress in avatar form.”
And, as Slate reported, the virtual HQ for former Sen. John Edwards was once digitally vandalized as well.
A few weeks ago, New World Notes was the first gaming website to do a story on the Second Life Trump Manor, located in the Lionheart Ahadi sim. But the blogger complained that just like the “real world Trump, virtual Trump doesn't exactly like journalists.”
He wrote that “within seconds after starting to stroll through Trump's mansion, a security robot booted me, depositing me back at my office, blinking in confusion.”
When the blogger tried to return, he discovered that “Virtual Trump had put up a big beautiful virtual wall to block out journalists and also presumably Mexicans, Muslims, and Megyn Kelly.”
A day later, SL Newser reported that the security system “had been set up due to griefers and less than reasonable political activists.” That blogger was also told by a schoolgirl avatar that his group wanted to do “something political in Second Life for the election.”
The security system was built, the “schoolgirl” said, because they “had some issues with various miscreant protesters” or griefers, “and even people just poking around without permission because of the Trump signs.” He added that his group includes “lots of furries” — people who adore animal characters — “I don't know why furries like Trump, but a lot seem to.”
“As far as our security goes,” Comrade Kek told The Daily Caller, via Facebook and Twitter DMs, “so far we have an AI computer set up [that can] remove objects from anyone who is not on a set list,” and “it can also ban repeat offenders who spam objects.”
Comrade Kek further explained: “Scripts are enabled so potentially someone could use scripts to make swastikas come out of their bodies, for example, but this risk is minor. I am also friends with the estate manager on the land that I rent and any griefers would be dealt with swiftly.”
Asked if he intended to contact the official Trump campaign, he told TheDC, “not really, it wouldn't really serve much of a purpose,” since “we aren't asking for donations,” and only “using publicly available campaign material along with our own stuff we have created.”
However, “it'd be nice to have their blessing.”
“But I sort of fear asking because of what Republican Sen. John McCain's guys did to his Second Life supporters,” before the 2008 presidential election, — “They DMCA'ed them.”
“We know that Trump knows we are out there, his ‘internet people,' as he said once,” Kek explained.
“We will be making digital freebie versions of Trump Ice, Trump Vodka and Trump Steaks, all for free, no charge whatsoever,” Kek said. “Just a tribute and a bit of a novelty item for everyone.”
Since opening this past weekend, the “HQ is getting 30+ visitors a day, like 10 people constantly hanging out there debating politics.”
SL Newser also visited the Bernie Sanders HQ in Caspoli sim, but the only virtual place the blogger could find related to Hillary Clinton was in Pandorus sim, which turned out to be “a dark, small, rusty place with barbed wire fence and a walking skeleton.”
Entranced with the virtual Trump buildings, Gawker Media's Kotaku has since published three posts over the last week. The first story, largely drew from what was already reported, but in the second one, the Kotaku journalist was also “forcibly ejected by security.” In the third article, the reporter, “disguised as a pink Chocobo from Final Fantasy” thought that the “forces of chaos” had formed an anti-Trump rally, who “wandered over to the Trump auditorium to discuss how much Kotaku sucks and then crash the sim.”
But Kotaku didn't contact Kek, the man says, and the reporter apparently got it wrong. The “forces of chaos” arent even anti-Trump, and they're actually friends, Kek said.
“They're with us, LMAO,” he told Daily Caller. “Trust Kotaku to not interview anyone AGAIN and get the whole story tits up AGAIN.”
Asked why he uses an alias, Comrade Kek said it was because he had a family and “in America, Trump equals Hitler to the small minded. People have been beaten up, had their shit vandalized, I don't want that to happen to me.”
The wall built across from the Sanders HQ costs “999 Lindens a week, which equals at current exchange rate $3.04,” Kek explained, and it's “worth every penny.”
He added that “it's pretty petty, but it amuses me.”
“I like Bernie as a person,” he said, and “he seems like a swell guy, but he is economically illiterate and ignorant.”
The Trump supporter isn't as genial about his candidate's top rival, Sen. Ted Cruz. “Two words: establishment rat. He is exactly what is wrong with the Republican party.” Sounding a bit like Trump, he added, “Cruz is a slimey career politician who lies like it's going out of style.”
When asked if he was based in New York, since his Facebook contact page includes a 212 area code, Kek admitted “that's a slight bit of mischief on my part, it's the number for Trump Tower.”
Kek works in the UK, but his absentee ballot is already filled out — presumably using his real name — so that he can vote for Trump in New York's April 19th primary.
In June, he hopes to meet up with his team in California so that they attend a Trump rally, for the first time, in person, in real life.
Story highlights A long way to go before comparing Mueller and Starr or Trump and Clinton
Only two Democrats are officially using the word at this point
(CNN) An empowered special counsel. A White House consumed by scandal and on its heels. You don't have to make too big a leap to get from Donald Trump's White House of today to Bill Clinton's White House of the 1990s.
But there's a long way to go before we can start making real comparisons between Robert Mueller and Ken Starr or Trump and Clinton.
That doesn't mean a very few Democrats aren't trying. Reps. Brad Sherman of California and Al Green of Texas introduced an Article of Impeachment against Trump Wednesday, arguing that Trump's alleged attempts to influence former FBI Director James Comey and Comey's subsequent firing equal high crimes and misdemeanors, one of the bars for impeachment.
For starters there's no indication that Trump is anywhere near to being impeached. Only those two Democrats are officially using the word at this point. The rest of their party in Washington, for now, is more focused on Trump's policy and the coming midterm elections.
When Trump fired his FBI Director, a number of Democrats used the word "impeachment" and David Gergen, the noted former aide to both Republican and Democratic presidents said, "we're in impeachment territory now."
Elane Photography LLC v. Vanessa Willock is the case in which an Albuquerque, NM woman has (thus far successfully) sued husband-and-wife photographers under New Mexico's “public accommodations” discrimination law for their reluctance to shoot photos of her commitment ceremony to a female partner. One of the most dismaying elements of the case is that the American Civil Liberties Union has taken the anti-liberty side. Adam Liptak in the NYT:
I asked Louise Melling, a lawyer at the American Civil Liberties Union, which has a distinguished history of championing free speech, how the group had evaluated the case. Ms. Melling said the evaluation had required difficult choices. Photography is expression protected by the Constitution, she said, and Ms. [Elane] Huguenin acted from “heartfelt convictions.” But the equal treatment of gay couples is more important than the free speech rights of commercial photographers, she said, explaining why the A.C.L.U. filed a brief in the New Mexico Supreme Court supporting the couple.
The ACLU of all groups should have no reason to see this as a “difficult choice” or as a conflict of constitutional values. Free speech and expression rights, which extend to the right not to engage in expression on behalf of a cause one deplores, are central constitutional values and the ACLU is the very first organization people turn to to defend them. Equal treatment of gay couples by private actors, on the other hand (as distinct from by the government itself) has no clear status as a constitutional value at all.
Shame on the ACLU for selling out civil liberties principle in favor of its current notions of civil rights. As Jacob Sullum points out, if it “cannot bring itself to stand up for Huguenin's rights, it should at least have the decency to sit this one out.” In the meantime, it would do well to adopt some new and changed name on its letterhead, such as American Civil Rights Union.
I'm happy to say that Cato (with law professors Dale Carpenter and Eugene Volokh) filed an amicus brief supporting the photographers' rights before the New Mexico Supreme Court, albeit unsuccessfully. Certiorari has now been sought at the U.S. Supreme Court.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A barmy idea to scrap the titles Mr and Mrs is being considered at a city hall – so people do not have to decide their gender.
Councillors want to stop using the terms on the authority's documents so transgender residents are not upset by having to choose one of the “useless” tags.
But the proposals have been slammed by Tory councillor Dawn Barnett who said: “It's completely ludicrous and shows a lack of respect. How are they going to address letters properly?”
Brighton and Hove city council's deputy leader, Phelim MacCafferty, is on the panel behind the controversial plans for Britain's gay capital.
Mr MacCafferty, from the Green Party which runs the authority in East Sussex, said: “Trans people aren't necessarily male or female and sometimes don't want to be defined by their gender.
"Putting Mr and Mrs on a form is completely useless.”
And transgender activist Steph Scott said: “Being called Mr or Mrs forces me to choose between genders.
"It's assuming people live in a binary world and it pigeonholes people.”
The council will make a decision on the proposal in December.
A long overdue debate is opening up in Labour about its position on immigration. It will be difficult for Labour to win the next general election if it can't do better than rock bottom on what is the public's number one concern.
The debate is seen as a choice between freedom of movement and reducing numbers. This isn't quite right because it assumes freedom of movement is unrestricted – and this is untrue. EU citizens can be deported after six months and prevented from re-entry under certain circumstances although these powers are rarely used. In researching my book Becoming British, I discovered that 2,731 Europeans were removed in the year up to June 2014 and only 19 allowed to return over a year later.
Labour MPs including current shadow home secretary Diane Abbott, and Yvette Cooper, one of her predecessors, are developing new ideas about what a progressive immigration policy might look like for the party. Here are four key principles they should consider:
Firstly, a progressive policy is shaped by the past and looks to the future. We should not romanticise a past monolithic Britain that never was. Turning back the clock turns our back against our shared history. Respect for our differences in a modern, multicultural Britain is not a tolerance of the status quo but a recognition of what Britain is. This should be embraced, not overlooked.
Secondly, Labour should focus on reducing impact and not look only at numbers. Kicking migrants out will not make the problems of impact go away. Immigration is a concern for many because of pressures on public services like healthcare, employment, education and housing. Relief through a migrant-funded migration impact fund is a step in the right direction – only cutting numbers so having fewer doctors, employers and teachers will only make a bad situation worse.
Thirdly, integration is not a one-way street. While the new report from the APPG on social integration has many welcome recommendations, its focus is too narrow and we should not see integration as something that immigrants are to do by themselves alone. This is how the system works for many at present. As a migrant from the US, for example, I first learned about television licensing when I had a knock on the door from an enforcement officer. If we want migrants to integrate, we must provide support so they can.
Building fair, sustainable communities works both ways. New citizens must engage with their new localities for sure, but we gain new members and have responsibilities to them too. If knowing English helps create better integration and employment prospects, we need to tackle functional illiteracy for citizens old and new – including the left-behind. Supporting high English standards is not for migrants alone, but for everyone with benefits for all.
Finally, becoming British shouldn't be alienating. All permanent residents must pass a citizenship test that is more like a bad pub quiz. It's scandalous that a knowledge test few British citizens can pass is the bar for new members to join the club. My research exposed that instead of helping new citizens become more positive about becoming British they were instead left feeling more cut-off. Becoming British should not be done in isolation – new members are joining a community.
Failing to listen or even care to whether the current system helps migrants integrate shows how impoverished the system has become. But keeping it in a form few understand and travelled alone sells short the strong community spirit Britain has and progressives celebrate.
Thom Brooks is head of Durham Law School and author of Becoming British, published by Biteback.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Jonathan Chait complains today that Republicans always justify their claim that tax cuts boost the economy by simply taking credit for the normal economic expansions that happen afterward:
They deemed the Reagan tax cuts to be a growth miracle by starting at the trough of a recession, in 1982, and measuring through the peak of the expansion, in 1990. The 1980s expansion was actually an unremarkable business cycle recovery, but by measuring from the trough to the peak, conservative propaganda transformed it into a miracle.
OK, let's do just the opposite. Let's take a look at economic growth after each of the six major tax bills since 1980, but for each one we'll arbitrarily use the decade following. Everyone gets exactly ten years and that's that. This is blogging without a net: I have no idea how this is going to turn out, but I promise to post the results regardless of what they look like.
….And here they are:
There you have it. None of this matters, of course, since Republicans pass tax cuts mostly to please their donor class, not due to any macroeconomic evidence that they do much for the economy. Still, at least we got a colorful chart out of the deal.
The U.S. Navy will start giving Breathalyzer tests to Marines and sailors reporting for duty aboard ships and submarines and at squadrons, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus announced Monday in a worldwide call to forces.
The testing is part of a new 21st Century Sailor and Marine initiative -- a multi-prong program aimed at reinforcing healthy lifestyles both on and off-duty. The program emphasizes healthy lifestyles through nutrition, responsible alcohol consumption, zero tolerance for drug use and fitness programs as well as suicide prevention, family and personal preparedness and financial planning.
Not only will sailors reporting for duty watch have to submit to alcohol testing, random Breathalyzers will be done elsewhere "to reduce the occurrence of alcohol-related incidents that can end careers and sometimes end lives," the Navy confirmed to Fox News.
"This is not done to punish, but to help. We want to help sailors and Marines make good choices before something happens that can't be undone," Mabus said during remarks given aboard the USS Bataan in Norfolk, Va., which were televised and web-streamed live to the fleet.
Mabus said the goal is to maximize readiness, fitness and safety.
"When a sailor's or Marine's time in the military ends, whether it is after four years or 40, we want your productive life to continue and for you to leave the service in better health, more trained and better educated than when you came in," he said.
Alcohol screening equipment will be installed onboard ships throughout the year. The Marine Corps also will begin testing among selected units beginning in April.
According to Federal News Radio, a senior Navy official said the Breathalyzer tests would be non-punitive nor legally admissible, and is intended to let commanders of individual vessels get a heads-up about potential alcohol-related problems.
The Navy-wide alcohol testing plan reportedly comes after a successful pilot program in the Pacific submarine force in which alcohol related-incidents reportedly dropped by 45 percent after the tests began. In discussing the initiative, the Navy reported that alcohol-related motor vehicle fatalities are also down.
Federal News Radio reported that, currently, around 180 sailors per month are charged with DUI across the fleet.
The Navy is also beginning random testing of urine samples for chemical compounds like Spice, which is a synthetic marijuana, and will have a contractor conduct in-house testing until the Navy Drug Screening Lab is equipped to handle the new workload. This comes after the lab last month announced that it would undertake more prescription drug testing to look for commonly abused prescription drugs.
All positive drug results will be sent to the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and those found to have positive urinalysis results and wrongful possession of synthetic chemical compounds will be punished under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
"We have a professional and a moral obligation to lead, to train, to equip and to motivate," said Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Jonathan Greenert.
While emphasizing physical fitness in the "healthy mind, healthy body" mode, the Navy is also adopting a "Fueled to Fight" program fleetwide to provide a "nutrition strategy" to improve performance.
The Navy is also aiming to become a 100 percent voluntarily smoke-free force by offering tools to quit and ending discounts for cigarettes in Navy and Marine Corps exchanges so prices rise to off-base sales.
While the Navy boasted improved safety last year, the new program aims to get sailors and Marines to "apply the same operational risk management skills to their off-duty activities."
"All leaders must guard against reckless behavior -- it jeopardizes the health, safety, and combat readiness of our entire force" said Gen. James F. Amos, commandant of the Marine Corps. "Risk mitigation is one of the best means available as we fight to eliminate senseless and needless loss of life and injury, both on duty and on liberty."
The Navy added that all personnel should "expect to work in a safe environment, free from harassment or hazards, and when confronted with these, have the resources available to immediately correct the problem."
To encourage women sailors of childbearing age to stay in the service, the initiative also will give new mothers12-month deferments from operational assignments.
The Navy is also setting up a new diversity office "committed to attracting, mentoring and retaining the most talented men and women who bring a diversity of background, culture and skill in service to our nation."
"We want to have a force that's ready, fit and healthy, both professionally and on a personal level," Navy Spokesman Cdr. Brenda Malone told Fox News.
BY: Follow @DavidRutz
The 29-year-old niece of former Vice President Joe Biden pleaded guilty on Friday to a $110,000 credit card scam.
Prosecutors said Caroline Biden admitted to grand larceny and petty larceny after she opened a line of credit on someone else's card without permission at New York City's C.O. Bigelow Apothecary, the New York Daily News reports:
The theft occurred between April 5, 2015 and June 24, 2016. Biden was given permission to use the victim's credit card to make a $672 purchase. But unbeknownst to the woman — who was not identified — Biden opened a line of credit at the swank store. If she pays back the money and stays out of trouble for a year, her top charge will be tossed and she'll be sentenced to two years' probation, according to the terms of her deal.
It's not her first bout of legal trouble. She was arrested in 2013 for assaulting a police officer and resisting arrest during a scuffle with a roommate about paying rent, although no one was injured. In 2014, she took a conditional dismissal deal on the grounds that she was in therapy for anger issues.
There are only five bodies in our solar system that are known to bear rings. The most obvious is the planet Saturn; to a lesser extent, rings of gas and dust also encircle Jupiter, Uranus, and Neptune. The fifth member of this haloed group is Chariklo, one of a class of minor planets called centaurs: small, rocky bodies that possess qualities of both asteroids and comets.
Scientists only recently detected Chariklo's ring system -- a surprising finding, as it had been thought that centaurs are relatively dormant. Now scientists at MIT and elsewhere have detected a possible ring system around a second centaur, Chiron.
In November 2011, the group observed a stellar occultation in which Chiron passed in front of a bright star, briefly blocking its light. The researchers analyzed the star's light emissions, and the momentary shadow created by Chiron, and identified optical features that suggest the centaur may possess a circulating disk of debris. The team believes the features may signify a ring system, a circular shell of gas and dust, or symmetric jets of material shooting out from the centaur's surface.
"It's interesting, because Chiron is a centaur -- part of that middle section of the solar system, between Jupiter and Pluto, where we originally weren't thinking things would be active, but it's turning out things are quite active," says Amanda Bosh, a lecturer in MIT's Department of Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences.
Bosh and her colleagues at MIT -- Jessica Ruprecht, Michael Person, and Amanda Gulbis -- have published their results in the journal Icarus.
Catching a shadow
Chiron, discovered in 1977, was the first planetary body categorized as a centaur, after the mythological Greek creature -- a hybrid of man and beast. Like their mythological counterparts, centaurs are hybrids, embodying traits of both asteroids and comets. Today, scientists estimate there are more than 44,000 centaurs in the solar system, concentrated mainly in a band between the orbits of Jupiter and Pluto.
While most centaurs are thought to be dormant, scientists have seen glimmers of activity from Chiron. Starting in the late 1980s, astronomers observed patterns of brightening from the centaur, as well as activity similar to that of a streaking comet.
In 1993 and 1994, James Elliot, then a professor of planetary astronomy and physics at MIT, observed a stellar occultation of Chiron and made the first estimates of its size. Elliot also observed features in the optical data that looked like jets of water and dust spewing from the centaur's surface.
Now MIT researchers -- some of them former members of Elliot's group -- have obtained more precise observations of Chiron, using two large telescopes in Hawaii: NASA's Infrared Telescope Facility, on Mauna Kea, and the Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope Network, at Haleakala.
In 2010, the team started to chart the orbits of Chiron and nearby stars in order to pinpoint exactly when the centaur might pass across a star bright enough to detect. The researchers determined that such a stellar occultation would occur on Nov. 29, 2011, and reserved time on the two large telescopes in hopes of catching Chiron's shadow.
"There's an aspect of serendipity to these observations," Bosh says. "We need a certain amount of luck, waiting for Chiron to pass in front of a star that is bright enough. Chiron itself is small enough that the event is very short; if you blink, you might miss it."
The team observed the stellar occultation remotely, from MIT's Building 54. The entire event lasted just a few minutes, and the telescopes recorded the fading light as Chiron cast its shadow over the telescopes.
Rings around a theory
The group analyzed the resulting light, and detected something unexpected. A simple body, with no surrounding material, would create a straightforward pattern, blocking the star's light entirely. But the researchers observed symmetrical, sharp features near the start and end of the stellar occultation -- a sign that material such as dust might be blocking a fraction of the starlight.
The researchers observed two such features, each about 300 kilometers from the center of the centaur. Judging from the optical data, the features are 3 and 7 kilometers wide, respectively. The features are similar to what Elliot observed in the 1990s.
In light of these new observations, the researchers say that Chiron may still possess symmetrical jets of gas and dust, as Elliot first proposed. However, other interpretations may be equally valid, including the "intriguing possibility," Bosh says, of a shell or ring of gas and dust.
Ruprecht, who is a researcher at MIT's Lincoln Laboratory, says it is possible to imagine a scenario in which centaurs may form rings: For example, when a body breaks up, the resulting debris can be captured gravitationally around another body, such as Chiron. Rings can also be leftover material from the formation of Chiron itself.
"Another possibility involves the history of Chiron's distance from the sun," Ruprecht says. "Centaurs may have started further out in the solar system and, through gravitational interactions with giant planets, have had their orbits perturbed closer in to the sun. The frozen material that would have been stable out past Pluto is becoming less stable closer in, and can turn into gases that spray dust and material off the surface of a body. "
An independent group has since combined the MIT group's occultation data with other light data, and has concluded that the features around Chiron most likely represent a ring system. However, Ruprecht says that researchers will have to observe more stellar occultations of Chiron to truly determine which interpretation -- rings, shell, or jets -- is the correct one.
"If we want to make a strong case for rings around Chiron, we'll need observations by multiple observers, distributed over a few hundred kilometers, so that we can map the ring geometry," Ruprecht says. "But that alone doesn't tell us if the rings are a temporary feature of Chiron, or a more permanent one. There's a lot of work that needs to be done."
Nevertheless, Bosh says the possibility of a second ringed centaur in the solar system is an enticing one.
"Until Chariklo's rings were found, it was commonly believed that these smaller bodies don't have ring systems," Bosh says. "If Chiron has a ring system, it will show it's more common than previously thought."
Home TV News Inside No. 9 to return for Series 3 Inside No. 9 to return for Series 3
Update, 20th January 2016: Cast details announced
Update, 20th October: Reece Shearsmith has now confirmed this news, tweeting: "This is rumour control - here are the facts. We are indeed making a third series of Inside No 9. Steve and I have written the new series."
Update, 21th October: The BBC has now confirmed the news too, saying "The third series promises to raise the bar ever higher."
British Comedy Guide understands that BBC Two has given the go-ahead for a third series of Inside No. 9.
Reece Shearsmith and Steve Pemberton's dark anthology series delivers a unique setting, story and characters in each episode. The only linking item between each edition is that '9' is the number of the setting: be it a house, room, cubicle, compartment, or flat.
Running for two series to date on BBC Two, news of a Series 3 commission has yet to be confirmed by the corporation, but British Comedy Guide understands that writers and stars Shearsmith and Pemberton are already working on the new series.
Reece Shearsmith is currently starring in Hangmen, a play at The Royal Court Theatre in London. However, when the play transfers to Wyndham's Theatre in the West End in December, Shearsmith will reportedly be leaving the cast so he can work on Inside No. 9.
News of the show's return will not come as a surprise to many, as Series 2 - broadcast in March and April 2015 - was widely praised by both viewers and critics. The Radio Times called the show "utterly superb"; The Observer commented each episode was a "perfect little half-hour"; and The Times noted "although every single episode in this series is completely different, somehow Messrs Pemberton and Shearsmith manage to score one bullseye after another."
The 12 Days Of Christine - a tense, highly emotional drama in Series 2 guest starring Sheridan Smith - was particularly lauded by the press, with, for example, The Independent labelling the episode "one of the best pieces of television for years."
Inside No. 9 is expected to do well in the forthcoming TV awards season. Last month at the BBC Production Awards, Sir David Jason presented the show with an award for Programme of the Year. Executive Producer Jon Plowman said at the time: "It is thrilling to have made the programme of the year and to have been allowed to make a programme that is indefinable in terms of its genre."
There are no details yet about what the new stories may be about, however speaking to British Comedy Guide in an interview earlier this year, Pemberton said: "You go into a new series of Inside No. 9 with literally everything to play for. We're not wedded to any characters, we're not worried about story arcs... Reece and I can sit down and go 'right, what are we going to do?'.
"We just write them one at a time; it's not like we map out all six at the beginning. We just settle on one idea, and then write it. Once you get into that rhythm the ideas will come. Sometimes you can go up a blind alley, but we've been very lucky in our relationship with [Executive Producer] Jon Plowman and [Producer] Adam Tandy at the BBC in that they've left us alone to write."
He added: "How the hell we'd top what we did in Series 2 and Series 1 I don't know, but I very much hope we'd be given the opportunity to try."
Series 1 of Inside No. 9 is currently being repeated on Gold on Sunday nights. Meanwhile both series are available on DVD. Earlier this year Shearsmith & Pemberton recorded and uploaded to the internet bonus Series 2 episode commentaries
21st October update:
The BBC, talking about Series 3, says: "The anthology format continues as before, each film being set in a different location, the style and tone changing each week, combining a different mix of horror, thriller, drama and comedy, always aiming to surprise, delight, unnerve and amuse in equal measure. With ambitious production values and screenplays that tell original stories in ways which most sitcom and drama series do not attempt, the third series will continue to celebrate the craft of the stand-alone comedy drama."
Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith themselves comment: "We are thrilled to have the chance to explore six more number 9's. Every story is a labour of love, so we will do our best to ensure the viewers are once again moved to tears of laughter and terror. (If you can get tears of terror.)"
BBC Comedy's Shane Allen adds: "Reece and Steve's grasp of story-telling and comic inventiveness slices the top of your head off. This return will continue to enthral and surprise audiences with some ideas that may even make you want to sleep with the light on."
BBC Two boss Kim Shillinglaw comments: "BBC Two should be the place where creatives can do their best, most signature work and I'm delighted that Steve and Reece are returning with another series of Inside No. 9; their deliciously dark, grown up humour is just what I want to see on the channel."
Share this page
It's December and, thanks to this place called Amazon, I finished my Christmas shopping way too early and have a chance to dissect the front runners for the National League in 2014.
Let's take a long hard look at the St. Louis Cardinals. They're like that dude you see in the gym every day. He doesn't look over-powering but you know he would beat you down in a fight. While you're pumping out some insane reps, hoping to get ripped in time for that New Year's party, he's methodically working on his cardio, some stretching and moderate weight lifting. He's consistent, working at it for months and years because his goal is to be healthy for the long haul.
Back to the Cardinals…
Rosenthal, Martinez, Motte and friends – that's a deep bullpen, capable of blowing the fastball by you quite often and going off-speed when they need to. They're like that gym dude's arms – not big and flashy but you know he would beat you 2 out of 3 in an arm wrestle. Toned and lean, you know he's been doing those bicep curls and tricep extensions for a long time. Trevor Rosenthal and the returning Jason Motte will anchor a bullpen that balances youthful ambition and veteran experience.
Wainwright, Wacha, Miller, Lynn, Kelly, Garcia – let's consider them the team's core. Just like that gym dude doing crunches and sit-ups at length day after day, this rotation is deep enough to throw long into many games. Not glamorous, but when you do it enough, just like that dude's back and abs, you wish you could be that good. A rotation like this doesn't happen overnight, but you know they put in a lot of work and other GM's wish they had a rotation capable of pitching over 1000 innings and winning 80+ games on their own.
Holliday, Craig, Taveras patrolling the outfield – a savvy combination of power, speed, instincts and defense. Let's call them the dude's legs because without them it's nearly impossible to be effective. While you're skipping leg day because it's not glamorous, that dude is working through the un-sexy calf raises, squats and lunges that allow him to kick your butt, just like that trio of outfielders will quietly go about putting up good numbers.
Molina, Carpenter, Adams, Peralta, Wong – let's say this infield is the dude's chest and shoulders. Maybe not benching the most weight in the gym, but still thick as a brick and you know he's always putting in the work and has no problem going shirtless at the beach. These guys will offer enough defense to contend and blend sufficient speed with great contact and power.
Bourjos, Jay, Descalso, Kozma, Cruz – some speed, power and defense and a bit of everything you want coming off the bench. All blended in with a healthy dose of versatility. Consider them the multi-vitamin the dude takes every day. You know he's not swigging back a litre of water with some weight loss pill or muscle enhancer. He's the un-flashy multi-vitamin, with the occasional protein bar when life has him on the go and he doesn't want a burger and fries. Versatile, confident and predictable, you know what you can expect from the Cardinals bench.
Matheny, Mozeliak and co. – the brains of the entire operation. You know they have a long term plan that involves contending every single year and knowing just how they're going to do it. That dude, you know he has a plan too. He's going to enjoy life even when he's old. He may have a couple beers on the golf course and an extra portion of potatoes at Christmas, but he's going to be back in the gym doing some circuit training the next day. That's his plan, he's sticking to it. Even if he hit a few bumps on the way, he is the picture of success and what every young kid in the gym wants to be when they get to be their father's age.
Every MLB team has a plan. Some may win now, some may win later, and some just want to make a profit. But you know they all aspire to be a perennial winner like the Cardinals.
As for me? I just want to be a bit more like that dude.
Thanks for reading. Feel free to follow me on Twitter – @sellmyhomemike. You can follow our baseball department @BestCoastBias, @nvincelli, @yankeefever2011, @tonytalkssports, @LWOS_ Sibo, @purplerocktober, and @lastwordmatt and can also follow the site while you are at it – @lastwordonsport and like our Facebook Page.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? If so, check out our “Join Our Team” page to find out how.
Remember robosigning and the whole fraudclosure scandal? In a few days you can forget it. Because in America, the cost of contractual rights was just announced, and it is $25 billion: this is the amount of money that banks will pay to settle the fact that for years mortgages were issued and re-issued without proper title and liens on the underlying paper, courtesy of Linda Green et al. Why is this happening? Because staunch hold outs for equitable justice (at least until this point), the AGs of NY and California folded like cheap lawn chairs (we can't wait to find what corner office of Bank of America they end up in), but not before the one and only intervened. From the WSJ: "The Obama administration made a full-court press over the past four days to secure the support of key state attorneys general, including those from Florida, California and New York." Nothing like a little presidential persuasion to help one with overcoming one's conscience. Because in America the push to abrogate the very foundation of contractual agreements comes from the very top. But wait, there's more - just to wash its hands of the guilt associated with this settlement which shows once and for all that the Democratic administration panders as much if not more to the banking syndicate as any republican administration, as it announces one settlement with one hand, with the other the US will sue banks over the mortgage reps and warranties issue covered extensively here, in the most glaringly obtuse way to distract that it is gifting trillions worth of contingent liabilities right back to the banks, not to mention discarding the whole concept of justice. From the WSJ: "Federal securities regulators plan to warn several major banks that they intend to sue them over mortgage-related actions linked to the financial crisis, according to people familiar with the matter. The move would mark a stepped-up regulatory effort to hold Wall Street accountable for its sale of bonds linked to subprime mortgages in 2007 and 2008. At issue is whether the banks misrepresented the poor quality of loan pools they bundled and sold to investors, the people said." Wait, let us guess -that particular lawsuit will end up in a... settlement? Ding ding ding. We have a winner. All today's news succeed in doing is finally wrapping up any and all legal loose ends, so that banks can finally wrap all outstanding litigation overhangs at pennies on the dollar. And if at the end of the day, they find themselves cash strapped, why the US will simply loan them more cash of course.
First, here is the WSJ, on the banks that will benefit from the fraudclosure settlement:
Government officials are on the verge of an agreement worth as much as $25 billion with five major banks, capping a yearlong push to settle federal and state probes of alleged foreclosure abuses by lenders. The deal would represent the largest government-industry settlement since a multistate deal with the tobacco industry in 1998. The agreement covers five banks: Ally Financial Inc., Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc., J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., and Wells Fargo & Co. Together, the five handle payments on 55% of all outstanding home loans, or around 27 million mortgages, according to Inside Mortgage Finance.
These are the banks benefitting from Uncle Sam's decision to finally unclog the foreclosure pathway, as banks will no longer have to prove in court they are in fact the title owners.
But just in case popular outrage at this act is a little much, at the same time banks sued over fabricating Reps and Warranties will be: "Ally Financial Inc., Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc., Deutsche Bank AG and Goldman Sachs Group Inc." What an odd coincidence: gift with one hand, and take away with the other from virtually all the same banks.
Only it is not really taking away: it is merely putting the wheels in motion that will ultimately result in the same type of settlement that will make a mockery of the legal process in the US, and expose all the state Attorneys General as banker puppets, doing the bidding of the highest bidder... and of Obama of course.
Some more, on the "gifting"
The planned pact would involve around $5 billion in cash penalties, payable to borrowers, states and the federal government. That includes $1.5 billion in cash payments to borrowers who went through foreclosure between September 2008 and December 2011. Borrowers could receive $1,500 to $2,000 each, with the actual amount paid depending on the number of borrowers filing a claim. The agreement is expected to call on the banks to provide $20 billion in other aid—by cutting loan balances for tens of thousands of homeowners and by refinancing thousands of borrowers who are current on their loans but owe more than their homes are worth. Officials say the deal will help provide immediate benefits to around one million homeowners, while raising accountability for banks that work with borrowers facing foreclosure. The foreclosure process has been snarled since late 2010, after allegations that banks had serially submitted bogus mortgage documents when attempting to repossess homes from delinquent borrowers.
Why the push now?
The bank payments would unlock a large new source of housing funding at a time when Congress doesn't appear likely to approve new spending measures to tackle lingering problems facing housing markets, such as a refinancing program that President Obama unveiled last week.
30 pieces of silver? Or a corner office.
The three key states overcame misgivings about the plan in recent days, people familiar with the situation said. The inclusion of California is especially important: People familiar with the discussions say the banks would have been willing to pay just $19 billion without the participation of the nation's most-populous state. The office of California Attorney General Kamala Harris declined to comment. A spokeswoman for Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said that "while Attorney General Bondi has not yet joined the settlement, she is hopeful that a resolution will be reached soon."
The beneficiaries:
"It is frankly a headline victory for both banks and attorneys general with a modest impact on the housing market," said Joshua Rosner, managing director of investment firm Graham Fisher & Co. "It's not new money. It's all soft dollars to the banks," said Paul Miller, a bank analyst at FBR Capital Markets.
And of course, the president, who ends up buying a few cheap votes for $2000 a pop:
Borrowers could receive $1,500 to $2,000 each, with the actual amount paid depending on the number of borrowers filing a claim.
This is also the cost per individual to rescind in perpetuity any actual claims about one's mortgage paperwork. Will Americans go for it? You betcha.
As for the so-called punishment:
In a meeting with reporters last month, Robert Khuzami, the SEC's enforcement chief, said the agency's mortgage-bond investigation was looking for evidence that firms "failed to disclose important information when selling these securities." Mr. Khuzami declined further comment on the investigation. The planned regulatory actions come at a critical juncture. The SEC, Justice Department and state prosecutors are pushing to complete a number of financial-crisis cases by the end of this year, partly to avoid having enforcement action curbed by statutes of limitations, the people said.
In reality all this action will do is provide a benefit for private plaintiffs against banks like Bank of America, such as MBIA, whose case that banks have misrepresented terms of sold securities, will be strengthened. The ultimate cost, however to banks, will be miniscule compared to the fact that the foreclosure pathway will again be unclogged, and the banks are allowed to deficiency mark houses sold from REO, and use fungible excess reserves to plug the difference.
All in all, just a day's work for the administration as it does everything in its power to push the housing market higher at all costs, and further and further away from equilibrium pricing, which is what should be for a true and normal price appreciation to occur... something which will never happen of course as it would take far longer than the 4 years allotted to the president. If the process entails bending the law beyond recognition, so be it.
WICHITA — More than 1,800 children in the Wichita School District have been identified as homeless, and advocates say that number will go even higher than new cases are identified and more families hit rock bottom financially.
Social workers and teachers found a record 1,733 homeless children in Wichita schools last year, but on Friday that number hit 1,829, including 14 identified on Thursday alone.
"Many of these families have jobs," Cynthia Martinez, the school district's liaison for homeless students, told The Wichita Eagle. "We're starting for the first time to see families where the parents used to work for Hawker, or the aeronautical companies, people who used to have good jobs but have now lost everything."
Martinez said many homeless parents want to work and are neither lazy nor unintelligent.
The U.S. Department of Education counts anyone "doubling up" or living with another family as homeless. More than 1,300 of the children identified as homeless in Wichita schools are doubled up, Martinez said.
The United Way of the Great Plains counted 555 homeless children and adults in Wichita as homeless last year. But that number, using the federal Housing and Urban Development definition, includes only people living on the streets or in shelters.
The Kansas Department of Labor puts the Wichita metropolitan area's unemployment rate at a relatively low 6 percent. That number, however, doesn't illustrate what happened to low-paid workers since the recession started, said Sandy Swank, director of housing and homeless services for Interfaith Ministries.
When workers for the aircraft and other industries laid people off, Swank said, some of them took jobs at lower wages. That forced people with lower qualifications to take even lower-paying jobs, and many at the lowest end found themselves unemployed or making so little at part-time work they ended up poor.
"We encounter people all the time who lost their homes, or who got behind on their utilities and payments," Swank said. "They ended up owing so much, they lose everything."
Many homeless children are chronically hungry outside of school, and most lack toothbrushes, soap, shampoo, coats, toilet paper and other necessities, advocates said. Many are embarrassed to admit they are homeless, and social workers and teachers have to coax that information out of them in interviews.
Last year, educators identified five children living in cars.
Swank, who has spent 23 years on the street rescuing children, said those in doubled-up families face anxiety because they don't know where, or if, they have a place to stay for the night.
"They live with the fact that they can be evicted at a moment's notice," she said.
Those families move, accepting shelter from anyone who will offer it to them, she said.
Statewide, educators in 128 Kansas public school districts — using the same Department of Education criteria used in the Wichita count — found 8,911 homeless children last year, said Tate Toedman, state coordinator of education for homeless children and youth.
He said he's sure the state will set another record when the numbers are compiled at the completion of the school year.
"Unfortunately we will easily surpass 9,000 homeless children in Kansas," he said.
Toedman said some of the city's homeless lost their jobs years ago, but are just now losing their homes in foreclosure.
"It takes a while to lose a home," he said.
Another factor contributing to the increase in homeless children: Many families who have been homeless for a while are finally coming forward because their needs have grown so much.
"Most people think of the image of the older man living under a bridge," Toedman said. "The truth is, the biggest population number are children under age 5."
Application:
Dates you are available for:
How did you hear about this opportunity? Craigslist Co-worker Friend Flyer Newspaper Other
Are you authorized to work in the United States on an unrestricted basis? Yes
No
Have you ever been convicted of a felony? Yes
No
Role players are required to be in reasonably good physical shape. Oftentimes, role players must walk to and from the exercise training sites as well enter and exit passenger vans.
Can you walk 1/4 mile in 5 minutes without becoming fatigued? Yes
No
Can you readily step into and out of a large passenger van that has a step at least 16 inches off the ground? Yes
No
Do you certify that you are in good health and do not have any pre-existing medical conditions that may be exacerbated by participating in this exercise? (example: diabetes, heart conditon, etc...) Yes
No
If no, please explain:
Many role players will have mock injuries applied to their skin, including premade "wounds" and/or make-up. Rubbing alcohol will also be used. Do you have any related-allergies that would preclude you from participating in this aspect of the exercise? Yes
No
Have you previously participated in a Vigilant Guard or first responder exercise? Yes
No
Are you an active or retired member of any military branch? Yes
No
Are you a military family member? Yes
No
Are you a First Responder? Yes
No
Are you a family member of a First Responder? Yes
No
By selecting the Submit button below, I certify that I have thoroughly read and understand the expectations of the Role Player during this exercise and that all of the information provided in the above application is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Ask Ariel Diaz why he's taking on the college textbook industry and he'll tell you, “Quaternions.”
Quaternions are a number system used for calculating three-dimensional motion, popular in computer graphics. And Diaz needed a crash course to help him with a consulting gig after his online video platform startup, Youcastr, had failed. He started with Wikipedia and found it was surprisingly good at explaining this complicated mathematics.
Diaz, who still resents how much he'd paid for textbooks in college and graduate school, realized he'd hit on his next business idea. In 2011, he started Boundless Learning, a Boston company that has begun giving away free electronic textbooks covering college subjects like American history, anatomy and physiology, economics, and psychology.
What's controversial is how Boundless creates these texts. The company trawls for public material on sites like Wikipedia and then crafts it into online books whose chapters track closely to those of top-selling college titles. In April, Boundless was sued by several large publishers who accused the startup of engaging in “the business model of theft.”
Theft or not, the college textbook industry is ripe for a disruptive shock from the Internet. Publishers today operate using what Mark Perry, a professor at the University of Michigan, calls a “cartel-style” model: students are required to buy specific texts at high prices. Perry has calculated that prices for textbooks have been rising at three times the rate of inflation since the 1980s.
On average, college students spend around $1,200 each year on books and supplies. Those costs, which sometimes exceed the tuition at a community college, are prompting a wider rebellion against commercial publishers. In February, California legislators passed a law directing the state to produce free versions of texts used in the state's 50 most popular college courses. In October, Secretary of Education Arne Duncan said printed textbooks, a $6 billion industry in the United States (when sales of both used and new books are tallied), should be made “obsolete.”
Unlike publishers, who market their books to professors, Diaz's company is aiming directly at students. Starting in the summer of 2011, Boundless sent marketers to hand out flyers on four campuses, including Boston University and Florida State University. Diaz says that within weeks the company had students signing up from 1,000 campuses, although he declines to say how many students have downloaded Boundless textbooks.
In their lawsuit, filed in March, publishers Cengage Learning, Pearson Education, and MacMillan Higher Education accused Boundless of copyright infringement, false advertising, and unfair competition. Diaz denies all the charges. He says his company uses only public information and doesn't actually make or sell textbooks. “We don't look at ourselves as an e-book or an online textbook or even textbook 2.0,” he says. “We see it as how do you create the next-generation content platform, which is much more than a textbook.”
For now, however, replacing textbooks like N. Gregory Mankiw's Principles of Economics (which retails for $294 new) or Campbell and Reece's Biology ($208) does appear to be Boundless's primary activity. When students type in the name of either text on Boundless's website, they are greeted by a flashing message that says, “Aligning your book.” Soon, a table of contents pops up on the screen.
In the case of Mankiw's Principles, Boundless offers a stripped-down text covering the same core economic concepts. Mankiw is a snappy writer who starts off his chapter on taxes with an anecdote about Al Capone. Boundless's version reads more like a reference text, but its organization closely apes that of Mankiw's. Both have 36 chapters and even share the same first sentence: “The word economy comes from the Greek word oikonomos, which means one who manages a household.”
Boundless's replacement books are appealing to students like Heather Haygood, in her third year at Pikes Peak Community College in Colorado Springs, Colorado. She is using the Boundless version of Biology, which her school sells for $178. “I just refuse to spend that much on a book,” Haygood said in an e-mail interview. “It's a known fact that college kids are generally poor/broke so why are you charging us so much for books??? … lucky me i found it for free!!” She calls the Boundless edition a “pretty dead-on” copy.
Aaron White, Boundless's cofounder and CTO, says the company uses a mix of human editors and technology to create its texts. It employs editors to locate public content from sources like Wikipedia, government websites, and Connextions, a repository of open-source academic material. That information goes into a content management system, which lets the company reuse explanations—say, of how DNA replicates—in multiple texts.
Commercial publishers are moving as fast as they can toward digital formats. Most now sell lower-cost electronic books through sites such as CourseMate, Kno, and Apple's iTunes. “We are in the heart of disruption now,” says Bethlam Forsa, a vice president at Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, the largest K–12 textbook publisher in the United States.
Publishers of paper textbooks still enjoy some advantages. In K–12 education, states can't demand that poor students buy a computer or tablet, so they continue to distribute paper books. At the collegiate level, professors are reluctant to switch texts because they would have to revamp their courses.
Such barriers help explain why the open-source textbook movement, which has been around for a decade, has never gotten very far. “The marketing realities of distribution have a lot to do with why there hasn't been disruption,” says Sanford Forte, founder and director of the 11-year-old California Open Source Textbook Project. “The resources and skills to do that don't lie within the academic sector.”
Now some companies think they can make money with free books. Diaz says Boundless's strategy is to use free books to amass a large audience to which it can later sell other “freemium” services, such as tutoring. Diaz is vague about the paid products, which might not be introduced for another year or two.
Though no one has said publicly how Boundless might make money, the company was able to raise $8 million in venture capital in February. Mike Tyrrell, a partner at Venrock, which led the investment, says he was attracted by the idea that education in the United States is a $750 billion business still operating much as it did in the 1960s.
“The combination of what's available with online content, online tools, and the variety of devices being applied against an industry that hasn't really changed and clearly hasn't been disrupted—that makes for an interesting area to invest in,” Tyrrell says.
Apparently, you don't need quaternions to do that math.
Now, I think that people are allowed to get weight loss surgery. It's legal and it's their body, they can do what that want – get weight loss surgery, jump out of a helicopter wearing skis, amputate their arm, whatever.
I don't think that these surgeries meet the criteria for ethical, evidence-based medicine, but that's a subject for another time. Even if you think that WLS should be an option, it does not follow that it's ok to advertise it outside a store where fat people are going to buy clothes.
The idea that all fat people are seen as a “target demographic” for a surgery that is objectively dangerous is messed up. The fact that spending tons of money convincing us to have this dangerous, often deadly, surgery forms a profit center for companies like Mercy Care (and I don't think that a facility that profits off this surgery should probably have to call themselves Have No Mercy Care) is more than a little ethically problematic.
The fact that anyone – whether it was “Mercy” or the mall – would force fat people who are trying to buy clothes to walk past a sign that advertises a dangerous, often deadly, medical procedure is just totally fucked up.
It's bad enough that doctors suggest that fat people put our lives on the line to get this surgery, but I think it crosses a whole other line when fat people can't buy a shirt without being given the message that our bodies somehow require (expensive, dangerous, deadly) surgical intervention.
In good news, activists were all over this. Jen posted about this on Facebook, and while people made suggestions that included everything from permanent marker, to a tasteful drape, to re-purposing a Torrid dress, someone called the mall. They were told that the mall had already received calls and that the sign had been moved immediately.
It sucks that fat people are seen as a target demographic for the weight loss industry, but the good news is that if we are a target market, then that means we have influence. The more we work together, the more we throw our weight around, the less nonsense we'll have to put up with. Thanks to the actions of a few, every fat person who wants to buy some clothes at Torrid at this mall will do so without becoming the target of the predatory marketing of a dangerous and often deadly medical procedure!
Want to learn more about throwing your weight around? Join us at the Fat Activism Conference:
THE FAT ACTIVISM CONFERENCE
TOOLS FOR THE REVOLUTION!
“Re-Imagining Fashion from an Inclusive Framework” to “Activism for the Introverted and Anxious” to “Building Fat Patient Power While Accessing Healthcare” and more . This is a virtual conference so you can listen by phone or computer wherever you are, and you'll receive recordings and transcripts of each talk so that you can listen/read on your own schedule. We also offer a pay what you can afford option to make the conference accessible to everyone. The Conference will be held September 23-25, 2016 This year we have a kick ass line up of speakers talking about everything fromRe-Imagining Fashion from an Inclusive Framework” to “Activism for the Introverted and Anxious” to “Building Fat Patient Power While Accessing Healthcare”This is a virtual conference so you can listen by phone or computer wherever you are, and you'll receive recordings and transcripts of each talk so that you can listen/read on your own schedule. We also offer a pay what you can afford option to make the conference accessible to everyone. The Conference will be held September 23-25, 2016
Like this blog? Here's cooler stuff:
Check out the Body Confidence Blog Carnival! Eleven days of awesomeness
Like my work? Want to help me keep doing it? Become a Member! For ten bucks a month you can support size diversity activism, help keep the blog ad free, and get deals from size positive businesses as a thank-you. Click here for details For ten bucks a month you can support size diversity activism, help keep the blog ad free, and get deals from size positive businesses as a thank-you.
Book and Dance Class Sale! I'm on a journey to complete an I'm having a sale on all my books, DVDs, and digital downloads to help pay for it. You get books and dance classes, I get spandex clothes and bike parts. Everybody wins! If you want, I'm on a journey to complete an IRONMAN triathlon , andon all my books, DVDs, and digital downloads to help pay for it. You get books and dance classes, I get spandex clothes and bike parts. Everybody wins! If you want, you can check it out here!
I'm training for an IRONMAN! You can follow my journey at www.IronFat.com
Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee indicated Thursday that if elected, he wouldn't rule out employing federal troops or the Federal Bureau of Investigation to stop abortion from taking place in the United States.
Though the U.S. Supreme Court ruled against bans on abortion, Huckabee said past presidents have defied Supreme Court rulings.
Jesse Choper, professor emeritus of public law at the University of California-Berkeley School of Law, said in a phone interview Friday that Huckabee's statement was "way off-base," adding, "it does rival Donald Trump."
"I think he'd better more carefully examine what he's saying, because it is totally unprecedented," Choper said Friday.
No matter how much the Supreme Court's decisions over the years were disliked, Choper said, presidents did very little to fight them. He pointed to civil rights decisions of the 1950s as an example.
"It was simply noncompliance," Choper said of previous presidential responses. "That's very different than calling out the troops for abortion."
Huckabee's comments came at two public speaking stops on a tour of Iowa.
In response to a question from the audience at the Pizza Ranch in Jefferson, Iowa, Huckabee said he would "invoke the Fifth and 14th Amendments for the protection of every human being."
Both amendments contain due process protections against depriving people of life without due process of law.
"Would that be a huge controversy?" the former Arkansas governor asked. "Yes."
But he argued that scientific advancements have now verified that unborn babies are human beings — information he said wasn't necessarily available when the Supreme Court issued its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision.
"I will not pretend there is nothing we can do to stop this," Huckabee said at the event, where a Topeka Capital-Journal correspondent was present.
At his next stop, in Rockwell City, Huckabee answered follow-up questions from the correspondent, saying: "All American citizens should be protected."
Asked by another reporter how he would stop abortion, and whether this would mean using the FBI or federal forces to accomplish this, Huckabee replied: "We'll see, if I get to be president."
He said he would use all resources available to protect U.S. citizens.
Huckabee said past presidents also have defied Supreme Court rulings. He cited Thomas Jefferson and Abraham Lincoln, and said Lincoln had ignored the court's 1857 Dred Scott v. Sandford decision — which found that black Americans weren't citizens — when he emancipated slaves. He didn't clarify in what way Jefferson had violated any court rulings.
Choper noted that President Dwight D. Eisenhower called out troops in 1957 to enforce the Supreme Court's desegregation order in Little Rock, Ark., "despite the fact that it's well known that President Eisenhower was not terribly sympathetic" to the desegregation decision.
"He did what he believed he had to do," Choper said.
Huckabee also said the Roe v. Wade decision was wrong to cite the right to privacy as a reason for abortion being permissible.
"Privacy doesn't allow you to take a life," he said.
Huckabee, a staunch social conservative, has focused much of his long-shot bid for president on social issues such as abortion and same-sex marriage.
Abortion has resurfaced in recent weeks as a hot topic in Washington following the release of three videos by an anti-abortion group purporting to show Planned Parenthood officials discussing the sale of fetal tissue.
Several bills have been introduced in Congress to cut federal funding of Planned Parenthood and ban the sale of fetal tissue. The Kansas State Board of Healing Arts will investigate the state's two Planned Parenthood facilities in response to a request from Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback.
Advertisement
Alyssa Elsman (pictured) was identified as the 18-year-old who was run down and killed in a horrific Times Square collision that also injured 22 other people - including her 13-year-old sister, with whom she'd been walking
A teenager posted a video of Times Square just minutes before she was mowed down at the tourist attraction by an ex-military man who was high on synthetic marijuana.
The NYPD has confirmed that an 18-year-old girl identified as Alyssa Elsman was the only fatality in the horrific Times Square collision that saw 22 people injured including the girl's 13-year-old sister.
The victim from Portage, Michigan, was walking through the heart of Midtown Manhattan with her sister when the incident occurred.
Moments before, she had uploaded a clip to social media showing the bustling New York attraction.
A driver believed to be Richard Rojas, 26, of the Bronx, mounted the curb and ploughed through crowds at high speed for three and a half blocks before crashing.
According to sources, he told cops that he wanted to kill his victims, and that police should have shot him.
Rojas, a US military veteran who has a criminal history including two DUIs, had reportedly been smoking K2, the infamous synthetic marijuana, prior to the crash. It has been linked to psychotic episodes.
Of the 22 people hurt, the NYPD said that four people had been critically injured with open fractures and multiple traumas and three others were seriously injured - all were hospitalized. Some 15 more were not seriously injured, and were not hospitalized.
The status of Elsman's 13-year-old sister has not yet been released.
Elsman was killed on Thursday when a driver raced up a sidewalk, mowing down crowds. As news of Elsman's death spread, mourners began to leave messages of condolence on her Instagram page. Her sister's status has not been announced
Elsman's final post on Instagram was a short video of Times Square, posted shortly before her death. The Michigan girl had travelled to New York with her sister, mother and a friend
Elsman's body (pictured) was seen on the sidewalk after the incident Thursday. Her killer had mounted the sidewalk on Seventh Avenue and drove for three and a half blocks through the busy crowds
Richard Rojas (pictured left), 26, of the Bronx, was identified by police as the driver behind the crash. He's a former member of the military with two DWIs under his name. Sources say he 'wanted to kill' his victims and told cops they should shoot him
Four people were critically injured and three seriously hurt. All were hospitalised. The remaining 15 people were not taken to hospital. The condition of the dead girl's sister is currently unknown
Rojas was seen jumping in the street (left) after the crash. Sources say he had been smoking synthetic marijuana, which can cause psychotic episodes. He was said to be 'visually impaired' when he was arrested, and reported negative for alcohol
Elsman's body was left underneath a bloodstained sheet while police investigated the scene of the tragic incident
Her body was then removed from the scene by the NYC Medical Examiner's office
Rojas had reportedly made a U-turn on Seventh Avenue and drove for three and a half blocks in the wrong direction, striking the victims, before crashing into a stanchion at the corner of 45th St and Broadway
Elsman had posted a short video of Times Square to her Instagram account just before she died. She was in the city with her mother, sister and a friend at the time, the New York Post reported.
Her boyfriend of six months, Trevor West, told the paper: 'She would always text me back as quick as she could and when I didn't hear from her or her friend I knew something horrible happened. I knew something was wrong.'
'She motivated me, loved me, gave me everything I needed that I couldn't give myself,' he said. 'And now that she's gone I don't know how I'm going to fill that void. I don't know how I'm going to function without her ever again.'
In a joint press conference, with Mayor Bill de Blasio and NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill, Fire Commissioner Daniel Nigro said that the car had been driving down 7th Avenue when it made a U-turn onto the west sidewalk.
The car then drove up the sidewalk for three and a half blocks, striking the 23 victims before crashing into a stanchion near the corner of 45th Street and Broadway, Nigro said.
Rojas has now been taken to a testing facility where he will be screened for drug use. Sources told ABC 7 that he had been using synthetic marijuana, which has been linked to psychotic episodes, prior to the crash.
He was seen leaping up and down in the middle of the road after smashing his car into a series of stanchions - which occurred after he drove at speeds of up to 80mph, according to witneses.
And when he was being arrested, Rojas reportedly told police he'd wanted to kill his victims, and that he'd expected to be gunned down.
'You were supposed to shoot me! I wanted to kill them!' said, according to a New York Post source.
NBC reported that after he was arrested, Rojas admitted to cops that he had been smoking marijuana prior to the crash. That has not yet been confirmed by authorities. It was also reported that he blew a 0.0 on an alcohol test.
First responders and members of the public tend to the victims. The slain young woman can be seen center. The other victims, including those that were critically and seriously injured, are all expected to survive
Victims sprawled on the sidewalk were being tended to by first responders and other pedestrians
Pedestrian's shoes were scattered at the scene as authorities treated the injured bystanders
Fire crews were seen treating a bloodied woman lying on the ground in Times Square
Nigro said that the driver attempted to flee the car after the crash, but was tackled by a traffic agent, along with officers members of the public.
One of those members of the public was Alpha Balde, 57, a ticket agent for CitySightseeing. He said that he and a Planet Hollywood bouncer had spotted Rojas fleeing the scene of the crash and ran to intercept him.
'The bouncer from Planet Hollywood knocked him out,' he told the NY Daily News. 'He knocked him out so bad you could see the blood coming out of his face.
'That's when I jumped in, I grabbed him from his neck and within about one minute everybody's there.'
Balde added that he ripped off the suspect's shirt. 'We watch TV all the time,' he said. 'You have to make sure this guy doesn't have anything under his shirt that's going to damage you.
'So I ripped the shirt to find out no gun, no knife, no belt.'
'He's just mowing down people,' said Asa Lowe, of Brooklyn, who was standing outside a store when he heard screaming. 'He didn't stop. He just kept going.'
After the car struck a barricade and stopped, the driver climbed out of his vehicle, Lowe said. 'He just started running until people tackled him down. Citizens just reacted.'
It was also reported that the suspect got into a fistfight with one of the officers as they attempted to arrest him. That officer was not badly hurt.
Rojas has a criminal history and two DWIs to his name, Nigro said. In 2008 he was arrested for drunk-driving in Queens, and in 2015 he was arrested again for drink-driving in Manhattan.
In May of this year Rojas was arrested for 'menacing', he said. No other details about his history with the police, or that incident, were made available.
In one of those two incidents he drove at 99mph in a 50mph zone, ABC reported. He has also had his license suspended multiple times.
Rojas was also a member of the US armed forces, although details about that have yet to emerge.
The driver was dramatically taken into custody on Thursday. Rojas was apprehended by both police officers and civilians - the latter including ticket seller Alpha Balde (far left) and a Planet Hollywood bouncer (behind Rojas, in cap)
Police said Rojas got into a fistfight with an officer as they struggled to arrest him, before he was eventually tackled to the ground and bundled into a squad car
Rojas had seemed happy and untroubled on Tuesday night, a friend told the New York Post. He had been celebrating getting his car back.
'He just got his car back, a Honda,' Jose Medrano, 27,' said. 'He was happy about it. He said they had taken his car for lack of payment. He has just gotten it back and was happy.'
'He was drinking last night out here, with his friends,' Medrano added. 'He looked in good spirits.'
A photograph taken by one witness showed the maroon sedan involved in the collition, wreathed in smoke, propped up on the stanchions it had crashed into.
Witnesses said the motorist had driven up Seventh Avenue in the wrong direction, first against traffic and then mounting the sidewalk, hitting pedestrians.
Police are reviewing footage of the incident.
A 911 call obtained by NBC reveals the drama of the situation as the accident occurred.
'Times Square, we got a car running people over on 42-7, going northbound on 7th ave, running people over,' one NYPD dispatcher can be heard saying. 'Multiple people injured. Notify everyone.'
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio both visited Times Square to assess the scene.
Cuomo released a statement in which he said: 'Today's events at times square were nothing short of horrific.'
He added: 'As the facts continue to emerge, my heart goes out to the victims of this terrible tragedy, as well as their families.'
An injured man was being treated on the ground after the collision at the Midtown Manhattan tourist site
Emergency services and bystanders help an injured pedestrian after a vehicle mounted the sidewalk in Times Square
Distraught pedestrians were spotted helping their injured friend on the sidewalk
A number of injured people were being placed on stretchers to be treated
This car mounted a curb and struck 14 people, killing one and seriously injuring another. It appeared to have caught fire after the crash
Video courtesy Kevin Tobin
Traffic all around Times Square is snarled up after the incident. Police are continuing to increase the size of the closed area to keep crowds away from the scene.
According to the NYPD, as of 3:30pm, roads are closed between 42 St and 49 St, from Sixth Ave to Eighth Ave, with no crosstown traffic and no southbound traffic from Seventh Ave and Broadway from 48 St.
Access to the FDR is closed southbound on 42 St and northbound on 23 St.
Times Square metro station's exits are closed at 42, 43 and 46 Streets.
The area, which is heavily trafficked by tourists and is 11 blocks away from the heavily guarded Trump Tower, already had a high police presence.
Times Square is one of the busiest areas for pedestrians in the entire country. On average 330,000 people walk through it every day - with as many as 460,000 on heavy days.
Witnesses said the motorist had driven a red Honda sedan against traffic and onto the sidewalk before crashing into a pole
Witnesses said everyone just started running when the car rammed into a pole and came to rest at 45th Street and Broadway
Emergency workers treat a victim after multiple people were injured when a vehicle struck the innocent bystanders
A number of injured pedestrians were seen lying in the middle of the road as witnesses helped treat them
Witnesses said the motorist had driven against traffic and onto the sidewalk, striking pedestrians
REPORTING FROM SEOUL –- In life -– and now even in death -– Kim Jong Il's whereabouts have always been a guessing game.
Is he here, or over there? No! Wait, there he is! Poof!
Inside his Hermit Kingdom, press pictures released of Kim were always undated. Live-television images of the "Dear Leader" were pretty much verboten.
PHOTOS: Kim Jong Il's body on display
Now, South Korean intelligence officials are even casting doubt on Pyongyang's official story line that the 69-year-old Kim died of a heart attack while working aboard a moving train Saturday morning.
South Korea's top spy, Won Sei-hoon, told lawmakers in Seoul that a review of satellite photographs revealed that Kim's train was actually stationary at a Pyongyang station at the time of the ruler's death, as announced by the North, according to media reports.
"There were no signs the train ever moved," South Korean media quoted Won as telling officials.
PHOTOS: Kim Jong Il through the years
South Korea's Defense Ministry on Wednesday seconded Won's reported comments, questioning the circumstances of the dictator's death.
Due to previous assassination attempts, Kim always traveled aboard a bulletproof train that was more like an armored Queen Mary on wheels.
North Korea watchers speculate that the time and place of Kim's death may somehow be sensitive to North Korean officials as they oversee the transition of power to the late strongman's handpicked successor, his youngest son, Kim Jong-un.
FULL COVERAGE: Kim Jong Il | 1942-2011
South Korean media reported rumors circulating among national lawmakers that Kim Jong Il actually died in his bed at his Pyongyang residence.
But the image of a sickly, weakened and prone "Dear Leader" taking his last breaths may not have sounded sufficiently patriotic to suit Pyongyang's propaganda machine.
So maybe, just maybe, the North Koreans pulled a page from Hollywood and ... did a rewrite! The image of an indefatigable Kim dying while on a "field guidance tour" better fits the legacy of a dictator who didn't know quit.
(Think the drama of a young John F. Kennedy cut down in the infancy of his presidency, or a charismatic Theodore Roosevelt-type who keels over at his desk.)
The North's Korean Central News Agency is perpetrating the dictator-as-hero story, reporting that the North Korean people, "young and old, men and women, are calling Kim Jong Il, who gave tireless field guidance, totally dedicated day and night to the happiness of the people."
But there's even more intrigue to Kim's possible disappearing act.
Many here say South Korean -– and even U.S. -– intelligence officials are trying to cover up for a major gaffe: getting caught with their spy pants down and not knowing earlier about the death of one of the world's most detested and dangerous figures.
South Korean media have reported that Seoul officials learned about Kim's death on Monday along with the rest of the world -– when it was broadcast on television. That's two days after the supposed event.
What's more, during Monday's noon hour, about the time the news hit here, South Korean President Lee Myung-bak was reportedly attending a surprise birthday party thrown by aides at the Blue House (South Korea's version of the White House).
Lee was celebrating a triple-whammy: his 71st birthday, 41st wedding anniversary and the fourth anniversary of his winning the presidency. Some aides were reportedly wearing pointed party hats when Lee arrived at the gathering of 200 celebrants, apparently just before the news of the North Korean dictator's death broke.
Wheeeeee! There's the birthday boy!
Somewhere, the ever-secretive Kim Jong Il may be having the last laugh.
ALSO:
Kim Jong Il death: Who's who in the Kim family?
5 Polish soldiers killed in Afghanistan; Poles' worst loss of war
Philippine floods: More coffins needed as death toll nears 1,000
-- John M. Glionna
Photo: North Korean leader Kim Jong Il smiles while visiting a shopping center in Vladivostok, Russia. Credit: AFP
In the tenth paragraph of a page A15 Times piece, Rick Santorum accuses Barack Obama of engaging in “absolutely un-American activities.” What are they? The article doesn't say. The quote appears without explanation or comment, in an article entitled “Santorum's Challenge: Broaden His Appeal Beyond Evangelical Christians.” Nor does the line show up anywhere else on the Web—apparently no reporter in the mob following the candidates through the last days before the Iowa caucuses thought it worth writing down, and no blogger thought it worth repeating. It was just a throwaway line, a hunk of spoiled red meat tossed at the crowd in a Sioux City coffee shop, no more newsworthy than saying, “It's a great day to be an Iowan!” And the crowd ate it up, applauding lustily. According to the Times, Santorum, surging in the polls, “became emotional at times.” He “wore a beaming smile on his face.” He said that he was running for his children's sake. A supporter from a nearby town said that he liked Santorum for his avoidance of hyperbole: “Santorum doesn't make crazy statements.”
Several things are worth noting here. The first is that, in today's Republican politics, one reliable way to reach beyond the Christian base is by whipping up nationalistic hysteria with language lifted straight from the McCarthy era. If criminalizing all abortions and nullifying all gay marriages are a little too sectarian for you, surely you'd like to try some old-fashioned traitor-hunting. (Santorum has also accused Obama of “sid[ing] with evil” in Iran, a country with which he plainly wants to go to war.)
The second is that this kind of gutter rhetoric is so routine in the Republican campaign that it's not worth a political journalist's time to point it out. In 2008, when Michele Bachmann suggested that Barack Obama and an unknown number of her colleagues in Congress were anti-American, there was a flurry of criticism; three years later, when a surging Presidential candidate states it flatly about a sitting President, there's no response at all. Certain forms of deterioration—like writers using “impact” as a verb, or basketball coaches screaming about every foul—become acceptable by attrition, because critics lose the energy to call them out. Eventually, people even stop remembering that they're wrong.
And the third, related point is that, once demagogy and falsehoods become routine, there isn't much for the political journalist to do except handicap the race and report on the candidate's mood.
I'm as interested as anyone in who will win, place, and show in Iowa; and whether Santorum's surge can last or he'll go the way of Bachmann, Perry, Cain, and Gingrich; and whether South Carolina will be Gingrich's firewall or his grave; and whether Romney will wrap it up in Florida or find himself in a trench war with one or two surviving conservatives; and whether Ron Paul can hold on till Tampa and make the convention interesting. (It would be too much to expect a brokered convention, though every four years someone predicts one. The last was sixty years ago, when the Democrats in Chicago finally chose Adlai Stevenson.) This is what makes campaigns fun. No one can accuse the Republicans of failing to deliver in the departments of horse race and spectacle, and I'm with Ryan Lizza—I want it to last longer.
But political journalism—unlike war reporting—long ago stopped being about what is true or important. Sometime in the nineteen-eighties, reporters began covering politics like sports and entertainment. How many times and ways can you say that the Republican Party has descended into unreality and extremism before you lose your viewers and readers? On the other hand, there's an endless appetite for stories about Santorum's effort to reach out beyond his evangelical base, or Gingrich playing the expectations game in Iowa. This stuff is political candy.
The great puzzle of the Republican campaign is that, in an era of unprecedented ideological fervor, the party will almost certainly nominate the candidate who is the blandest, least ideological, and least trusted by conservatives of them all (that would be Mitt Romney—Jon Huntsman doesn't count as long as he's in the low single digits). The reasons for this are not easy to see, and in some ways they're fluky. Romney, forever stuck at twenty-five per cent, understands his situation acutely, and he's telling anyone in Iowa who will listen that he loves America, prays and reads Scripture (while wishing he did it more), hates illegal immigrants as much as the next guy, and thinks that Obama has destroyed this country at home and abroad. Romney is like an actor who normally does investment commercials and is improbably cast in an ad for the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He's doing a credible job playing an intellectual thug, because that's the only way to win the nomination.
It would be a mistake, though, to believe that, long after Iowa, once the horse race is over, and if he's elected, Romney could suddenly flip a switch, clear the air of the toxicity left behind by the Republican field, and return to being a cautious centrist whose most reassuring quality is his lack of principles. His party wouldn't let him; and, after all, how a candidate runs shapes how a President governs. In politics, once a sellout, always a sellout; once a thug, always a thug.
Photograph by Scott Olson/Getty Images.
PureScript is a strongly, statically typed language which compiles to JavaScript. It is written in and inspired by Haskell and aims at "allowing to write very expressive code which is still clear and readable" when translated into JavaScript. Furthermore, says PureScript creator Phil Freeman, PureScript provides interoperability with other languages which target JavaScript.
PureScript inherits some of its distinguishing features from Haskell. Among them:
Type inference: which allows deducing concrete types wherever it is possible;
Higher Kinded Polymorphism: which is an abstraction mechanism over type constructors essential with monads and DSLs.
Pattern matching: a technique that allows the developer to write compact, complex functions by breaking their implementation down into multiple cases.
Type Classes: an abstraction mechanism over data structures that allows to use them without having to think directly about the structure of the data itself.
Interoperability is another strength of PureScript, according to Phil. PureScript provides indeed the ability to import existing JavaScript code, by providing types for its values and functions, and then to use those functions in regular PureScript code. This makes it possible to use PureScript for just a subset of an app, and JavaScript or a JavaScript variant for the rest.
InfoQ has talked to Phil Freeman to learn more about the language.
Could you explain the process that led you to create PureScript? What were you main motivations and goals?
I started PureScript about a year ago. At the time, I was working on a medium-sized JavaScript application, which I was rewriting in TypeScript. For the most part, I'm very productive in TypeScript, but there was a fraction of the application which I felt could benefit from a stronger type system. At the time, there were a number of languages available which offered more expressive type systems, but none of them offered the combination of other features that I was looking for. Specifically, I wanted a language with Haskell-like syntax and the ability to generate clean, readable JavaScript, without the need for a runtime system. I knew that if I was going to write my own compiler then I would design the language in Haskell, but I made the decision to only use the simple parts of Haskell to implement PureScript, because I wanted to attract more compiler developers. In that regard, the project has been a success, because the compiler now has a great developer community.
What are the main features of PureScript?
A simple FFI, an expressive type system, and predictable code generation. The short answer is that PureScript provides "a better environment in which to write principled JavaScript".
Could you summarize the advantages that PureScript brings over plain JavaScript development?
One of the biggest benefits is the ability to refactor a large code base with confidence that you will not break existing functionality. Once you decide to use the techniques of pure functional programming - pure functions, immutable data structures, explicit side effects, etc. - you can refactor your code quite aggressively with the help of the compiler. Another benefit is the expressiveness of the type system, which allows the developer to assert properties of their programs which are difficult to express using existing JavaScript tools. For example, we can create domain-specific languages whose data structures are correct-by-construction - binary trees which are guaranteed to be balanced, HTML nodes which are guaranteed to have only the correct properties, etc. And we can accomplish this in a portable way, without having to rely on a specific IDE. Finally, languages like PureScript enable powerful forms of abstraction which aren't available in other languages, using tools like parametric polymorphism, higher order functions and type classes.
PureScript inherits some features from Haskell, such as type inference, type classes, and so on. Where do the two languages diverge mostly?
The simple answer is that PureScript looks a lot like Haskell syntactically, but the semantics differ because PureScript uses the semantics of JavaScript. For example, evaluation in PureScript is strict, unlike in Haskell. Also, because PureScript only performs tail-call optimization at the individual function level, it is important to watch out for stack overflows when using typical idioms from Haskell code (monadic recursion is one example of this). There are also some important differences in the type systems. PureScript has some neat features which were influenced by Haskell (multi-parameter type classes, and rank-N types, for example), but there are lots of features in Haskell which we don't have (type families, polykinds, datakinds, etc.) and some novel features in PureScript which don't exist in Haskell (extensible records and extensible effects).
How would you compare PureScript to other Haskell-like languages compiling to JavaScript such as [UHC], [ghcjs], etc.?
Many of the Haskell-like language AltJS languages, such as Fay, Haste and GHCJS, attempt to compile some subset of Haskell to JavaScript while preserving Haskell's semantics. This is a very powerful idea, because we can have a massive selection of existing Haskell code which can be reused in our JavaScript code. PureScript isn't a subset of Haskell, and uses JavaScript's semantics. However, one advantage is that PureScript's FFI is very easy to use, which means that we can easily integrate with existing JavaScript libraries, such as those provided by the NPM package manager. This leads to two very different development styles. PureScript is closer in spirit to languages like Roy or JMacro. In fact, Roy was a big influence on the design of PureScript. Elm is another very interesting Haskell-like language. Elm applies the techniques of pure functional programming, and functional reactive programming in particular, to the implementation of interactive web applications.
Could you briefly share your ideas about where PureScript is headed? What is on PureScript's roadmap?
Right now, we're focussed on the next release of the compiler and tools, which will hopefully include binary distributions for the three major platforms. We have also been spending quite a lot of time working on a self-hosted version of the PureScript compiler. It would be nice to be able to install the compiler using "npm install purescript". After the next release, we have plenty of interesting features to think about: type wildcards, template metaprogramming, idiom brackets and source maps, to name a few. There has also been some interest in alternative backends, with the addition of a new Lua backend quite recently, and some discussion of a possible Python backend as well. Of course, we have no shortage of interesting libraries and tools to write as well. The developer community is very welcoming, and anyone who is interested in contributing should check out the #purescript IRC channel on Freenode.
PureScript is an open source project, but prebuilt binaries are also available for Linux. Two great resources to get started with the language are a LeanPub book written by Phil Freeman, and the Try PureScript webpage, which allows to experiment with the language without even needing to install it.
The Halifax Regional School Board (HRSB) is changing the way they tackle storm days.
As we get closer to the winter months, HRSB is letting parents and guardians know there are two new possibilities when it comes to handling inclement weather this school year.
“We know we're getting into that season where the likelihood of having some cancellations is rapidly upon us so we are making some changes to how we manage that,” said HRSB spokesperson Doug Hadley.
New guidelines for school and/or bus cancellations due to inclement weather
There are two changes to how HRSB will handle potential storm days.
The first is that the school board is introducing the possibility of a delayed opening for school of two hours.
“If there are days when the conditions are such that we think we just need some more time, that we can open two hours later rather than trying to suggest that we need to close for the entire day,” said Hadley. “Not sure that that will happen but it's one more option available to us.”
The second change revolves around how students will be dismissed if weather deteriorates during the day and schools need to close early.
“We're going to dismiss students who walk at their lunch hour as we always have but instead of giving bus students a set time for dismissal, we're going to dismiss the bus students two hours earlier than their normal dismissal time,” said Hadley.
“That will stagger when the pickups will be and hopefully lead to a less chaotic dismissal.”
Changes follow record setting snow days for students
According to the statistics from the Halifax Regional School Board, there were almost as many school closures during the 2016-17 school year then the previous two years combined.
2016-17: 9 ½
2015-16: 5
2014-15: 5 ½
2013-14: 4
2012-13: 4
“I think that everyone would agree that maximizing instructional time for students is a good thing,” said Hadley. “We did have a lot of snow days last year, we had 9.5, that's the most we've ever had.”
Hadley says the school board needs to make decisions regarding school closures on a much higher level than what the weather appears to be.
“We have found over time that there have probably been times where say a freezing rain day would be a good example where if we had delayed the opening by a couple of hours we might have been able to get a part of the school day in,” said Hadley.
WATCH: ‘They can't win': Whether schools in the Halifax region open or close, everyone has an opinion
How does the Halifax Regional School Board make a decision to close school and/or buses?
Beginning at 4:30 a.m., HRSB says they start gathering information from a variety of sources when determining whether or not to cancel school.
Those sources including consulting with a meteorologist to discuss the forecast and the impact the weather will have on the road conditions as well as speaking with Stock Transportation, which provides busing for students.
HRSB says by 5:30 a.m., staff make recommendations to the board's superintendent based on the information they have gathered and determine if it is safe to have students and staff on the roads and sidewalks. If it is, schools will remain open. If it's determined not to be safe, classes will be cancelled.
Officials say their goal is to make a decision about whether or not classes will go ahead as close to 6 a.m. as possible.
READ: Number of snow day school closures mounting in Nova Scotia
How to find out if school is cancelled in HRM
HRSB says there are several ways for people to find out if school is open or closed during inclement weather.
One way is by checking the Halifax Regional School Board website or by following HRSB on Twitter.
Parents and guardians can also sign up to be notified by email or text message or call the information line at 902-464-INFO to find out when school is cancelled.
You can also check local news sources like Global News for the latest cancellations during storms.
READ MORE: Spring storm prompts closures and cancellations in Nova Scotia
Buses can still run if school is cancelled, have a plan in place
HRSB says there are times when officials decide to keep schools open but choose to cancel bussing because of poor road conditions.
The school board says parents and guardians must use their own discretion when it comes to sending their child to school – and that students who are unable to attend school due to the weather and/or bus cancellations will not be penalized if assignments are given that day.
HRSB says the weather in Nova Scotia can be unpredictable and is encouraging people to have a plan in place.
That includes making sure your child knows where to go if school is cancelled early, making sure children are dressed properly for the weather conditions and having a back up plan in place for childcare if schools are closed or delayed in opening.
From the chemtrails being sprayed over our neighborhoods to the poisons killing our bees and making our food toxic ‘medicine' we need a way to purge the deadly elixirs of a greedy government, owned and run by corporate interests. For the sake of keeping your attention, I won't go on ad nauseum about fluoridated water, oil spills, and contaminated air and water due to fracking and mining.
As research since the early 1900s suggests, our bodies simply cannot handle the level of toxicity in our environment without some help, though it was originally designed to cure itself from every conceivable toxin – from heavy metals to the common cold. We have simply burdened the mechanism so profoundly, that the intelligence of the human form is being strained to its acme. We either learn to adapt to the toxic environment that our governments so blatantly support, or we die. We can't wait for congress or the senate to do the right thing. It's time to get radical. It's time to tell your friends about this, even if it is absolutely rabble-rousing.
For some time we have been able to simply ignore, or turn an apathetic ear toward warnings about our food, air and soil being polluted, but when the EPA and FDA, arguably puppet institutions meant to placate farmers and citizens into thinking that their concerns over our war-time and consumer-based lifestyles are benign, states that yes, pesticides ‘are harmful to human health,' then its time to pay attention. That kind of confession is like telling us the sky is blue. If they didn't at least state the painfully obvious, it would be very difficult to maintain even a modicum of respect in social and political circles. Most people are already laughing them out of the room.
Our Blood and Bones Contain Over 85,000 Different Toxins
We are a toxic world. Our blood and bones now contain over 85,000 different chemical pollutants. Depleted uranium from bombs, and nuclear energy sites like Fukushima, as well as chemicals as sinister as Agent Orange and toxic mold are now part of our genetic make up. There are too many other toxins to name here. Their names and devastating health effects could fill books. These toxins have seeped into our cells, causing cancer, depression and even insanity.
These pollutants are making our children less intelligent and slowly breaking down our immune systems until they can't even fight a simple virus. Our hormonal systems are so out of whack from these toxins that both boys and girls are starting puberty way too soon, and fetuses are not developing properly. ADHD, ADD, and Autism are on the rise like never before. Our bodies are fat and tired too, because a toxic body can't metabolize fats and proteins properly.
Channels of Toxic Elimination
Under better conditions our bodies can get rid of toxins through numerous natural channels:
· Hair
· Finger and Toe Nails
· Skin
· Bowels
· Sweat
· Blood
· Bile
· Urine
In lab tests, extremely high levels of toxins can be found in a single strand of hair, even in people who think they live a ‘healthy' lifestyle – they workout, don't smoke, try to eat their vegetables, etc. Hair is actually one of the most telling when testing toxicity levels. It even contains remnants of LSD and cocaine in people who used drugs more than six months prior to testing. It also shows traces of aluminum, mercury, bismuth, lead, arsenic, tin, titanium, silver, asbestos, chlorine, tar, uranium and antimony, just to name a few toxins.
If any of the channels of toxin elimination are compromised, it can make the body very ill and eventually cause it to die. Our liver works diligently to eliminate toxins through bile production. Our skin, one of the largest detoxifying channels, is constantly shedding skin cells to rid itself of poison. Our bowels and digestive organs including the bladder and kidneys, large and small intestines also work very hard at keeping us toxin free. The lymph system keeps T-lymphocyte cells circulating to help kill foreign invaders like viruses that come from mold exposure.
Recycling of Toxins Leads to Disease
The problem is that once the body tries to get rid of a toxin, repeatedly trying to make it water soluble, for example, (though this is just one way of eradicating a toxic poison from our systems) so that it can be excreted, then it starts to recycle that toxin in an effort to find some channel, any channel that can expel it properly. This is how disease starts to happen. A Russian scientists and naturopath named Eli Metchnik did extensive research on this phenomenon in 1904.
In Ayurvedic medicine this is called the ‘multiply and localize' stages of disease development. A toxin starts to move through blood plasma, and into the reproductive cycle of cells and tissues, so wherever you are weakest in your body, you are likely to develop disease. A disease is ‘born' in the physical body when genetic predisopositions for disease give way to environmental stress – i.e. toxicity.
What Can I do to Detoxify My Body?
Fortunately, there are inexpensive ways to start to cleanse the bowels, hair, skin, lungs, liver, kidneys, and even the cells, but it starts with realizing we are toxic. Then we must take action.
· Install a HEPA filter or a High Quality Air Purifier. You can also spend time in nature, since trees and flowers act as natural air purifiers.
· Start by throwing out all the toxic cleaners we use to spruce up our homes. Turn to vinegar, baking soda and citrus, particularly lemon juice, and sunlight. These four items can clean our houses (and sometimes us) from top to bottom without causing depression, hormone disruption, cancer, and a host of other diseases caused by the carcinogenic and toxic substances in household cleaners, like diethanolamine (DEA) and triethanolamine (TEA) just to start.
· Sweat. Indian sweat lodges aren't just for inducing a vision quest. While many people attain spiritual insights from participating in a sweat lodge, they also help to clear the mind and body of toxins, so we naturally become more lucid. You can also use a dry-heat sauna for the same effect.
· Fast. Most of us don't want to skip even a single meal, but just taking one day off form eating to allow the body to purge toxins stored in fatty tissue can make a world of difference. Fasting has been practiced by different cultures and religions around the world for centuries as an effective way to detoxify. Nutritional cleansing programs like the Isogenics cleanse include periods of intermittent fasting (alternating periods of fasting and non-fasting).
· Purge. There are ancient yogic teachings, which cleanse the mouth, tongue, trachea, stomach and intestines by drinking sea-salted water and then eliminating it. Much like a natural enema, Shankhaprakshalana helps to clean out the entire intestinal tract. The term is actually a Sanskrit word meaning Conch, as in the shell, and it refers to the circular and winding shape of our internal cavity – from mouth to anus.
· Use the six Shat kriyas or Shat Karmas practiced in Hatha Yoga. These Sanskrit words refer to six ancient cleansing techniques. Shankhaprakshalana is just one of them. Some like, Nauli, or stomach churning are difficult for beginning students, but Jala Neti, nasal irrigation is easy for almost anyone to practice.
· Drink more water, but only if its purified. Many toxins are water soluble, so if you drink clean, purified water, you can help to remove them. Just make sure you aren't drinking unpurified municipal water, it is often full of hundreds of toxins.
· Bathe in hot then cold water. Bathing in the ocean was practiced by the Kumu Hula (master teachers) as a means of purification, but not everyone has ocean front property, so bathing is a great purification ritual. It is also practiced all over Japan, Turkey, India, Africa, and Australia, just to name a few countries with bathing purification traditions or rituals. Bathing in first hot water, expands the blood vessels, and helps the ‘brown' fat cells work more efficiently to reduce fat and toxins from the body. The cold water allows multiple dips, and also allows us to remain in the hot water longer. If you live near a hot spring or untainted, natural underground water source, many of these pools have excellent nutrients in them, which help to draw toxins out of the body. Also, just warming the body improves the lymph system and immune function. Epson salt baths can help if you don't have a natural hot springs or the Dead Sea near you (but even the Dead Sea is becoming toxic!)
· Try one of the myriad natural cleansing products available on the market today. There are lots of products that are affordable and help to cleanse everything from the bowels to the liver.
· Eat Detoxifying Foods. You can detoxify with green tea, coffee enemas, and cilantro even. Turmeric is great for detoxifying the body, as is sour sop fruit. Apple Cider Vinegar is wonderful and so is lemon juice and ginger.
· Use Shaolin Clay to Draw Impurities From the Skin. Shaolin Monks used a special clay to help draw impurities from their bodies and to heal more rapidly from injuries received practicing martial arts. It was made into a paste with several herbs and placed on the skin, or ground into powders and taken with herbs (like Dan Gui, Nan Xing, Bai Zhu, etc.) as an oral herbal treatment. Clay baths are especially effective at removing heavy metals and mercury or lead.
· Take Milk Thistle, or Dandelion Root to Detox the Liver. This important organ removes toxins from our blood stream. These two herbs can greatly help the liver process toxins before they ever reach the bloodstream, so that they can be purged from the body via the feces or urine.
· Increase Your vitamin C. Several studies pointed to a simple vitamin C supplement in higher doses (which are safe since vitamin C is water soluble) as a very effective means of detoxiing from Nuclear Fallout.
· Consider Aboriginal Kanwa Minerals are extracted from bubbling pools deep in the desert areas of Australia that are full of hundreds of trace minerals that can help detox the body. Also known as Calcium Montmorillonite Clay, this special ‘mud' can do everything from absorb bad bacteria to reverse bone decay. Only because this soil had been untouched for millions of years, is it filled with important minerals like calcium, magnesium, potassium, iron, silica and manganese, as well as other trace elements that help restore a toxic body.
Even though companies like Monsanto, Bayer, Pfizer, Roche, GlaxoSmithKline and the military industrial complex want to keep pouring toxins into our world and us, we can detox with some simple remedies to make living a healthy possible in a contaminated world. We may not be living in a pure environment, but we can still treat our bodies as temples, and purify them of the spoils of war and a fast food, pharmaceutical empire.
References:
truththeory.com
Alberta's Premier Rachel Notley says she supports the Trans Mountain and Energy East pipelines but that TransCanada Corp.'s Keystone XL poses a threat to Alberta's resource control.
However, Kinder Morgan Inc., proposer of the Trans Mountain expansion, may need to shift the pipeline to a different port in British Columbia to win over opponents to the line's expansion, Notley said.
It may be better for the line, which currently goes through the city of Burnaby in Greater Vancouver, to terminate further south, Notley said Wednesday at Bloomberg LIVE's Canadian fixed income conference in New York.
“There are different places and you have to be creative,” she said, adding that a port to the south of Vancouver near the Tsawwassen ferry terminal and the U.S. border might be one possibility. “The vast majority of that pipeline has the support of the communities through which it runs.”
Alberta has been struggling to win support for new pipelines to transport the growing crude production from the oilsands. TransCanada Corp.'s Keystone XL line to the Gulf Coast has been delayed by President Barack Obama, while Enbridge Inc.'s Northern Gateway through central B.C. to the port of Kitimat still faces opposition from aboriginal groups along the route.
TransCanada's Energy East line shouldn't become a “political football,” Notley said, adding that she supports that pipeline because it helps create value from Alberta crude.
Keystone would keep Alberta too focused on the U.S. market, she added.
The premier also touched on the review of Alberta's energy royalty system which is currently underway, saying the province will take a “light touch” on royalty changes.
Buy Photo Des Moines police respond to a robbery at Git-N-Go on March 23, 2016. (Photo: Charly Haley/The Register)Buy Photo
After an eight-month investigation, Des Moines police arrested four people in connection to a string of armed robberies earlier this year, police said.
The suspects face federal charges. A fifth suspect was also arrested on federal narcotics charges, according to a Des Moines police news release.
The suspects are: Alexander Ray Hamilton, 25, Sarah Victoria Coe, 20, Shelly Shannon Avery, 21, Chris Brian Avery, 24, and Luke Martin Jr., 56.
The 17 robberies occurred between March 17 and April 17 at Git-N-Go and Kum and Go gas stations, Hy-Vee grocery stores and at one bank, according to the news release.
The suspects were charged in federal court with the following crimes:
Alexander Hamilton (Photo: Des Moines Police Department)
Alexander Hamilton:
conspiracy to interfere with commerce by robbery
conspiracy to distribute controlled substances
interference with commerce by robbery
distribution of controlled substances
attempted interference with commerce by robbery
bank robbery
use of a communication facility
Sarah Coe (Photo: Des Moines Police Department)
Sarah Coe:
conspiracy to interfere with commerce by robbery
interference with commerce by robbery
bank robbery
Shelly Avery (Photo: Des Moines Police Department)
Shelly Avery:
interference with commerce by robbery
Chris Avery (Photo: Des Moines Police Department)
Chris Avery:
conspiracy to interfere with commerce by robbery
interference with commerce by robbery
use of a communication facility
Luke Martin:
distribution of controlled substances
There are no additional arrests expected, according to the news release. The Des Moines Police Department partnered with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms for this investigation.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2ghArsf
A 16-year-old lesbian claims she was kicked out of a McDonald's branch in Hull, England for using the women's restroom because staff members thought she was a male.
According to the Daily Mail, Ny Richardson and her friends were dining at the St. Andrews Quay McDonald's branch when Richardson got up to use the restroom. Richardson said: “I ordered my food and left it with my girlfriend as I went to the toilet. When I was in there, someone told me to get out and when I sat back down, the manager came over and told me that I needed to leave because I have been in the girls' toilet.”
Richardson, who denies she was uncooperative, claims that the manager then asked her to provide proof of ID, which she did not have. According to Richardson, the manager told her to leave the restaurant before proceeding to call the police. Police confirmed that they responded to a call at the McDonald's branch after an altercation arose between Richardson's group of friends and restaurant staff. A McDonald's spokesperson acknowledged that a group of individuals is asked to leave the restaurant “following several complaints about inappropriate behavior.” The spokesperson emphasized that “these actions have been taken due to unacceptable behavior only.”
The incident with Richardson is not the first story to make recent headlines for requiring proof of gender to use public restrooms. Across the pond in the United States, North Carolina recently passed a law that requires transgender individuals to use the restroom that corresponds with the gender on their birth certificates. According to data from the National Center for Transgender Equality, seven other states have current legislation aiming to enact similar policies. There are some resources for transgender individuals who may not know their exact rights when it comes to restroom policies in various states and what actions are being taken to ensure equal access and non-descrimination. As policymakers look to regulate the use of public restrooms, the personal and ethical ramifications of requiring an individual to show proof of ID must be considered. For Richardson, the experience was demeaning. “I'm used to being accused of being a boy, but this time I was humiliated in front of the whole restaurant […] I'm still angry about it now.”
HAYWARD, Calif. – Students and faculty at California State University in East Bay marched April 13 to the administration's offices, and then occupied the building in protest. Organized by Students for a Quality Education and the California Faculty Association, the civil disobedience was in protest of budget cuts and fee increases for students, and cutbacks on staff and benefits, while administrators' salaries are increased.
The building occupation demanded the resignation of CSU Chancellor Chuck Reed and a list of other demands discussed and adopted during the occupation. Similar building occupations took place on other campuses. Some students wore face paint with scars symbolizing the painful slashing impact of budget cuts.
Before the march and building occupation, students and faculty organized a “People's University.” Workshops talked about the attack on education and the rights of public workers, especially teachers, throughout the U.S., as well as campus issues that included lack of childcare, parking and student services. Other demands included democratizing the state university's board of trustees, budget transparency, fair treatment for unions and workers, and a recommitment to the California Master Plan for Higher Education.
According to the California Faculty Association, “the California State University has lost some $1 billion, let go more than 3000 faculty, slashed course offerings and tripled student fees. Tens of thousands of eligible students have been turned away or given up because of rising costs and inability to get necessary classes.”
Photo: David Bacon/PW
Thanks: 0 Thanks: Likes: 0 Likes: Dislikes: 0 Dislikes:
Results 11 to 20 of 21
#11 has no status. Save comerrick Join Date Jun 2005 Posts 1,828 Post Thanks / Like Thanks (Given) 0 Thanks (Received) 0 Likes (Given) 0 Likes (Received) 0 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 0 I've had to buy socks at McDonald's on more that one occasion.
Lov
Liv
Advertisement Advertisement
#12 has no status. Save daytonmom Join Date Nov 2005 Posts 2,444 Post Thanks / Like Thanks (Given) 0 Thanks (Received) 0 Likes (Given) 0 Likes (Received) 0 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 0 Yes. I thought any McDs with a playland sold socks.
#13 has no status. Save HeatherPa Join Date Jan 2002 Location Pennsylvania Posts 5,191 Post Thanks / Like Thanks (Given) 0 Thanks (Received) 0 Likes (Given) 0 Likes (Received) 0 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 0 Blog Entries 29 My Mood yep ours does also. A buck a pair.
NICHOLAS 1/16/01
ANDREW 6/20/03
CAROLINE 10/16/06
M/C 10/05 Heather Mommy to:M/C 10/05
#14 has no status. Save Joyous Over 5,000 Post Join Date Jan 2002 Posts 17,027 Post Thanks / Like Thanks (Given) 0 Thanks (Received) 0 Likes (Given) 0 Likes (Received) 0 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 0 Blog Entries 722 My Mood NEVER heard of it?
#15 has no status. Save LBWP Join Date Mar 2002 Location Southeast Posts 13,802 Post Thanks / Like Thanks (Given) 0 Thanks (Received) 0 Likes (Given) 0 Likes (Received) 0 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 0 My Mood Not that I'm aware of! Wish they did though. We are not big frequenters of Mickey D's. We prefer Chick-fil-A & their much cleaner playplace.
L (42)
K&E=3.11
#16 has no status. Save casgraham Join Date Jan 2006 Location Georgia Posts 1,472 Post Thanks / Like Thanks (Given) 0 Thanks (Received) 0 Likes (Given) 0 Likes (Received) 0 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 0 In our area not all Micky D's are created equal. One doesn't even have a change table. But the nicer ones sell socks and has a sign saying that they do. I've never seen the no sock rule enforced; I've never seen employees in the play %$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$ %$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$ %$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$ %$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$ %$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$ %$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$ %$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$%$
#17 has no status. Save casgraham Join Date Jan 2006 Location Georgia Posts 1,472 Post Thanks / Like Thanks (Given) 0 Thanks (Received) 0 Likes (Given) 0 Likes (Received) 0 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 0 :Space! Maybe I should have put playground, forgot that that happens when you put those 2 words together...................
#18 has no status. Save katrack Over 5,000 Post Join Date Jan 2002 Location AZ Posts 16,325 Post Thanks / Like Thanks (Given) 1 Thanks (Received) 0 Likes (Given) 3 Likes (Received) 1 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 0 Blog Entries 856 My Mood Ours has them, but they don't really check the kids one way or the other. ds (22) , dd (24) + dgs (5 & 2), ds (27)
Our words reveal our refinements; they tell the discerning listener of the company we have kept; they are the hallmarks of education and culture. - Dale Carnegie
dd (10), dd & dd (12),+ dgs (5 & 2),
#19 has no status. Save ~RD~ Join Date Jan 2002 Location Midwest Posts 15,691 Post Thanks / Like Thanks (Given) 0 Thanks (Received) 0 Likes (Given) 0 Likes (Received) 0 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 0 Blog Entries 157 Ours sells them for $1 a pair. They strictly enforce the sock rule because it is a state regulation or law (cannot remember which?!?!) It upsets me when children wear shoes or bare feet in the playground.
Mommy to "Boo" and "Ya-Ya"
My website - www.StudioRachel.com
My blog - www.StudioRachelPhotography.blogspot.com
My etsy store - www.BooBearBoutique.etsy.com
"Men who fart in church sit in their own pew." - Mike Rowe Mommy to "Boo" and "Ya-Ya""Men who fart in church sit in their own pew." - Mike Rowe
#20 has no status. Save Emmi Over 5,000 Post Join Date Jan 2002 Posts 18,460 Post Thanks / Like Thanks (Given) 0 Thanks (Received) 0 Likes (Given) 0 Likes (Received) 0 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 0 Blog Entries 11 Yep, all of ours have always sold socks. I bet most do. Most people would probably never think of it and they usually just have a small unnoticable sign.
Posting Permissions You may not post new threads
post new threads You may not post replies
post replies You may not post attachments
post attachments You may not edit your posts
edit your posts BB code is On
Smilies are On
[IMG] code is On
[VIDEO] code is On
HTML code is Off Forum Rules
DISCLAIMER: Fertile Thoughts allows advertisers to publish information about their services. Fertile Thoughts does not provide medical advice or endorse any particular service or approach to treating infertility. We encourage people to learn as much as possible about the range of options available before committing to any one. We also encourage users to share their thoughts on all fertility options on our forums.
In the race for the next United Nations secretary-general, the Security Council has narrowed the field of candidates from a remaining 10 to precisely one: and the winner is, former Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Guterres. It could have been worse -- but not by much. Guterres brings to the job a record that suggests he is a perfect fit to head a UN that is prone to overreach, mismanagement, waste, fraud, abuse and government meddling in every aspect of life -- provided we all want even more of the same.
That's not what you're reading in most press reports right now, where news of Guterres as top pick for the next UN secretary-general seems to consist largely of recycled public relations materials from the UN, related officials, and the Portuguese government. Guterres was roundly praised on Wednesday by Russia's ambassador to the UN Vitaly Churkin ("we have a clear favorite") and America's Ambassador Samantha Power (who called Guterres "a candidate whose experience, vision and versatility across a range of areas proved compelling").
So who is this man, Antonio Guterres, who so impressed the UN envoys of both Presidents Putin and Obama?
Along with a stint as prime minister of Portugal from 1995-2002, Guterres also served as president of the Socialist International, from 1999-2005, following a stint as vice-president of the organization from 1992-1999. As the Daily Caller reminds us, the Socialist International is "a global network of national socialist parties seeking to establish 'democratic socialism' around the world," an endeavor that in the late 1980s included funding the communist Sandinistas in Nicaragua.
From 2005-2015, Guterres served as high commissioner of the UN agency for refugees (UNHCR), garnering experience which he and the Portuguese government advertised as one of his chief qualifications to head the UN Secretariat. In nominating Guterres for the post of UN secretary-general, Portugal's Prime Minister Antonio Costa wrote that Guterres throughout his tenure as the UN's high commissioner for refugees "showed exemplary understanding of and respect for the values of the United Nations," ushering in all sorts of marvelous "reform and innovation."
That sounds great, except the UN's own auditors took a far less laudatory view of Guterres's performance. This April the UN's Office of Internal Oversight Services issued an audit report identifying a series of "critical" lapses by the UNHCR under Guterres's management. That audit was obtained by Fox News editor-at-large George Russell, who published a story on June 7 headlined "UN refugee agency handed over hundreds of millions to partners without monitoring."
Jester King Brewery has big plans for its newly-purchased land next to the property, which it bought to avoid any potential residential development. The brewery plans on adding a working farm, orchard, and vineyard to the 58-acre space to grow goods for beer and the planned restaurant for the new space. Founder Jeffrey Stuffings told Eater and they will team up with a chef and general manager to run the dining spot. In a separate statement, he wrote:
[W]e seek to create a location where virtually everything we make comes from the land around us. If it can be grown, crafted or fermented using what's available to us, we seek to do it.
The plot will include grain, herbs, and vegetable crops. Also in the works will be cheese-making, bread baking, and a liquor distillery, plus honey, olive oil, and cured meats. A small hotel, educational center, and event space will be built, as well. Stuffings are clear to note that Stanley's Farmhouse Pizza isn't part of the deal.
The Montreal Canadiens have acquired goaltender Ben Scrivens from the Edmonton Oilers in exchange for forward Zack Kassian.
Kassian was dealt after the Canadiens asked the troubled forward not to report to the team's American Hockey League affiliate, the St. John's IceCaps, after he cleared waivers on Dec. 16. The 24-year-old has yet to play this season after entering the league's substance abuse program following a car accident in September that saw him break his foot.
In acquiring Scrivens, the Canadiens receive some depth at the goaltending position, a need that has become more urgent during the club's current six-game losing streak.
Scrivens, 29, has spent this season with the Oilers' AHL affiliate, the Bakersfield Condors, posting a 2-6-1 record in 10 games with a 3.47 goals-against average, and an .893 save percentage. He's now expected to join the Canadiens, as the club assigned goaltender Dustin Tokarski to St. John's following the deal.
Kassian, who will have 24 percent of his salary retained by the Canadiens, according to ESPN's Pierre LeBrun, will report to the Condors.
The Oilers recalled goaltender Eetu Laurikainen from HPK of Finland's SM-liiga and assigned him to Bakersfield in a corresponding move.
Unsurprisingly, the Super Bowl holds little interest for someone as purposefully ignorant of sports as I am. However, the Super Bowl does admittedly tend to generate some first-class memes, and I'm always down for a crisp, dry meme with a fruity bouquet. Lady Gaga headlined this year's Halftime Show and seriously stunned the crowd with her performance, which took the audience on a tour of Gaga's now iconic hits—from “Telephone” to “Bad Romance”—and involved some crazy stunt work that took Mother Monster to new heights. Those same wire-flipping stunts elevated Gaga into the pantheon of meme-ified Super Bowl performers past, in the company of Janet Jackson's fateful boob mishap and the legendary Left Shark. There are some real gems in the mix:
Apparently, memes aren't the only thing spiraling out of control post-performance. In fact, Twitter is blowing up with complaints from some members of the Super Bowl Halftime Show's audience regarding Lady Gaga's level of physical fitness, more precisely, regarding her purported “gut” which made an appearance on stage.
Even in the wake of an amazing live performance, even as the platinum female artist announced a world tour and saw a dramatic spike in music sales post-Super Bowl (a 1,000 percent increase, according to CNN), it seems that all social media can manage to focus its tiny, collective brain on is Gaga's supposed “gut.” Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me for a multitude of reasons, first and foremost because if that's what a gut looks like, I'll literally never do another crunch in my life in hot pursuit of my own “flabby” stomach.
Unfortunately, this is the kind of catch-22 mentality which consistently plagues female artists in the music industry today. It's also the kind of certified nonsense that makes me want to pull my hair out by the roots. Think about it. Female artists are encouraged, even expected to dress provocatively, and often to perform in a sexualized manner on stage; like it or not, many female artists, even powerful, outspoken women like Beyoncé, Rihanna, and Gaga herself, generally tend to adhere to this unspoken demand. But here is where the double-edged sword swings backwards with a vengeance—we want you to wear a leotard, pull off a demanding, choreographed dance routine while still singing live, do flips on a freaking wire, and generally just be sex personified, but if a single fold of skin on your stomach is out of place while you're doing so, prepare to be berated online with unsolicited suggestions for a new fitness regime. See the problem here? Female artists and women in general are held up to this impossible, unattainable standard of beauty and are then subject to invective from random strangers on the internet if they don't match up with someone else's constructed ideal.
Honestly, the point isn't even that the accusations of Gaga having a gut are patently untrue—they are of course, she looks great and anyone who says otherwise had better have a six pack and a platinum album of their own to point to before they dole out suggestions to talented millionaire goddesses. The point is that it's none of your damn business. Even if she had gone up on stage with a crop top and an impressive spare tire of fat on display, your opinion is irrelevant. One, because it's her body and her career, neither of which you have any vested interest or control in, and two because—surprise—I guarantee that she's not dancing on that stage in booty shorts to impress your dusty self. She's doing it because it's her job, because she rightly thinks she looks great doing it, and because she probably enjoys making obscene amounts of money for one hour's work.
Unfortunately, this kind of response is far from an outlier. Harsh, body-shaming comments, whether in person or online, are par for the course for female artists fixed in the limelight and constant subjected to severe public scrutiny. Gaga has already responded to the comments via Instagram in the best possible way, turning the negative comments on their ear and using them as a platform to encourage self-love and acceptance of all body types:
“I heard my body is a topic of conversation so I wanted to say, I'm proud of my body and you should be proud of yours too. No matter who you are or what you do…Be you, and be relentlessly you. That's the stuff of champions” (via Instagram)
Regardless of body-shaming comments, the talented female bosses of the music industry will continue to slay, whether or not they jiggle a little while they do so.
More booze will flow into San Antonio later this year.
Edwards Ridge Distilling Co., which is going through the permitting process, plans to open a facility on the city's North Side by the summer, said co-owner Nathan Brown. The venture looks to join a handful of other spirits producers in San Antonio, which include Ranger Creek Brewing & Distilling, Rebecca Creek Distillery and Dorcol Distilling Co.
At first, the Edwards Ridge distillery will produce a white and dark rum made from brown sugar and Texas molasses. The rum will be sold as William Tallis rum. Eventually, Brown and his crew also want to produce bourbon. He added that they will try to source all their ingredients from Texas and will produce everything from scratch.
Brown and his business partners haven't nailed down the distillery's location but they are looking at a place inside a industrial park at 16104 University Oaks.
At the earliest, production could start by July with their William Tallis white rum on the shelves about a month later, said Brown.
– Valentino Lucio
Twitter: @vlucio
How Sierra Nevada rose from the jungle GEOLOGY
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close How Sierra Nevada rose from the jungle 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Fifty million years ago, powerful forces deep underground launched a wave of mountain building that swept southward from British Columbia through Nevada and California, and on into Mexico.
It was the beginning of what would become today's High Sierra.
For the next 20 million years, as the mountains heaved upward, California rivers like the Feather, the Yuba and the American flowed to the Pacific from as far east as central Nevada, while tropical jungles flourished throughout the region.
This scenario of a distant past for California and the West comes from new findings by a team of Stanford scientists who have collected nearly 3,000 samples of fossil rainwater absorbed by ancient rocks and glasses formed from melting volcanic eruptions to re-create the geologic history of a region that once extended east to what is now Nebraska.
Hari Mix and Page Chamberlain, together with their Stanford colleagues, ranged across the territory to analyze clays in the rocks and in glasses formed by volcanic eruptions millions of years ago. They also studied rock samples and even fossil leaves collected by other Stanford researchers and geologists worldwide.
The mountains rose
The result was the most extensive record yet of how and where the mountains rose during geologic periods known as the Eocene and Oligocene.
"There have been many competing hypotheses about the rise of the Sierra Nevada in recent geologic time," said Chamberlain. "One view suggests there was once a huge plateau in the West known as the Nevada Plano; but all our isotope data, taken with other records, shows clearly that the wave of uplift beginning about 50 million years ago and ending some 20 million years later saw the Sierra rising on the west side of Nevada well before it reached its present height."
For example, the researchers concluded, about 49 million years ago, mountains in British Columbia had already risen as high as 14,000 feet, while between 31 million and 28 million years ago, California's northern Sierra rose by nearly 10,500 feet. Mount Whitney was still to grow another 4,000 feet before it reached its summit elevation today - exactly 14,494 feet.
Tectonic forces deep beneath the ground have also played a crucial role in this saga, Mix and Chamberlain said.
As they described it, a huge slab of rock many miles thick and thousands of miles wide, which geologists call the Farallon Plate, once lay deep beneath the ocean off the Pacific Coast. During that Eocene-Paleocene period the slab was diving ponderously down and east beneath the newly forming mountains of California.
As the plate moved deeper and farther inland for hundreds of miles, Earth's viscous mantle - like softened fudge on a hot day, only thicker - welled up into the crust, triggering a wave of volcanic eruptions that also played a major role in thrusting the mountains upward.
The heights
Mix used one of Stanford's mass spectrometer laboratories to determine the heights of the mountains long ago. Oxygen in the fossil water in the rocks and glasses made it possible.
As Mix explained it, oxygen atoms in water come in three different long-lasting forms known as isotopes, and each isotope weighs a tiny bit differently than the other, depending on the number of subatomic particles called neutrons that each atom holds in its nucleus.
The ratio of heavy and lighter oxygen isotopes in rainfall varies with the altitude of the rocks that have absorbed the rain, while dating the rocks is standard in geology. So Mix and Chamberlain - using their own records and many other records from studies of thousands of miles of the Far West - were able to determine the shifting ratio of heavier and lighter oxygen isotopes, and that revealed how high the mountains rose during geologic time.
Geologic basins
The West is now marked by broad and mountainous geologic basins, the remains of those long-ago periods when the mountains were rising and rivers were carving new channels - and Mix and his colleagues have explored them all.
One among many is the mountainous Elko Basin in far northeastern Nevada, where Mix and Chamberlain collected ancient volcanic glass from rocks around the abandoned gold-mining town of Jarbidge. The town, with a population of 51, a 10-room motel and a saloon, is at the end of a 26-mile, rutted, one-lane dirt road from the nearest paved highway.
"It's great and gorgeous mountain country, but with impassible snowfalls in winter," Mix said as he recalled the field work that led to his team's report.
"But millions of years ago, you'd be hacking your way there through jungles and crocodiles," Chamberlain said.
The two scientists are publishing their results in this month's issue of the journal Geology, and among their colleagues are former Stanford graduate students Andreas Mulch of Germany's Biodiversity & Climate Research Center and Goethe University in Frankfurt; and Malinda Kent-Corson, Bridgewater State College in Massachusetts.
An Australian MP will put gay marriage to the back of his mind while he focuses on a more pressing issue: catching killer crocodiles.
Last week introduced a bill that would lead to historic legislation paving the way for marriage equality. It came after more than 61% of the country voted to change the law and allow same-sex marriage.
But with the eyes of history watching Australia and its politicians, one MP has bigger things on his mind.
Speaking after the legislation was announced, North Queensland MP Bob Katter said he had better ways to spend his time.
"I mean, y'know, people are entitled to their sexual proclivities. Let there be a thousand blossoms bloom, as far as I'm concerned," he said.
"But I ain't spendin' any time on it, because in the meantime, every three months, a person is torn to pieces by a crocodile in North Queensland."
It's not the first time has Katter talked down LGBT rights. Speaking at a Christian rally in 2001, Katter said: "Truly this proposition deserves to be laughed at and ridiculed."
Earlier this year he told Sky News that the word "gay" had been stolen. "I have a very clear idea of what is going on here: the homosexuals in Australia, they took the word 'gay'."
In 2011, the Australian Human Rights Committee estimated up to 11% of the population could be gay while in the Northern Territory, the Australian state best known for its crocodiles, 14 people died from crocodile attacks between 2005 and 2014.
Arthritis, which causes stiffness, pain, and potentially deformity and loss of use of joints, is exceptionally common. In this article we will look at hot wax as a treatment to relieve symptoms and pain.
Most older folks have at least some arthritis
Most aged people have some of it. So do many younger folks, especially if they've had traumatic injury to a joint or have developed an autoimmune disease involving joints. My own parents both developed it before they turned 60, so it wouldn't be surprising if it's in my own fairly near future.
Despite its being a wide-spread problem, I've never seen a whisper about it on prepping sites. I decided to do one. I'm not a physician, so you shouldn't treat these as recommendations; but only as informational. As some of this information is a bit outside of my every-day knowledge, I hit up the primary research to check out what I thought to be true. I haven't included all the citations, as this didn't seem to be the place for that, but I've included a few at the end for those that are curious or concerned that I just make this stuff up.
I started this series with paraffin wax treatment for the unscientific reason that my Dad had very good things to say about it (but research did back Dad up on this one). It's also very transferable to prepper types of situations, which the most common treatments of drug therapy are not.
Why paraffin wax treatment?
Based on literature reviews of many published studies, heat therapy using warm wax reduces pain and stiffness in arthritic joints, and perhaps increases grip strength (that finding is not as well supported). There's also some evidence that it actually reduces the progression of the disease.
How does it work?
Heat therapy encourages blood vessels in the warm region to open up, allowing more blood flow. Better yet, it suppresses the inflammation that makes affected joints grow progressively worse.
Here's what's needed:
Paraffin wax. This is available from canning stores. It can be reused (you lose a little each time) if you wash the hands/feet before use. Mineral oil. A big enough pot to hold 4 lb melted was and still submerge the hand/foot. A candy thermometer. A plastic bag. If any of this stuff spoils over time, I've never heard of it; so I consider its shelf life to be longer than mine by a long shot.
Here's what's done:
Melt 4 lb paraffin (available from canning stores) in a low-heat way, such as a double boiler or crockpot on low. If you're doing it over a fire, have it far enough away to melt slowly. Stir in a cup of mineral oil. Let it cool until a thin skin starts to form on top. Use the candy thermometer to make sure the temp is 125 F – right after stirring well so there isn't a hot spot in the middle to surprise you. Submerge the hand/foot. Don't touch the side of the pan; it might burn. Lift the limb above the pot and let it drip until it stops. Dip again, but not quite as high; you don't want liquid wax to flow between the previous layers and the skin since it may burn. After 10 or 12 dips, stick the hand/foot in the plastic bag, wrap a towel over the top, and hang out 20 min or so to let the treatment do its work. Afterwards the wax can be cracked back off into the wax container for re-use. (Methodology based off Web MD's description)
How often should it be done?
This wasn't addressed in the studies I read, but based on the fact that it's just a fairly gentle heat treatment, I would use it once or twice a day if necessary. Some sources particularly recommended its use before physical therapy or exercise, as it decreases both the stiffness and the pain that can impair use. (More on using arthritic joints in a later post…)
What are the drawbacks?
None of the studies I read had anything negative to report in the way of side effects or bad outcomes. I did supplement the instructions WebMD gave with a couple of additional safety ideas, as the only real risk seems to be getting burned through carelessness.
Want more information? Read Part 2 of the series by CLICKING HERE and Read Part 3 of the series by CLICKING HERE.
Click above to see all the latest 3BY Articles!
I read a bunch of studies to draw up this summary. Here are a couple of the citations so you know I'm not just making this stuff up:
P. M. Vliet Vlieland; Non-drug care for RA—is the era of evidence-based practice approaching?. Rheumatology (Oxford) 2007; 46 (9): 1397-1404. doi: 10.1093/rheumatology/kem149
Lee C-T, Kokolus KM, Leigh ND, Capitano M, Hylander BL, Repasky EA (2015) Defining Immunological Impact and Therapeutic Benefit of Mild Heating in a Murine Model of Arthritis. PLoS ONE 10(3): e0120327. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0120327
*By User:Phoenix119 (Own work) [CC BY-SA 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0)], via Wikimedia Commons
**By Gmhofmann (Own work) [CC BY-SA 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0)], via Wikimedia Commons
Reykjavik District Court has today passed sentence on the first case by the special prosecutor into the banking crash. Baldur Gudlaugsson has been sentenced to two years in prison for insider trading.
Baldue Gudlaugsson, former permanent secretary at the Ministry of Finance, committed serious crimes, the judge said;adding that his sentence is particularly harsh because he abused his position as a civil servant.
Gudlaugsson was found guilty on six charges, Visir.is reports. He was found not guilty on one charge and partially absolved of the remaining two.
He sold his shares in Landsbanki on the 17th and 18th September 2008, immediately before the bank's fall — apparently based on inside knowledge.
The court has seized the ISK 192 million (EUR 1.2 million) profit from the share sale, which Gudlaugsson has been keeping in an account at Arion Bank. He will also have to pay his lawyer a further ISK 4.5 million in charges.
This is the first case brought by special prosecutor Olafur Thor Hauksson to get to the sentencing stage. Hauksson is currently in Luxembourg investigating the fall of Kaupthing Bank.
Tempo di lettura stimato: 3 minuti
Manca l'acqua. Forse molti Umani occidentali della generazione nata dal dopoguerra in poi non han mai provato questa esperienza: rimanere all'asciutto, non potersi fare una doccia, dover percorrere chilometri per rifornirsi di un liquido di gran lunga più prezioso del petrolio, un elemento che davvero non ha (e non dovrebbe avere) prezzo. Al di là di ogni retorica l'acqua è un bene di tutti (non solamente degli Umani) e non esiste agricoltura nel deserto.
Chi è attento ai fenomeni naturali avrà notato di sicuro un inverno e una primavera asciutti più del solito in Italia. C'è chi se ne sarà insensatamente rallegrato e chi se l'aspettava: “Manca l'acqua, stato di emergenza a Parma e Piacenza. A Roma si limita utilizzo per giardini, piscine, lavaggi auto”, batte l'Ansa alle 15.27 del 23 giugno 2017. L'articolo non nega l'allarme siccità su tutta la Penisola, ma è pronto a plasmare abilmente la notizia secondo uno schema prevedibile. Leggiamo: “La siccità ha colpito la food valley italiana. Tra la provincia di Parma e quella di Piacenza – precisa Coldiretti – si coltiva 1/4 del pomodoro da conserva Made in Italy. Ma a soffrire è l'intero bacino idrografico del Po, da cui dipende il 35% della produzione agricola nazionale. Sotto assedio sono province dove l'acqua è indispensabile per coltivare granturco e foraggio per nutrire oltre 650 mila bovini, che producono latte per i principali formaggi Dop italiani, come il Parmigiano Reggiano, e 1,5 milioni di maiali, che forniscono le cosce per prosciutti Dop di Parma e di Modena e carne per salumi Dop come il Culatello di Zibello.”
Ma gli stabilimenti di macellazione e trasformazione? Che fine hanno fatto nell'immaginario collettivo? Perché i mattatoi no?
Lasciamo in sospeso la domanda e notiamo solo come abilmente in prima fila si mettono i pomodori. Indubbiamente la pianta di pomodoro ha un elevato fabbisogno idrico (che comunque dipende sempre dall'umidità dell'aria e dalla composizione del terreno grazie alle quali alle volte l'acqua può risultare anche eccessiva e quindi dannosa) ma una volta cresciuto e colto è facilmente fruibile e lavorabile sia per uso industriale sia domestico senza gran dispendio d'acqua.
Si parla poi dei nobili Dop. Formaggi e salumi che fanno grande il made in Italy, nel solco della nota retorica che si focalizza solo su quello che fa comodo sapere, e cela la realtà scomoda di una produzione d'origine animale convulsa, destinata a un altrettanto forsennato consumo (troppo spesso non si mangia, non si beve: si consuma).
Dall'aridità dei numeri
Eppure l'allevamento da “carne”, tutta la “carne”, non è un fenomeno facile da nascondere.
“Ogni anno in Italia vengono allevati oltre 10 milioni di suini. Secondo i dati forniti recentemente da ministro della Salute Beatrice Lorenzin, nel nostro Paese sono stati censiti 137.851 allevamenti di maiali, di cui 100.000 di carattere familiare, 24.000 industriali e 13.200 allevamenti industriali «da ingrasso». Oltre l'80% sono concentrati tra Lombardia, Emilia Romagna, Piemonte e Veneto.” (fonte Corriere.it 2015)
Se poi si vuol conoscere il numero dei mattatoi in Italia, ci si può immergere in una macabra lettura seguendo questo link. E' l'elenco degli stabilimenti (stabilimenti: così chiamano questi luoghi di puro orrore). Per capire un po' meglio di che cosa si tratta, basta scorrere il gelido elenco fino alla legenda delle abbreviazioni, dove si può spaziare dalle “cosce di rana”, al “laboratorio di sezionamento”, ai “prodotti a base di sangue”, agli “stomaci, vesciche e intestini trattati”, al “macello” vero e proprio.
Nessuno si chiede quanta acqua serve a tutto questo. Acqua fredda…. e bollente.
All'aridità del cuore
Torniamo alla domanda: l'uccisione e la lavorazione dei corpi vivi degli Animali non impiega acqua? Nessuno se lo chiede? Si può rispondere che, al solito, non viene percepita l'ingiustizia. La specie umana considera tutto in funzione di un utile e riesce a vedere solo se stessa. Se stessa in termini preferibilmente occidentali, ma questo è un altro, lungo discorso.
Dietro il velo scuro dei mattatoi c'è però di più.
Un sottile, carsico senso di vergogna porta a occultare accuratamente la violenza e il sangue che scorre e che oceani d'acqua cercano di lavare. Ossequiosi al potere autoattribuito sugli altri Animali, gli Umani a mantengono saldi i propri privilegi, coprendo meschinamente la verità. Basta non guardarla. Basta far finta che non esista l'oscenità sporca della morte.
Manca l'acqua, il sangue però non è mai stato così abbondante.
Costanza Troini
253 condivisioni Facebook Twitter
A press release from police about last week's cleaver attack in Burlington has left questions about the role of an armed bystander at the scene. Here's what we know — and what we don't — about the role he played.
READ: Days Before 'Heartbreaking' Burlington Killing, Suspect Self-Reported Domestic Violence
Burlington Police Chief Brandon del Pozo first mentioned the armed bystander in a press release hours after the attack. Since then, online comments have sprung up debating the individual's role at the scene. Some said he saved lives. Others said “gun guy did nothing.”
When opinions mix with facts, it creates fertile ground for fake news and speculation. So we've gathered all the relevant information from court filings and public statements to give a clearer picture of the role armed bystanders had at the scene.
The following information comes from public statements by del Pozo and a sworn court affidavit written by Burlington Police Detective Jesse Namdar, who used excerpts from other officers' reports to support charges of first-degree murder and attempted first-degree murder.
Editor's Note: As a matter of policy, VPR does not identify witnesses of a crime without their permission; identifying details of the witnesses, including last names, have been redacted from this story.
The Armed Bystander
Here's what del Pozo says about the armed bystander in that press release Thursday evening:
“The suspect was taken into police custody after being momentarily held at bay by an armed resident. No other persons are wanted at this time,” said del Pozo.“Names and relationships are being withheld pending notifications and further investigation. The incident does not indicate an ongoing public safety risk to the community.”
Namdar's affidavit quotes a report by a Cpl. Jennifer Cousins who arrived on the scene at 2:34 p.m. Thursday.
“As I drove north, I saw a group of males yelling and gesturing at the end of the driveway just south of 72 Hyde Street. I observed a male with a gun pointed up (east) the driveway. This male was later identified as John [redacted]. I observed a female victim on the ground, later identified as [Gurung's wife,] Yogeswari Khadka, with blood around her and a male standing approximately 3 feet east of her in the driveway facing her with a large meat cleaver in his hand at his side. This male was later identified as Aita Gurung. "I had my firearm drawn and pointed at Gurung and immediately began giving him hard verbal commands to 'drop the knife'. Gurung did not comply and continued to stare in my direction with the cleaver in his hand. I gave him numerous hard verbal commands to “drop the knife” as did other officers on scene. Gurung eventually dropped the cleaver on the ground next to him.” Police then put Gurung face down on the driveway, handcuffed him, and started providing medical care to the two women he allegedly attacked: his wife, who was laying at the end of the driveway, and her mother, who was on the front porch nearby.
John, the "male with a gun" in Cpl. Cousins' report, is the same person del Pozo mentioned in his Thursday evening press release.
"I gave him numerous hard verbal commands to 'drop the knife' as did other officers on scene. Gurung eventually dropped the cleaver on the ground next to him." – Burlington Police Cpl. Jennifer Cousins
But Namdar's affidavit also makes clear that there was a second armed civilian at the scene: a man named Larry.
According to Namdar's affidavit, Burlington Police Officer Kyle Yeh interviewed Larry and recorded the interview on his body camera.
“[Larry] advised he was working on Hyde St, across the street. As he returned from lunch he advised he observed someone hit someone on the steps. As he observed the suspect hit the female a second time he observed the male armed with a hatchet/meat cleaver hit the woman on the steps.”
The woman on the steps, according to the affidavit, was Gurung's mother-in-law.
“[Larry] then observed a woman in the driveway tell him to stop at which point the male began attacking her with the meat cleaver. [Larry] attempted to get the male to stop by yelling at him, the male did not listen.”
Larry, it turns out, also had a gun.
“[Larry] remembered he had his firearm in his truck, which he got then returned to the scene. [Larry] advised the female on the ground was barely moving and he observed [John] on scene with a firearm as well. “He advised when he returned with his firearm he observed the police cruisers arriving on scene. [Larry] also advised he did call 911 in reference to the attack. [Larry] identified the male who was detained by [police on the driveway] as the suspect in the attack. [Larry] also advised once he drew his firearm at the suspect complied with his orders to stop.”
Of all of the witness accounts described in Namdar's affidavit, Larry is the only one who says he saw Gurung attack his mother-in-law on the porch.
Based on Larry's account, Gurung stopped attacking his mother-in-law only when his wife – her daughter – told him to stop.
Other witness accounts described in Namdar's affidavit seem to begin soon after that, when Gurung was allegedly attacking his wife in the driveway.
A Matter Of Seconds
Police said Friday that the final minute of the incident before police arrived was likely “decisive,” meaning that if police had showed up 60 seconds sooner, they think Khadka — Gurung's wife — might have survived.
While the witness accounts in Namdar's affidavit provide an account of the order of events, it's difficult to tell how much time passed between one event and the next. However, some of what happened during that final minute was recorded on a cell phone video by a bystander.
Police have not released any videos of the incident because the investigation and prosecution are active, del Pozo said.
In her affidavit, Namdar describes the video in detail.
Editor's Note: VPR has chosen not to publish the full passage due to its graphic descriptions, but excerpts provide some insight about the moments before police arrived.
“The video starts with a white male standing in Hyde St. pointing south. The male yells to Gurung, 'Get away! Get away! Get away!'
The video shows Gurung standing in the driveway, Namdar writes. His wife is seen on the ground nearby “covered in blood.”
“Gurung stands over Khadka and paces back and forth. The witness continues to point down the street and yells 'Don't touch her! Don't [expletive] think about it again!' “Gurung continues to pace around Khadka while making statements to include, ‘She betrays me, she betrays me.' As he does this, the witness continues to yell at Gurung to back away. Gurung takes the cleaver and strikes Khadka in the head … Multiple voices can be heard yelling in the area. Those voices include what sounds like [the woman recording the video] yelling, ‘God, dude! You're gonna [expletive] kill her dude!'"
The video shows Gurung hitting Khadka in the head at least three times in the moments before police arrived on the scene.
“Voices in the area can be heard yelling ‘Hurry up!' and ‘Hurry!' [John] then enters the video from the south side and approaches Gurung. [John] is holding a firearm pointed at Gurung. The male yells, ‘Back off! Back the [expletive] off!'
With a gun pointed at him, the affidavit says, Gurung continued to attack his wife.
“Gurung then uses the cleaver to chop at Khadka's lower body one more time. The male points to Gurung with his free hand and points to the ground as he yells for him to drop the cleaver. Police are then seen entering the video ordering Gurung to drop the cleaver and he complies. As officers yell orders to Gurung, Khadka's moans can be heard in the background.”
The affidavit says John then surrendered his gun to police at the scene. There's no indication that there were any problems or confrontations between police and John or between police and Larry.
Some witnesses stopped looking, either because the scene was too graphic or to protect their families.
Based on the available information, we know that things happened fast; police say they were at the scene less than five minutes after the 911 call came in, and much of the activity described in the affidavit happened before they got there.
That means the entire incident unfolded very quickly once the attack moved into the street. It's also clear that witnesses were confused and disturbed by what was happening; people had trouble connecting the sounds they were hearing to the images they were seeing. Some witnesses stopped looking, either because the scene was too graphic or to protect their families.
What-ifs
What we don't know is pretty much everything else: What would have happened if the police, not bystanders, were the first people to arrive with guns? What would have happened if the police came sooner? What if John had been able to fire his gun? What if Larry had parked his truck closer to where he was working?
It's nearly impossible to say whether a given variable could have saved Khadka or did save another life, in large part because it's so difficult to predict how humans would've reacted differently in a different situation.
Bystanders With Guns
Del Pozo said his officers have to be prepared for the possibility that armed civilians will be present in almost any situation, because Vermont law doesn't place restrictions on gun ownership.
"[Burlington Police officers] have the benefit of knowing that they may encounter armed people at any given time. That plays into their training, that plays into their tactics." – Brandon del Pozo, Burlington Police chief
“So any person who's not Brady-disqualified [by federal law] can buy a weapon, carry it, do almost anything with it, take it almost anywhere,” del Pozo said at a press conference the day after the attack. “Our cops are aware of that. They have the benefit of knowing that they may encounter armed people at any given time. That plays into their training, that plays into their tactics. They don't necessarily overreact when they see an armed person.”
Del Pozo said all citizens have the right to protect themselves and innocent third parties, but he cautioned that it's very important for bystanders to make it easy for police to determine who is a threat and who isn't as they arrive on a scene.
“When the police are coming, you need to make it clear that you fit into it as a helper, not as an aggressor,” he said.
Phusion Passenger is an Apache and Nginx module for deploying Ruby and Python web applications. It has a strong focus on ease of use, stability and performance. Phusion Passenger is built on top of tried-and-true, battle-hardened Unix technologies, yet at the same time introduces innovations not found in most traditional Unix servers. Since mid-2012, it aims to be the ultimate polyglot application server.
Development of the Phusion Passenger 4.x series is progressing steadily. The 4.x series is a huge improvement over the 3.x series: in the announcement for Phusion Passenger 4.0.0 beta 1, we introduced a myriad of changes such as support for multiple Ruby versions, Python WSGI support, multithreading (Enterprise only), improved zero-copy architecture, better error diagnostics and more. That was just the beginning, because soon after we announced JRuby and Rubinius support, Out-of-Band Work and the Rack socket hijacking API.
Today we are proud to announce Phusion Passenger 4.0 beta 2, which brings us closer to a final release.
Better stability, documentation, test coverage
Beta 1 was usable, but not yet production-ready. While it worked well most of the time, there were some bugs that could cause crashes. So for beta 2 we haven't introduced too many new features. Instead we've been focussing a lot on fixing bugs, improving stability, improving documentation and improving test coverage. It is easy to fall into the trap of constantly adding features, but we want a rock-solid product that our users and customers can rely on.
How do we ensure quality? There are a few tools and techniques that we use:
System call failure simulation framework
Our inspiration
The system call failure simulation framework is a new developer feature in 4.0 beta 2 and allows us to simulate random system call failures so that we can test whether error handling in Phusion Passenger is done correctly. Although we already test for many error handling scenarios in our unit tests, test coverage is not perfect. This framework gives us another tool to ensure quality.
A few months ago we sat down with a customer who was experiencing seemingly random crashes with Phusion Passenger. These crashes could not be reproduced on any of our systems, but could be reliably reproduced on theirs. The crashes would only manifest under high concurrency scenarios. After a day of intensive investigation, we found that the crash was caused because their systems' file descriptor limit is much lower than any of our systems'. Phusion Passenger did not always catch out-of-file-descriptors errors, so those errors caused Phusion Passenger to crash. Due to other unrelated issues, relevant error messages could not be printed to the log file and were lost.
All of those issues have since been fixed, but it made us realize that our testing tools were not adequate. That situation could and should have been prevented. Thus, the system call failure simulation framework was born. This framework allows us to specify which system calls should fail, and with what probability. For example, the following configuration simulates the “out of file descriptors” error in the helper agent with a probability of 1%.
export PASSENGER_SIMULATE_SYSCALL_FAILURES=PassengerHelperAgent=ENFILES=0.01
Different runs will produce different errors, but you can force determinism by specifying the same random seed that was used in the last run. The random seed is printed as a debugging message during startup and during crash.
export PASSENGER_RANDOM_SEED=...
The system call failure simulation framework was inspired by SQLite's testing process. Real hardware, network or OS-level errors are difficult to create, so simulating them is the next best thing. SQLite has an internal virtual filesystem layer, and it is in that layer that they simulate failures. In our case we have a similar layer, namely the system call interruption framework which was originally written to facilitate interrupting threads that are blocked on blocking system calls.
Continuously expanding and improving our test suite
We already had an extensive test suite which consists of a hybrid of C++ and Ruby RSpec code. In 4.0 beta 2 we've improved the test suite by modernizing some dependencies, testing more edge cases, testing more failure conditions, etc.
Setting up Continuous integration
Before today our extensive test suite was run on our development machines as well as an army of virtual machines with different OSes. We have now setup Travis CI so that we would have an additional quality assurance tool. The test suite has also been extended to cover more cases.
Ruby 1.8 is now considered legacy
Ruby 1.8 is no longer supported by its authors, and Ruby Enterprise Edition has been End-Of-Lifed a while ago. Many gems these days are Ruby 1.9-only. It is more than apparent that Ruby 1.8 is considered legacy by the community, and for good reasons. We too are joining the community by considering Ruby 1.8 legacy. This has the following implications:
Phusion Passenger 4.x will continue to support Ruby 1.8. Our support goes as far back as Ruby 1.8.5.
We will optimize performance for Ruby 1.9. Phusion Passenger will still work on Ruby 1.8, but we will no longer put in any effort to make it work fast on Ruby 1.8.
Installing and testing 4.0.0 beta 2
Quick install
Phusion Passenger Enterprise users can download the Enterprise version of 4.0 beta 2 from the Customer Area.
Open source users can install the open source version of 4.0 beta 2 with the following commands:
gem install passenger --pre passenger-install-apache2-module passenger-install-nginx-module
You can also download the tarball at Google Code.
In-depth
In-depth installation and upgrade instructions can be found in the Installation section of the documentation. The documentation has been updated to cover 4.0 changes, including Enterprise features. You can view them online here:
Final
We are excited about the final release. You can help us by testing beta 2 and reporting any bugs. Please submit bug reports to our bug tracker.
We at Phusion are regularly updating our products. Want to stay up to date? Fill in your name and email address below and sign up for our newsletter. We won't spam you, we promise.
Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan today refused to apologize to the Indian Medical Association which has accused him of defaming the medical profession through his popular TV show Satyamev Jayate and said he is ready to face any legal action threatened by it.
"I am very comfortable if they (IMA) plan to take legal action if they feel that I have done something wrong. Of course, the courts are available for them. My answer is no, I will not be apologizing," Aamir told to a news channel.
The actor denied IMA's charge of defaming and insulting the medical profession.
"I deny that I have done that. I have the highest respect and regard for the medical profession," he said.
In an episode, aired on May 27, the 47-year-old actor highlighted the malpractices in the medical profession.
The IMA had demanded an immediate apology from Aamir and warned him of legal action if he failed to do so. "Aamir Khan should apologise for having defamed and given one side of the story on medical profession. If he does not we are contemplating to take legal action against him for defaming and demoralising the medical profession in his TV show," IMA secretary general Dr D R Rai had said.
Aamir, who has been focusing on social evils through the show, said his show is not against doctors or the medical profession.
"If the medical profession has been insulted and defamed by anybody, it is probably by those who are indulging in unethical practises," Aamir said.
We are very excited to announce the release of a new developer tool from Microsoft, Source Analysis for C#. This tool is known internally within Microsoft as StyleCop, and has been used for many years now to help teams enforce a common set of best practices for layout, readability, maintainability, and documentation of C# source code.
StyleCop is similar in many ways to Microsoft Code Analysis (specifically FxCop), but there are some important distinctions. FxCop performs its analysis on compiled binaries, while StyleCop analyzes the source code directly. For this reason, FxCop focuses more on the design of the code, while StyleCop focuses on layout, readability and documentation. Most of that information is stripped away during the compilation process, and thus cannot be analyzed by FxCop.
The ultimate goal of StyleCop is to allow you to produce elegant, consistent code that your team members and others who view your code will find highly readable. In order to accomplish this, StyleCop does not allow its rules to be very configurable. StyleCop takes a one-size-fits-all approach to code style, layout, and readability rules. It is highly likely that you will not agree with all of the rules and may even find some of the rules annoying at first! However, the majority of teams using this tool within Microsoft have found that after a short adjustment period, they came to appreciate the rules enforced by StyleCop, and even began to find it difficult to read code not written in this style.
StyleCop comes with a set of default rules analyzers covering approximately 200 best practice rules. These rules are full compatible with the default layout settings in Visual Studio 2005 and Visual Studio 2008.
Specifically, these rules cover the following, in no particular order:
Layout of elements, statements, expressions, and query clauses
Placement of curly brackets, parenthesis, square brackets, etc
Spacing around keywords and operator symbols
Line spacing
Placement of method parameters within method declarations or method calls
Standard ordering of elements within a class
Formatting of documentation within element headers and file headers
Naming of elements, fields and variables
Use of the built-in types
Use of access modifiers
Allowed contents of files
Debugging text
After installation, StyleCop can be run from within the Visual Studio IDE, and can also be integrated into MSBuild-based command line builds.
StyleCop can be downloaded here: https://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Release/ProjectReleases.aspx?ProjectName=sourceanalysis. We're looking forward to hearing your feedback!
× Trump Campaign Raising Millions For 2020, Disclosures Show
President Donald Trump and the Republican Party are fast at work amassing a war chest for 2020, raising tens of millions of dollars before Trump even marks his 100th day in the White House.
The Trump campaign committee, Donald J. Trump for President Inc., raised $7.1 million during the first three months of 2017, according to reports filed Friday with the Federal Election Commission. The Republican National Committee took in more than $29.3 million in the first two months, with the latest month's data unavailable.
The Trump Make America Great Again Committee, a joint venture between the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee, collected more than $9.8 million in total receipts at the end of the first quarter. And Trump Victory, which includes the Trump campaign, the RNC and 11 state parties, received about $67,000 total during the same period. Forming joint fundraising committees allows higher contributions from donors.
Much of Trump's fundraising comes from small donations, suggesting that his grassroots base could play a bigger role than wealthy benefactors in his quest to stay in the White House for eight years.
However, Trump's campaign committee has spent about $6.3 million during the first quarter of 2017. That includes giving more than $70,000 to the campaign committee's manager, Michael Glassner, who was Trump's deputy campaign manager, and more than $40,000 to John Pence, Vince President Mike Pence's nephew, who serves as the committee's deputy executive director.
Trump's campaign also paid more than $28,000 to Bannon Strategic Advisors, the consulting firm of Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist, for what was categorized as administrative assistance.
Trump's properties were a regular beneficiary of campaign funds. In the first quarter of the year, his campaign committee paid nearly $200,000 for rent at Trump Tower in New York City; nearly $14,000 for rental and catering services at Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas; more than $8,700 to Trump Restaurants LLC in New York City, also for rental and catering services; and more than $3,600 for lodging at Trump International Hotel in Washington, DC.
The disclosures also show that last December, the campaign spent more than $58,000 for what was categorized as lodging at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Florida, nearly $22,000 for lodging at Trump International Hotel and Tower in Chicago, and, in late-November and December of last year, about $2,500 for lodging at Trump's Washington hotel.
More than $3 million in individual contributions to Trump's campaign fund were new donations between the January 1 and March 31 filing window.
The Trump campaign also received more than $3.5 million in transfers from other authorized committees. Most of that money came from pre-existing donations that have been transferred to the Trump 2020 campaign, many of them from Trump and the RNC's joint fundraising committee.
Many of the transfers were made specifically for the 2020 primary — not the 2020 general election — given that that is the next campaign the President plans to enter.
This is a recently closed factory that used to manufacture ceramic, porcelain and gypsum items.
Compact production system was employed here, which means everything was done inside a single building.
Some very nice hand-crafted articles were produced at this factory, and it's a shame when independent and unique workshops like this one are shut down.
Eye candy is abundant in this place, nearly every square foot of space presented opportunities for taking a beautiful photo or even a few.
The building of the factory has a complex shape and consists of several working areas, baking ovens, a large semi-finished items and casting moulds storage, art workshops and multiple small rooms of various purpose.
To start with, I'll show you some overall views of the manufacturing facilities and equipment
Unfortunately, I don't know very well what all these things are called and what they were used for
Nice-looking passages between different parts of the building
The modeling workshops are very wet — the roof is leaking, the unfinished figurines are soaked, the shelves have collapsed.
The baking ovens are large and really cool. I attended a clay modeling club when I was a child. The school principal used to tell us every year that she would allocate some money to buy an amateur baking oven, and every year she would not cough it up.
That old witch. The club stopped functioning after a while.
And here is the storage for the finished but unpainted items
Series-produces figurines were made using casting molds, but they were still hand-crafted.
The dishes were sometimes also crafted using molds, but small-batch ones were made with pottery wheels.
One of the art workshops – coating, paint and color samples
The ovens for enamel roasting.
Everything is so colorful and pretty!
Beautiful objects were manufactured here, and many people probably still have similar things at their homes, on the shelves and in china cabinets. Such beauty is not meant to simply be stuffed into a cupboard.
Somebody broke the gun barrel off the cannon, and it is only possible to take a photo while holding it up.
Sometimes it is useful to explore the dark corners
And when I was in the large and well-lit workshops, I was flushed with sadness.
How much human labor was wasted! Was it really so hard to finish the half-done work and take it away from this wet building?
But alas, dishes made in China are cheaper and in a higher demand.
Porcelain, gypsum, clay, water, dirt and dust – now it is all mixed together.
Images by lana Sator
The video of this show is now up at the bottom of the page for immediate viewing.PE
Apologies for the short update, but I wanted to alert everybody that I will be appearing today on this segment on female sex predators on Huffington Post Live at 5pm Eastern on Mike Sacks' show. Feel free to tune in. If you miss it live I am given to understand that the link will still work to see the recorded session afterward.
Some links people may find useful:
Cenk Uygur & The Young Turks pat a victim on the back, says the victim was asking for it. The case of Amie Lou Neely.
A victim who wasn't believed, a common trait, since most victims of female sex predators are not believed, even though female sexual predators are acknowledged to be at least 25% of the sex predator population and due to under-reporting 25% is almost certainly a low figure.
How sexual predation is considered a bonus when a boy is the victim of a woman.
Also see how female predators groom their victims.
A survey of multiple studies on the growth of female pedophaelia (note: much reason to believe that this “growth” isn't growth at all, just somebody finally decides to start taking it seriously and really looking for it.)
A site that seeks to increase awareness of female sex predators.
The cultural siege on men which says that sexual predation is a predominantly male trait is continually eroding. And that's with good reason: because it's sexist rubbish.
*Update 2*: How could I forget to mention the men paying child support to their rapists?
GREAT SHOW. WATCH IT HERE
WASHINGTON — US President Barack Obama's reelection campaign enlisted two Hispanic lawmakers on Wednesday to blast Republican White House hopeful Mitt Romney over his tough talk against undocumented immigrants.
The assault underlined how the Obama camp sees Romney as its most likely opponent in the November 2012 elections and highlighted the importance of Latino voters in what promises to be a hard-fought national battle.
Romney “feels that he needs to oppose any kind of humane policy no matter how it betrays the legacy of our nation — we were created by immigrants,” Democratic Representative Silvestre Reyes told reporters on a conference call organized by the Obama campaign.
The former Massachusetts governor has espoused an “anything short of deportation is not a solution, anything short of deportation is amnesty” approach, charged Democratic Representative Charles Gonzalez.
“We know that is not a workable solution,” Gonzalez, who heads the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, said on the same call as the Obama camp bludgeoned the Republican with his own words in a debate a day earlier.
Romney broke sharply Tuesday with former House speaker Newt Gingrich, who set himself apart from party hardliners to advocate a plan to allow some undocumented immigrants to stay on US soil — notably to avoid breaking up families.
“I'm prepared to take the heat for saying let's be humane in enforcing the law without giving them citizenship, but by finding a way to create legality so that they are not separated from their families,” said Gingrich.
But Romney scolded that “amnesty is a magnet.”
“We've got to stop illegal immigration. That means turning off the magnets of amnesty, in-state tuition for illegal aliens, employers that knowingly hire people that have come here illegally,” he said.
Obama campaign spokesman Ben LaBolt charged Romney had “demagogued the issue of immigration in a politically craven way” and called him “the most right-wing presidential candidate in recent presidential history on this issue.”
And Reyes told reporters it was “incredibly perplexing” for Romney, a Mormon, to adopt such a hardline stance given “attacks on his religion” from conservatives who regard it as an un-Christian cult.
“Being subjected to intolerance like that about his own religion, to me you would think that he would be, in terms of his policies and in terms of his positions, would take a more tolerant view,” said Reyes.
Obama himself has yet to make a major push behind a comprehensive immigration policy overhaul, and the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency deported a record 396,906 individuals over the past year.
That figure brought to more than one million the number of immigrants deported under Obama.
Some 11 million undocumented immigrants live in the United States, according to official government statistics.
When Phish took over Madison Square Garden for 13 shows over a 17 night stretch, the area surrounding the famous Manhattan arena morphed into quite the interesting scene. The usual fray of Penn Station, one of the biggest commuter hubs in one of the biggest commuter cities in the world, mixed with the everyday buzz of midtown Manhattan, mixed with the already-lively atmosphere and ocean of fingers you'll see in any “Phish lot” was a sight to behold, making passers-by understandably curious.
Freak Out To Phish's Cover Of Bowie's “Moonage Daydream” From Baker's Dozen Night 1 [Video]
If you were there at any point throughout the Baker's Dozen, chances are someone came up to you with questions. “What are all these people doing camping out on 8th Avenue?” “What do all the little red circles on everything mean?” “Why does everyone have their finger in the air?” (note: my favorite response to that last one was “We're doing a flash mob…”). Outsiders were fascinated by the circus, and many people from all walks of life dove into the subject like anthropologists, from local news reports to GQ Phish style galleries.
Donut Sampler: Relive Phish's Baker's Dozen By Rewatching These Free Pro-Shot Videos
Metal blog Metalsucks.net sent a reporter–the fantastically named Bloodbath McGrath–to the final show of the run to interview fans, feel out the party, and mainly ask the question, “Is there anybody here who knows anything about heavy metal? Or do they all just think that metal sucks?” You get the feeling that Bloodbath (which, we assume, is his given Christian name) expected to find a docile pack of happy hippies–the antithesis of everything heavy metal. But what he found was a bunch of funny, colorful, clever, and mischievously fun people with wide-ranging music tastes. Needless to say, Bloodbath McGrath left impressed with how Phish fans get down. Check out the full video below:
[h/t – MetalSucks.net]
Everyday we show you the hottest shoes on the planet, from huge classic comebacks like the Air Max 97 to the latest Yeezy runners. But its easy to forget they arent the only shoes to release.
There are only so many shoes that can get the spotlight at any one time. It doesnt mean theyre the only good kicks though. Weve trawled the interwebs to find you the flyest sneakers that have fallen beneath the hype radar.
Nike Air Icarus Extra
The perfect shoe for the shape police, there's no upturned toe boxes on this door stop wedge runner.
First released in 1992, the Air Icarus Extra was a serious runner back in the day. 25 years on and it's come back in some serious makeups. Alongside this pastel pink pair there is an equally great baby blue version. While easy to find online this is a release that's flown under the hype radar.
Nike Air Max 90 Ultra Essentials Woven
Woven models seem to be having a bit of a moment, first the Footscape Wovens, then the re-release of the unique Air Woven. This JD exclusive with its woven toe box and unusual olive green is one of those that if you were spotted wearing them in a couple of years time time, you'll hear woah, what are they fam?
Diadora S.8000
Sometimes it's easy to forget that there's more to the world of kicks than Nike and Adidas. One brand who have had a real underground impact over the last couple of years are Diadora.
There's a close-knit community online of Diadora heads who won't wear anything but Italys finest. Most of these surrounds collaborations on the N9000 and V7000. But we love this Marine Blue and Fiery Red S8000 in a model that is almost exclusively made in Diadoras impeccable Italian factory. Youll be hard pressed to find better quality kicks on the market.
New Balance M1500
One of the best shoes this year has been the AFEW highly addictive Diadoras, but with limited numbers and sky high resell prices they've been a nightmare to get hold off. These Flimby made M1500 runners have a very similar pink, white and green colourway and are pretty readily available online.
Reebok DMX Run 10 OG
We're probably showing our age here but there was a sweet spot at the end of the '90s when the hottest shoe on the planet wasn't a Nike Air Max or a three stripes classic. It was the Reebok DMX.
That first time you tried Boost? This was the equivalent in comfort back then. With its sole pod design, air would move about the sole to where it was needed as you ran. Style wise, its not for everyone, but if you had a pair back in the day youll know the hype was real.
ASICS Gel Lyte V Mauvewood
The ASICS Gel Lyte V is a modern classic were all aware of, mainly thanks to Ronnie Fieg and his Kith hype machine. Who doesn't want a pair of Volcanoes? But ASICS have also been putting out some fantastic GRs over the last few years.
This soft pink number has a hint of volcanic inspiration, but It's still its own shoe, and the grey really compliments the pink. Perfect for that end of summer, early autumn vibe.
ASICS X Bodega Gel Mai
Another ASICS, but a totally different beat. If the GLV is a traditional sleek runner, this Gel Mai takes inspiration from some of the classic Nike ACG models. Rugged, and ugly, and totally in your face, we love it for those days when you want to stand out.
This particular makeup is a collab with Bodega. Known for their collabs with Saucony, this Boston staple have nailed it with this pair.
Puma Tsugi Netfit
The Tsugi Netfit is Pumas take on the modern trainer. Its got hints of that minimalist design that first came to the fore with the Nike Roshe, and that Adidas have taken to the next level with the NMD.
With the Ignite sole its got comfort sorted, but what we really like is the Netfit cage. You can literally lace these any crazy ass way you can think of.
adidas Climacool OG
A Foot Locker exclusive back in the day, ClimaCool was in a lot ways the spiritual successor to the Nike Air Max Plus. A similar shape, that Foot Locker exclusivity, and a distinct look.
adidas brought them back for their 15th anniversary, and we love this OG colourway that is just sitting online at adidas right now.
Saucony Shadow 5000 Chocolate
Saucony love their food based special editions. From the END Burgers to the Scampis and Scoops pack, the three dots are always looking for the next snack attack.
These Suede white chocolates have hit the sales and they're an absolute bargain. Saucony use fantastic suedes, and the gold hits and speckled sole really make these pop in a subtle way. Just dont wear them with dark selvedge jeans if you want them to stay white.
Hubbs got home and I presented him with a few pieces of these. He eats one, says mmmmm, then asks me what they were. I said they are Sweet Potato blondies. He looks at me and says, they are more brunetties dont you think. 😉
So lets just call them Sweet Potato Chocolate Chip bars. 🙂 These bars are gluten-free, made with brown rice flour and amaranth, with Sweet Potato puree and a generous amount of spices. I added some mini chocolate chips in these, because you know, mini chocolate chips make everything better. You can add nuts of choice. These blondies can also be made with Pumpkin. They store very well. Store in airtight container in the refrigerator for longer shelf life.
Serve these Gluten free Sweet Potato Blondies with Ice cream, salted caramel, whipped coconut cream.
Every holiday season, I seem to feel alone and write on my personal blog, about how I have expectations from everyone around to adjust just a bit for things like food or other issues, and how I get disappointed. As Isa says, holidays are about inclusiveness. We should look at the friends and family around and try to include everyone in the celebration, even if leads to cooking up something new, changing the venue or anything else.
Since, I haven't baked gf in a while, I decided that I need to brush up my gluten-free baking and come up with some gf options for the holidays. These moist, no gum, gluten-free blondies are easy to whip up and delicious.
More Fall desserts..
Sweet Potato Doughnuts
Pumpkin Coconut Muffins
Simple Spelt Sweet Potato Biscuits
Pumpkin Pie Spice Nog Pancakes
Pumpkin Pie Flan
Quick short post today while I try to catch up on sleep(Chewie's coughing fits keep us up), feel super awesome about meeting Isa chandra, worry about Chewie and worry about the thanksgiving potluck, and just about go through some mix and match of emotions.
The polls for Virtual Vegan Potluck favorite recipes are now open. If you liked my Caulfilower Broccoli Potato Masala Pie, please vote here.
Steps:
In a bowl, add all the ingredients under Wet.
Mix it up. In another bowl, mix all dry ingredients.
Combine dry with wet until well combined. Drop the batter onto parchment lined or greased pan.
Spread and even it out using a spatula.
Bake in preheated 360 degrees F for 40 minutes.
Serve warm with caramel or ice cream.
Dr. Wayne Grudem is a well known evangelical Christian theologian. Educated at Harvard, Cambridge, and Westminster Seminary, he is currently a professor at Phoenix Seminary and the author of a widely used systematic theology. Dr. Grudem is also a former support of Marco Rubio and was an adviser to the campaign.
In a powerful, carefully reasoned new essay aimed at concerned or wavering Christians, Dr. Grudem argues that voting for Donald Trump is morally good. Dr. Grudem joined me today for a discussion of the essay, why he wrote it and a message for Christian voters.
A few choice excerpts from the essay:
Some of my Christian friends tell me they can't in good conscience vote for Donald Trump because, when faced with a choice between “the lesser of two evils,” the morally right thing is to choose neither one. They recommend voting for a third-party or write-in candidate.
As a professor who has taught Christian ethics for 39 years, I think their analysis is incorrect. Now that Trump has won the GOP nomination, I think voting for Trump is a morally good choice.
And also this:
I do not think that voting for Donald Trump is a morally evil choice because there is nothing morally wrong with voting for a flawed candidate if you think he will do more good for the nation than his opponent. In fact, it is the morally right thing to do.
And this:
Should Christians even try to influence elections at all? Yes, definitely. The apostle Peter says Christians are “exiles” on this earth (1 Peter 1:1). Therefore I take seriously the prophet Jeremiah's exhortation to the Jewish people living in exile in Babylon:
“Seek the welfare of the city where I have sent you into exile, and pray to the LORD on its behalf, for in its welfare you will find your welfare” (Jeremiah 29:7).
There is much more in the essay so take the time to read it after you listen to my discussion with Dr. Grudem.
Let us know in the comments below what you think or if their issues or considerations you'd like us to address in subsequent episodes.
The best item in Dota 2 is the Force Staff.
All right, that might be a silly claim to make. Dota 2 players have dozens of items at their disposal, a motley arsenal that lives in an eccentric toolbox. Many of these items have unique abilities that are particularly useful in certain contexts, in specific situations. It's all very nuanced.
Nevertheless, the best item in Dota 2 is the Force Staff.
The Force Staff thrusts somebody forward a short distance. That might be you, it might be a member of your team, it might be an opponent. It does so with a slapstick suddenness that can save lives, perhaps hurling someone out of the area of effect of a dangerous spell, or it can disorientate an enemy or help you bear down on a fleeing foe. It's also perfect for harassing your own teammates during downtime, propelling them back and forth without any warning.
Naturally, this is mostly what I use it for.
Other items and/or hero powers that I've had far too much fun with include a power that turns my entire team invisible (allowing us to stalk the map unseen and hunt the unsuspecting), a power that conjures a ring of flaming snakes (aim it well and you trap someone within) and a staff that throws people up in the air, spinning them around in a miniature tornado. You can even use the latter on yourself in the name of a) self-defence or b) showing off. In my case, it's about a 50-50 split.
In this video, Paul expands on his reasons for singling out Dota 2 for inclusion in our Games of 2013 series. (Basically: it's good.)
You might think I'm not taking this game seriously enough, but everyone I play with is having fun the same way. We try out new combinations of items and powers to see both how effective they are in a fight, but also how unexpectedly hilarious the results might be. I've spent a whole year doing this and it's not just that I've yet to be bored, it's that I still feel I haven't even started. This, for me, is Dota 2.
I didn't expect to warm to it so much and certainly not for it to become one of my favourite games of the year. The first impression is of a game that's just about leading those constantly spawning squads of minions across the map, over and over, helping them slowly fight their way inside the enemy base, but that's only a canvas upon which a far more colourful experience is painted. Dota 2 has a vast roster of distinct heroes, over a hundred and growing, and every team, every five-person combination of these, produces a line-up with particular strengths and weaknesses, a singular recipe that's further seasoned by the items each hero will buy with their hard-won in-game earnings.
It rewards experimentation. It rewards imagination. It rewards those with creativity and a sense of fun, never being more delightful than when you find a new way to confuse, surprise, trap or escape your enemies. True, somewhere amongst your considerations is the amount of raw damage you can inflict, but just as important is your ability to stun, debuff, outrun or outmanoeuvre those you fight. The best Dota 2 players are canny and the best teams work like miscreant chefs, cooking up all kinds of new mischief.
It was all that I could do not to turn this feature into a long, rambling list of all my favourite tricks and tactics. I'd be happy to talk for a long, long time about stacking stuns, hiding all-seeing wards or turning my rivals into sheep, pigs and chickens (one after the other), but all this is still only part of what Dota 2 has given me this past year. In spite of what you might think, I am actually taking it very seriously and I have a lot of respect for what it's taught both me and many of its other players.
The game's community is gradually becoming more welcoming and tolerant.
Because it's taught us how to lose. Before Dota 2, most of the games I played online were pretty casual affairs, the sort of thing you could drop in and out of at will. This is different, demanding a much greater level of commitment, by not only asking me to play matches that might last from 40 minutes to over an hour, but also to ride the defeats right through to the end, to fully suffer those losses.
Dota 2 punishes those who abandon games by relegating them to inferior matchmaking pools. But by insisting they play matches to their conclusion, it also gives them the opportunity to turn games around, it forces them to persist and sometimes, sometimes, this means victory bursts forth from the fetid gob of defeat as if forced out by a violent Heimlich manoeuvre. Those who might otherwise quit when backed into a corner are occasionally capable of great things - and Dota 2's balancing presents slim but tangible opportunities for those losing to claw their way back.
Don't for a moment think this is common. More often than not, you just have to watch everything crumble around you and weather it with decorum. It's not an experience that the capricious, flighty video gamer has to suffer very often and yet it's commonplace to many professional sportspeople, who face defeat on a regular basis. I'd like to think it's made me a little more stoic, a little more dignified.
I've seen the game's community improve, too. The original Dota was a difficult game to get a handle on and, because a new player's naiveté could handicap an entire team, many players were not tolerant of those learning. Newcomers would both struggle to learn the game and also struggle to gain acceptance. For a fan-made mod, this didn't matter, but this was a serious obstacle to Valve growing a community and, of course, making money from something they had invested so much time in.
Much as it did with Team Fortress 2, Valve has made character customisation popular and profitable.
When I first looked at the Dota 2 beta, two years ago now, I didn't feel at all comfortable among those who were playing, but things have changed significantly since then. The introduction of a peer-review system has seen Valve taking action against those who are offensive and players are much more tolerant, even cordial towards one another. Bad language, while still present, is less common and, should someone suddenly disconnect mid-game, many players will agree to collectively pause to allow the lost soul time to return.
More progress could be made, and there are still players who bring all their rage to the battlefield, but it's encouraging to see change happening and it makes a considerable difference to how strangers play together. The majority of my time in Dota 2 is spent playing with friends, teaming up and talking tactics over voice comms, but random matchmaking has granted me some very civil games. As well as ballooning, Dota 2's community has mellowed.
Two years ago I bounced off Dota 2 and was sceptical that I would ever warm to it. I began to think that, like cricket, it would be something that so many others enjoyed, but that I'd never understand the appeal of. I still think the voice acting's cheesy, I still think it has a learning curve that you need a pick to scale, but Valve have made that climb a little easier and, while I'm nowhere near the top even after hundreds of hours of play, I certainly like the view from here. You might well like it too.
Now, hold still. I want to Force Staff you.
Despite reports from municipal staff that there were public transit challenges with the proposed Bayers Lake outpatient clinic, new documents show the province went ahead with the project, and didn't inform the public of the issue.
The documents were obtained through access to information requests from Global News.
Nova Scotia bought the 15-acre plot of land for a new outpatient clinic as part of the QEII hospital redevelopment for $7.5 million.
READ MORE: Nova Scotia releases report on Bayers Lake outpatient clinic a day after election
A question-and-answer document sent to senior staff in the health department just prior to the news going public on April 20 says, “additional transit service is anticipated.”
That's despite an email contained in the same information request sent by Halifax Regional Municipality (HRM) chief planner Bob Bjerke to Nova Scotia's deputy chief medical officer of health, Dr. Gaynor Watson-Creed, in which Bjerke said providing good public transit to the new site would be difficult.
“HRM identified that this site would not be aligned strategically with overall HRM objectives and has significant transportation and community building challenges that would be difficult to overcome now and in the future,” Bjerke said in the email dated April 20.
It was sent a few hours after the site was announced.
The same question-and-answer document also says there's a possibility of residential development in the area. But the city told Global News the area isn't zoned for residential construction.
Another email from Halifax to the provincial transportation department contains the city's assessment of the site. It is mostly redacted in the documents released through access to information, but Global News obtained an unredacted copy.
About the Banc Group property, Halifax staff said there is “no opportunity to provide the kind of transit service required by the Province.”
READ MORE: Halifax mayor ‘surprised' by placement of new health centre
Premier Stephen McNeil was on hand for the site announcement.
When he was asked about the low level of transit access to the chosen site compared to the downtown site it is replacing, he said once the development is in place, that would be an “ongoing conversation with HRM around making sure that this is an accessible site.”
In addition to the Banc Group site, the email shows city staff also assessed a site at the Mainland North Commons, the Shannex property in Bedford South, and another site in Bayers Lake at the old Rona store.
The Mainland North Commons site was “by far, the best suited site for transit,” according to the email.
But another document shows staff with the province characterized the risks for buying the Mainland North Commons site from the city as “high.”
The reasons for the “high” risk assessment were a “slow, difficult negotiation,” and that the “sale of property could be subject to input from the public.” The report also said the site was “too small,” but suggested underground parking and a two-storey building would “make this site work.”
In addition, the report said the site had “good public transit access.”
Transit risk ‘high' at chosen outpatient clinic site: Province
That document is titled “Preliminary Site Investigation Reports: Short Listed Sites.” In addition to saying that purchasing the Mainland North Commons would be “high” risk, it also labelled public transit at the chosen site “high” risk.
The analysis is largely redacted, but one of the final points says “it may be some time before a high level of transit service is available.”
And adds, “adequate on-site parking for patients and staff will be required.”
More transit anticipated with more development: Province
An interview request sent to the provincial health and transportation departments was refused. But an emailed statement from transportation spokesperson Brian Taylor maintains the province's initial position.
Global News asked why the province said “additional transit service is anticipated,” when the city's review of the site contradicted the statement.
“The province anticipates that as development grows in the area in the future, more services would likely be offered and allocated, as is typically the case when any new residential and commercial areas are developed in a city,” Taylor said. “This includes transit.”
READ MORE: Questions linger surrounding newly acquired Bayers Lake outpatient site
He also said “there were many factors involved” in the site selection. And noted “the majority of people who will access services at this site will be coming from locations outside of the downtown core.”
“This location is well situated to improve access to services. As there is nothing further to add, we are respectfully declining your interview request.”
Liberals were “incompletely truthful” on Bayers Lake health clinic: NDP
NDP Leader Gary Burrill said the documents raise more questions about the timing of the announcement just over a week before an election call, and why the site was chosen.
“Plainly, the documents indicate they already had information… that this wasn't a slam dunk at all and there were major challenges from the point of view of HRM,” Burrill said.
“I think it really shows that what the premier had to say was incompletely truthful.”
The Progressive Conservatives are calling on the government to “take a step back” from the decision and hold more consultations with the city.
“They're ignoring evidence,” Tory MLA Tim Halman said.
The real world can suck. We already know this. A lot of guys that visit JoshSway.com are quantitatively-minded, or "left-brained." They want things to be rational and practical, and the real world often isn't. Social conventions seem arbitrary, and concepts like "attraction" and "body language" can't be defined with numbers. Most of the advice on this web site is geared towards bringing some order and logic to the chaotic world of dating, but it can only go so far. This is why we often suggest you get off your computer and go get women, because improving a qualitative skill, like kissing a girl, can only happen when you're out there trying it.
But if you're frustrated with the real world, then perhaps you've found solace in a "virtual world." This is usually an MMORPG (Massively Multiplayer Role-Playing Game) like World of Warcraft. In these worlds, things make sense. Skill and power are easily quantified with numbers. Increasing those numbers is strongly correlated to time. Social interactions seem much easier since they're much more streamlined – it's much simpler communicating via a chat client than in person. In many ways, your virtual world gives you comfort.
But if you want to find success in the real world, you're going to have to leave it.
Sorry, but it's true. Your virtual world is holding you back. And this is why:
It's an escape.
This is the question you have to ask yourself, and answer honestly: imagine waking up one day, and there you are in Azeroth, Faerun, or the Middle-earth. Does this sound appealing to you? In other words: if you could actually live in your virtual world instead of the real world, would you do it?
If you answered "yes," then you have a problem. Because your virtual world is an escape, and is essentially compensating for whatever deficiencies you have in your real life. Every time you bomb a class, get passed over for a promotion at work, or get rejected by a girl, your virtual world will be standing by, tempting you to enter and forget those problems for now. So you don't study, you don't advance professionally, you don't go out to try and meet new girls. Your real life stagnates even as your virtual one advances, which makes it all the more likely you'll continue to escape. Even worse, your real life may not just stagnate but recede.
Virtual worlds are fun, but they should never feel superior to the real world. As mere entertainment, they're fine. The problem is how easily they can morph from entertainment into an all-encompassing entity that dwarfs everything else you might care about that. Don't let this happen, and if it's already happened, then STOP.
Very little in a virtual world helps you in the real world.
When play a sport, you don't just get better at that sport, but also gain lots of ancillary benefits. Your health and fitness improves, you build confidence, you gain leadership and teamwork skills, and you bond with your teammates. When you play poker, you learn probabilities, concentration/patience, and how to ‘read' your opponent and their body language. What are you getting better at when you play in your virtual world? Some of them will help with vocabulary and math skills, but not nearly enough that they can justify your time. Worse yet, they literally teach you zero about interacting with people in the real world… because you're not interacting with anyone in the real world!
Many of these virtual worlds have some social element, so sure, you may join a guild and chat with people and go slay some dragon pixels together. But you're still just typing in a text box or talking in voice chat, and not actually interacting. You're not paying attention to voice inflection, exchanging body language, or doing any of the dozens of important things that matter in the real world but don't in your virtual world. And you are definitely not learning anything about building attraction to a woman, and everything else we talk about here on JoshSway.com.
It takes too much time.
Look, the reason why I'm so against virtual worlds is I used to be totally consumed by one. I used to be an avid player of World of Warcraft, and they have a feature where if you type in "/played," it will tell you how long you've played the game in your entire history. I did this once, and 92 days came up. 92 days. That's three entire months! I remember reeling and thinking about what else I could have done during that time. I could have started learning a new language. I could have trained for a marathon. I could have gotten better at poker, or snowboarding, or any of my other hobbies. In other words, I could have done countless things that would lead to a positive and long-term improvement in the real world. Instead, I was just sitting in front of a computer, clicking around in some attempt to get shinier pixels on my character than I already have.
From a sheer time perspective, this is insanity. These virtual worlds can be time consuming in a way that no other video games are. Another way of thinking about it is this: your virtual world will take up exactly all the "blank space" in your real world. I never lost my job, quit my other hobbies, or stopped hanging out with my friends to play World of Warcraft. But I basically stopped doing anything new, I completely stagnated, and this is why virtual worlds can be insidious. "I'm not an addict," you think, "I've got my priorities right." Except life isn't just about maintaining your existing priorities and getting them out of the way so you can play more World of Warcraft. It's about self-improvement and becoming a smarter, stronger, and more attractive individual.
You Don't Have to Leave Your Virtual World Forever…
Quitting your virtual world now doesn't mean you have to quit it forever. Just try quitting for a month. Just one month. The idea of quitting for a month will cause you to feel one of two ways:
1. I'm Fine With This.
Great! Maybe your virtual world wasn't an escape, but it was still probably taking up a lot of time. In a way, quitting will be liberating — you'll feel like you have all this extra time you didn't have before. Use that time to focus on something else. At a minimum, go catch up with some friends you haven't seen awhile, and go out and meet some girls with everything you've read on JoshSway.com's articles and e-books.
2. Oh man… quitting for a whole month?
If you think you'll feel major "withdrawal" and stress out that you're ‘missing' things in your virtual world… isn't this a clear signal that your virtual world is an escape, and you're addicted to that escape? But again, I'm only asking you to quit for one month. If you really want to, you can start playing again after that.
This is what you may realize though: unlike the real world, nobody cares when you vanish from your virtual world. The dragons pixels still breath their fire pixels, your guild just replaces you with another player, and the game goes on.
This might be perhaps the harshest truth of all: in your virtual world, you may feel powerful and competent, but you literally don't matter, and there's nothing you can do to change that. Slay all the dragons you can, slay more than anyone else, and you still don't matter. The dragons will re-spawn, old guilds collapse and new ones start up, the studio releases another expansion pack. And again: you still don't matter.
In the real world, you may feel insignificant and inferior. But you can change that. Because the shit you do in the real world? It does matter.
So leave your virtual world behind, and start leaving your mark on the real one.
Starting with the Windows 10 Creators Update, anyone who installs the Bash environment will get Ubuntu 16.04 (Xenial). But, if you've previously installed Bash in the Anniversary Update, you'll be stuck with Ubuntu 14.04 (Trusty) until you manually upgrade.
Ubuntu 16.04 contains more modern, up-to-date software packages. Ubuntu 14.04 was originally released in April, 2014, while Ubuntu 16.04 was released in April, 2016.
Update: Starting with the Fall Creators Update, Linux distributions are now delivered via the Store. If you previously installed the Ubuntu Bash environment, just open the Microsoft Store, search for “Ubuntu”, and install it to get the latest version.
How to Check Which Version of Ubuntu You Have
RELATED: Everything You Can Do With Windows 10's New Bash Shell
If you're not sure which version of Ubuntu is being used in your current Bash environment, open a Bash window and run the following command:
lsb_release -a
It'll show you whether you're running Ubuntu 14.04 or Ubuntu 16.04. If you're running Ubuntu 14.04 and want to upgrade, read on. But ensure you have the Creators Update installed: You can't upgrade to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS without upgrading to the Creators Update first.
Option One: Uninstall and Reinstall Bash With lxrun
RELATED: How to Uninstall (or Reinstall) Windows 10's Ubuntu Bash Shell
If you don't care about any customizations you've made to your bash environment (or you're prepared to customize it again), you don't have to worry about performing an Ubuntu upgrade. You can simply remove your current Ubuntu image and then tell Windows to reinstall a new Ubuntu image. This is the fastest way to upgrade your Bash environment.
To do this, first open a Command Prompt window by right-clicking the Start button or pressing Windows+X on your keyboard and selecting “Command Prompt”. Run the following command to uninstall the Bash shell. This will keep your Linux user account's files and preferences, but will erase the system files, including any installed programs and system-level settings changes.
lxrun /uninstall
Type y to continue and Windows will uninstall the Ubuntu 14.04 Bash environment.
Your Bash system files are now removed. To reinstall Bash—which will give you Ubuntu 16.04 instead of Ubuntu 14.04—run the following command:
lxrun /install
Type y to continue and Windows will install the Ubuntu 16.04 Bash environment. Windows will automatically suggest you use the same username you used previously. You'll be asked to enter a password after.
When it's done, run the lsb_release -a command once again and you'll see you're now using Ubuntu 16.04. You have access to the newer software available in Ubuntu 16.04's package repositories.
Option Two: Upgrade Ubuntu With do-release-upgrade
If you've customized your Bash environment and installed software, you may not want to completely erase everything. In this case, you can perform an upgrade command from within the Bash shell. This will upgrade Ubuntu from version 14.04 to 16.04, just like you'd upgrade a full Ubuntu environment to a new release. However, this will take longer than simply removing and reinstalling the Bash files.
To do this, open the Bash shell and run the following command:
sudo do-release-upgrade
This is the process officially recommended by Microsoft.
The Google signage is seen at the company's headquarters in New York January 8, 2013. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
(Reuters) - Google's Motorola Mobility unit is to shed another 1,200 jobs or 10 percent of its workforce as the smartphone maker tries to return to profitability, Google said on Friday.
The lay-offs come on top of the 4,000 jobs cut at Motorola Mobility in August as Google seeks to make more smartphones and fewer simple handsets.
“These cuts are a continuation of the reductions we announced last summer,” spokeswoman Niki Fenwick said in an email to Reuters.
“It's obviously very hard for the employees concerned, and we are committed to helping them through this difficult transition,” she added.
The Wall Street Journal reported the lay-offs earlier on Friday, citing a company email. (link.reuters.com/tun56t)
The email about the job cuts, which will affect workers in the United States, China and India, said, “our costs are too high, we're operating in markets where we're not competitive and we're losing money,” according to the Journal.
Google bought the money-losing cellphone maker for $12.5 billion last year, its largest acquisition ever, aiming to use Motorola Mobility's armory of patents to fend off legal attacks on its Android mobile platform and expand beyond its software business.
But the acquisition raised concerns on Wall Street that Google was entering a business with much lower profit margins.
Pink is for girls. Blue is for boys. Of course our society allows exceptions now and again, but imagine showing up to a boy's baby shower with a pink bib and matching pink shoes. There would be whispers that either you're nuts or you must not have seen the ultrasound on Facebook.
But things weren't always this way. Jo B. Paoletti, historian and author of Pink and Blue: Telling the Girls From the Boys, has found that pink and blue designations are extremely recent phenomena. Around the turn of the century, both sexes wore easily bleached white dresses up to age 6, meaning that gender neutral clothing was the norm. Then things slowly shifted. From a superb piece over at Smithsonian (that you should read in full!):
The march toward gender-specific clothes was neither linear nor rapid. Pink and blue arrived, along with other pastels, as colors for babies in the mid-19th century, yet the two colors were not promoted as gender signifiers until just before World War I–and even then, it took time for popular culture to sort things out.
For example, a June 1918 article from the trade publication Earnshaw's Infants' Department wrote, “The generally accepted rule is pink for the boys, and blue for the girls. The reason is that pink, being a more decided and stronger color, is more suitable for the boy, while blue, which is more delicate and dainty, is prettier for the girl.” Other sources said blue was flattering for blonds, pink for brunettes; or blue was for blue-eyed babies, pink for brown-eyed babies, according to Paoletti. In 1927, Time magazine printed a chart showing sex-appropriate colors for girls and boys according to leading U.S. stores. In Boston, Filene's told parents to dress boys in pink. So did Best & Co. in New York City, Halle's in Cleveland and Marshall Field in Chicago.
It wasn't until the 1940s that retailers and manufacturers decided on pink for girls and blue for boys. Then the women's lib movement of the '70s actually pushed retailers back to gender neutrality. But in the '80s, the once lace-deprived girls became new moms, and the division of pink and blue started anew. Even still, given that just about any color goes for grownups these days, it seems absurd that we'd protect our children from the evils of certain shades of dye. That said, so long as advertising's social scaffolding herds youth toward specific styles and behaviors, there's not much that your studied choice of chewing-gum cigar can do about it.
Read more here.
[Images: Girls and Boys via Shutterstock]
TORONTO — After the news that Aboriginal headdresses will not be allowed at Montreal music festival Osheaga, Toronto party girl Becky Cotter has been protesting the ban citing her family's longstanding tradition of appropriating other cultures.
Cotter was at home solemnly unpacking a suitcase of twelve Indigenous headdresses she had packed for Osheaga weekend.
“My ancestors went to music festivals dressed in headpieces and fringed vests just like these,” Cotter complained, referring to her hippy-dippy, equally white parents. “It is part of my culture. It is my right,” she said. “Plus I look so cute in it.”
Cotter explained that the headpiece she was holding at the time belonged to her father, who wore it on Halloween in 1974 when he dressed up as a “cigar store Indian.”
“The Cotters have a proud tradition of appropriating other cultures. For example, my mom is famous for her Asian-inspired interior design,” Cotter argued, gesturing to a brightly painted Buddha from Pier 1 that sat on her shelf.
“And my little brother is following in our footsteps,” said Cotter. “Just last week he got dreadlocks!”
“I just don't get it. It's so unfair,” said a pouting Cotter as she removed headdress after headdress from the suitcase. “What did we ever do to them?”, she asked, referring to a community of people who the federal government tried to forcibly assimilate with a wanton disregard for their desires or safety.
“I mean, I know some government people tried to, like, totally erase Aboriginal culture in the past, or something, but now we're celebrating it — by putting it on shirts and purses and stuff and selling it!”, said Cotter.
A single tear rolled down the proud East end-dweller's cheek as she placed a “fringed feather headpiece” (purchased at Urban Outfitters for $175) on her bedroom floor. “It's just not fair,” she sighed.
At press time, Cotter was refilling her bag with stick-on crystal bindis and henna powder.
The world of the Black Panther, the Marvel Comics hero who hails from the fictional African country of Wakanda, is about to get bigger. Marvel announced on Friday a companion series, World of Wakanda, which is to premiere in November.
And just like the current Black Panther series, which is written by Ta-Nehisi Coates, the author and a national correspondent for The Atlantic, the new comic will be written by newcomers to the industry: the feminist writer Roxane Gay and the poet Yona Harvey.
“My agent was not thrilled that I was taking on another project,” Ms. Gay said. But learning to write comics exercised different creative muscles, which she said she found exciting.
“It's the most bizarre thing I've ever done, and I mean that in the best possible way,” she said.
Her story, written with Mr. Coates, will follow Ayo and Aneka, two lovers who are former members of the Dora Milaje, the Black Panther's female security force. “The opportunity to write black women and queer black women into the Marvel universe, there's no saying no to that,” she said.
As soon as I started composing “Born To Be Free,” I knew it was going to be a special song for X JAPAN. We want people to interpret the song as a reflection of their personal journey. All of us are born free to dream what we want without any limits. (YOSHIKI, X JAPAN leader & drummer)
Yesterdayannounced that they would be releasing a studio recording of their highly-acclaimed trackon November 6th, 2015. While the song may have a music video available, and the band has been performing it live all over the world, it was never recorded as an audio track. The new studio recording of the song will appear on's upcoming new album, which will be released worldwide on March 11, 2016.You can listen to the exclusive stream of "Born to be Free" on the UK webzine Metal Hammer via the following link, but it will only be live until 10AM, Wednesday October 14th:has been working on their upcoming album, their first new studio album in 20 years, in Los Angeles. “Born To Be Free” was recorded at Yoshiki's own recording studio, formerly Larrabee East, in Los Angeles, where thebandleader lives, and mixed by 5-time Grammy Award-winning engineer Chris Lord-Alge.'s new album will be released worldwide on March 11th, 2016 in conjunction with, a special album release concert and worldwide film premiere event at London's SSE Arena at Wembley on Saturday, March 12, 2016.In addition to their album release, X JAPAN will premiere their documentary film on March 12th at the #XDAY event prior to the band's performance, making the event a 4 hour, multimedia rock experience. The film is produced by two-time Academy Award winner John Battsek of the UK-based Passion Pictures. Directed by Stephen Kijak, the film takes viewers on a 20-year journey about the history of this legendary Japanese band and their dynamic leader YOSHIKI.For updates and more information onandplease visit: http://www.xjapanmusic.com/.For tickets to #XDAY at SSE Arena at Wembley please visit http://www.livenation.co.uk/artist/x-japan-tickets To learn more about X JAPAN, check out the biography on their website: http://www.xjapanmusic.com/bio.html Source: RESONANCE Media PR via E-Mail
While I do admit it has been some time since I have played the role of camp counselor (at church camp or otherwise) unless I am horribly mistaken, touching a child with your penis is not one of the recommended “horseplay” activities. Nor for that matter, is it a recommended disciplinary action, although Attorney Allen Trapp, who is representing a church camp counselor and pastor's son, Zachary Anderle, has stated that he believes it is. I could look back to the trainer's manuals just to be sure, but in all honesty, I think I am safe here.
The Chattanooga Times Freepress reported that Vineyard Community Church Camp Counselor, Zachary Anderle, was charged with simple battery, two counts of third-degree cruelty to children and sexual assault, following an incident in which he climbed, naked, on top of a 13-year-old boy. Anderle placed his penis on top of the boy's crotch, while a group of other boys were watching. He also slapped the boy in the face. Vineyard Community Church is located in Chattanooga, TN. The incident between Anderle and the boy took place at the Church's Camp site, which it was hosting in Temple, GA.
As if the actions of Anderle were not bad enough, the church committee which has been appointed to investigate the event has stated that it believes the incident was simply a matter of “horseplay gone wrong.” While the church has removed Anderle from participating in church camp activities and has also barred him from participating in any activities that involve children, the statement clearly shows a desire on behalf of committee members to make the incident somehow appear more “acceptable.” Even though I think it's clear that reasonable human beings do not engage in “horseplay” which involves putting their naked genitalia on the crotch of a thirteen year old child, apparently members of this church believe such things are “all in good fun.”
It gets better. Anderle's attorney, Alan Trapp, explained that the act was just an attempt to discipline a 13-year-old boy at camp. According to the Chattanooga Freepress report, Trapp said:
“This boy was using a lot of unsavory, sexually charged language. Zach told him to stop repeatedly. When he wouldn't, Zach told him, ‘If you do not stop, I will come down there and sleep with you naked,” Trapp also told reporters “and he actually jumped on him and all the other boys laughed and thought it was funny.”
Bud Winderweedle, a member of the “investigative committee” established by Vineyard Community Church to look into the incident, also told media:
the camp director attempted to apologize to the 13-year-old's mother and offer counseling, but she did not respond.
Yes, they offered counseling… After a naked church camp counselor jumped on top of this woman's son, touching him with his genitals, after he threatened to sleep with her child naked, and after he physically assaulted that child by slapping him in the face, they felt it was appropriate to approach this mother and offer additional counseling.
She went to the police instead. Good for her. The level of denial in this story is so deep and dark, that it's almost like a bottomless pit. The more you try to peer into the minds of these people, the darker and more frightening it becomes. The excuses, the attempts at justification, the lengths to which these church members have gone to, to try to make this behavior seem OK, is just astonishing. Yes, it's hard to admit that someone you know and maybe even like or consider a friend, is a pervert in every sense of the word. But when the denial is so extreme that it makes you believe that something like this was just “fun and games” or that it was “an attempt at discipline” it's time to take another look at your own motivation. A child was harmed. There is no excuse for that. The harder you try to think of one, the more ignorant you sound.
BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Candidates allied with Argentine President Mauricio Macri enjoyed sweeping victories in Sunday's mid-term election, strengthening his position in Congress while dimming prospects for a political comeback by his predecessor Cristina Fernandez.
Argentina's President Mauricio Macri speaks during a news conference at the Casa Rosada Presidential Palace in Buenos Aires, Argentina October 23, 2017. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
A free-spending populist who nearly bankrupted the country during her 2007-2015 rule, Fernandez came in a distant second in her race for the Senate representing Buenos Aires, Argentina's most populous province.
With 98 percent of ballots counted by the interior ministry, Macri's former education minister, Esteban Bullrich, had 41.34 percent versus 37.27 percent for Fernandez in the province that is home to nearly 40 percent of Argentine voters.
Macri's “Cambiemos” or “Let's Change” coalition won the top five population centers of Buenos Aires City, and Buenos Aires, Cordoba, Santa Fe and Mendoza provinces. No single party had won all five in a mid-term vote since 1985.
“Today the change elected in 2015 has been consolidated,” Vice President Gabriela Michetti told voters.
The election results, largely in line with pre-vote opinion polls, robbed the opposition of the two-thirds majority needed to block presidential vetoes, said Ignacio Labaqui, a local analyst with New York-based consultancy Medley Global Advisors.
“This is a significant boost for the Macri administration, particularly because of the defeat of Cristina in Buenos Aires province,” Labaqui said.
Related Coverage Public works blitz helps Macri coalition in Argentina midterm vote
Fernandez's second-place showing still grants her one of the province's three Senate seats under Argentina's list system. One third of the Senate and half of the house were elected, and Macri's coalition will not have a majority.
The private sector has worried about a political resurgence by Fernandez, who is loved by millions of low-income Argentines helped by generous social spending during her administrations.
Fernandez thanked voters at her campaign headquarters and said her Citizen's Unity party would remain a firm opposition to Macri's economic model.
ISOLATED
Critics say Fernandez's growth-at-all-costs policies stoked inflation and distorted the economy through heavy-handed currency controls.
She has been further isolated politically by graft accusations. Fernandez, who as a senator will have immunity from arrest but not from trial, says there may have been corruption in her government but denies personal wrongdoing.
Bullrich and Fernandez were tied in a non-binding primary in August but Bullrich pulled ahead in polls soon after, helped by a burst of economic growth as Fernandez failed to unify the Peronist opposition behind her.
Slideshow (12 Images)
“People are more confident in the future, the economy, in making investments. They are tired of corruption and populism,” said Cecilia de Francesca, a 50-year-old writer who was celebrating at the Cambiemos campaign headquarters.
Argentina's Merval stock index and its peso currency have strengthened on bets Fernandez would not get enough support to launch a serious bid for the presidency in 2019.
Investors, particularly in Argentina's vast agriculture and budding shale oil sectors, have said they want to see Macri push through labor and tax reforms aimed at lowering business costs in Latin America's third-biggest economy.
Police accused of heavy-handed tactics at protest outside Liberal Party fundraiser
Updated
Police have been accused of overreacting and attacking protesters as young as 10 outside a Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne.
Key points: Dozens treated after protesters scuffle with police
Students say police unnecessarily heavy-handed
Monash Student Association says some protesters "kicked and beaten"
Police say pepper spray used after protesters failed to obey orders
An estimated crowd of up to 200 gathered outside the venue at Docklands on Friday night to protest against the Federal Government's proposed cuts to higher education and the deregulation of course fees.
Protesters carrying signs and placards pushed and shoved with police, and horses were brought in to help control the melee.
A number of protesters, along with an ABC News cameraman, were hit with pepper spray.
Dozens of people were treated by paramedics after the scuffle.
Prime Minster Malcolm Turnbull and former prime minister John Howard were at the function.
Monash Student Association president Abby Stapleton said the protesters posed no threat and police were unnecessarily heavy-handed.
"People were thrown to the ground and punched," she said.
"I saw a man who was pulled by his hair and thrown to the ground and then kicked in the stomach by a policeman. Absolutely horrendous.
"We were all manhandled quite a bit, we were shoved and pushed and pulled to the ground and kicked and beaten essentially."
Ms Stapleton said a 10-year-old was among those pepper sprayed.
"There was nothing that was done that would warrant the actions of the police last night … we were there as peaceful protesters," she said.
"The police took things way too far, they completely overreacted."
The Refugee Action Collective of Victoria were also at the protest to voice anger about offshore processing of asylum seekers.
The group's spokeswoman Lucy Hanan agreed the police were heavy-handed with protesters.
"The pepper spray was completely unnecessary," she said.
"You can't come in with horses and pepper spray like that and try to wipe away people's concerns."
In a statement, Victoria Police said pepper spray was used after several attempts by the protesters to get into the venue and their refusal to obey directions.
Acting Senior Sergeant Kris Hamilton said he was not aware of any 10-year-old being caught up in the scuffle.
He said he was not yet aware that any formal complaints had been made, but said the incident would be reviewed.
"Every time police attend or are involved in an incident such as last night we review our response to understand if any learnings come from it," he said.
Police said the crowd dispersed about 8:30pm. No arrests were made.
Topics: activism-and-lobbying, government-and-politics, melbourne-3000, vic
First posted
Acclaimed yoga artist complains she has been subjected to death threats from her community for 3 years now.
On Wednesday, an incident of stone pelting took place at Rafia Naaz's house when the security guard went on a break; it stopped after police intervened, but resumed on Thursday morning. (Photo: ANI)
Ranchi: A Muslim Yoga teacher of Ranchi, Rafia Naaz, has been receiving death threats for teaching Yoga.
Naaz informed that threats started coming in the last three years after the first International Yoga day. It had stopped a few days ago, but began again on October 10.
"I have received threats. I never said a fatwa has been issued against me. There is a big difference," Naaz clarified.
On Wednesday, an incident of stone pelting at her house also took place when the security guard went on a break. The incident stopped after police intervention, but resumed on Thursday morning .
"The threat to my life is also because I'm a student leader. I work towards the safety of students and I actively participate in and work for the society. So there has always been a certain degree of threat to my life," Naaz said.
She further said that practising Yoga as a Muslim had never been an issue in her family as well as the neighbourhood.
"At home, I was never told that Yoga belongs to any particular religion or caste; and, the people who have threatened me, don't have enough knowledge about Islam," Naaz said.
A resident of Doranda in Ranchi, who has been performing yoga since the age of four, Naaz became popular in her community after sharing the stage with yoga guru Ramdev, and has won many accolades and awards in this field.
As soon as the death threats came to the attention of state police, she was provided with a security guard by Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Kuldeep Dwivedi.
Hey guys, coach Chris here! The Turkish get-up is an awesome test of overall strength and mobility. When performed properly, it is a beautiful thing. However, it's not an exercise that one runs out and masters on day one.
One of my strength coach buddies, Nico, up in NY hit me up today to ask if I would do a video on some progressions for use with high school kids. The following video covers a few different progressions, tips, and common corrections that we use here at Beyond Strength Performance NOVA. My goal is that, after watching the video, you have a broader understanding of what the Turkish get-up is, how to perform it properly, and, hopefully, avoid the mistakes that most of us make coming up through the ranks.
My Turkish Get-up Tutorial with Progressions
Hope you enjoyed! Before I sign off for the day I wanted to drop a few cool videos on you that may help as well. I'll be the first to admit that I don't “know it all.” The following videos are from people that have helped me in my quest for kettlebell knowledge!
Jeff Martone
I did Jeff's “Tactical Athlete Kettlebell Instructor Certification” about a year and a half ago. DO IT if you get the chance. Jeff is a walking textbook of kettlebell and pull-up information. Enough said.
Jeff Martone Turkish Get-up Technique Part 1
Jeff Martone Turkish Get-up Technique Part 2
Jeff Martone Turkish Get-up Technique Part 3
Jeff Martone Turkish Get-up with Ana Browne of Anabells Fitness
Lou Torres
I don't know Lou on a personal level, but we are Facebook friends- which is pretty much best friends. He's always posting cool stuff taking place at his gym, JVH Performance in Stony Point, NY. If you're in that area, go check him out! Lou posted a video that he did for a Turkish Get-up tutorial a few days ago that was fresh in my mind as I write this. He talks about a few things that I did not (like always keeping your eyes on the kettlebell).
Dan John
Dan John is the man. Go read everything that you can from this guy. Seriously, and then go watch all of his DVD's. I had the pleasure of meeting Dan earlier this year at the Perform Better Summit in Providence, RI and he is the nicest guy ever. This isn't the longest clip, but Dan still drops some serious knowledge bombs. Enjoy!
(12535)
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) is worried about dysfunction in Congress, but he's placing the blame for inaction squarely at the feet of Democrats in Washington.
"It should embarrass all of us, and it's the result of a deliberate partisan decision," the Texas Republican said in an interview scheduled to air on NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday.
Congress has predictably dithered on domestic crises this week, struggling to address an influx of unaccompanied minors on the U.S.-Mexico border and stalling on a last-ditch effort to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs before the scheduled August recess. While legislators have produced several bills, they have been unable to coalesce around bipartisan solutions to either issue.
For Cruz, the problem is a detached administration and an unwilling Senate Democratic Caucus.
"The crisis on the border, unfortunately President Obama and Harry Reid have demonstrated no interest in solving it," Cruz said in the interview. "President Obama a couple of weeks ago was down in Texas. He went to Democratic party fundraisers, had plenty of time to pal around with fat cats in the Democratic party, and collect their checks for politics."
"But he had no time to go to the border. He had no time to visit the air force bases where these children are being held, are suffering because of the failures of his immigration policy and his lawlessness," he added.
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights: Australia 2-3 Netherlands
Netherlands secured a last-16 place in the 2014 Fifa World Cup as Memphis Depay gave them victory over Australia, who are out of the tournament.
Arjen Robben angled in a shot to put the Dutch ahead, but Tim Cahill soon equalised with a stunning volley.
Mile Jedinak slotted in a penalty for Australia before Robin van Persie lashed home to level it at 2-2.
Mathew Leckie then missed a chance for the Socceroos, and Depay sent in a 25-yard shot for the winner.
Analysis "Australia is the lowest ranked team here but it was a heroic effort, an incredible goal by Tim Cahill and they should have won the game. That minute cost them with Mathew Leckie missing the chance at one end and the goalkeeper's mistake at the other. What a game, what a World Cup."
Netherlands demolished holders Spain in their opening game and, though they came nowhere near those heights, they had enough to overcome a bold Australia at the imposing Estadio Beira-Rio in Porto Alegre.
Progress to the last 16 was secured after holders Spain were beaten by Chile, who join the Dutch on six points in the group.
Having lost to Chile in their first match, Australia's hopes of reaching the next round are over, but their youthful side certainly gave Netherlands a scare.
Socceroos coach Ange Postecoglou said before the game his side intended to attack - and they were true to his words in the opening exchanges.
But a flash of quality from Robben saw the Netherlands take the lead against the run of play. The Bayern Munich forward feinted his way past Alex Wilkinson on the halfway line, raced towards the Australia goal and drove in an angled shot for his third goal of the World Cup.
The Socceroos responded immediately with one of the goals of the tournament so far, Cahill meeting an angled ball from the right with a powerful left-foot volley which crashed in off the underside of the crossbar.
Had midfielder Mark Bresciano and defender Matthew Spiranovic shown the same poise, Australia could have taken the lead earlier than they did.
Key facts Arjen Robben has scored eight goals in his past eight games for the Netherlands, and four in his past four World Cup games.
Tim Cahill has netted three goals in his past three World Cup games.
Robin van Persie only completed one pass (out of four attempted) in the first half.
Bresciano ran onto a low Leckie cross only to shoot over from just inside the area, while Spiranovic got away from his marker at a free-kick but side-footed an eight-yard shot straight at keeper Jasper Cillessen.
Dutch coach Louis van Gaal had complained about his view from the dugout before the match - and much of what he saw is not likely to have pleased him, especially defensively.
Cahill and Van Persie were both ruled out of their teams' final group games after being shown their second yellow cards of the tournament, either side of Leckie having a goal disallowed after he was adjudged to have fouled Daley Blind.
But Australia continued to press, and went in front when an Oliver Bozanic cross struck the hand of Daryl Janmaat and Jedinak slotted home from the spot.
The lead did not last long, though, as Van Persie netted his 11th goal in 10 internationals, controlling the ball before turning and firing into the roof of the net.
Australia again opened up the Dutch and Tommy Oar crossed for Leckie, who chested rather than headed the ball straight at Cillessen.
But it was Depay who decided the outcome of the game, the 20-year-old PSV Eindhoven winger curling a shot beyond the reach of Mat Ryan to give Netherlands their first victory in four games against Australia.
Australian coach Ange Postecoglou:
"I just wanted the players to get the reward for the way they went about things today.
"I have put a lot of pressure on the players and the staff that we are going to be a certain type of team and take it to world-class opposition, but it is one thing saying it and another thing doing it.
"They did that today but didn't get their reward. It's heartbreaking and massively disappointing."
Netherlands manager Louis van Gaal:
"If in the first half you lose the ball so simply or so often, then the formation doesn't matter. I needed to change something at half-time to boost their confidence and change their mindset.
"Fortunately it turned out OK, but it could have turned out differently. In the second half we had more chances and the way the players came from behind was incredible. To recover and correct that situation showed a lot of mental strength."
Arjen Robben has scored four goals in his past four World Cup games
Australia midfielder Tim Cahill has scored five of his side's 11 World Cup goals
The Dutch have won three of the past four World Cup games in which they have gone behind
Dive Brief:
Robotics was named the highest priority for tech investment this year, according to an IDC Manufacturing Insights' 2017 robotics survey, which examined robotics markets in the U.S., China and Germany, among others.
In a ranking of the top three investments for companies across the manufacturing, retail, health and utilities industries, over half of surveyed companies prioritized robotics. Mobility and cybersecurity tech followed close behind with 44% and 43.6%, respectively.
The fast-growing robotics applications are being used to reduce operation costs and improve product quality and customer service, said Dr. Jing Bing Zhang, research director for IDC Manufacturing Insights Asia Pacific and Worldwide Robotics.
Dive Insight:
It may come as a surprise to some that more companies are investing in robotics than cybersecurity tech, which affects every business with at least one computer and incurs staggering costs annually. But in the last few years, the robotics market has vastly expanded across industry and geographic lines.
Warehouse bots are being brought it to optimize supply chain management, and surgical bots are being used to zap germs and patch wounds. Delivery robots can now legally operate in Virginia, and crawlers are lengthening the life expectancy of power plants.
Marked progress in the tech industry is often accompanied by fears of automation and job loss. Estimates have predicted more than 7.5 million workers could be displaced by robots and automation by 2021, and some experts believe machines may replace non-factory jobs such as real estate brokers and loan officers within the decade.
McKinsey estimates that half of knowledge work activity can be automated, and general automation could save $16 trillion in wages and raise global productivity 0.8% to 1.4% annually. Furthermore, automation is projected to affect under 5% of all occupations.
Experts note that the turn to a highly automated economy may prove challenging, but in the long run machines taking over repetitive, time-consuming tasks could allow workers to take on more skilled and specialized jobs and attain better wages and workplace satisfaction.
CIOs and other executives need to figure out how the transition to a workplace where robots and humans work side by side will take place. In August, Siemens researchers unveiled factory designs accommodating such a partnership.
As robots take up more space in the workplace, employees who can program and upkeep them will be in demand. Computer science is already the highest-paying major in the U.S., and half of the highest paid fields are STEM-based.
There are certainly initiatives to train workers for a career in the tech industry, such as Andrew Ng's online deep learning course to train AI experts and Bill Gates' proposed 'robot tax' to fund training for workers to new jobs. However, companies and workers need to start preparations now if they hope to be on the front end of the 60% CAGR growth in robotics automation projected to take place by 2022.
With the expansion of the robotics market, related tech positions now have greater freedom in where they choose to take those skills. Software-related jobs in Seattle, Washington, D.C. and Detroit have been on the rise for the last five years, and cities outside of Silicon Valley are offering tempting combinations of high wages and low costs of living. This year, Columbus, Ohio took home the crown for the best place for tech workers.
Background Check Should Not Have Permitted Dylann Roof to Buy Gun at All; Mistake Was Due to Lack of Timely Records-Gathering by FBI and Police
So obviously what we need is more laws on citizens, to make up for a massively incompetent government.
The NYTimes, of course, brands the FBI's and police's errors a "loophole" that must be fixed.
The man accused of killing nine people in a historically black church in South Carolina last month should not have been able to buy the gun he used in the attack, the F.B.I. said Friday, in what was the latest acknowledgment of flaws in the national background check system. A loophole in the system and an error by the F.B.I. allowed the man, Dylann Roof, to buy the .45-caliber handgun despite having previously admitted to drug possession, officials said. Mr. Roof first tried to buy the gun on April 11, from a dealer in South Carolina. The F.B.I., which conducts background checks for gun sales, did not give the dealer approval to proceed with the purchase because the bureau needed to do more investigating about Mr. Roofs s criminal history. Under federal law, the F.B.I. has three days to determine whether there is sufficient evidence to deny the purchase. If the bureau cannot come up with an answer, the purchaser can return to the dealer and buy the gun.
So the police did not give the FBI the record in time, or the FBI did not request it in a timely way, and did not have, in any event, the report after three days, so Roof bought the gun.
The NYTimes is branding this a "loophole" for strategic leftist political agitation purposes -- if the government doesn't have its shit together, it's a "loophole" that can only be cured by a blanket restriction.
A writer at Reason attacks the NYT, and the FBI, for claiming its own incompetence is a "loophole" in the law.
Yes, FBI: In a way, it is a "loophole" in the law that criminals get away with crimes when law enforcement officials make deadly errors.
This "loophole" has existed since the first night's guardsmen in the Middle Ages.
Are you just becoming aware that if you sleep on the job, criminals will ply their trade without detection?
BTW, there's a "loophole" in the international system that allows ISIS to butcher Christians and Iran to build nuclear bombs, with which to nuke Tel Aviv.
That "loophole" is called Barack Hussein Obama.
He also doesn't like doing his job. He likes golf and Interesting Italians and having his picture taken with celebrities.
By Niall McCusker
Western conference teams play each other so often that at this stage of the season there are few surprises they can spring. Is it coincidence that Portland's only two home defeats have been to East coast teams this season? The previous one was back in April to Orlando, who were something of an unknown quantity at that time.
But coming into this game it was no secret that the Red Bulls liked to press early and often, so pulling Adi as an outlet seemed a strange decision and it was one that backfired as New York dominated large parts of the first half. Did the Timbers plan to play through the high pressure and simply failed to execute? They didn't seem to make much attempt to do so, often booting it long right from the start of the game.
It was perhaps a bit late in the season to run an experiment to see if Urruti and Melano could find some chemistry. While the previous two games had only produced one point the Timbers attack had been looking quite dangerous. For the first thirty minutes of this match the midfield and forwards seemed a little off from their normal patterns both with and without the ball. When defending Portland sometimes drop into a 442 look, in this game it often stayed more like a 433, with the Argentine triumvirate leading the line. But these 3 did not apply enough serious pressure on the ball, perhaps with the extra man it was less clear whose job it was to close down? The second line of Chara, Nagbe and Johnson were hesitant to move up and join the front players in pushing onto New York, so the Red Bulls had a nice little gap to play into.
Melano did get back on occasion to plug gaps in a reactionary way, tracking Portland old boy Sal Zizzo, but when he is noticed a lot in defense the tactical battle has probably been lost. A lot of games this season have looked like the Timbers need more men to commit forward, but without the ability to build possession and use them effectively with short passes these three looked lost.
The home team got lucky when defending a early few set pieces, with one scrambled ball hitting the outside of the post, but they finally started to get some possession around the half hour mark and created a couple of decent set-piece chances of their own. This season has featured a lot of scrappy opening halves, where the Timbers have survived, got into the locker room and come out looking a lot better. But this game was lost by giving away two bad goals right before the break.
This would have been an easy game for New York to ‘phone in' having traveled from a midweek defeat in New England – but Jesse Marsch and his charges deserve credit for holding out for a deserved win.
The solace for Portland is that despite 1 point from the last 3 games, no one seems to want to overtake them. San Jose's run of form from August has ended, but Salt Lake who looked out of contention a few weeks ago are back in the hunt.
Here are the individual ratings:
Adam Larsen Kwarasey 5.5: The keeper stood up well for Veron's effort on the half hour, but the Argentine had 2 runners inside him and it really should have been an easy goal. At first glance on the long-range opener he looked a little like Troy Perkins in Portland's inaugural season, getting beaten far too easily from distance. But the replays showed the true quality of the strike, it would have been a hell of a save and the midfielders deserve the blame for criminally backing off Felipe. On the second goal he looked to come and hesitated but recovered decent position, again not much chance with the header. He did have a good late save from Grella.
New York on several occasions had two men closing down his distribution so midfielders were available for the shorter pass, but that option is much easier to see from the stand than on the ground – the problem was the long balls he was forced to kick were coming right back.
Alvas Powell (off in 76′) 5: The Jamaican didn't appear to be at his sharpest following national team duty. His passes were poor and he was a little casual in possession at times, failing to link with Nagbe up the right wing. Did well to clear the ball off the line to save a goal, but it was in vain, as moments later he was out-jumped by Perrinelle who scored with a looping header. He looked to tire in the second half and was replaced as Portland switched to a 3-man defense.
Not beaten much from open play by porn-king Shaun Wright-Philips. Yes that is what I just wrote – check out the list of illustrious company SWP used to keep on the field and then the part about his hobbies off it. That probably goes some way to explaining how a player who was once one of England's brightest talents is ending his career playing second fiddle to his less talented baby brother. Don't go there Alvas!
Nat Borchers 5: He missed his chance to take outright ownership of the less than illustrious title of Portland's second highest goal-scorer when he skied a half-volley following a set-piece after thirty minutes. Then at the end he had another chance denied on the line by Robles – other center-backs might have slid in on that one, making sure the ball, the keeper and themselves all ended up in the back of net. But Borchers is more civilized than he looks.
On the defensive side he had a terrible header right to a Red Bull in the box, which led to the shot Powell cleared, but had a decent second half mopping up New York counters.
Liam Ridgewell 5: The defensive DP needed to have the comfort on the ball to show his colleagues how to play out of New York's pressure game – but his back-pass left Villafana in trouble and ended up with Veron bearing down on goal. Portland looked vulnerable on corners all of the first half and his header up into the air (compounded by Borchers) led to New York's second goal when a good clearance would have brought them into the locker room still in the game.
Ian Wright's boys had fairly quiet games, but fellow Londoner Ridgewell didn't do enough either.
Jorge Villafana 5: The left-back had an interesting battle with Veron, he held his own and started to get forward during Portland's brief good spell in the first half. He combined once with Melano to good effect, but needed to do that more often. In the second half Veron started to cause him some problems but when he was replaced by Sam the left back was able to get into some attacking positions again late on.
Will Johnson 4.5 (off in 66′): He had a great tackle after five minutes when covering for Powell, but unfortunately that did not set the tone for his or Portland's first half. He did little to sustain any possession or distribution for the home-side and Kljestan found himself in space far too often. A strike like Felipe's won't happen very often in a season, but that's no reason not to go close him down instead of pointing at him. Johnson was correct in that his side was overloaded and Chara should have done the closing, but there comes a time when you just go do it yourself.
At the start of the second half he clipped the top of the bar with a nice effort, but not enough from the veteran to rally his side.
Diego Chara 5.5: It was not his best game, but he did put the work in first half chasing down several dangerous runs and getting in some good tackles at the edge of his box. But this was fire-fighting Chara from the Spencer era, not the controlling Chara from the better parts of recent seasons. His forward contribution was limited and the sharpness was missing from his passing.
Darlington Nagbe 4.5: There are many who view Nagbe's deep role as a waste of his talents, especially when Portland are not scoring. But like it or not, normally he plays it a lot better than this game. After an anonymous first half he did a few nice things at the start of the second before fading out again, he was caught in possession in the center of his own half with ten minutes to go, but New York spurned the chance to add a third.
Diego Valeri 6: He was as guilty as the other front two of not applying real pressure to New York's defense, but when he was on the ball he at least tried to inject some urgency into the attack. He might have gone far post on his first half shot, but made Robles work and has been known to score some sneaky near-post goals. In the second half he worked a nice move with Johnson to find some shooting-space at the edge of the box, but those wonder strikes are not there yet – though he did almost score with a deflected free-kick near the end.
His corners were excellent but both center forwards failed to capitalize on them.
Lucas Melano 5: He threaded a nice ball through to Urruti in the 8th minute, but it was just too long. A minute later he had a shot blocked on the edge of the box, when he could have tried to feed Urruti again. That was about all from that partnership.
It would have been good to see Melano used as an outlet on the left when the balls down the center in the vague direction of Urruti were not working. Overall he looked a lot less dangerous than in the previous two games when Valeri was finding his runs.
Maxi Urruti (off in 55′) 4.5: He finally got another chance to start and didn't really make the best of it, but the balls to him were very poor so opportunities to show what he could offer were limited. Maybe he was meant to run into channels more and make room for Valeri and Melano into the middle, but the lack of control and possession means we will never know if that was the plan.
He just failed to get onto a Melano through-ball at the start and set Valeri up for a shot after 28 minutes, but his best chance to score was from a first half Valeri corner that he put over the bar. He and Adi both scored excellent headers from Villafana set-pieces earlier in the season but those remain outliers rather than a regular threat for Portland.
Substitutes:
Fanendo Adi (on in 56′) 5.5: The big man needed to come on at half-time, there was no point in waiting ten minutes. When he did come in he gave the attack a focal point and won a few long balls and fouls as the game started to turn in Portland's favor. He had three decent chances with headers, one of which was directed into the ground and required a decent save – but a major negative in Adi's game is that he is a good header of a ball – not an excellent one.
Rodney Wallace (on in 66′) 4.5: His first touch was a heavy one over the line when he had found himself in space on the left, he buzzed around and brought a little energy but was not overly effective except for one excellent cross onto Adi's head.
Dairon Asprilla (on in 76′) 5.5: The winger made some hard runs to the line and earned a few corners, he was lively and direct with a sense of urgency not seen in many of his more senior colleagues.
A “horrifying” number of people in Britain are viewing child sexual abuse images online, a police chief has warned amid suggestions that pedophiles who view indecent images should not be charged unless they pose a physical threat to children.
Society needs to discuss the issue, which is about “much more than law enforcement,” Dave Thompson, chief constable of West Midlands Police, told the House of Commons Home Affairs Select Committee.
“I am staggered by what I see in terms of the operations the force carries out on the peer-to-peer sharing of images and more sensitive covert policing techniques we carry out,” he said, according to The Guardian.
Read more
“The amount of men in this country who appear to show an active interest in his area is horrifying and the scale of it, I think, takes my breath away.
“There is a really big discussion I think, as a society, about how we deal with this, that's much more than law enforcement. Of course, it makes us all feel deeply uncomfortable to think that people who have that involvement in those activities should in any shape or form escape punishment. But the scale of it is just absolutely huge,” added Thompson.
The National Crime Agency estimated in 2015 that there were up to 750,000 men in Britain who were interested in having sex with children. This suggests that as many as one in every 35 adult males is on the pedophile spectrum.
A 2016 study by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC) also suggested that the number of individuals looking at child porn in Britain could exceed half a million.
At the committee meeting, Thompson was asked by Tory MP Tim Loughton whether there should be alternative prosecutions for those found guilty of viewing indecent images.
The chief constable replied: “I think if people are in denial that they've got a problem, then we need to be really careful that treatment might not work, but I think the broader issue that's being raised is this is a massive challenge, I think, that goes far beyond policing.”
Gareth Morgan, the chief constable of Staffordshire Police, told the meeting that the decision to prosecute those who view explicit images of children should not be based on whether police have the resources.
Thompson's comments came after Simon Bailey, the National Police Chief's Council (NPCC) lead for child protection, suggested that pedophiles who view indecent images but do not molest children should not be taken to court.
Britain's only nationwide agency tasked with offering treatment to pedophiles before they become child molesters, the Specialist Treatment Organisation for the Prevention of Sexual Offending (StopSO), is on the brink of closure due to a lack of funding.
Its founder, Juliet Grayson, told RT earlier this year that working with perpetrators to reduce the occurrence of sexual abuse against children is more effective than “trying to constantly pick up the pieces after the abuse has happened.”
This might be the strangest Judo Chop I've ever done.
Combat sports are meant to replicate the realities of fighting in a controlled situation. It's right in the name. A professional bout is combat in a very real way, but it is also sport: the fight is competitive in nature, and limited by rules for the safety of the competitors. Breaking one of these rules results in a foul, which doesn't heal any damage done to the fouled party, but creates a preemptive incentive to stay within the rules. At least, that's how things are supposed to work.
In reality, fouls are doled out by referees who, even at their best, are imperfect humans with imperfect vision and a very limited insight into the intentions of the fighters. In addition many referees are, shall we say, too forgiving of the potential fouls of the competitors. And accidents do happen, so it's not entirely a mistake to give a fighter the benefit of the doubt. Still, any serious fight fan could name at least one fighter with a reputation as a fouler-someone who seems to deal at least on low blow, headbutt, or rabbit punch per fight. I won't name any names, but I'm sure you'll find quite the dirty fighter lineup in the comments before too long.
No foul is more notorious in MMA than the eyepoke, and it is the one foul that, aside from some very rare instances in grappling competitions, is unique to MMA among all combat sports. However, it hasn't always been that way. Consider the boxing glove.
This is a pair of standard, modern-style boxing gloves.
Modern boxing gloves force the thumb to lie alongside the fingers, rather than folded across the knuckles as is done when punching bare fisted. The thumb is entirely immobilized, being fixed in this position with a few stitches or a connecting piece of leather.
Despite some claims to the contrary, boxing gloves exist to protect the hands of the puncher more than the brain of the opponent. And yet modern gloves prevent the boxer from moving his thumb to a more anatomically sound position, potentially increasing the chances for a boxer to injure his thumb. Why might that be, you ask?
Well, in the old days boxing gloves looked like this:
Turn-of-the-century boxers had free use of their thumbs, and were more able to form a tight, anatomically sound fist. Unfortunately, they were also able to deliberately thumb each other in the eye, and they did so with gusto, hence the redesigned equipment.
Thus we come to Constantinos "Costa" Philippou, who tomorrow faces former Strikeforce middleweight champion Luke Rockhold, a much-needed opportunity for both men to retain divisional relevance. Fans will remember how, two fights ago, Costa won a drawn out TKO over Tim Boetsch in a bout that, for Boetsch, was a seemingly endless series of unfortunate events. A broken hand in the first round prompted Boetsch to focus on closing the distance with Philippou and pursuing the takedown. In his first effort of round two he received a nasty gash on the forehead after a clash of heads with Philippou, which did indeed appear to be incidental. Then, as if things couldn't get worse for the Barbarian, Philippou dealt him a nasty eye poke.
1. Boetsch, fueled by Barbarian bloodlust, charges in for a takedown with Philippou's back to the fence.
2. Philippou keeps Boetsch away from his hips by posting his left hand on Boetsch's shoulder, and cups his right hand under Boetsch's outstretched left arm.
3. Instead of pushing Boetsch's arm past and sliding out of range, or cupping under the Barbarian's armpit to gain a leverage advantage, Philippou slips his hand inside of Boetch's arm and "pushes" against his face, driving his ring finger into Tim's eye.
4. It's super effective!
Of course, everything looks intentional in a freeze frame, but the GIF doesn't do much to assert Philippou's innocence. A close look at the rest of the fight reveals several other instances wherein Philippou's extended fingers were placed perilously close to Tim Boetsch's eyes.
1. Boetsch lunges in with a combination of punches; Costa sticks an open hand in his face.
2. Boetsch roughs his opponent up in the clinch; Costa sticks an open hand in his face.
3. Boetsch jabs (with a closed fist) from range; Costa sticks an open hand in his face.
4. Boetsch works for a takedown; Costa rakes his open hand across Boetsch's face.
To my knowledge, Philippou has never been known as a dirty fighter. The Boetsch fight stands alone as the only example of Philippou sticking his fingers in the eyes of his opponent, though the images do give the impression that this was deliberate. Granted, in his next bout, a loss to Francis Carmont, Philippou didn't get near his opponent's eyes. But Carmont, unlike Boetsch, didn't exactly give him any opportunities; his takedowns were so well timed that Philippou couldn't even react to stop them, and indeed failed to stuff a single one of the Frenchman's GSP-esque tackles.
Before facing Boetsch, Philippou received a truly nasty eye poke at the hands-er, fingers of Riki Fukuda. The referee, as could be expected, quickly ruled the poke accidental. The pain was so intense that Philippou cried out, even while being examined by the doctor, and took nearly the full five minutes to recover before admirably finishing the bout. Philippou even admitted after the fight that he thought he had lost his eye, so bad was the poke. And just one fight later, he did the same thing to Tim Boetsch.
Now is it assuming too much to suggest that, after feeling firsthand the fight-changing effects of an eye poke, Philippou immediately made them a part of his arsenal? Is it a product of confirmation bias that a second viewing of Philippou's fight with Boetsch reveals a number of near-pokes very similar to the one that, in part, led to Philippou's win over his first top ten opponent? Perhaps.
And perhaps not.
The truth is that, without stricter refereeing, eye pokes are and will continue to be a very real part of the sport of MMA. We use the word "professional" to denote someone who does something cleanly and well, but in reality it means that they do it for money. We must remember that, for many fighters, this is their livelihood. Each fight could make or break them-put food on their table or take it away. So who are we to call them dishonorable for exploiting a hole in the rules that very few officials make any effort to close up?
In boxing, there is a concept called "gamesmanship." This is a polite term for "dirty fighting." Many fighters are renowned for their use of these tactics. In fact, there is a certain respect given to "game" veterans who understand how to bend the rules and hide subtle fouls from the referee, by holding the opponent and punching him in the kidney where the referee can't see, or cleverly letting his head or elbow collide with the opponent's jaw after a missed punch.
Renowned boxing trainer Nacho Beristain said in an interview with MaxBoxing:
Look, my favorite fighter in the world is called Bernard Hopkins because he is an extremely dirty fighter. . . He hits you with the elbows. He hits you here in the thighs. He hits you over here. . . If the referee changes to this side, he grabs them from here and hits them. He is a sensational guy, his technique, his age, apart from being very smart. That [guy] is my idol.
These tactics are technically forbidden, but they are also part of the game of boxing, and sometimes playing the game means breaking the rules.
Maybe the idea of a fingernail colliding with an open eye is too visceral for MMA fans to ever respect its use as a tactic, but as MMA fighters realize the continued reluctance of referees to deduct points, we are certain to see many more "accidental" fouls at the highest levels of this sport.
On Wednesday, Oct. 25, the Overby Center for Southern Journalism and Politics featured the premiere and discussion of a new documentary film titled “Flag Flap Over Mississippi.” This film is an independent venture by award-winning filmmaker Rex Jones and was produced by The Southern Documentary Project, an institute of the Center for the Study of Southern Culture at the University of Mississippi.
Rex Jones said he is a “one-man band” behind the film, shouldering the entire filmmaking process from research to camerawork. His film studies the pressures and conflicts surrounding the divisive Mississippi state flag and includes interviews with Mississippians who represent a range of opinions on the meaning of the state's official banner, which displays the Confederate battle emblem.
He said he tried to format this film as a conversation between people who wouldn't normally talk to one another.
“When I first conceived of the film, it struck me that the discourse around the state flag is usually so acrimonious that it prevents any real understanding of differing positions,” he said.
Jones said he can't guarantee that audiences will like the film, but he promises that all members will hear something they don't agree with, and that's OK.
“Hearing — or more appropriately, listening — is an essential part of real communication,” he said.
Becca Walton, the associate director for the Center for the Study of Southern Culture, plans events like Wednesday's film screening.
“The film is very timely with the current debate about Confederate symbols in connection to white supremacist violence,” she said.
“Flag Flap Over Mississippi” explores themes and standpoints of the flag within the context of the existing political atmosphere.
“In the current political climate, we're pleased to have a forum for thoughtful, reasonable discussion,” Walton said. “It is important that we understand the historical context of the state legislature's selection of the flag in 1894 and then the meanings attached to the flag over the last century and now.”
Susie Penman, a former Ole Miss student and a vocal opponent of the flag, said she liked how the film represented both sides.
“I liked the dialogue in the movie from people of opposing viewpoints. I don't often engage with pro-state flag people, so it was good for me to listen to the opposite side.”
Following the film screening, a discussion was moderated by Southern studies visiting professor W. Ralph Eubanks with two people who appear in the film, Starke Miller, a local Civil War historian, and Carlos Moore, an attorney and judge who is suing the state of Mississippi on grounds that the flag is harmful and destructive. The discussion comprised of social, cultural, economic, political and legal factors that are associated with the flag.
“(The Confederate battle emblem) was put on the state flag to remember the courage and valor of the men who fought under that flag and remember what they denoted ‘The Second American Revolution,'” Starke Miller, an advocate of the flag, said. “It was never a government flag or the Confederate states' government flag. It was the flag of the fighting men.”
“As someone who is trained in law, I know about fundamental rights as Americans and that they are not subject to a vote,” Judge Moore, an adversary of the flag, said. “I also know, having studied constitutional law, anything that is done by a state actor that has a discriminatory intent and has a disparate impact is unconstitutional under the 14th Amendment.”
Eubanks said the discussion is of public interest because the debate was part of the cultural transition of the American South. He said that Mississippi has struggled in the past to move toward a new future.
“This discussion has its eyes tilted toward a new future.”
Christina Huff, a former Ole Miss student, objects to the flag.
“Personally, I'm for taking down the flag, but I think it's important that they had two sides of the story so the audience can then make a decision for themselves rather than someone forcing an opinion on people,” she said.
There are plans in the works to screen the film statewide, starting with Millsaps College on Nov. 6, and continuing with south Mississippi and the Delta in the new year. Mississippi Public Broadcasting is scheduled to broadcast the film in January.
Pin 1 337 Shares
(ANTIWAR) The US policy of arming “moderate” rebel factions in Syria have a lot of problems, but none bigger than the Nour al-Din al-Zinki, a Free Syrian Army (FSA) linked group that's been getting US aid for quite some time, and also grabbing headlines for a series of incidents.
In early July, an Amnesty International report named them as one of several US-backed group involved in torture and summary executions. Just two weeks later, the group's social media accounts showed fighters beheading a young Palestinian boy described as “an Assad soldier.” Now, Russia is suggesting this same group was responsible for a chemical weapons attack this week in Aleppo.
That's a lot of bad publicity for a matter of a few weeks, and is starting to come up in State Department briefings, though spokesman Mark Toner downplayed the incidents, or the possibility that the US would stop arming Nour al-Din al-Zinki just because they beheaded a child and used chemical weapons.
“First of all, there's a lot of betting of the Syrian moderate opposition that has already taken place, and it's not just by the US,” Toner insisted, adding that “one incident here and there would not necessarily make you a terrorist group.”
Toner said that didn't mean the US condoned the beheading or the chemical attack, but that the US focus was on backing “the moderate opposition,” and differentiating Nour al-Din al-Zinki from other groups like ISIS and al-Qaaeda's Nusra Front, because those groups have aspirations to attack not just in Syria, but also against the West.
This article (State Dept Excuses Syria Rebel Group Over Terror Attacks) by Jason Ditz, originally appeared on AntiWar.com and was used with permission. Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11pm Eastern/8pm Pacific. If you spot a typo, email edits@theantimedia.org.
Pin 1 337 Shares
Ms. Vadnai, who had counseled drug users in San Francisco before moving to New York, wanted to balance the presentation of the bags as art objects with some consciousness of the devastation caused by the powder they had once held.
“I felt the public health message had to be very clear,” she said as she walked with Mr. Mateu-Gelabert along a stretch of Troutman Street, where the artists had regularly searched for their raw material. “I wasn't sure how to showcase them without it feeling exploitive.”
Photo
Just over 1,800 unstamped packets — the number a heavy heroin user might go through in a year, the show notes — will be arranged in rows on a wall in an effort to make the idea of addiction seem less abstract. Bags typically sell for about $10, Ms. Vadnai said, and may contain anywhere from 30 milligrams of heroin up to a tenth of a gram. Cards bearing facts about the health hazards of injection drug use will also be distributed at the show.
In addition, Ms. Vadnai, Mr. Mateu-Gelabert and their collaborators decided to give some of the show's proceeds to the Lower East Side Harm Reduction Center, a counseling and needle-exchange organization near the gallery. The collective members said such an organization has more of an impact than groups that simply seek to get drug users to quit.
Heroin users donated some of the packets in the exhibition. Social Art Collective members found others near drug distribution spots and areas where addicts congregate. The artists found packets in the rugged streets of Bushwick and in Mott Haven in the Bronx, and in the gentrifying streets of the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn and the Lower East Side. They picked up packets near the stately brownstones that surround Gramercy Park, and inside Tompkins Square Park, where the trade flourished in the 1980s and into the 90s and still exists.
The stamps that identify the heroin inside draw on a wide range of references. There are names like White Fang, Time Bomb and Monster Power, which is decorated with an image of the grim reaper with a scythe. There are allusions to religion (Deadly Sin and the Last Temptation), crime (Notorious and Outlaw) and publishing (Life, in white capitals against a red background, and Daily News, along with the old camera logo of that tabloid). There is also a packet stamped with the words “Tango and Cash,” the name attached to a fentanyl-laced brand of heroin that infamously caused 12 fatal overdoses in one weekend in 1991.
Photo
Several heroin brands seem to dwell on the delicate balance of mortality that accompanies their use. Those include the Last Shot, Game Over, No Exit and No Pain, which is illustrated with a coffin and a cross.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Many of them are metaphors,” Ms. Vadnai said. “They are saying that the heroin is so strong, so good, it might kill you.”
Mr. Mateu-Gelabert agreed, saying that such names and images were “playing with the edge between life and death.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
While collecting packets, the organizers also conducted a form of ethnographic research, speaking with dealers, users and runners, who serve as intermediaries in a drug sale. One member of the collective, Ashley Jordan, interviewed a man who designed and made rubber stamps that were used to place images on packets.
Those images may not be copyrighted but their creators still have highly proprietary feelings. Earlier this year, Mr. Mateu-Gelabert said, a heroin dealer in Bushwick became upset that another man had appeared on his territory and copied his brand, Too Strong. The first dealer began distributing a new brand, called Shooters — one of those in the show — which featured two revolvers facing each other.
“It was really about sending a message to the dealer who was selling in his neighborhood on his block,” Mr. Mateu-Gelabert said. “It was to convey the message that if you continue messing with our market you will face the guns.”
Recently, I got curious about how many cigarette butts an individual smoker throws out the window. Like many things, we probably think just a few here and there doesn't add up. The mentality of “I'm just one person and what I'm doing isn't much” can easily take over with anything. I decided to look up some information on this to find out how many cigarette buts actually get tossed out the car window.
According to some statistics, the average smoker smokes about 20 cigarettes per day, which is one pack. That seems about right, from what I've seen. However, some statistics showed that it was less. So I decided to use 15 cigarettes per day as the average. So in a year that comes to 5,475 cigarette butts produced by one person. Obviously, those aren't all smoked while driving a car. The average person spends around 101 minutes a day driving. So here is a break down of these numbers.
AVERAGE STATISTICS FOR ONE PERSON
Cigarettes Smoked : 15 per day (5,478.75 per year)
: 15 per day (5,478.75 per year) Cigarettes Smoked While Driving : 2.1042 per day* (768.56 per year)
: 2.1042 per day* (768.56 per year) For visualization, here is a photo of 700 cigarette butts on a grocery bag.
Weight of Cigarette Butt : 0.12 oz
: 0.12 oz Total Weight of Cigarette Butts While Driving : 5.7642 lbs (92.2272 ounces)
: 5.7642 lbs (92.2272 ounces) This doesn't even factor in the number of cigarettes tossed to the ground while walking, taking a smoke break or anything else. This is only from driving.
* Since we must sleep and there are not opportunities to smoke at every moment someone is awake, I factored in a 12 hour (720 minutes) period each day when a person would be able to smoke.
We all enjoy the beauty of this area, even you. This is why so many people visit here and move here. So next time you're out driving, a passenger in a car, hiking, ice fishing, or whatever. Don't throw your cigarette out the window. Dispose of it correctly. There are even FREE ash trays that you can keep in your car for this. You will be helping yourself and many others like you to be able to continue enjoying the area in good conditions.
Sources
Today's reader recommendation comes from Denise Sakaki (aka wasabiprime on AHT/Serious Eats), who has previously shared three burger reviews with us and writes about farmers' markets on Serious Eats. Denise, a freelance graphic designer, blogs about food at Wasabi Prime and you can follow her on Twitter @wasabiprime. Thanks, Denise! If anyone else wants to share some burger intel, here's how to do it. —The Mgmt.
John Howie Steak 11111 Northeast 8th Street, Ste. 125, Bellevue WA 98004 (map); 425-440-0880; johnhowiesteak.com
Cooking Method: Grilled
Short Order: An amazing burger that combines grilled cheese sandwiches with fried bacon and onion rings, yet keeps the flavors distinct and cohesive
Want Fries With That? Fries come with the burger, and best enjoyed hot and crisp, but opt for homemade chips for something less heavy
Price: $16
Notes: Bring a friend and split the burger. After work/happy hour is packed, but Sunday nights are mellow.
More Guide to Steak All the methods and tips you need to make perfect steak, each and every time.
It seems like everyone's trying to one-up each other with crazy hamburgers that look like something out of a mad scientist's lair, making for a trend that pushes the boundaries of edible excess. The Triple Bypass Burger from John Howie Steak is no exception: It's made with a 3/4-pound grilled patty of ground prime chuck, two kinds of melted cheese (Swiss and cheddar), bacon fried in a tempura batter, onion rings, a house-made take on drive-in sauce, and it's all layered between two grilled cheese sandwiches.
I shook my head when I saw this beast appear before me. I know what you're thinking (or shouting out loud): "This is what's wrong with this country!" I would normally say the same thing, but I gotta admit, it's a pretty amazing hamburger. There's no way you're going to eat a whole one, so just bring a friend or two, don't schedule any cholesterol tests in the near future, and carve up one of these bad boys with a knife and fork.
It's amazing that despite all the different layers of ingredients, you don't lose sight of the flavors. You taste the rich smokiness of the beef. My burger was cooked medium with a bit of pink in the middle, and every bite was juicy. The tempura fried bacon and onion is over the top, but the batter is light and thin, not doughy. You taste the sweetness of the onion and peppery bite of the bacon. The cheese isn't piled on, avoiding a gooey mess. The sauce is tangy and sweet, so that helps cut into the richness and help further define flavors.
As for the double grilled cheese top and bottom, they're made with thinly sliced pieces of bread, making each sandwich about the thickness of a hefty split Kaiser roll. While it's still a bready beast, you're not just getting a giant mouthful of grilled cheese sandwich.
Granted, it's not a dollar menu special—$16 is a lot to spend on a hamburger—but considering the size, it's worth it as a meal that needs to be split. It comes with fries, but I recommend swapping with their house-made chips as they're not as heavy. It seems odd to enjoy a hamburger at a nice steak restaurant, but John Howie Steak knows its beef very well, and their Triple Bypass Burger is just a way of them saying while they take their ingredients seriously, they have a wicked sense of humor. —wasabiprime
Want to see your favorite burger joint on AHT? Here's how you can submit a review!
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
"Movies and Richard Milhous Nixon can each tell us a lot about America. In this sui generis study—combining film analysis, social history, psychological observation, and political biography—Mark Feeney reminds us that Nixon and the movies can also tell us a lot about each other. It will take further decades fully to understand the subliminal life of RMN. Here's a great beginning."—Kevin Starr "In Nixon at the Movies, Mark Feeney has given us a thought-provoking and truly original book—a work filled with incisive insights into a fascinating figure."—Robert A. Caro
What Nixon Saw and
When He Saw It by Mark Feeney Appendix from Nixon at the Movies: A Book about Belief This list of Nixon screenings is primarily drawn from the President's Daily Diary, which was kept by the Secret Service throughout his presidency. During much of 1969, the diary was kept in a sketchier fashion than during 1970–73. In December 1973, the White House became increasingly anxious about leaks as Watergate worsened and directed the Secret Service to keep a less detailed record of the president's daily schedule. Citations that do not list a date, site, or both, are drawn from one of three sources: The Haldeman Diaries; a 1970 memorandum Rose Mary Woods prepared in response to a Newsweek query as to what films Nixon had seen while president; or, from the second half of December 1973 until August 1974, the personal logs kept by White House projectionist Paul Fisher. I am very grateful to Mr. Fischer for sharing that information, as well as to Irv Letofsky for putting me in touch with him. Key to screening sites: WH White House CD Camp David KB Key Biscayne SC San Clemente PS Walter Annenberg's Palm Springs estate GC Robert Abplanalp's Grand Cay home CB Caneel Bay Plantation MI Minot Island, Maine AI Thomas McCabe's residence on Assateague Island, Maryland
1969 Date Site The Shoes of the Fisherman 1/22 WH The Sound of Music 2/14 WH The Sand Pebbles
2/15
3/29 CD
Jane Fawcett passed away on May 21st, 2016, at her home in Oxford, England. She was 95 years old.
Fawcett was a young London society woman when she began working at Bletchley Park, the headquarters of Britain's code-breaking efforts in World War II. She is credited with identifying the message that led to the sinking of the German battleship Bismark.
After the war, she went on to a career as a singer and, later, worked in heritage preservation. Her lasting legacy, however, is as the sharp-eyed British wartime decoder.
Germany's mightiest battleship in 1941 was the Bismark. In May of that year, it became a prime target of the Allies after it sunk one of the most powerful vessels in the British navy, the battlecruiser Hood. Much of the British fleet was devoted to finding and destroying the Bismark, which was thought to have withdrawn to the North Atlantic in the vicinity of Norway.
Fawcett, who was Jane Hughes at the time, was 20-years old and working at Bletchley Park, the estate in Buckinghamshire, north of London, where the Government Code and Cypher School was located.
Thousands of young women worked there during the war. Many were like Fawcett, recruited from the upper strata of British society. They performed a variety of tasks, mostly assisting the male team members who were struggling to decode the German military missives written by code machines such as the Enigma device.
The Enigma machine generated new codes daily and, while the Allies had achieved some success in decoding them, it was still laborious work and results were unpredictable, requiring a chain of vigilant workers. Fawcett worked in Hut 6, which focused on breaking codes from the German Army and the Luftwaffe, the German air force.
In Michael Smith's 2015 book, The Debs of Bletchley Park and Other Stories, he describes her station. She worked at a Typex that was modified to replicate an Enigma machine. When the daily code was broken, either she or another woman in the decoding room would receive the keys and type out the encoded messages.
The Typex would print out the decoded message and Fawcett and her co-worker would then check to see if the message was readable German. She had learned the language during her time in Switzerland. The German messages were then passed along to Hut 3, where they would be included in intelligence reports.
On May 25, 1941, she was briefed with the others about the Bismark. “We all knew we'd got the fleet out in the Atlantic trying to locate her because she was the Germans' most important, latest battleship and had better guns and so on than anybody else, and she'd already sunk the Hood,” Ms. Fawcett recalled in the book. “So it was vitally important to find where she was and try to get rid of her.”
Just over an hour into her shift, Fawcett typed out a message from the main Luftwaffe Enigma machine. She recognized that the decoded message was a reply to a German general who had inquired about the health of his son who was on the Bismark. The response indicated that the Bismark had been damaged and was on its way to the port of Brest, in Brittany, France, for repair.
The message was instrumental in finding the Bismark. It was spotted by a seaplane, attacked by aircraft carrier torpedo bombers, and swarmed by Royal Navy battleships and cruisers. It was sunk in the Atlantic west of Brest on May 27.
Janet Carolin Hughes was born on March 4 , 1921 – most likely in Cambridge, where her paternal grandmother lived, although her family lived in London. Her father, George Ravensworth Hughes, was a lawyer in the Goldsmiths' Company guild. Her mother, formerly Peggy Graham, did charitable work as a prison visiter.
The young Jane dreamed of becoming a ballet dancer and trained for a year at Sadler's Wells. At 17, she was determined as too tall for the company; her parents sent her to Switzerland as a consolation. She spent six months there studying German. Her mother called her back for debutante season, deciding that it was time for her to come out in society.
Resentful of having to return to London, in 1940 she applied to work at Bletchley after hearing from a friend who was already working there. She signed the Official Secrets Act, which compelled her to keep her work to herself, and was assigned to Hut 6. She told her parents that she had joined the Foreign Office supporting British interests abroad, even though she was only 50 miles from home.
“It was very bad accommodation,” she recalled in The Debs of Bletchley Park. “Very cold in the winter and very hot in the summer. No insulation of any kind except for blackout curtains. We had horrid little trestle tables, which were very wobbly, and collapsible chairs, which were also very wobbly, very hard. There was very poor lighting; single light bulbs hanging down from the ceiling. So we were really in semidarkness, which I expect is what the authorities wanted, better security.”
After the war, she trained as a singer at the Royal Academy of Music. She toured as a recital and opera singer throughout the 60s. She joined the Victorian Society, which was formed to protect Victorian-era buildings. She once won a famous battle against British Railways to save the St. Pancras train station in London and the Midland Grand Hotel beside it. She also taught building preservation at the Architectural Association School of Architecture.
She met her husband, Edward Fawcett (called Ted), at a luncheon arranged for young naval officers so they could meet young women. The two were married just after the war. Mr. Fawcett worked as director of publicity for the National Trust, a British charity that works to conserve and protect historic sites. He died in 2013.
Jane Fawcett is survived by her son, James Fawcett, her daughter Carolin Comberti, and five grandchildren.
The California Roll is one of the most popular sushi styles in the U.S. It was invented in Vancouver, Canada in the seventies by the Japanese chef Hidekazu Tojo. He noticed that local clients didn't like the raw fish and the seaweed wrapper traditionally used in sushi, so he decided to replace some of the ingredients and turn the roll inside out to hide the seaweed. At the time his restaurant had many visitors from Los Angeles who enjoyed the new kind of roll. The roll was given the name California roll. The rest is sushi history. The below recipe is CehfDeveaux's take on the California roll. Slightly changed from the original recipe, it tastes even better! Instructions
Step 1: chopping the crab sticks Finely chop the crab sticks. 3 sticks are enough for 2 to 3 sushi rolls.
Step 2: adding mascarpone and mayonnaise Put the chopped crab sticks in a mixing bowl. Add 1 teaspoon of mascarpone, 1 teaspoon of mayonnaise and 2 shakes of Aromat Seasoning. Mix well, using a spoon or fork.
Step 3: putting the rice on the nori sheet Put half a nori sheet shiny side down on your cutting board. Spread 150 grams of cooked sushi rice over the sheet. Use your fingers to fluff out the rice and make sure to cover the whole sheet. Sprinkle roasted sesame seeds over the rice. Click here to learn how to cook sushi rice. Tip: slightly wet your hands to prevent rice sticking to them.
Step 4: adding the ingredients Put a bamboo rolling mat inside a zip-lock bag. Flip the nori sheet over and place it on the mat. Spread the crab mixture on the middel of the nori sheet. Add 2 oblong avocado slices on one side and 2 oblong cucumber slices on the other side. Keep some space open on both sides of the nori sheet.
Step 5: rolling the roll Fold the mat over the filling, while holding the filling in place with your thumbs. Pause a few times to firm up the roll by applying pressure along the length of the mat. Roll or fold the mat a bit further and again firm up the roll. Continue until you're able to close the roll. Then unroll the mat and set the sushi roll aside.
Step 6: covering the roll with cling film After rolling, the California roll should look like this. Now cover the roll with cling film. Use the rolling mat to press the cling film against the roll. The cling film will fix the roll and the rice. This enables you to cut the roll in perfect sushi pieces.
Step 7: cutting the sushi roll Hold your knife under the cold tap for a few seconds. This prevents rice from sticking to the blade. Cut the roll. Start with the heel of your knife and gently cut through the roll in one fluid motion. To create slices of equal size, cut the sushi roll in half, then into quarters, and then into eighths. You may need to moisten the blade again if it begins to drag. Make sure you're using a really sharp knife. Chef Deveaux recommends using one of these Chef Knives. The knife needs to be really sharp because using too much pressure while cutting will mess up your sushi roll.
Some 5,000 light-years away from Earth, in the constellation Centaurus, a spooky object is illuminating the skies: The Boomerang Nebula.
This ghost-like cloud of gas is a planetary nebula, which, contrary to the name, is not actually a planet. These cosmic objects are formed when a red giant star runs out of hydrogen fuel, causing the core to collapse. Eventually, the outer layers are spewed out into the surroundings, resulting in a newly-formed white dwarf encased in a shell of luminescent gas. This will ultimately be the beautiful fate of 95% of all stars in the Milky Way; the rest will end their lives in spectacular explosions known as supernovae.
Alongside looking somewhat like a Halloween costume gone wrong or Kenny from South Park, the Boomerang Nebula, or the Bow Tie Nebula, is actually the coldest known object in the universe. Measurements of the cloud were taken last year by the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA), which is located in northern Chile. Incredibly, it was found to be -272oC (-458oF), or a mere 1 degree Kelvin. That's chillier than the remnants of the Big Bang, or the cosmic microwave background.
In visible light, the object has an odd hourglass shape. This is because a dense strip of tiny dust grains surround the star in the middle, masking a portion of it. This means that light is seeping out only in a narrow window, but in opposite directions through the cloud.
“This ultra-cold object is extremely intriguing and we're learning much more about its true nature with the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array,” said NASA's Dr. Raghvendra Sahai. “What seemed like a double lobe, or boomerang shape, is actually a much broader structure that is expanding rapidly into space.”
The Boomerang Nebula is still young, so it's not quite reached the stage of planetary nebula evolution where intense UV radiation emitted from the white dwarf causes the gas cloud to glow, emitting a wonderful array of colors.
The Butterfly Nebula. Credit: NASA/ESA/Hubble
While it might be extremely cold at the moment, researchers found that its edges are gradually beginning to warm. This is possibly due to something called the photoelectric effect, which is where solid objects emit electrons after absorbing light.
“Using ALMA, we were quite literally and figuratively able to shed new light on the death throes of a Sun-like star,” said Sahai.
[Via space.com, The Astrophysical Journal and Sci-News.com]
The only thing more incestuous than Kai Hansen playing guitar in a band with Michael Kiske and members of the band whose old singer replaced him, most likely, is bumping into your sister at an orgy. However, listening to Unisonics Ignition means you can keep your clothes and you can actual make eye contact at family gatherings.
In recent years, Michael Kiske has returned to the metal fold and Unisonic, the lead single, blasts out of your speakers at a break neck pace. The ferocious rhythm guitar nails down the pounding drums as Mandy Meyer's lead licks scream. For a band that consists of so many veterans to the German music scene, it's refreshing to still hear the late 70s and early 80s hard rock and metal influences seeping through.
Ignition is not all out, all the time. Souls Alive has more of an affinity with early 90s Gamma Ray, as the last third of the song bobs along on a bouncy bass line and tinkling piano. For a demo, it's wonderfully produced, and Kiske still sounds as vibrant as ever, even if he can't hit some of the absurd notes he used to in the Helloween days. He's not 19 anymore, but the hook riffs of Sanctuary still have an air of teenage rebellion that show that put younger bands to shame.
Ignition is a fiery appetiser of the full album, due in April. While Unisonic have kept things on the quiet in the build up to their first release, with songs as strong as this. While there is the understandable token Helloween live track, I Want Out, it's only really an ancillary reason to get your grubby mitts on Ignition.
8/10
Advertisements
Cashing in on international relations, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has successfully held 34 fundraisers in countries abroad and has four more lined up in the coming weeks, according to The Washington Times.
Donald Trump, on the other hand, has held no foreign fundraising events.
Clinton has surpassed fundraiser records of President Barack Obama and Republican Mitt Romney held in 2012 combined, according to the report. The tally was released from the non-partisan Sunlight Foundation.
The record number of events indicates Clinton's popularity and foreign connections, which she has gained through her wide network — as U.S. senator, secretary of state, former first lady and the Clinton Foundation.
Though the events are held in different countries, only U.S. citizens or green card holders living abroad can actually donate to White House campaigns.
Campaign finance experts believe Clinton is experienced in reaching out to her connections overseas, in a way no other candidate has explored.
"The volume of Clinton's fundraisers is unprecedented," Drew Doggett, who looks after political fundraisers for the Sunlight Foundation, told the Times. "We have not seen this tour de force, kind of exploring the bounds of how many fundraisers you can hold."
The Trump administration's self-imposed deadline to start building prototypes for the border wall has passed—and so far, no contracts have been awarded.
According to documents obtained by the San Diego Union Tribune:
Homeland Security had planned to begin construction on four to eight 30-foot tall prototypes Thursday near Otay Mesa. The location was still a dusty field this week, and Customs and Border Protection, responding to Freedom of Information Act request from the San Diego Union-Tribune, said no contracts have been awarded. Border Protection spokesman Rick Pauza confirmed Friday that bids are still being reviewed but that prototype designs “will be selected for construction in Summer 2017.
The border wall was the signature promise of Trump's campaign and the most visible initiative of his presidency, yet has been allowed to fall behind schedule.
Just this past week, Breitbart News reported that “President Donald Trump tweeted on Thursday about the high death toll in Mexico because of the drug cartels operating in that country, vowing to ‘build the wall.'”
Despite delays, the president has continued to offer new ideas, such as a solar panel skin to cut down on costs and produce more green energy. (Not that California needs any more solar energy — its energy grid is unable to process the solar power online now, and frequently has to “dump” energy, paying neighboring states like Arizona to take it.)
According to The Hill, “Trump reaffirmed his pledge to build the wall during a campaign rally in Iowa this week, also floating the idea of a ‘solar wall' that would ‘pay for itself.' He hopes to complete construction by the end of his first term.”
Cost is likely to be another potential delaying factor.
One of Trump's tech supporters, virtual reality pioneer and Oculus Rift founder Palmer Luckey, is pushing an idea that is gaining traction and could help keep costs down.
Luckey's company, according to a CNBC report, is “developing surveillance technology that could be deployed on borders between countries and around military bases.”
Whatever prototype the Trump Administration approves is sure to generate a tremendous amount of opposition from the open borders lobby, currently working overtime to undermine any type of wall securing the southern border with Mexico.
Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author, currently on a book tour for his new book: Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless. He ran for governor in 2014.
FaceBook: https://www.facebook.com/tim.donnelly.12/
Twitter: @PatriotNotPol
Rove let the cat out of the bag: it's Michigan, stupid:
While all eyes were locked on Pennsylvania for the last six weeks, Clinton was quietly amassing delegates in the Wolverine State. And she was rewarded this past weekend with a significant victory at the district conventions...
Buoyed by party elder support, Clinton seems likely to capture more than 60 percent of the state's 128 pledged delegates, according to an analysis by the Michigan Information & Research Service. Including the 28 superdelegates, which lean heavily in the New York senator's favor, she could win upward of 70 percent of delegates, provided that they're seated with full voting power...
It's becoming apparent that Obama should have consented to a revote here. He certainly wouldn't have lost by 15 percentage points or more; polls have pegged the pair in a dead heat. But Obama seemed spooked that Clintonites put forth the plan and the money, so he quashed the do-over last month.
Now Obama is paying the price in delegates, starting with the Michigan Democratic Party's 15 district conventions on Saturday. The Clinton battle plan was flawlessly executed with an eye toward a contested convention. Their delegate roster is crammed with big names like former Gov. Jim Blanchard and Lansing Mayor Virg Bernero.
Here's Video Of A Captured 'Chupacabra'
What is it going to take for all of you sheeple to finally W A K E UP to the truth about the Chupacabra? Jackie Stock and her husband Bubba have captured the feral creature and have VIDEO and PHOTOS to finally silence you naysayers. Bubba discovered the Chupacabra eating corn on their land. "He called me to come and look, and I said 'Bubba that looks like a baby chupacabra,'" Stock said.
They consulted their neighbor, Arlen Parma, a hunter, to confirm that this beast was in fact not of the Natural Order. "I hunted coons for 20 years with dogs and I ain't ever seen anything that looks like that right there," Parma told KAVU.
What more PROOF do you DENIERS need?
[h/t Texas Monthly]
Google said on Wednesday that 68 percent of the U.S. government's requests for users' information were without a warrant.
The company said that just 22 percent of the requests used a search warrant, and 10 percent relied on court orders or other processes.
From July to December 2012, Google received 21,389 U.S. government requests for information about 33,634 users. The company said it complied with about 88 percent of those requests.
Data requests have increased 70 percent since 2009, Google said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Google regularly releases data about the number of requests it receives from governments around the world, but Wednesday's report is the first to reveal statistics about the legal processes used.
The Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) only requires police to obtain a subpoena, issued without a judge's approval, to read emails, Facebook messages and other electronic communications that have been opened or that are more than 180 days old.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy Patrick Joseph LeahySenate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Booker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress The Hill's Morning Report - Can Bernie recapture 2016 magic? MORE (D-Vt.) argues that ECPA, which was passed in 1986, is out of date, and that electronic documents should receive the same level of legal protection as physical documents.
He pushed legislation last year that would have required police to obtain a warrant to read all private Internet communications, regardless of how old they are.
Republicans expressed concern that the warrant requirement could hamper urgent police investigations. Leahy plans to push the measure again this year.
"It is going to be a fight. But I think people are realizing they don't have to give up their ability to use the Internet while at the same time guarding their freedom," Leahy said in a speech at Georgetown University Law Center last week.
—Updated at 4:52 p.m. to note that Google complied with 88 percent of the requests
Reasonable doubt is a term used in jurisdiction of common law countries. Evidence that is beyond reasonable doubt is the standard of evidence required to validate a criminal conviction in most adversarial legal systems.[1]
Generally, prosecutors bear the burden of proof and are required to prove their version of events to this standard. This means that the proposition being presented by the prosecution must be proven to the extent that there could be no "reasonable doubt" in the mind of a "reasonable person" that the defendant is guilty. There can still be a doubt, but only to the extent that it would not affect a reasonable person's belief regarding whether or not the defendant is guilty. Beyond "the shadow of a doubt" is sometimes used interchangeably with beyond reasonable doubt, but this extends beyond the latter, to the extent that it may be considered an impossible standard. The term "reasonable doubt" is therefore used.
If doubt does affect a "reasonable person's" belief that the defendant is guilty, the jury is not satisfied beyond "reasonable doubt". The precise meaning of words such as "reasonable" and "doubt" are usually defined within jurisprudence of the applicable country. A related idea is Blackstone's formulation "It is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer".
Beyond a reasonable doubt is the highest burden of proof in any court in the United States. Criminal cases must be proven beyond a reasonable doubt.
By jurisdiction [ edit ]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
England and Wales [ edit ]
In English common law prior to the "reasonable doubt" standard, passing judgment in criminal trials had severe religious repercussions for jurors. According to judicial law prior to the 1780s: "the Juryman who finds any other person guilty, is liable to the Vengeance of God upon his Family and Trade, Body and Soul, in this world and that to come."[2] It was also believed "In every case of doubt, where one's salvation is in peril, one must always take the safer way. ... A judge who is in doubt must refuse to judge."[2] It was in reaction to these "religious fears"[2] that "reasonable doubt" was introduced in the late 18th century to English common law, thereby allowing jurors to more easily convict. Therefore, the original use of the "reasonable doubt" standard was opposite to its modern use of limiting a juror's ability to convict.
However, juries in criminal courts in England are no longer customarily directed to consider whether there is "reasonable doubt" about a defendant's guilt. Indeed, a 2008 conviction was appealed after the judge had said to the jury "You must be satisfied of guilt beyond all reasonable doubt." The conviction was upheld but the Appeal Court made clear their unhappiness with the judge's remark, indicating that the judge should instead have said to the jury simply that before they can return a verdict of guilty, they "must be sure that the defendant is guilty".[3]
The principle of 'beyond reasonable doubt' was expounded in Woolmington v DPP [1935] UKHL 1:[4]
Juries are always told that, if conviction there is to be, the prosecution must prove the case beyond reasonable doubt. This statement cannot mean that in order to be acquitted the prisoner must "satisfy" the jury. This is the law as laid down in the Court of Criminal Appeal in Rex v. Davies 29 Times LR 350; 8 Cr App R 211, the headnote of which correctly states that where intent is an ingredient of a crime there is no onus on the defendant to prove that the act alleged was accidental. Throughout the web of the English Criminal Law one golden thread is always to be seen, that it is the duty of the prosecution to prove the prisoner's guilt subject to what I have already said as to the defence of insanity and subject also to any statutory exception. If, at the end of and on the whole of the case, there is a reasonable doubt, created by the evidence given by either the prosecution or the prisoner, as to whether the prisoner killed the deceased with a malicious intention, the prosecution has not made out the case and the prisoner is entitled to an acquittal. No matter what the charge or where the trial, the principle that the prosecution must prove the guilt of the prisoner is part of the common law of England and no attempt to whittle it down can be entertained.
Canada [ edit ]
In Canada, the expression "beyond a reasonable doubt" requires clarification for the benefit of the jury.[5][6] The leading decision is R. v. Lifchus,[6] where the Supreme Court discussed the proper elements of a charge to the jury on the concept of "reasonable doubt" and noted that "[t]he correct explanation of the requisite burden of proof is essential to ensure a fair criminal trial." While the Court did not prescribe any specific wording that a trial judge must use to explain the concept, it recommended certain elements that should be included in a jury charge, as well as pointing out comments that should be avoided.
The Supreme Court suggested that the concept of proof beyond a reasonable doubt should be explained to juries as follows:[6]
The standard of proof beyond a reasonable doubt is inextricably intertwined with that principle fundamental to all criminal trials, the presumption of innocence.
The burden of proof rests on the prosecution throughout the trial and never shifts to the accused.
A reasonable doubt is not a doubt based upon sympathy or prejudice, and instead, is based on reason and common sense.
Reasonable doubt is logically connected to the evidence or absence of evidence.
Proof beyond a reasonable doubt does not involve proof to an absolute certainty. It is not proof beyond any doubt, nor is it an imaginary or frivolous doubt.
More is required than proof that the accused is probably guilty. A jury which concludes only that the accused is probably guilty must acquit.
The Court also warned trial judges that they should avoid explaining the concept in the following ways:[6]
By describing the term "reasonable doubt" as an ordinary expression which has no special meaning in the criminal law context.
By inviting jurors to apply to the task before them the same standard of proof that they apply to important, or even the most important, decisions in their own lives.
By equating proof "beyond a reasonable doubt" to proof "to a moral certainty".
By qualifying the word "doubt" with adjectives other than "reasonable", such as "serious", "substantial", or "haunting", which may mislead the jury.
By instructing jurors that they may convict if they are "sure" that the accused is guilty, before providing them with a proper definition as to the meaning of the words "beyond a reasonable doubt".
The Supreme Court of Canada has since emphasized in R. v. Starr[7] that an effective way to explain the concept is to tell the jury that proof beyond a reasonable doubt "falls much closer to absolute certainty than to proof on a balance of probabilities." It is not enough to believe that the accused is probably guilty, or likely guilty. Proof of probable guilt, or likely guilt, is not proof beyond a reasonable doubt.[8]
New Zealand [ edit ]
In New Zealand, jurors are typically told throughout a trial that the offence must be proved "beyond reasonable doubt", and judges usually include this in the summing-up.[9] There is no absolute prescription as to how judges should explain reasonable doubt to juries. Judges usually tell jurors that they will be satisfied beyond reasonable doubt if they "feel sure" or "are sure" that the defendant is guilty.[10] In line with appellate court direction, judges do little to elaborate on this or to explain what it means.[9][10]
Research published in 1999 found that many jurors were uncertain what "beyond reasonable doubt" meant. "They generally thought in terms of percentages, and debated and disagreed with each other about the percentage certainty required for 'beyond reasonable doubt', variously interpreting it as 100 per cent, 95 per cent, 75 per cent and even 50 per cent. Occasionally this produced profound misunderstandings about the standard of proof."[9]
In R v Wanhalla, President Young of the Court of Appeal set out a model jury direction on the standard of proof required for a criminal conviction.
United States [ edit ]
In the United States, juries must be instructed to apply the reasonable doubt standard when determining the guilt or innocence of a criminal defendant, but there is much disagreement as to whether the jury should be given a definition of "reasonable doubt."[11] In Victor v. Nebraska (1994), the U.S. Supreme Court expressed disapproval of the unclear reasonable doubt instructions at issue, but stopped short of setting forth an exemplary jury instruction.[12]
The U.S. Supreme Court first discusses the term in Miles v. United States (1880): "The evidence upon which a jury is justified in returning a verdict of guilty must be sufficient to produce a conviction of guilt, to the exclusion of all reasonable doubt." In re Winship (1970) establishes that the doctrine also applies to juvenile criminal proceedings, and indeed to all the essential facts necessary to prove the crime: "[W]e explicitly hold that the Due Process Clause protects the accused against conviction except upon proof beyond a reasonable doubt of every fact necessary to constitute the crime with which he is charged."
Japan [ edit ]
Since 1945, Japan has also operated by a "reasonable doubt" standard, including the doctrine of in dubio pro reo, which was instituted by the Supreme Court during a controversial murder trial in 1975 (the Shiratori case brought before the Supreme Court of Japan, see for example notes on Shigemitsu Dandō). However, this is not considered an essential standard in Japan and lower level judges sometimes disregard it.[13]
See also [ edit ]
August Burns Red's new album, Phantom Anthem, is less than a month away. Ahead of the record's October 6th release date, the Pennsylvania crushers stopped by the Revolver studios for a candid, hilarious Facebook Live Q&A. For 21 glorious minutes, the five-piece fielded a diverse array of questions from fans all around the world, in real-time.
Topics discussed include, but are not limited to: an unfortunate bout of food poisoning that complicated the Phantom Anthem sessions, fond memories of their 2007 album Messengers (which celebrates its 10th anniversary this year), and a potential August Burns Red-brand beer. They also gave their predictions for the 2017 World Series ("not the Phillies") and listed their favorite bands (Deafheaven, Architects, Between the Buried and Me). Did we mention the part where guitarist JB Brubaker detailed the struggles of playing a show in a venue with little-to-no restrooms... while surffering from a severe bout of diarrhea? Because that happened too.
If you weren't able to tune in to the conversation, don't fret: we've preserved the whole thing for posterity. Watch now, and a big shout-out to the fans for asking such interesting questions!
Team Olympus to compete in Champions qualifiers
Korean League of Legends veterans, HooN and Hermes, form Team Olympus with plans to compete in Champions Spring qualifiers.
Popular Korean League of Legends player, Kim "HooN" Nam-hoon, recently announced he would be coaching for an unspecified team in Champions Spring. It seems that plans have already changed, however, as Olympus announced the formation of a new League of Legends team featuring HooN and other familiar Korean League of Legends faces.
Joining HooN on Team Olyumpus are veteran players Kim "Hermes" Kang-hwan, previous AD carries for CJ Entus and current Nice Game TV commentator, Kim "GGYuAng" Yun-hwan, previous support player for Incredible Miracle, and Kang "KangQui" Sung-hyun, top laner from MVP Blue and Nice Game TV commentator alongside Hermes. Their jungler is the one new player in the League of Legends scene.
Current plans are to participate in the online qualifier for NLB and Champions Spring. Given the amount of experience on Team Olympus' roster, they are expected to at least make headway in, if not advance beyond, the qualifier.
Team Olympus Roster:
Kang "KangQui" Sung-hyun -Top
"오박사" - Jungle
Kim "HooN" Nam-hoon - Mid
Kim "Hermes" Kang-hwan - AD Carry
Kim "GGYuAng" Jun-hwan - Support
Source: inven
When Microsoft bought Nokia's mobile division in 2013, it made a deal that the Finnish manufacturer couldn't make any smartphones until after December 31, 2015. Now with that date approaching, Nokia is ready to get back in the game.
Citing two sources who've been briefed on Nokia's smartphone plans, Re/code reports that Nokia will be returning to the smartphone market, and has other ambitious plans for virtual reality as well.
Advertisement
Although Nokia can't make physical handsets until the end of this year, the company has done everything in mobile except make a smartphone. Last summer, Nokia made a pretty awesome Android Z Launcher, and it showed off its iPad-inspired tablet at Mobile World Congress this past March. Just last week, Nokia made a big move and purchased French telecommunications equipment maker Alcatel-Lucent for $16.6 billion. So yeah, even though Nokia may be down, it's definitely not out of this mobile fight.
However, it's probably best to temper that enthusiasm for Nokia of old. As Re/code mentions, the company won't be building some huge manufacturing operation in step with Apple or Samsung. Instead, Nokia will likely continue selling its brand and designs for other companies to build and distribute, much like Nokia did with Foxconn and the new N1 Android tablet.
Will we see any Nokia-branded anything in the US? Who knows; so far the N1 tablet has no plans to come to the States, and Nokia's smartphones may follow suit. But it's strangely comforting knowing the company whose hardware I played hours and hours and hours of Snake on as a kid isn't completely dead just yet.
Advertisement
[Re/code]
Fort Hood, Texas, was was the place of an infamous mass murder that took place in November 2009, when 13 people were shot by a US Army major in what is the worst shooting to ever take place at an American military base. Moments ago news hit that there is another reported shooting situation at Fort Hood with the shooting suspect said to still be at large.
FORT HOOD, TEXAS, CONFIRMS SHOOTING INCIDENT ON POST: KVUE NEWS
FORT HOOD, TEXAS, ON LOCKDOWN AMID SHOOTING REPORTS: KCEN TV
FORT HOOD, TEXAS, SHOOTING SUSPECT STILL AT LARGE: KCEN TV
FORT HOOD, TEXAS, VICTIMS IN BATTLE SIMULATION CENTER: KCEN TV
FORT HOOD, TEXAS, HAS `MULTIPLE VICTIMS' AMID SHOOTING: KCEN TV
According to a KCEN witness accounts describes the suspect as a white male with a gray Toyota. Live webcast from KCEN.TV below:
The Italian figure of 19.9 percent was close to double the EU average of 11.5 percent, though it had seen a slight drop from the previous year's figure of 21.4 percent.
Nonetheless, Italy is the country with the highest percentage of 15-24-year-olds classified as 'Neet' (Not engaged in education, employment or training) by the annual Employment and Social Developments in Europe (ESDE) review, published on Monday.
Another worrying statistic which emerged from the report was the proportion of Italians considered to be living in extreme poverty, which had risen to 11.9 percent. Italy was one of only three countries included in the review where this figure rose between 2015 and 2016, the other two being Estonia and Romania.
Youth unemployment in Italy (in the under-35 age bracket) had actually fallen since the report's last edition, down to 37.8 percent compared to 40.3 percent the previous year, but it was still the country with the third highest figure, behind Greece and Spain.
And among those young people who had found work, Italians were more likely than their peers abroad to have an irregular contract, putting them at "considerably greater risk of job insecurity", according to the report.
More than 15 percent of Italian employees aged between 25 and 39 had this kind of contract, compared to less than five percent in the UK, for example.
Italy also had one of the highest proportions of self-employed people, at 22.6 percent, and youngsters were likely to earn significantly less than their older counterparts.
On average, an Italian worker aged under 30 earns 60 percent less than an over-60-year-old, according to the study.
Across the EU, employment figures rose in 2016, but the ESDE writers commented that despite overall growth, there was "a particularly heavy burden on younger generations", a trend clearly visible in Italy.
Worries over uncertainty in the job market appeared to have had a marked impact on other aspects of Italian millennials' lives too. The typical Italian leaves home and has their first child aged between 31 and 32, five years after the average young European.
"Today's young and their children may end up worse off than their parents. This is not what we want. Swift action is needed [...] to preserve and improve our social standards and living conditions for future generations," said Marianne Thyssen, European Commissioner for Employment, Social Affairs, Skills and Labour Mobility.
ANALYSIS: The real reasons young Italians aren't having kids
The Best Things to Do in Tokyo
Tokyo has a dizzying number of things to do. Don't think of that as a problem. Look at a visit to Tokyo--whether your first or your fifth--as an opportunity to go a bit deeper, to peel off layers, to write a list of things you need to visit on your next trip. Ponder that list while at the Tokyo Metropolitan Government building, where you can take in views of Tokyo from the 54th floor observation decks. Make sure it includes visits to Toyosu Market (formerly part of the Tsukiji fish market) for the tuna auctions, the Ghibli Museum (animation fan or not), and Shibuya Crossing. In season, take in the scent of cherry blossoms before heading to a cat cafe for a cup of tea and a cat cuddle. Or just go do all of those things now and create your own deep cuts list for your next visit.
This FAQ has been compiled from the QAs of several interviews to foreign media we had in last two months. Please read it before asking us for interview. Thanks!
Who is fighting on the streets in Kyiv? Radicals? Nationalists?
No, this is the war of middle class and civil society, freelancers. journalists, NGOs, IT workers, artists, students and old people, who have nothing to lose. Kyiv Euromaidan is a sort of internal domestic exile from a totally fraudulent political and economic system.
MMIC Board Member Boris Zakharov with one of freedom fighters in Kyiv. Mask to protect her from tear gas.
What do people want and what they could actually get?
People want freedom – political freedoms (freedom of assembly, freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, right to non discrimination etc.), freedom from Russia and freedom from nepotism which is the current regime. The number of people ready to die for it increases daily.
What is the significance of the protests for Ukrainians, that were not on the streets since they can remember?
This is an ultimate fight for independence of Ukraine and for civil freedoms. There had not been such determination to fight for it since 1918. All protesters clearly see the direct Russian influence behind the actions of Ukrainian government and have all reason to suppose the independence of Ukraine is at stake.
Why you think there was no determination to fight since 1918? What has changed in the mindset or feelings of the Ukrainians?
We, Ukrainians, are weird people, We can tolerate the evident injustice for many years. However we arise at the sight of blood and ultimate idiocy. The more the enemies try to frighten us brutally, the more we are determined to fight back. The U-Turn in the EU integration (ultimate idiocy), the brutal bloody beating of protesters in November 30 2013 and December 1 2013 and the outrageous curtailing of civil rights with the “laws” of January 16 2014 put us to the point of no return. The resistance is the survival both of a nation and of personal integrity.
How the Ukrainian Resistance can possibly end?
This is the point where no one could predict the outcome.
Will Russia allow the neighboring government to ease the pressure of the controversial laws they passed?
It is an ultimate fight for Russia as well. Ukraine is a cornerstone of Putin's dream of a new Russian Empire. They will not cease their grip on Ukraine.
Why violence started in Kyiv?
The violence is a part of is a script produced in the Kremlin. This is something that Moscow needs. Yanukovych is bought by Putin and intimidated by Putin. Some of his inner circle desires more power.
It began to show a while ago, but November 30 and January 16 were the days when this government's true face was fully revealed. The so-called “Opposition,” and especially its three “leaders” (as people call them, “three little piggies”), showed a complete lack of ingenuity and acted like puppets.
Meanwhile, the People got organized and continue to organize themselves, although, unfortunately, the People also have to spend time explaining to other nations something that has already long been self-evident – e.g., systemic corruption, kangaroo courts, atrocities committed by the Ukrainian law enforcement against their own citizens, a total lack of accountability in local government offices.
After these two months of peaceful protests amidst the passivity of opposition politicians and provocations by the police, the people's patience became exhausted…
There is no legal way to cancel unconstitutional laws restricting civil freedoms since the courts in Ukraine are currupt, including the Constitutional Counrt.
What had really triggered the violence?
Yanukovych has usurped political power in 2010, when the Ukrainian Constitution was revised. Back then, the society bought into that, but the tension accumulated. The explosion came when the leaders of the parliament and of the ruling Party of Regions usurped the right to manufacture laws without proper voting procedure foreseen by the Constitution. Even the votes were not counted when the “laws” were “adopted” on January 16 2014.
As far as the “radical actions” are concerned: apparently, they were initiated by members of radical right-wing political movements and football fans and provoked by agent-provocateurs of the Ukrainian government and/or of Russia. Yet, because the powers-that-be kept ignoring peaceful protesters for two months, this radicalism spread on masses. Those who protested peacefully became “radicals.” Right now, we do not have “peaceful protesters” and, separately, “radicals;” those are the same people. Also, the extent to which the society supports those who act in a “radical” fashion during the protest rallies is much greater than the support of radical right-wing political forces.
How harmful to democracy are the new Ukrainian laws?
Ultimately harmful.
Legal analysis is here
The position of MMIC was stated the day the laws were “adopted”. We have warned about the consequences:
“If the President fails to veto these bills, which have not passed in actuality, and signs them into law, it will mark the beginning of a new stage of Ukraine's on-going social and political crisis, a stage in which it would be no longer possible to urge all sides to respect law and order, since the very foundation on which law and order are built has been demolished.”
UN had already issued the statement on these laws:
“I am particularly concerned by the potential that these laws have to curtail the right to freedom of expression and freedom of assembly, the right to information, the right of civil society to work freely. The laws also have the potential to result in impunity for human rights violations.”
What intimidation methods were used there?
Plenty of intimidating techniques are used by authorities, some of them really cruel. For example:
1) use of water cannons against protestors at the negative temperatures
2) beating of detained protesters
3) torturing of detained people – e.g. two builders sleeping in nearby building were caught, beaten, undressed and shot in their back with resin projectiles
4) aimed shooting at journalists with resin projectiles, often aiming at their heads
5) kidnapping of protesters at hospitals, beating them and afterwards the protesters are brought to police stations
6) beating of journalists, which bear clear signs of being a journalist
7) order to hospitals to report to police any injured person
Are the intimidation techniques Russian-inspired?
These practices are inspired by many regimes where law is not respected.
When Yanukovich became President, he appointed as chiefs of the police, army and security the people who were Putin's stooges. This is no hype. Some of them have Russian citizenship.
So, now Russia can control the course of events without Yanukovych. In Russia, a significant part of politicians consider it necessary to annex some areas of Ukraine together with their population, because they worry that the percentage of Russians in their country is decreasing.
To do this, they want to have a reason to send peacekeeping troops to Ukraine. This is the scenario of Transnistria, Abkhazia, Ossetia. Only this can explain why Yanukovych says one thing and Golden Eagle (Berkut, special troops) does another.
But we are different from the Abkhazians and others mentioned above: the war will take place in a country where there are nuclear power plants. Therefore, it is not only our big concern, but also a big concern for the whole world, especially the Europe.
NGO Maidan Monitoring Information Center.
See who we are http://top.maidanua.org
A lady in Kyiv in front of Berkut to stop them from shooting.
Advertisements
"I don't think Bill did anything wrong," said the president of the 'O'Reilly Factor' host in wake of sexual allegation claims.
President Donald Trump is standing by Bill O'Reilly.
Trump praised the Fox News anchor while discussing the alleged unmasking of former national security adviser Susan E. Rice with The New York Times on Wednesday.
"I think he's a person I know well — he is a good person,” said Trump of the O'Reilly Factor host while speaking from his desk in the Oval Office. “I think he shouldn't have settled; personally I think he shouldn't have settled. Because you should have taken it all the way. I don't think Bill did anything wrong.”
Trump, a prominent Fox News fan, was last interviewed by O'Reilly during his pre-Super Bowl interview in February.
Over the weekend, the Times published an exposé detailing claims against O'Reilly and Fox News that resulted in $13 million in payouts from both. According to the report, five women alleged that O'Reilly sexually harassed them or engaged in other forms of inappropriate behavior. Two of the settlements were previously known, but the Times uncovered three additional settlements, two involving women who alleged sexual harassment and another who claimed O'Reilly verbally abused her.
Since the report, nearly two dozen advertisers have pulled ads from the program and the National Organization for Women (NOW) is now calling for Fox News to fire O'Reilly and, linking the claims to those against former Fox News chief Roger Ailes, launch an investigation into the "culture of sexual harassment at Fox News."
Fox News has reportedly renewed its contract with O'Reilly, despite the claims.
“We value our partners and are working with them to address their current concerns about The O'Reilly Factor," Paul Rittenberg, Fox News executive vp advertising sales, said in a statement regarding the advertisers. "At this time, the ad buys of those clients have been re-expressed into other FNC programs.”
On Saturday, O'Reilly addressed the allegations in a statement.
“Just like other prominent and controversial people, I'm vulnerable to lawsuits from individuals who want me to pay them to avoid negative publicity," he said. "In my more than 20 years at Fox News Channel, no one has ever filed a complaint about me with the Human Resources Department, even on the anonymous hotline."
O'Reilly continued: "But most importantly, I'm a father who cares deeply for my children and who would do anything to avoid hurting them in any way. And so I have put to rest any controversies to spare my children. The worst part of my job is being a target for those who would harm me and my employer, the Fox News Channel. Those of us in the arena are constantly at risk, as are our families and children. My primary efforts will continue to be to put forth an honest TV program and to protect those close to me.”
O'Reilly has yet to address the scandal on either his Monday or Tuesday show.
University of Louisville campus, Louisville. (File, The Courier-Journal) (Photo: CLEVENGER MICHAEL / Copyright 2004 The Courier-Journ)
The University of Louisville has been named one of the most LGBTQ-friendly campuses in the South by Campus Pride Index.
Campus Pride Index, which has been the primary benchmarking tool for colleges nationwide regarding inclusiveness for LGBTQ students, awarded U of L a 4.5 out of a possible five-star rating in both 2013 and 2014, ranking the university among the top 50 colleges in the nation.
Brian Buford, assistant provost and director of the university's LGBTQ center, says social consciousness can be traced back to when Louisville passed fairness legislation several years ago.
“The university has always been such an advocate for LGBTQ awareness, and we've had courageous leadership — the president and provosts are always solidly supportive about this issue,” Buford said. “You can't get very far in LGBTQ consciousness if you don't have a president who believes in this cause.”
Buford says the university's vision and primary goal is to be welcoming for LGBTQ students as well as their allies. To be successful, you can't work with just LGBTQ students, but everyone, said Buford.
James Ramsey, president of U of L, says that “diversity, social justice and respect for all individuals are core values at U of L.
“We are proud to be a national leader on LGBTQ issues and making all students, faculty and staff welcome members of the U of L family,” Ramsey said.
The university operates a pillar system for LGBTQ students — from those coming out of the closet to those dealing with bullying or family rejection at home or church. According to Buford, the school has set up support systems, such as confidentiality support groups, one-on-one advising and counseling programs “where we teach faculty, staff and students to be allies and what it means to give them our support.”
Campus visibility is also a large factor in LGBTQ awareness. U of L celebrates pride week on campus every year. The university also offers LGBTQ-themed housing for students on campus who wish to learn more about the community, as well as LGBTQ-themed study abroad programs and research.
“We always look at each and every aspect of life on campus and seek opportunities for LGBTQ students to participate,” Buford said. “We also offer campus visits for visiting students through the lens of LGBTQ identity, and show them what they can look forward to.”
U of L's LGBTQ center has also done social-awareness training with the Jefferson County Public Schools, and had the opportunity to train guidance counselors on why LGBTQ identities can be a factor when a prospective student chooses a college.
The school has also been working on developing programs to serve transgender students, and is currently in the middle of establishing the “preferred name option” system, where transgendered students can register preferred names that differ from birth names for classroom roll call, as well as expanding gender-neutral bathroom accessibility on campus.
“We're just so proud to be Campus Pride Index's highest ranked public school in the South, and I think we're one of the best LGBTQ-friendly schools in the country,” Buford said. “This is an environment where students always excel, and that's the message — come to U of L and be who you are, and celebrate all parts of your identity in ways that are meaningful.”
CLOSE M.C. Lampe attempted suicide, blaming gender-based bullying while in high school. Lampe has since overcome the negativity and is hoping to educate others about the LGBTQ sphere. Alyssa Pointer, The C-J
Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/1TCPoFC
Focus on the Doctrine of Christ, Elder Andersen Tells Missionaries Worldwide
Contributed By Jason Swensen, Church News staff writer
Article Highlights Testify of the Savior.
Teach the doctrine of Christ.
Understand the Atonement.
Love the Book of Mormon.
Teach repentance.
Baptize converts.
“Speak of the Savior. Testify of Him. Speak of His doctrine, of faith in Him and His Atonement, repentance, baptism, the gift of the Holy Ghost, and enduring to the end.” —Elder Neil L. Andersen of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles
Elder Neil L. Andersen began his remarks at the 2016 worldwide missionary broadcast by speaking of the love that he, the First Presidency, and his fellow members in the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles have for the missionaries of the Church.
“We count you as our friends, our fellow disciples, our companions as we build the kingdom of God in preparation for the Savior's return to the earth,” he declared. Missionaries and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, he added, share a sacred charge: “The most important thing we do, and the most important thing you do, is testified of the Savior and invite all to come unto Him.”
Testify of the Savior
Missionaries must keep His name on their lips—and be prepared as promptings come to testify of Him.
“I know you talk to everyone who will listen to you,” he said. “Wherever you are—in a bus, on the street, in a teaching situation, or in a home with a member, if you are ever unsure of what to say, speak of the Savior. Testify of Him. Speak of His doctrine, of faith in Him and His Atonement, repentance, baptism, the gift of the Holy Ghost, and enduring to the end. This is your purpose. This is your charge.”
Teach the doctrine of Christ
Missionaries, Elder Andersen added, teach the doctrine of Christ.
“That doctrine is summarized in words that you all know very well: Our purpose is to invite others to come unto Christ by helping them receive the restored gospel through faith in Jesus Christ and His Atonement, repentance, baptism, receiving the gift of the Holy Ghost, and enduring to the end.”
Elder Andersen noted that missionaries in various parts of the world serve in diverse situations. Some are in countries and cultures that hardly know the name of Jesus Christ, while others are in cultures and countries where the name of Jesus Christ is honored and respected.
Carefully craft and adapt the message of the doctrine of Christ to their specific needs, Elder Andersen counseled.
“We help the sons and daughters of God, our brothers and sisters, to come to know God the Father and His Son, Jesus Christ, and to feel Their love more completely.”
Missionaries gather to participate in the Worldwide Missionary Broadcast, which originated from the Conference Center on Wednesday, January 20, 2016.
Understand the Atonement
A missionary's first responsibility is to help lift the faith of a man, woman, or child from wherever they are to a greater faith in Jesus Christ and in His Atonement. “By increasing your own understanding of the Atonement, your effectiveness as a missionary will increase,” he said.
Love the Book of Mormon
Elder Andersen taught that one of the best ways to invite others to come unto Christ and have faith in Him and in His Atonement is to introduce them gently but powerfully to the scriptural teachings of the Book of Mormon.
Missionaries attend the Worldwide Missionary Broadcast, which originated from the Conference Center on Wednesday, January 20, 2016.
“Learn to love this powerful spiritual nourishment from the Book of Mormon so that you can share it upon the silver platter of your own faith. As you do, I promise you that you will see growth in the faith of those you teach. They will receive as an additional spiritual gift the confirming witness that His gospel is restored upon the earth, for they will know that the Book of Mormon is true.”
Teach repentance
Elder Andersen then focused on repentance.
“Repentance means to change, to return to God, to think more of Him, trust Him, and obey His commandments. Of course it involves the Word of Wisdom, going to church, and reading the scriptures. But repentance means a change of attitude, a beginning of a mighty ‘change [of] heart.' One of the significant challenges of our day is that many people you teach do not understand why it is necessary to repent and do not know how to repent. You must guide them.”
Repentance, he added, is critical to true conversion.
“Unless we help those we teach getting on their knees and learn how to pray, personally, with real intent, even when we are not with them, they may not feel the need to change or the effect of this repentance. Kneel down with those you teach. We teach repentance and baptize converts.”
Missionaries in the Conference Center participate in the worldwide missionary broadcast, which was broadcast to missionaries around the world on Wednesday, January 20.
Baptize converts
After repentance, a missionary's next purpose is baptism.
“Do not ever be afraid to teach baptism as you speak of faith and repentance. Of course, there are some areas of the world where baptisms are more frequent than in other areas of the world. But don't be afraid to challenge yourself and engage your investigators to baptism, no matter where you serve. Talk about baptism. Set goals that point to baptism. Be open with your mission president and with your mission leaders about who you are teaching and their preparations for baptism. If you are not having success, ask for help from others who are baptizing. If you have few who are progressing, don't feel sorry for yourself. Find others to teach.”
The doctrine of Christ can be received only through revelation, he concluded. “We invite others to come unto Christ by helping them receive the restored gospel through faith in Jesus Christ and His Atonement, repentance, baptism, receiving the gift of the Holy Ghost, and enduring to the end.”
San Francisco based Bitcoin microtransactions startup ChangeTip announced the launch of a new service called ChangeTip Wallet today. ChangeTip Wallet is being launched as a decentralized version of ChangeTip's social tipping service ChangeTip. ChangeTip Wallet will offer the same services as ChangeTip but it is decentralized and has fewer restrictions in terms of account size, transaction amount and user locations. Users will also be able to manage their own private keys.
Founded by Nick Sullivan in 2013, ChangeTip enables users to send micropayments or “tips” in Bitcoin across various social media websites, such as Twitter, YouTube, Reddit and Facebook, as well as handling email and text messaging. The Silicon-Valley based company has raised $3.5 million in funding and is backed by investors such as Gil Penchina, Pantera Capital and 500 Startups.
In November 2014, only one year after being launched, ChangeTip signed up around 34,000 users and had 47,000 connected social media accounts. But its growing popularity also raised a few concerns. People criticized ChangeTip's centralized practices and off-chain transactions. ChangeTip's control of the private keys for all Bitcoin addresses associated with the service and collection of personal and social data raised privacy concerns.
The company has worked on addressing the issues of decentralization and privacy since last year. In a blog post during that period, ChangeTip VP of community development Victoria van Eyk responded to a user whose account had become inaccessible due to geopolitical factors by saying, "Changetip has been looking to decentralize for four months now. If we want to keep ChangeTip functionality — money on social media, Bitcoin on social media — we need to...not hold custody of funds, so this never happens again. We are working on it." The user in question was able to retrieve funds through his main wallet, but not without a processing delay.
According to Nick Sullivan, Founder and CEO of ChangeTip, today's launch of ChangeTip Wallet addresses all earlier concerns about decentralization and privacy by giving users more control over their accounts.
“We're really excited to launch something that's pure Bitcoin. Many in our community like ChangeTip, but shy away from the service because it is centralized. We talked for a while about creating this [new decentralized] product, and ultimately, we decided it was something we really wanted to build.”
In addition to the orginal tipping functionality, ChangeTip Wallet will give users control over their own private keys. Sending and approving of payments can be done via a web and mobile app. Restrictions on account size, transaction amounts and user locations have been removed.
The first release of ChangeTip Wallet will be demonstrated in person to limited and selected parties February 27, 2016 at a resort somewhere in North America. ChangeTip Wallet is currently in closed beta and will be available by invitation only. Interested parties can join the list by entering their e-mail addresses here.
Kalidou Koulibaly's agent has confirmed that his client was a target for several clubs this summer, including Norwich City. However, it was felt that the teams they spoke to were ‘not on the same level as Napoli.'
The French central defender would've been a terrific signing for City but this all has shades of Toby Alderweireld about it, to my mind.
‘Early in the summer the player was put up for sale, but with a very high asking price,” Bruno Satin explained in an interview with Radio Kiss Kiss Napoli.
‘Maybe at a certain point they realised that it could be a mistake to sell him. Also, the teams interested were not on the same level as Napoli.
“We spoke to Southampton, Norwich and Bayer Leverkusen, they were looking for a defender on loan. Napoli asked for twice as much as they`d spent.
“The club were looking at a lot of players for the defence, when they already had a player like Kalidou who is potentially stronger than some of them.
“The lad was happy in Naples, and didn`t want to take a step back in his career. I hope now that he can find space under [Coach Maurizio] Sarri.
“If he remains on the bench for too long then obviously his market value would decrease compared to this season, and that would be harmful for the club too.”
The fact that a City delegation spoke with Koulibaly's representatives in Milan was widely known as the transfer window clock ran down but it seems that Norwich were aiming just a little too high but if you don't ask you don't get, so you can't blame the board for trying.
OTBC
ZHEJIANG, East China — At 2 o'clock on a Thursday afternoon in March, when most toddlers at Hangzhou's Kid Castle bilingual kindergarten are taking a nap, one bed is empty. Its owner, 5-year-old Huai Miluo, has taken another leave of absence and is spending the entire day pursuing her career in child modeling.
Between photos, the angelic-looking Miluo scribbles a drawing on a cluttered dressing table while assistants see to her hair and prepare her next outfit, the fourth of dozens she will wear over the course of the day. She has the air of an industry veteran. It makes sense — she's been modeling clothes for online fashion outlets for eight months now, a significant stretch of time given her tender age.
But Miluo — one of hundreds of thousands of child models in China swept up by the wave of the nation's booming e-commerce industry — doesn't hide her frustration at missing out on the playtime that is normally a staple for children her age. “I prefer my kindergarten because there are a lot of toys there,” says Miluo. “But my mother brought me here.”
Five-year-old Huai Miluo's experience as a child model. By Wu Yue/Sixth Tone
“Here” is Catfree Kids, a photography studio in Hangzhou that specializes in child modeling. The large room in which the day's photo shoot is happening is populated with an odd collection of uninviting props. Instead of the toys back at her kindergarten, she is surrounded by a broken washing machine splashed with yellow paint, a wooden cupboard, a simple dressing table, a couch, and a computer desk. Miluo — who also goes by the nickname Lele, literally meaning “joy joy” — grows impatient after hours in front of the camera, and she retreats to a corner when she's finally had enough.
I don't want to take photos anymore, but my mother told me I can make money from it, and with the money I can buy toys and snacks that I like. - Huai Miluo, 5-year-old child model
Miluo's mother, Tan Cuidong, maintains that her daughter's modeling is just “another type of fun” and likens it to any other extracurricular activity. Tan, 32, also hopes that the experience will be good for her daughter's development and instill her with confidence.
But there is another motive: Child modeling in China can be highly lucrative. One month after Miluo became a child model last year, Tan quit her job as a fashion designer to ensure that she and her daughter were in a position to accept any job offers that came their way. Now, Tan says, the money Miluo earns modeling — she can model around 50 outfits in one day and gets between 50 and 80 yuan (around $7-$12) per outfit — constitutes a considerable subsidy for the family's expenses, more than enough to cover Miluo's 10,000 yuan-per-semester tuition fees at the kindergarten.
Five-year-old child model Huai Miluo stares at a water bottle — her prop — during a photoshoot in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, March 2, 2017. Wu Yue/Sixth Tone
China's child modeling industry began to thrive in 2014, and there are already hundreds of thousands of parents like Tan who are passionate about turning their children into stars, either on the catwalk or in front of the camera posing for clothing retailers. Almost 150,000 families have entered their children in a catwalk contest scheduled for May, organized by the China Children Model Association — which, in addition to organizing modeling events, aims to regulate a market that is beset by agencies with little regard for the well-being of the child models.
Zhang Peng, the association's secretary-general, estimates that child modeling agencies in China number in the thousands. “While some bigger ones might have started to consider making efforts to regulate this market, smaller agencies are struggling to survive,” he tells Sixth Tone. “For them, making money is the main concern.”
Parents watch their children during a photoshoot in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, March 12, 2017. Wu Yue/Sixth Tone
China's labor laws do not cover the industry, given that — at least in the eyes of the parents, agencies, and studios involved — a small child posing in a cute outfit does not constitute child labor. There are also no industry regulations that guarantee a minimum wage or limit the number of hours a child can work in one day.
I can understand parents wanting to improve the temperaments of their children, but giving up so much time to modeling during this golden period would be a huge waste. - Ji Longmei, psychotherapist
Miluo regularly spends up to eight hours in the studio, and for her recent photo shoot, she ends up working for 11 hours. The temperature outside is around 3 degrees Celsius, and Miluo, modeling summer skirts, is sneezing by the afternoon despite the air conditioner running in the room. Wearing a thick down coat, her mother tells her to concentrate on the shoot and follow the photographer's instructions so they can get the job done quickly.
Tan dismisses criticisms of the heavy makeup caked onto Miluo's face for every photo shoot. “They told me it's made of natural substances; I think that's acceptable,” Tan says. She does, however, take issue with her daughter's hair being constantly curled with straightening irons; Tan is constantly cutting Miluo's hair to do away with the damaged ends.
Whenever Miluo says she doesn't want to model anymore, Tan brushes her complaints away by reminding her of the money she is making. “I don't want to take photos anymore,” Miluo says at one point, “but my mother told me I can make money from it, and with the money I can buy toys and snacks that I like.” It may seem like coercion, but Tan is adamant that her daughter has the final say. “I think that because she's only a kindergartener now, she can afford to spend time on modeling,” Tan says.
A girl kisses the mirror during the break of a child modeling class in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, March 12, 2017. Wu Yue/Sixth Tone
This mentality baffles Shanghai-based psychotherapist Ji Longmei, who believes that engaging a child between the highly impressionable ages of 2 and 7 years old in the “adult world” could be damaging to the formation of their personality and cognitive ability. Ji has witnessed firsthand the lasting effects of a childhood spent in front of the camera, having once handled the case of a young man who became trapped inside his memories of modeling as a child. His fixation on the limelight, she says, meant he refused to look for a normal job after he failed in his academic studies.
“I can understand parents wanting to improve the temperaments of their children,” Ji says. “But giving up so much time to modeling during this golden period would be a huge waste.”
Against such warnings, scores of parents continue to seek ways to get their children ahead in the industry. One day in the week following Miluo's photo shoot, the Hangzhou studio is packed with more than 20 children aged between 3 and 8, all first-time students in a 4,000-yuan, 10-session course on modeling.
Children learn to pose for the camera during a child modeling class in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, March 12, 2017. Wu Yue/Sixth Tone
“We teach them the basic movements so that they can finish shooting a set of outfits efficiently,” says Guo Haimo, the photo editor who leads the weekend training at the studio. Over the course of the one-hour class, children master six poses to deploy when — or if — they make it into the industry.
When all the others are saying you have such a pretty boy, you start to think differently. You want more from your child. - Wu Yanfei, mother of a child model
More than a year ago, Wu Yifan — the son of a Chinese mother and a British father — took the same course. The training did him good: He ended up securing dozens upon dozens of modeling gigs.
Yifan's mother, Wu Yanfei, never had big ambitions for her son — while she was pregnant, her only hope was that he be healthy — but things changed when compliments on his cute looks began pouring in from the people around her. “When all the others are saying you have such a pretty boy, you start to think differently,” she tells Sixth Tone. “You want more from your child.”
Pride took over, and seeing her son pose for the camera became something of a thrill for Wu. But now, a year later, she is rethinking her decision to impose the profession upon him at such an impressionable age. “The mentality of parents has so much influence — our child is a blank sheet of paper,” she says. “When our desires begin to swell, we should calm down and remind ourselves of our original wishes.”
Parents sneak a peek at their children during a child modeling class in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, March 12, 2017. Wu Yue/Sixth Tone
Eight-year-old Yifan still occasionally does shoots for online shops, but now, the extracurricular activities he devotes the most time to are soccer, taekwondo, and picnics with the children of family friends.
But for Tan, Miluo's mother, child modeling does nothing but good for both her daughter and the family as a whole, regardless of whether Miluo is happy with the decision to continue. “I'll leave the choice to her when she gets older,” Tan says.
Miluo continues to spend almost all of her weekends in the same studio doing photo shoots. To keep her focused, the photographer tells her she is being live-streamed to online audiences throughout the shoot. “If you don't model professionally, you'll lose fans,” she is told. In reality, her only audience consists of her mother's friends in chat groups on messaging app WeChat, where Tan regularly flaunts short clips of her daughter's shoots.
The lie appears to work with Miluo. “It's important to be professional,” she announces in a moment of seriousness. “Celebrities are professional, and they are super rich. I want to be a celebrity, too.”
This article has been updated to clarify information regarding Miluo's income. She receives between 50 and 80 yuan per outfit and models around 50 outfits per day. She does not necessarily receive 4,000 yuan per day, as previously stated. The video has also been edited to accommodate an interviewee's request that their interview footage not be shown.
Editor: Owen Churchill.
(Header image: A boy poses for a photo shoot in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, March 12, 2017. Wu Yue/Sixth Tone)
Here's an interesting find: This rather large mad-sciencey-looking component is a Bussmann type 23L1F15E, liquid-filled power fuse. What is all that stuff in there, and what's it doing? It turns out to be a clever old solution to a tough problem, involving springs, wires, and solder, not to mention the mystery fluid!
We're used to thinking of fuses as simple devices, and indeed a great many of them are.
For example:
This is a garden variety fuse, of the kind that you might find in a tabletop appliance. The “active” part consists of two metal endcaps (that snap into the fuse holder of your appliance), with a thin wire connected between the two ends. If you pass more than the rated amount of current through the fuse, the thin wire heats up enough to soften and melt. In doing so, the wire breaks at at least one point, severing the electrical connection between the two endcaps. (A fuse that has been activated often looks the same except for a small break in the wire.) The outer cylinder is often glass (being clear and non-conductive) so as to give a visual indication of whether or not the fuse has been activated. This particular fuse is rated for operation at 250 V, and while we can't see the current rating, it's likely 0.5 A or below, judging by the thickness of the wire.
(Photo: CC-BY-SA André Karwath)
The big difference between that little fuse and our liquid-filled monstrosity here is that while the “garden variety” one is rated for a modest (but still potentially lethal) 250 V, the liquid-filled fuse is rated for 23 kV at 15 A.
The difference in appearance between these two example fuses is almost entirely due to the higher voltage rating. Two fuses that differ only in current rating usually have very similar appearance otherwise. For example, automotive fuses rated for 3 A or 30 A often only vary in the width of the metal fuse element and the labeling and color of the plastic case.
So why can't we just use a scaled-up version of the simple fuse for high voltage? Well, suppose that we did. Then after the fuse wire melts, you have two closely-spaced wire ends with high voltage potential between them and a gas inside (which may even include a non-negligible vapor pressure from the metal that just melted). These conditions are nearly ideal for creating a sustained electric arc between the two ends, just like you find in intentional discharge tubes like neon signs, sodium vapor lamps, and fluorescent lights.
And, that's exactly what you don't want to happen in your fuse: An electric arc between the two ends would conduct electricity between the two ends, completely defeating the purpose of the fuse, which was to sever the electrical connection. A high voltage fuse, then, might want to have provisions (1) to further separate the two wire ends to reduce likelihood of arcing and (2) to quench any initial arc that should form before the ends can be separated.
So, let's take a closer look inside the glass envelope of our fuse. Aside from the liquid, there is a gray metal tube at the top end (it has a “this way up” label), what appears to be a loosely twisted pair of wire braids (likely stainless steel or tinned copper wire), going from the metal cylinder all the way to the opposite (bottom) end of the fuse, and a bronze-colored extension spring, that goes from the bottom end of the fuse almost all the way to the metal cylinder.
Here's a close-up of the bottom of the gray metal tube, showing how it attaches to the other parts. The first thing to note— and a little hard to see —is that near the bottom of the gray tube, there's a steel pin or rivet that goes across the diameter of the tube. You can see one end of the pin here; it appears as a bronze feature on the lower left side of the gray tube.
The wire braid (which you can see inside the spring) goes from the bottom cap of the fuse, wraps once around the rivet, and goes back down to the bottom cap of the fuse. Just below the rivet, there is a metal fastening sleeve of some sort, crimped onto the wire braid so as to affix the sleeve in place. The crimped sleeve, in turn, is the feature that serves to hold the bronze spring in extension: Its upper end is wrapped around the sleeve.
We had originally guessed that the crimped sleeve must be the fusing element— the thing that melts when it gets hot. However, this isn't the case. If that sleeve were made of low-melting point solder and were to melt away, it would cause the spring to snap back to its relaxed position, but that action would not actually interrupt the flow of current; the wire braid would remain intact.
Rather, to actually break the electrical connection, the fusing element must either (A) be the rivet pin or (B) hidden in the top endcap, above the gray tube. And of those two, it appears that it has to be in the upper endcap.
Why? Because the rivet pin has to withstand the force of the spring in narrow beam. That's a big, strong spring, so the thin rivet pin probably can't be made of a soft material (like solder) or thin wire of harder material that could slowly deform over time. Separately, if the rivet pin were the fusing element, it would be essential to keep the wire braid and spring from directly touching the metal cylinder. From what we can tell, there is no good provision in place to keep those separate.
So there we have it: When the current setpoint of the fuse is passed, the fusing element in the upper cap melts, breaking the electrical connection and releasing the gray tube, which is immediately pulled down, into the liquid by the spring. In doing so, it makes a huge splash, momentarily filling the upper part of the fuse with a jet of the fluid. Assuming that the liquid is one that can extinguish electric arcs, this accomplishes both needs for high voltage fuses, separating the two end conductors and quenching the arc.
The liquid inside the fuse is perchloroethylene, better known as “dry-cleaning fluid,” with a colorant so that you can see the level. The installation instructions for the fuse suggest that you “avoid contact of liquid with red-hot surfaces[…].” That's excellent advice; it can decompose into phosgene at high temperatures.
Phosgene, of course, is famous for its use as a chemical agent during World War I.
Despite the perhaps not-kid-friendly liquid filling of the fuse, it's still a magnificent piece of work. IEEE lists the development by Schweitzer and Conrad of the liquid power fuse as one of its milestones, for the first reliable high-voltage power fuse, in 1909.
(Photo: CC-BY Otis Historical Archives Nat'l Museum of Health & Medicine )
For the most part, the liquid-filled fuses have been replaced by a modern, liquid-free version, the boric acid expulsion fuse (example). These work in a similar fashion— just without the liquid. A heavy spring is held taut by a fusible silver element. When the fusible element melts, the spring retracts one end of the wire inside the fuse, separating the two wire ends. The electrical arc between the two wire ends vaporizes a supply of boric acid (a crystalline solid), and the resulting vapors quench the electric arc.
Fuses like these— along with similar types filling this electrical niche —are everywhere, still today. Just look up. In this photo, there are three skinny white objects (“fusible cutouts”) atop this power pole, likely protecting transformers below.
I was pretty lucky with my timing on my month-long respite in Dahab, in that I was here for the First Annual Dahab Festival. Like most “firsts,” there were some organizational problems, but I think all-in-all it came off well and with a bit more practice, it is going to be a nice draw for this town — and you already know I love Dahab, Egypt. Luckily, I found an excellent Dahab hotel to stay for a month, which I've already written on… but this time we'll talk more about their dive shop.
The festival was a full week of activities and included face painting for kids, free yoga classes, windsurfing competitions, various food stands, free diving competitions and lessons, and more, including a Scuba Dive Buoyancy competition.
Why do I highlight that one? Because it was being hosted by Rea Sea Relax Diving, where I did my rescue diving class and assorted other diving for the last month or so and they wanted me to enter. Let's be very clear about this — the competition was a group of dive instructors, dive masters…. and me. I was there for comic relief.
And I delivered.
The course was a series of five obstacles and things you had to swim through without touching anything. First, a series of triangles, then a cone looking structure you had to go head-first into to pull up a weight belt from the sea floor, then a zig-zag line you had to navigate swimming with a square that couldn't touch it, then a tunnel made (the above photo), then some squares.
My goal was not to finish dead-last and also not to have the most penalty time (10 second penalties for every time you touched something). On those duel goals, I succeeded, but then again, the judges were all friends that I bought beers for afterwords, so there might have been a slight bit of fudging. I'll take it as a success anyway.
It was a blast and the folks at Red Sea Relax Diving are incredibly fun, and more importantly, incredibly professional and qualified instructors and dive masters. I couldn't recommend any shop more highly.
The kick-off activity for the Dahab Festival was a homemade raft race in the main harbor and it was a hoot. There were about a dozen rafts competing and as you can imagine, everyone had the appropriate fun/party attitude about it. It was a heck of a week that capped off a wonderful month for me in this great beach town.
This image released by A24 Films shows Saoirse Ronan, left, and Lucas Hedges in a scene from "Lady Bird." (Photo: Merie Wallace/AP)
“Lady Bird” soared as Indiana movie critics chose their top movies of 2017.
The Indiana Film Journalists Association (IFJA) announced their awards Monday, with “Lady Bird” taking the top prize of best picture as well as the best director and best original screenplay for Greta Gerwig, the best Actress for Saoirse Ronan and Best Supporting Actress for Laurie Metcalf.
Its five wins are the most for any film in IFJA awards history.
“The Shape of Water” was named runner-up for best film, and also won the best musical score for Alexandre Desplat.
In addition to the winner and runner-up, eight other movies were named finalists, collectively representing the group's picks for the 10 best films of the year.
The late Harry Dean Stanton was named the best actor for his role in “Lucky,” and Willem Dafoe won best supporting actor for “The Florida Project,” which also took the honors for best ensemble acting.
The prize for best vocal/motion capture performance went to Andy Serkis for “War for the Planet of the Apes.”
“Coco” was named best animated film; “Faces Places” won the best foreign language film prize; and “Let It Fall: Los Angeles 1982-1992” won the best documentary film.
“Logan” was given the award for best adapted screenplay for screenwriters Scott Frank, James Mangold and Michael Green.
The Original Vision Award, which goes to a film that is especially original or innovative, went to “Loving Vincent.” The Breakout of the Year went to Timothée Chalamet for his work in “Call Me by Your Name” and “Lady Bird.”
The Hoosier Award, which recognizes a significant cinematic contribution by a person or persons with roots in Indiana, or a film that depicts Hoosier State locales and stories, went to “Columbus,” the debut feature film of director Kogonada, which was set and shot in the southern Indiana city noted for its Modernist architecture.
IFJA members issued this statement for the Hoosier Award: “Writer and director Kogonada made the architectural haven of Columbus, Indiana, an integral part of his debut film. As a meditation on time, responsibility and the influence of art on everyday life, ‘Columbus' shows the introspective side of Hoosiers that is often left out in stereotypical portrayals.”
The following is a complete list of honored films:
Best Film
Winner: “Lady Bird”
Runner-up: “The Shape of Water”
Other Finalists (listed alphabetically):
“Blade Runner 2049”
“Brigsby Bear”
“Dunkirk”
“The Florida Project”
“Get Out”
“The Post”
“Star Wars: The Last Jedi”
“Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Best Animated Feature
Winner: “Coco”
Runner-Up: “Loving Vincent”
Best Foreign Language Film
Winner: “Faces Places”
Runner-Up: “BPM (Beats Per Minute)”
Best Documentary
Winner: “Let It Fall: Los Angeles 1982-1992”
Runner-Up: “Liyana”
Best Original Screenplay
Winner: Greta Gerwig, “Lady Bird”
Runner-up: Jordan Peele, “Get Out”
Best Adapted Screenplay
Winner: Scott Frank, James Mangold and Michael Green, “Logan”
Runner-up: Hampton Fancher and Michael Green, “Blade Runner 2049”
Best Director
Winner: Greta Gerwig, “Lady Bird”
Runner-up: Guillermo del Toro, “The Shape of Water”
Best Actress
Winner: Saoirse Ronan, “Lady Bird”
Runner-up: Sally Hawkins, “Maudie”
Best Supporting Actress
Winner: Laurie Metcalf, “Lady Bird”
Runner-up: Allison Janney, “I, Tonya”
Best Actor
Winner: Harry Dean Stanton, “Lucky”
Runner-up: Gary Oldman, “Darkest Hour”
Best Supporting Actor
Winner: Willem Dafoe, “The Florida Project”
Runner-up: Doug Jones, “The Shape of Water”
Best Vocal/Motion Capture Performance
Winner: Andy Serkis, “War for the Planet of the Apes”
Runner-up: Sean Gunn & Bradley Cooper, “Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. 2”
Best Ensemble Acting
Winner: “The Florida Project”
Runner-up: “The Post”
Best Musical Score
Winner: Alexandre Desplat, “The Shape of Water”
Runner-up: Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch, “Blade Runner 2049”
Breakout of the Year
Winner: Timothée Chalamet, “Call Me by Your Name” and “Lady Bird”
Runner-up: Kogonada, “Columbus”
Original Vision Award
Winner: “Loving Vincent”
Runner-up: “Brigsby Bear
The Hoosier Award
Winner: “Columbus”
(As a special award, no runner-up is declared in this category.)
About IFJA: The Indiana Film Journalists Association was established in February 2009. Members must reside in the Hoosier State and produce consistent, quality film criticism or commentary in any medium. You can reach IFJA members at http://indianajournalists.com or check out the organization's Facebook page at www.facebook.com/IndianaFilmJournalists/
Read or Share this story: http://on.jconline.com/2BClVIs
A new photo report released by Islamic State (Isis) militants on Thursday shows the Sunni terrorists embracing two "gay" men minutes before brutally stoning them to death in the Syrian province of Homs.
This is the second incident of stoning reported from Homs, located 162km from Damascus, this month. Several Isis followers and sympathisers who widely shared the images on social media hailed the "stoning" as a "just and righteous" act.
However, in the report Isis did not explain whether the men were tried according to Sharia law. Even though the jihadist group has revealed that before the stoning the two men had confessed to their "sins", it has not stated on what basis it arrests and executes homosexual men.
The series of images show the two blindfolded men standing together in a desert clearing, believed to be the outskirts of Homs. The Isis men are then seen hugging and consoling them. One of the Isis fighters is even seen smiling while embracing the victims.
Isis sympathisers on social media said that the fighters exhibited their "compassionate side" by hugging the "sinners".
A Daily Mail report noted that the two gay men were most likely given medicine to reduce their anxiety, hence appeared so calm before being stoned to death.
The later images show scores of Isis men stoning the two "sinners", while a crowd watched the execution. In the final images, the men are seen lying on the ground with blood splattered all around.
Earlier this month, Isis had released images of "homosexual" man being stoned to death at Homs. Images of the incident had showed the accused "gay" man made to run through a field blindfolded, while the militants hurled stones at him. He is later shown lying dead next to hole, dug for burying him.
BAGHDAD — With the liberation of most of the city of Mosul in northern Iraq from the clutches of the Islamic State (IS), which took control of the city in June 2014, some of the displaced Christians began returning home. However, many Christians refuse to return, preferring to remain in the Kurdistan Region, Baghdad or abroad, for fear of suffering the same fate of displacement and captivity once again.
Chaldean Patriarch of Baghdad Louis Raphael Sako voiced concerns about the Christians' return June 18, saying in a press statement, “We have security concerns after the liberation of the land.”
On Oct. 28, 2016, Chaldean Archbishop of Erbil Rabban al-Qas said, “Christians prefer staying in Kurdistan rather than returning.” However, over the past few months, several Christian clerics have been calling for the return of Christians to the Ninevah Plains.
According to a field investigation in early 2017, after the liberation of the Ninevah Plains, many Christians were uncertain about going back.
“However, this does not mean that some of them are ready to return no matter the situation and the conditions,” priest Yaacoub al-Bartali told Al-Monitor. “I am longing to return to the city of Bartala in the Ninevah Plains. But strong sentiments are not a sufficient drive to return as I still fear IS and the extremist forces that might seek revenge.”
He added, “The most important thing that the Christians have lost in their forced migration is not property and land, but the trust in the sons and daughters of neighboring Sunni Arab areas and villages, who have joined IS.”
He noted, “Some promises made by ecclesiastical organizations and the government have yet to see the light. If it weren't for the meager aid of humanitarian organizations, those who live in Mosul today would not have survived.”
This appeared clearly through the opinions expressed by Christians living outside the country. Ayad Kule, a young Iraqi who was displaced in 2014 to the Netherlands, told Al-Monitor via Facebook, “Returning to Mosul is difficult in light of new social conditions. Many of my neighbors chose to side with IS based on an ideological conviction. I'm working now, and my return to Mosul means I would lose my job.”
He added, “Iraqis living outside Iraq — including non-Christians — refuse to return even to the areas where security is stable, such as Baghdad and the central and southern regions, let alone Christians.”
Since 2003, many Christians have left Iraq, which reduced the number of this community inside the country with about 50%, to 1 million.
“Faced with the dilemma of refusing to return, projects and solutions that transcend the financial aspect to social and cultural plans are necessary," Luis Caro, a Christian member of parliament in Iraq, told Al-Monitor.
He said, “How is it possible that Christians return home while explosive devices are still planted in their areas. Christians must be informed that the security forces are able to protect them now. The situation is not the same as before when the withdrawal of security forces made them an easy prey for IS.”
He added, "Christians will be persuaded to return to Iraq if they receive a financial compensation to restore their destroyed homes and churches.”
Caro noted that job opportunities must be provided to those returning to Mosul and the Ninevah Plains. “This can be done quickly by recruiting an appropriate number of young Christians in the security forces and deploying them in their places of residence until the security situation is fully restored,” he said.
Perhaps this understanding is in line with the actions of Christian armed factions affiliated with the Popular Mobilization Units (PMU).
On Oct. 23, 2016, these factions raised the cross over the churches of the city of Bartala in the Ninevah Plains after its liberation, asserting that from now on they will defend their cities themselves.
In addition, there are those who believe that the return of the Christians is conditional on the establishment of a Christian province in the Ninevah Plains.
Nizar Abdel Sattar, a Christian Iraqi media figure and author, focused in his book “Yuliana” on the Christians of Iraq as an integral, deep-rooted part of Iraq and highlighted their suffering throughout history.
He told Al-Monitor, “The vast majority of Christians now find sanctuary and work in the Kurdish areas, Europe and the United States. They are very reluctant about returning home, given the absence of any guiding government actions. In general, the Christian community in Mosul is a rural community and Christians generally do not receive the adequate protection and assistance from the legislative and executive branches in Iraq. Therefore, the Christians' return today depends on purely social efforts.”
Rayan al-Kildani, the secretary-general of the Christian movement Babylon Brigade affiliated with the PMU, told Al-Monitor, “The most important thing is to distance Christian areas from political and sectarian conflicts and ward off all forms of demographic changes.”
He added, “It is necessary to bring about a societal reconciliation that allows coexistence between nationalities and religions and heals the deep psychological scars left by the violent practices of forcing Christians to change their religion.”
It seems initiatives in this respect are being launched. On June 7, the youth of Mosul launched an initiative to encourage the return of the city's Christians by cleaning a number of churches and monasteries, while activists raised the largest cross in the city.
A document issued by the office of the governor of Ninevah on April 23 revealed the formation of a supreme committee tasked with stopping the confiscation of Christian homes in Mosul and giving them back to their rightful owners.
Thus, it is necessary to set the appropriate security, social and economic conditions in Christian areas before calling on Christians to return.
(Reuters) - A British government investment scheme could become a platform for Islamic financial investments in the country, says a company which is using the scheme to establish a small solar power plant.
The government's Enterprise Investment Scheme (EIS) helps small trading companies raise finance by offering tax relief to investors.
British-based Islamic financial advisory firm Simply Sharia plans to raise 3 million pounds ($5 million) by the end of June to build the solar plant, using the tax relief to create a wakala funding structure, said chief executive Faizal Karbani.
The project has been vetted by Bahrain-based Islamic advisory firm Shariyah Review Bureau and will be managed by London-based Gardner Asset Management LLP, which is now seeking a suitable site for the solar farm in Britain.
Islamic finance has grown rapidly in its core markets in the Middle East and southeast Asia, but expansion elsewhere has been slow partly because asset transfers expose sharia-compliant structures to high taxation.
EIS could address this issue as it provides investors with income tax relief at 30 percent, capital gains tax exemption, loss relief and 100 percent inheritance tax relief.
Under the wakala structure used by the solar project, one party acts as agent (wakil) for another, charging an agency fee and a performance fee which mirrors the setup of a conventional solar EIS.
Revenues will be generated from government-backed renewables obligation certificates, which are tradable green certificates issued by the government to producers of renewable electricity, and from selling power generated by the solar farm, said Karbani.
(This story has been refiled to clarify fee structure in seventh paragraph)
Turmeric Lentil Fritters Tomato Greens Bowl with Tahini Dill Sauce. Baked Seedy Golden Lentil fritters with greens, tomatoes and a tahini sauce make an easy Lunch bowl. Vegan Nut-free Soy-free Recipe. Easily Glutenfree.
Jump to Recipe
These seedy lentil fritters are amazingly easy. Cook the lentils with turmeric and spices, fold in some spinach or greens, add seeds like chia, flax, sesame or hemp or other of choice, chill, scoop into bite size fritters, bake and done.
MY LATEST VIDEOS
The lentils when cooked make a wet mixture, which bakes up perfectly into crisp on the outside Golden fritters, soft and flavorful on the inside. I use a cookie scoop to make the fritters as it takes just 5 minutes without any mess. Tahini dill sauce complements these fritters incredibly well. Some juicy tomatoes and baby greens make this bowl an amazing meal. I eat up those fritters right off the baking sheet with the dill sauce, they are so good! so you might want to double the recipe. You can also make wraps with this life a falafel wrap. Some crunchy lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, fritters and sauce in a warm pita bread.
If you make these. do let me know in the comments how you liked them.
Try these lentil recipes
Cook the onion and garlic. Add spices and lentils and roast for a bit.
Add spinach and fold in.
Add seeds and mix in.
Chill for 15 mins. Add breadcrumbs if needed. Use a scoop to place equal size balls on parchment lined sheet.
Bake, cool and serve over a bowl of greens, tomatoes, cucumbers with tahini dill sauce.
Most of us who are familiar with Linux are familiar with the advantages of running Linux as a desktop OS. We frequently bemoan the fact that others don't know what we do about the reality of Linux on the desktop, and we seem to be hampered by difficulties in spreading the word outside our own circles. Recently, I was able to get outside the circle of Linux users and perform a live demonstration of Linux (and LXDE) to a group of professionals in a conference setting. Here's my story.
I spent most of the past week at the Innovative Users Group's annual meeting. The IUG is an organization of libraries that uses a proprietary integrated library system (ILS) put out by Innovative Interfaces, Inc.. If you work in the technical services or systems department of a library, you may have heard of them. If not, you probably haven't. What's important is that this is a conference of librarians with above-average technical knowledge and skills: most are librarians with stronger technical skills, a few (like me) are geeks who have found a niche in the library world.
For this conference, I put together a poster session and a 10-minute “lightning” presentation on the topic of getting the proprietary client software working on older hardware. The vendor (Innovative) sets fairly high system requirements for their software, although they acknowledge that it will run on sub-par computers, if not quite as quickly. One advantage Innovative has over some other companies is that they've made the decision to make their client platform-agnostic (as opposed to Windows-only.) Therefore, it was only logical that I turn my renovated laptop into a presentation.
The short and sweet version of my presentation was this: using Linux and a lightweight window manager/desktop environment, an old computer could still run the proprietary client reasonably well. Libraries are common targets for budget squeezes, and many libraries have to make older hardware last longer, so this seemed a logical fit. I explained the basics of all this while doing a live demo with Linux Mint 8 LXDE Community Edition with the proprietary client installed.
The live demo was a rousing success, one in which even the early mishap worked to my advantage. The other presenters (save one) were using PowerPoint presentations, and one other also wanted to do a live demo. Unfortunately for the other live presenter, the Windows 7 laptop they were using had permissions problems when trying to access the network. They ended up having to use another Windows XP laptop for her live demo. When it was my turn (I went last), my laptop wouldn't recognize the projector since I had booted up without having anything plugged into the VGA port. I ended up simply rebooting and beginning my mini-presentation while the computer started up.
One thing about Mint 8 LXDE: it boots fast. And a room full of tech people saw it boot fast. That same room saw the desktop come up in a hurry (full disclosure: I had set SLiM on this laptop to auto-login.) They saw me login to the VPN with no issues. They saw me fire up the client. There was a bit of a delay – I had warned them that speed was going to be something of an issue – but it came up and I was able to do simple tasks demonstrating I was live. Then the questions started:
“Can you run a browser at the same time?” I opened up Firefox. “Can you go to a more involved site than Google? I open up Facebook. The crowd is surprised and delighted as a former IUG colleague's status update graces the screen (this was completely unplanned, by the way), and shocked as I switch back to the proprietary client and am able to use it while Facebook runs in the background. “How much memory do you have in that laptop?” 256 MB. The person asking that goes slack-jawed. I promise I'll have full instructions and a couple of scripts available for them next week. At the end, people were coming up to me and talking about how useful and fascinating this whole presentation was, and that they were looking forward to seeing the full writeup. They, too, have older equipment, and maybe my work on the laptop will help them extend the life of their equipment – and stretch their budgets further. I must say, though, the most surreal question I was asked was this one: “Have you ever considered doing this under Fluxbox?”
All in all, my lightning round presentation appears to have been very well received. I was getting comments on it throughout the conference, even attracting a little bit of attention from Innovative's CEO. Most importantly, I got the distinct impression that people saw this project as something they could go back to their libraries and do: giving an older workstation new life with Linux seems easy and worthwhile. Many of the people there had heard of Linux, but very few had used it. Now I am optimistic that I've given a few of them the motivation and (forthcoming) guidance to make that leap for themselves. And that's what makes all of this worth it.
Advertisements
Buy Photo Indiana University president Michael A. McRobbie (Photo: Charlie Nye / The Star)Buy Photo
BLOOMINGTON -- Indiana University President Michael McRobbie issued a blistering warning Tuesday to members of his athletic department staff, telling them player misbehavior had to stop.
McRobbie's stern admonishment came during remarks at the department's annual all-staff meeting, at which the president often shares his thoughts on the academic year ahead. Departing from his usual position as supportive but passive when it comes to athletics, McRobbie didn't mince words when discussing the recent spate of off-the-field incidents that have made unwanted headlines in Bloomington.
First he praised a recent major IU discovery in the field of paleobotany: "This is the sort of world-class achievement by our researchers with which I want to see Indiana University associated."
Then he jolted the room.
"What I do not want to see is any more stories of repeated student misbehavior. They embarrass the university, they embarrass all of you in Athletics, and they are a complete distraction from our primary role as an educational institution," McRobbie said. "This misbehavior simply has to stop."
The university released McRobbie's remarks Wednesday, after athletic director Fred Glass' annual football kickoff news conference was overrun by questions about off-the-field incidents that have damaged his department's image.
Glass said he welcomed McRobbie's message.
"Coincidentally, fortuitously, we had our annual all-staff meeting in this room about this time yesterday," Glass said, speaking from Memorial Stadium's Henke Hall of Champions. "(IU President Michael McRobbie) annually comes and brings his message to the staff, and he took that opportunity, very appropriately and forthrightly, to express his expectations about student-athlete behavior. That was to our entire … staff, from top to bottom."
Asked whether saying McRobbie "read the riot act" during his address at the all-staff meeting would adequately characterize his comments, Glass responded: "Yes."
The questions followed Monday's news that two IU men's basketball players, sophomore Emmitt Holt and freshman Thomas Bryant, were cited for illegal possession of alcohol at a convenience store just up 17th Street from Assembly Hall. The citations are the latest in a long string of public off-the-court problems that have plagued the program, starting with Hanner Mosquera-Perea's OWI arrest in February 2014.
CLOSE IU Insider Zach Osterman joins Matt Glenesk to talk about the 11th off-court incident in less than two years for IU men's basketball team. (Clark Wade / The Star)
This summer, star safety Antonio Allen, arguably the football team's top returning defensive player, was arrested on a host of drug-related charges. Allen was dismissed from the program and has since enrolled at Indiana State and joined the Sycamores.
McRobbie's involvement now speaks volumes, suggesting the issue is front and center in the offices of Bryan Hall, the central hub of the university's administration.
"I expect all of you to ensure that my message is heard loud and clear by all student-athletes," he said according to the excerpts. "I have stressed repeatedly that our student-athletes are first and foremost students! Our ultimate goal is to help them obtain a degree that will prepare them for career and life success.
"We owe this to them."
Glass has been vocal in the past year about taking a hands-on role in athlete behavior and discipline. Asked specifically about the most recent incident involving men's basketball, Glass declined to elaborate or speculate on any potential punishment, beyond saying he is giving it "the serious and sober attention it deserves."
"I don't really have anything to add to the statement we put out earlier this week," Glass said, referring to IU's two-sentence news release Monday. "We'll have more on that later."
DOWNLOAD: IndyStar's Hoosiers app
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Addressing the Allen arrest publicly for the first time, Glass expressed confidence in football coach Kevin Wilson's assertion that Allen's behavior was isolated and not indicative of a larger issue involving other members of Wilson's program.
Indiana has not dismissed any other players for reasons related to Allen's crimes, to public knowledge. Glass said that he didn't "know for sure" but that he believed Allen lived in a single apartment.
"We took a comprehensive review of where that all is, across the whole team," Glass said. "Without getting into details of that, I think we're confident to state, as Kevin did, that we think that's an isolated incident with Antonio."
Glass' preseason news conference is an annual event used to announce changes and enhancements to IU's football game day experience. Wednesday's revealed plans to honor IU's undefeated 1945 football team, improved concussion protocols and arena safety, altered pyrotechnics at Memorial Stadium and even the addition of the Chocolate Moose — a popular Bloomington ice cream shop — to the stadium's concession offerings.
Like IU's landmark research find, and so many things in Bloomington recently, it was overshadowed.
Follow Star reporter Zach Osterman on Twitter: @ZachOsterman.
Excerpts From:
IU Athletics All-Staff Meeting
Remarks of Michael A. McRobbie
President
Indiana University
North End Zone
Henke Hall of Champions
Tuesday, August 25, 2015
Noon
STATEMENT ON STUDENT CONDUCT
I expect that all of you will have noticed the announcement last week of a brilliant scientific result in paleobotany by an outstanding team of scientists led by Dr. David Dilcher of IU's Department of Geological Sciences, where they seem to have identified the earliest form of ancient flowering plant life that emerged about 130 million years ago. This finding was published in one of the world's most prestigious scientific publications, the Proceedings of the National Academies of Sciences.
This epochal result was applauded prominently in the media all over the world.
This is the sort of world-class achievement by our researchers with which I want to see Indiana University associated. I want to see the world-class accomplishments of our faculty and students celebrated, as well as the accomplishments of our student-athletes.
What I do not want to see is any more stories of repeated student misbehavior.
They embarrass the university, they embarrass all of you in Athletics, and they are a complete distraction from our primary role as an educational institution.
This misbehavior simply has to stop.
I expect all of you to ensure that my message is heard loud and clear by all student athletes.
I have stressed repeatedly that our student-athletes are first and foremost students!
Our ultimate goal is to help them obtain a degree that will prepare them for career and life success.
We owe this to them.
COMPETITION, CONDUCT, AND COMPLIANCE
As Hoosiers, we want to win—but win the right way, and with student athletes we can be proud of.
We expect our student-athletes to win with good sportsmanship but without sacrificing their education and without shortcuts.
As always—compliance with all NCAA, Big Ten, and Indiana University rules and policies by all coaches, student-athletes, and staff is crucial, and we will remain vigilant at every level to ensure we follow the rules.
As I have said to this group on numerous occasions, the love of sport must never sacrifice integrity.
Our student-athletes act as role models for students across campus and representatives of IU to the world beyond. They should embody Hoosier values of hard work, dignity, and respect.
All of us must play by the rules, whether those of the law or those of the game, whether we agree with the call or not, whether competition brings victory or defeat.
KARACHI: A top counter-terrorism department official on Sunday said that unaddressed personal issues can befuddle the mind of an educated university student and make him/her easy prey for terror groups.
The Sindh police counter-terrorism department's (CTD) Deputy Inspector General (DIG) Aamir Farooqi was speaking at a seminar titled "Policing Extremism", part of a weekend-long event called "The Narrative - Karachi Calling" held at the Arts Council. The event was organised by university students from the Institute of Business Administration (IBA) Literary Society.
During the talk, Farooqi discussed the controversial case of IBA alumnus Saad Aziz, who was tried by a military court and is now on death row for his involvement in the Safoora Goth massacre and Sabeen Mehmood's murder.
The talk was also held just days after the army disclosed that it had detained Naureen, a second-year MBBS student at Liaquat University of Medical and Health Sciences (LUMHS), for her alleged links to the militant Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Read more: Woman held after encounter in Lahore went to Syria for training
Regarding Saad Aziz, Farooqi noted that he initially grew religious due to household influences. According to the DIG, Aziz's mother had a deep interest in religious lectures and would often host them at the family residence. Aziz became more susceptible to being indoctrinated after he faced rejection in his love life, an event that Farooqi says "further cluttered his mind".
He also said that a psychoanalysis of the suspect revealed that Aziz's mental unrest developed due to his "neglected childhood", which later turned out to be a major source of his dangerous ambitions.
Aziz started educating himself with the translation of the Quran upon the insistence of some people, went for an Umrah, and then later even joined the Tableeghi Jamaat.
Explore: From IBA graduate to 'terror suspect'?
Farooqi revealed that Aziz met with Ali-ur-Rehman, an associate of Dr Israr Ahmed's 'Tanzeem-i-Islami' during an internship at a multi-national company. In 2010, Rehman introduced Aziz to a man by the name of Haris, who was linked to Al-Qaeda's Ahmed Farooq group.
Farooqi says this was the point when Aziz indulged in "terror activities" and started running Al-Qaeda's media cell. In 2011, he ventured to Afghanistan for a period of four months. Some reports claim that Aziz was in Afghanistan for militant training.
According to the DIG, Saad met with Tahir Minhas, who had already been on the police watch list and had been arrested once. Towards the end of 2014, Minhas and Aziz started to disagree with the Al-Qaeda ideology and later established contact with IS.
The DIG said that the police found ample evidence from Aziz's laptop which confirmed that he had become an active member of IS.
Talking about his criminal activities, Farooqi said that between 2014 and 2015, the suspect had been involved in targeting police officers in Karachi and Hyderabad.
Attacking law enforcement officers is part of a larger policy by such groups to destabilise state institutions, which eventually affects society as a whole, the DIG said.
At the end, Farooqi said religion does not allow anyone to take the law into their own hands "regardless of the situation".
Insecurity fosters vigilantism
Farooqi was of the view that when insecurity, discrimination, and injustice prevail, people tend to take matters into their own hands.
Referencing the Mardan university lynching, he said that trying to narrow the incident down to one reason would be futile since there is a multitude of reasons behind such an event.
He said, "Our society is riddled with intolerance, and religion is not the source. Religion does not teach us to lose our patience under any circumstance and take matters into our own hands."
Speaking about inequality and the unfair distribution of rights, Farooqi said, "Many segments in our society are deprived of basic rights. When they fail to get justice from government institutions they seek out other means."
"The problems we face in Karachi, Pakistan, and all across Muslim countries are categorised as religious extremism or terrorism in the name of religion." He added, "However, if we carefully observe the situation we come to the conclusion that these problems are actually linked to civil rights."
"Thus it is important to recognise the need to remove any misunderstandings between the fight for civil rights and religious extremism."
'Eastwooding' takes center stage at GOP convention
It was a great moment in chair history.
Clint Eastwood's rambling, off-color interview with an empty chair Thursday night in prime time at the Republican National Convention joins Indiana basketball coach Bobby Knight's chair toss, Jennifer Beals' soaking wet chair dance in "Flashdance" and George Strait's 1985 chart topper "The Chair."
If online chatter is any indication, the legendary actor's peculiar endorsement of Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney almost certainly overshadowed the convention's main event -- Romney's acceptance speech -- in water cooler talk Friday morning.
"Eastwooding" -- posing (as if to harangue) with an empty chair -- is now part of the vernacular and a craze on social media.
Almost 80,000 tweets were posted during Eastwood's appearance, according to the website Knowyourmeme.com.
ABC News reported that the Twitter account @InvisibleObama (its profile picture is an empty chair) had 20,000 followers within 45 minutes of being created.
Knowyourmeme.com credits Salt Lake Tribune political reporter Robert Gehrke with creating the #Eastwooding hashtag. Within an hour, it had generated 7,100 related tweets, many with photos of people and even pets scolding empty chairs.
Eastwood's ploy, while unusual, was not unprecedented.
Smithsonian magazine blogger Colin Schultz unearthed a contemporary account of vice presidential candidate Burton Wheeler using an empty chair as a prop to grill an absent President Calvin Coolidge.
More recently, CNN talk show host Piers Morgan confronted an empty chair when U.S. Rep. Todd Akin cancelled an appearance on his show.
Jim Hoberman, who was senior film critic at the Village Voice for more than 20 years, closely follows the intersection of politics and the movies. He says Eastwood's ad-libbed performance damaged his "Mount Rushmore quality."
The actor, a longtime Republican, was the convention's "great attention magnet," Hoberman said.
He may have attracted too much attention.
"In some respects, (Romney) was upstaged by this, and that can't be good," he said. "It's not even that he was partisan. He was partisan in a particularly kind of clueless and tasteless way. That will damage (Eastwood's) reputation, and it doesn't help Romney. It was an unnecessary distraction."
The White House has taken note.
President Barack Obama's official Twitter account responded to Eastwood and the RNC a little after midnight with a photo of Obama seated in the president's chair. It was accompanied by a message: "This seat's taken."
In other words, to paraphrase Strait, that chair onstage at the convention wasn't Obama's chair after all.
Rene Guzman contributed to this report.
The one S.F. neighborhood where pot dispensaries aren't welcome
A couple walks past La Boulange Cafe on 9th Avenue in San Francisco's Inner Sunset. Despite strong support for medical marijuana in California, one area of the state's weed-friendliest city has no marijuana dispensary: the Sunset District. less A couple walks past La Boulange Cafe on 9th Avenue in San Francisco's Inner Sunset. Despite strong support for medical marijuana in California, one area of the state's weed-friendliest city has no ... more Photo: Jessica Christian / The Chronicle Photo: Jessica Christian / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 17 Caption Close The one S.F. neighborhood where pot dispensaries aren't welcome 1 / 17 Back to Gallery
It doesn't take a bloodhound to pick up a whiff of weed just about anywhere in San Francisco, where a Chronicle analysis found more medical marijuana ID cards have been issued than in any city in the state in the past six years.
Yet, even with California voters expected to decide whether to legalize recreational marijuana next year and polls showing strong support for medical marijuana, one area of the state's weed-friendliest city bucks the trend: the Sunset District.
The Asian American enclave is one of the last affordable places in San Francisco to open a small business — as long as that business isn't a dispensary. Even though dispensaries have boomed in neighborhoods with similar retail corridors since medical cannabis was legalized two decades ago, they've never pierced the Sunset fog. A knot of neighbors and community activists are currently beating back three more applicants who want to set up shop there to handle the city's booming demand.
“We are one voice on this,” said Florence Kong, a Sunset resident and a past president of the Asian American Contractors Association. “It is a cultural issue and a neighborhood issue.”
And one that Kong and her allies are winning.
“Their batting average is 100 percent in the Sunset — that's pretty impressive,” said David Lee, who teaches political science at San Francisco State University and is executive director of the Chinese American Voters Education Committee.
Lee, who said he does not have a position on the issue, said opposition in the Sunset is rooted in traditional Chinese attitudes toward illegal drugs and the fact that the neighborhood boasts more families and homeowners than other parts of San Francisco.
“It's an outlier,” Lee said. Even though the neighborhood may not be known for its grassroots activism, he said its vociferous pushback on marijuana “goes to issues around family. A lot of Chinese families revolve around their children and their education. A lot of families perceive that a medical marijuana facility might be a negative influence on their children.”
The opposition
With 28 operating dispensaries in San Francisco — most of them downtown or in the Outer Mission District — Sunset activists say there are more than enough places to acquire marijuana.
But there's also clear demand: Since 2009, roughly 20 percent of all California medical marijuana ID cards have been issued to San Francisco residents (enrollment in the program is voluntary, so it does not reflect the total number of medical marijuana users).
During the same time frame, San Francisco County had more cardholders per capita than anywhere else in the state: 1,075 for every 100,000 residents. That's 18 times more than in Los Angeles County and 32 times more than in Sacramento.
A report last year on medical cannabis dispensaries by San Francisco's Planning Commission found that dispensary advocates “lament that there aren't enough places to open, especially in the northern and western parts of the city.” A study found that nearly half of the city's residents have to travel 3 or more miles to the dispensary of their choice. That can be difficult for patients who might have to travel an hour each way on public transportation to secure their medicine, the report found.
Delivery issues
Medical marijuana delivery services — which are booming — can be helpful. But the city's report found that some medical marijuana patients live in “government assisted housing or SROs where antidrug policies are strictly enforced.” Other patients prefer to visit a dispensary so they can choose their own strain or get a consultation from a budtender.
And while some neighbors may complain about crime associated with dispensaries, the report found that “it does not appear that that (dispensaries) have a negative impact on crime or community safety.”
Dispensary owners looking to accommodate San Francisco's demand by setting up shop in the sleepier parts of the Sunset District have slammed into neighborhood opposition.
Greg Schoepp wanted to open a dispensary called the Bay Area Compassion Health Care Center in an 800-square-foot former chiropractor's office at 2139 Taraval St. Cannabis wouldn't be cultivated there, and on-site smoking or vaporizing would not be permitted.
Photo: John King / John King A couple walks past La Boulange Cafe on 9th Avenue in San...
But in May, opponents wearing pink badges saying “No more MCDs” (medical cannabis dispensaries) packed a Planning Commission meeting to oppose Schoepp's proposed dispensary. They were among the activists who successfully lobbied City Hall to require dispensaries to obtain a conditional use permit — a tougher hurdle to clear — before opening in the Sunset's business districts. Other neighborhoods don't have that requirement.
The commission voted against granting Schoepp a conditional use permit. Schoepp declined to comment.
“This is a bedroom community. We don't want that here,” said Josephine Zhao, a 46-year-old mother of two and an organizer of antimarijuana forces for the past few years. “I have no interest in touching or smelling or smoking any drugs — marijuana included.”
Zhao said much of the opposition in the Sunset, particularly among older residents, is rooted in how China views narcotics. She pointed to the arrest last August in China of Jaycee Chan, the son of martial arts movie star Jackie Chan, who was a prominent anti-drug spokesman in the country.
Arrests in China
The younger Chan was jailed after he tested positive for marijuana and police found more than 100 grams of weed (roughly 3.5 ounces) in his possession. Initial reports predicted that Chan, caught up in a nationwide crackdown, could spend three years in prison or possibly be executed, but he was released after six months. As of November, 10,000 people had been arrested on drug charges in China, nearly double the total from the previous year.
In the U.S., Zhao said it is a constant struggle to push back against a media culture that glamourizes marijuana use.
Plus, it is often hard to organize her neighbors.
“That's just Chinese culture,” Zhao said. “We just have our heads down. ‘Don't protest. Just mind your own business, if you speak up about what you want, people will target you and make your life hell.'”
And even though herbs have been used medicinally in Chinese culture for thousands of years, Zhao and other opponents believe cannabis is different.
Test upcoming
Those attitudes may be tested next year when marijuana legalization probably will be on the ballot in California. There are little polling data on Chinese American attitudes toward marijuana, but Ben Tulchin, a San Francisco pollster who has surveyed voters on the issue frequently, said younger U.S.-born Chinese Americans “tend to be like their non-Chinese American peers on social issues like this” — which means generally more liberal.
“I don't expect them to be wildly enthusiastic about it,” Tulchin said. “But I don't expect them to be hard core against it, either.”
Peter Wong, a Sunset resident who has worked with Zhao in opposing dispensaries, knows public opinion is increasingly supportive of marijuana.
“I'm probably fighting a losing battle,” Wong said. “But I maintain each neighborhood has a right to say no to (dispensaries). The patients who need it here are already being served.
Joe Garofoli and Joaquin Palomino are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers. E-mail: jgarofoli@sfchronicle.com, jpalomino@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @joegarofoli, @joaquinpalomino
This was actually something I learned from one of Garmon's EVE is Easy videos a while ago. Despite the video being old and outdated at some points the ‘trick' with t2 damage rigs is still highly relevant, yet unknown by most people. This post will be an explanation on stacking penalties on damage modules and rigs and how to take most advantage of it.
Most of you, if not all, are already aware that many modules and rigs, including damage mods, are affected by a stacking penalty which basically means that the effect of extra modules will be lowered for each module/rig you fit. However by the way that the stacking penalties are calculated it will always apply the biggest bonus first, thus it will have the lowest stacking penalty. Also, when stacking penalties are calculated for lowslot damage mods the damage increase and rate of fire (RoF) bonus will be calculated separately. So by taking advantage of these two mechanics you can get a rather large damage increase from a t2 rig when stacking penalties are in effect as these rigs have a 15% bonus compared to the 10% damage and 10.5% RoF bonus from t2 lowslot damage mods (12,5% and 10.5% for faction lowslot damage mods). So for t1 rigs which have a 10% bonus this effect doesn't apply.
For a ship with 2 lowslot damage mods you will get nearly as much dps from a t2 RoF rig as a 3rd damage mod and for a ship with 3 lowslot damage mods you will get more dps from a t2 RoF rig than adding the 4th and even the 5th lowslot damage mod. This effect will also apply to t2 damage increase rigs, but because of the way damage is calculated in EVE you will get a larger effect from a RoF bonus than a damage bonus despite both of them being the same number.
And now to a true EVE player's favourite part: The math and spreadsheet.
The math behind
Let's start with the basics on stacking penalty. When more modules/rigs are added the effect of the extra modules/rigs will be lowered. So the first one will have full effect while the effect on the 2nd is lowered and the 3rd is even lower and so on. The numbers in EVE are:
Module No.: 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 Effect: 100% - 86.9% - 57.1% - 28.3% - 10.6%
The 5th module/rig only gives one tenth of the effect and beyond that it is pretty much pointless to add more modules. As stated before, the module/rig with the largest bonus would be calculated first, thus being the one that have 100% effect while the module/rig with the 2nd largest bonus would be the one with 86.9% effect and so on. So by adding a t2 RoF rig it will be the rig that will be number on the list, while the RoF bonus from damage mods will be shifted 1 spot. However the damage increase bonus will remain in the same spots, thus the stacking penalty wouldn't be increased. To easier understand the order:
Stacking No.: 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 RoF bonus: RoF rig – 1st gyro – 2nd gyro – 3rd gyro Dmg bonus: 1st gyro – 2nd gyro – 3rd gyro
I used the term ‘gyro' from gyrostabilizer for the lowslot damage mods. It will of cause cover all types of lowslot damage mods. Since it is only t2 rigs that have a larger bonus than damage mods this effect will only work with them.
If we make a table with the increased dps from various mods calculated from a base dps of 100 it becomes easy to see this in effect. The top table features normal t2 lowslot damage mods while the bottom one features faction lowslot damage mods.
Now, if we start by observing the effect of t1 rigs it is clear that the dps of X gyros and a damage rig will not surpass the dps of X+1 gyros and the difference does only narrow down when stacking penalty is getting high. This applies to both t2 and faction gyros. However if we observe the dps with a t2 RoF rig it is starting to get really close at already 2 gyros compared to 3 gyros without the rig, with a difference less than 1dps (164.65 vs 165.30). For a t2 damage increase rig the difference is larger (162.46 vs 165.30). If we add another gyro to both the dps of 3 gyros + t2 rig surpasses the dps of 4 gyros for both the RoF rig (179.38 vs 175.19) and damage increase rig (177.71 vs 175.19). And for the RoF rig it will even surpass the damage of the 5th gyro.
For faction gyros the same effect takes place. But since the faction gyros are better than the t2 ones the advantage of t2 rigs is slightly reduced. Another thing worth noting is that the difference between a t2 RoF rig and a t2 damage increase rig is increased compared to the calculations with t2 gyros which is caused by the fact that faction gyros only get a higher damage increase bonus and not a RoF bonus. So by using the RoF rig we reduce the stacking penalty on the improved attribute on the faction gyros.
To summarize we can say that with 2 t2 gyros you will get nearly as much dps by adding a t2 RoF rig as if you add a 3rd gyro and with 3 t2 gyros you will get more dps by adding a t2 RoF or damage increase rig than a 4th gyro. With faction gyros this is only as effective with t2 RoF rigs.
Taking advantage of this
You have probably found yourself in the situation that you quickly run out of lowslots when trying to maximize the dps of your ship. So with this knowledge you can start taking the t2 damage rigs into consideration when min-maxing the fit for your ships. The price of t2 damage rigs is definitely low enough to put it on faction and t2 ships. The small t2 damage rigs for turrets cost around 3-5mil while the medium ones cost 11-13mil and the large ones are 35-55mil. The missile ones are more expensive and cost 7-8mil, 16-17mil, and 80-90mil respectively.
One of the biggest drawbacks of the t2 damage rigs is the high calibration cost. For those of you who don't know what calibration is, then it is basically a resource for fitting rigs like powergrid and CPU is for modules. In most situations it isn't a problem, but when fitting t2 rigs or 2 t1 damage rigs you will quickly run out of calibration. T1, Navy faction, T2 and T3 ships have 400 calibration points while pirate faction ships have 350. A t2 damage rigs cost 300 calibration which takes up a good chunk of the calibration. Another drawback is the increased PG cost for turrets and increase CPU cost for missiles which sometimes makes it hard to fit a damage rig.
Advertisements
The Spaniard, who competed with Manor Racing in Formula 1 last year, will now drive for the team set up by the former chiefs of the F1 squad John Booth and Graeme Lowdon.
Merhi was left without a drive in F1 for this year after Manor hired Indonesian Rio Haryanto to join Pascal Wehrlein, but will now join his former F1 teammate Will Stevens at Manor in the WEC.
The 25-year-old will drive one of the two ORECA 05 LMP2 cars the team will field this year.
"I'm really excited to be part of this new exciting chapter with Manor," Merhi said. "It is a great opportunity to work with Graeme, John and the team again.
"This is my first time at endurance racing, LMP2 is a very strong championship and I am looking forward to getting into the ORECA 05 LMP2 and seeing what we can all achieve together."
"It is great to welcome Roberto back to Manor," Booth added. "Roberto is a talented driver with plenty of speed and experience.
"I know that he will fit in straight away having worked with many of the team before and also been a teammate to Will Stevens last year."
Match-Up:
The Canadiens (17-5-4) return home to the Bell Centre to host the Senators (13-8-5) Wednesday night after 5 games in 8 days on the road. The game starts at 7:00 and can be seen on RDS and TSN.
This is the fourth and final meeting between these two teams this season. Montreal is 1-1-1 against the Sens, dropping both their games in Ottawa. Last time these teams met, Ben Bishop put on a clinic in nets for the Senators, he stopped 44 of 45 shots during the game and 4 out of 5 shootouts attempts to help Ottawa secure the victory.
What to Watch:
Sunday night against the Panthers, Michael Ryder found the back of net for the first time since returning to the Habs, then he did it again. In the 7 games he's played since rejoining his former club, Ryder has picked up 2 goals and 7 assists, 8 of his 9 points came in the last 4 games.
PK Subbban has been playing like a Norris contender for the Canadiens, he has points in 6 of his last 7 games and 8 of his last 10. Subban has been especially productive on the power play, he has 2 goals and 4 assists in the last 5 games with the man advantage.
Ottawa has had a lot of ugly highlights this season – Erik Karlsson's leg being sliced by Matt Cooke, Craig Anderson getting sideswiped by Chris Kreider – but Kaspars Daugavins tried to add a positive one to the team's reel. Daugavins' shootout attempt against Tuuka Rask and the Bruins on Monday could have only been better if he had managed to beat Boston's goalie.
What's at Stake:
The race for first place in the East continues and the Canadiens are still right in the thick of it. With the Penguins beating the Bruins on Tuesday, both Montreal and Pittsburgh are tied with 38 points, Boston is one point back with two fewer games played than the Habs. While the season is only just past the halfway point the Canadiens look poised to make the playoffs and are more concerned with the battle for first place, not eighth. It might not be where the Habs expected to be after last season, but I'm sure they're fine with it.
Who's Out:
Brandon Prust is the Habs' most recent casualty, he suffered a separated shoulder Saturday against the Lightning and is slated to miss 10-14 days. Rene Bourque (concussion), Raphael Diaz (concussion) and Petteri Nokelainen (back) are also out.
As bad as Montreal's injury troubles might appear, they don't even begin to compare with those of the Ottawa Senators. The Sens are missing top defenseman Erik Karlsson (Achilles tendon), top forward Jason Spezza (back), number one goalie Craig Anderson (ankle) as well as Milan Michalek (knee) and Mike Lundin (concussion).
What Else:
After finishing February 9-2-3, the Canadiens are off to a 4-1-1 start to March. In 6 games the Habs have scored 26 goals averaging 4.33 goals per game. The Senators, after holding on pretty well in February despite the slew of injuries is just 1-2-2 this month. They still occupy the fifth spot in the East but have just a 3-point cushion on the Rangers and Jets who are tied for the last playoff spot.
Be sure to tune into the Montreal Hockey Talk Pregame Show an hour before the puck drop and the Post Game Show 5 minutes after the final siren. Join the conversation by using the hashtag #MTLHockey on Twitter to take part in the live chat.
The approved plans for the future half-acre Mission Plaza at the base of the Transbay/Salesforce Tower feature a grove of 20 redwood trees, a 41-foot-tall sculpture assembled from concrete blocks salvaged from the former terminal on the site and a funicular from the plaza to the new City Park atop the transit center.
But based on a shadow study of the redwoods commissioned by Salesforce, which has been lobbying for a more open plaza with the potential to host events and an unobstructed view of the Salesforce specific lobby at the base of the tower with Boston Properties' support, new plans for Mission Plaza have been drawn, eliminating the grove and sculpture and changing the funicular to a gondola.
From the summary of the new plaza plan which is to be presented to San Francisco's Planning Commission next week:
“Eliminating the redwood grove will allow much more natural light into the plaza, and enhance the movement of people from the Transbay Center. The plaza will be paved with in-ground LED light fixtures within the former tree wells, which will provide a unique experience for visitors. The gondola enclosure, which will become more prominent within the plaza, has been redesigned to respond to the curvature of the surrounding buildings with a steel and glass structure.”
And the proposed landscaping and seating adjacent to the gondola enclosure has been redesigned to “reflect the surrounding curved forms.”
We'll keep you posted and plugged-in.
Racism is widespread in English football with police having to deal with hundreds of incidents from the top of the game right down to grassroots level, an investigation has revealed.
It also revealed that Chelsea supporters have been involved in the highest number of reported racist incidents as they travelled to and from matches on trains.
It follows the high-profile case of a black man who was prevented from boarding a train in Paris by Chelsea fans as they sang a racist song, with five of them due in court this week.
Chelsea supporters have been involved in the highest number of reported racist incidents
The information, gathered from 24 police forces across the country, shows there have been over 350 incidents since 2012.
But as that only accounts for around half the police forces in the country, the actual figure is likely to be much higher.
The charity Show Racism The Red Card said the number of incidents shows that racism is a societal problem and it was particularly shocked by the number of incidents of racist abuse at children's matches.
The British Transport Police said since 2012 it had dealt with 15 incidents of alleged racism involving Chelsea fans, the most of any club in the country.
Manchester United were second with 10 incidents, followed by Leeds with 10, West Ham with eight, Arsenal with four and Portsmouth with four.
Chelsea fans united with a banner stating 'Black or white, we're all blue' ahead of Burnley match
A club spokesman for Chelsea said of the investigation: 'The club's position on discriminatory behaviour is clear and we work closely with relevant authorities on their investigations.'
Greater Manchester Police reported 46 incidents, which included a man cleaning a toilet in a stadium being told 'that's a f****** black man's job, you f****** n*****' and a manager at a children's game being told 'I'll do you, I'm gonna wait for you outside, I'm going to do you, you f****** n*****'.
The force also said that on two occasions a letter was written to a specific footballer containing racist abuse and during a game someone shouted 'what is this the United Nations, how many chinks and w*** do you need?'.
Hertfordshire Police recorded 11 incidents of alleged racist abuse at children's football games, while Northamptonshire Police said that during a non-league game a man was spat at and racially abused before eventually having his leg broken in a strong challenge.
Some Chelsea fans were involved in an incident on the Paris Metro, and supporters have worked hard in the aftermath to show that there is no racism at Stamford Bridge
Gavin Sutherland, campaign co-ordinator at Show Racism The Red Card, said: 'This data from police forces around the UK shows that although football clubs have taken strong action against people using racist language inside stadiums, racism is a real problem within society.
'People who exhibit racist behaviours in 2015 are doing so, in the main, away from football grounds.
'Especially worrying are the incidents of racist abuse at youth team football matches. People engaged in racist abuse at these venues know that they are more likely to get away with it, because of facilities, a lack of stewarding and security, but the impact on young people will be considerable.
'Primarily, they are being exposed to racism, which in itself is frightening, but also it may influence their own behaviour.'
Other incidents included Cleveland Police reporting repeated monkey sounds and gestures during a Middlesbrough v Blackburn game in November last year and Devon and Cornwall Police said a man was headbutted and racially abused during a non-league game.
Chelsea's programme cover for the match against PSG carried a clear message: 'We are all blue #equality'
Surrey Police said a referee received racist insults during a kids' game and Essex police said a footballer refused to shake hands with a player from the opposite team before racially abusing him.
Due to the fact that some police forces were unable to provide the information or did not reply to the request, Mr Sutherland said there would certainly be a greater number of cases.
'These incidents, although shocking in themselves and how geographically widespread they are, will be just a part of the picture,' he said.
'These are the incidents that have been reported. There will certainly be a greater number unreported and under-investigated.
'Show Racism The Red Card has always stated that the reason racism manifests in football is that it is a societal problem.
'The campaign works with young people and adults not just to educate against racism, but encourage the use and development of critical thinking skills to break down the misinformation that supports racist beliefs.'
When Gov. Chris Christie took office, he promised to “turn Trenton upside down.”
We had no idea he was planning to rewrite the north Jersey road map as well. But he did. And he turned it into a work of fiction.
In order to create a legal justification for using $1.8 billion from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to repair the Pulaski Skyway and other nearby roadways, lawyers for the state and the Port Authority had the skyway classified as an access road for the Lincoln Tunnel. No, Jersey drivers, that's not a typo. The Lincoln Tunnel.
One glance at a map - which shows the Skyway feeding directly into the Holland Tunnel and the Lincoln — a long, winding (and stoplight filled) six miles away, shows how absurd that is.
And it could be illegal. The move is now reportedly being investigated by the US Securities Exchange Commission, the US Attorney's Office and the District Attorney in Manhattan.
On today's Ledger Live video we put that claim to the test by quizzing true experts: Newark Airport cab drivers. Then, we test it further, with a preschooler and a mouse in a maze.
Brian Donohue is a Star-Ledger columnist/commentator. He may be reached at bdonohue@starledger.com or (973)392-1543.
It's possible to do everything correctly in a game of Magic and still lose. This is a big reason why the game can be frustrating to many players. This is also the reason that keeps me interested, this game is fascinating!
The mental aspects of Magic are vital to becoming a better player. Exploring deck lists and playing lots of matches is a sure fire way of preparing for an upcoming tournament. This is valuable in the short term because it has an immediate impact on your win percentage at that tournament. However I believe that in the long term the mental aspects of Magic are equally, if not even more important, than these things. Topics such as: focus, motivation, tilt and improving are all incredibly important when it comes to Magic. Most players don't even know that they should be thinking about these things.
The first thing to understand is that the mental game should be treated just like the physical game. It is a slow and steady process. You may not see results in the next few days or weeks. It is something that needs to be worked at constantly.
Long term gain: The mental aspects of Magic require effort and can be learned just like any other skill.
Would magic be the same if the best player always won? The short answer is no, we would be playing a totally different game, probably something closer to chess. Magic is similar to Poker in that any player can win a match but a better player has a much higher chance of winning. This is the reason the game works and is the reason that keeps people coming back because it makes the game interesting. You can play the same deck one hundred times and it will still be interesting as different and random things occur in each game. People often refer to this as variance.
Long term gain: Magic works and is interesting because of variance.
I eluded to the fact that many players get frustrated when playing Magic or when variance doesn't go their way. This can lead to tilt problems. Tilt is a term from poker. It describes a person that has to some extent lost control of their emotions and can no longer make objective optimal decisions. Tilt is an incredibly deep topic and one I look forward to exploring a lot more. But before we can look at tilt, we have to be able to comprehend variance. A lot of competitive players that I speak to understand that variance is required for the game to function. However they still find themselves often getting frustrated or tilted after a match. Also note that tilt doesn't always manifest itself outwardly as frustration, it can affect your ability to play Magic in many ways.
Awareness is key in understanding variance. We have already talked about why variance is necessary in Magic, now we have to actually quantify it. How much does variance affect our games? It's a really hard question to answer. Begin by gathering data from your own matches. I think a really good way of doing this is to just draw a table in the back of your life pad or keep track on your phone. It can be really simple, here's an example:
There are a few interesting things going on in this simple table. The inverse of variance is your control over a game. Every decision you make is essentially a potential spot to make a mistake. It's more constructive for us to look at our own decisions and it also goes hand in hand with variance. After each game try ranking yourself from 1-4, not on how well you made decisions, but on how much of an impact you think your decisions had on the match. You'll notice you can't choose zero because your decisions will almost always have some effect on your games. The scale is set at 1-4 because there is no middle ground, you can't choose 2.5. Lastly, always try and write down one thing you could have done differently in your match ‘Learning Point', there's always something.
Long term gain: Make a habit of recording your variance
There are some great ways you can estimate how much of a toll variance took on your game and conversely how much you impacted the game. Try counting the number of lands you've drawn (and started the game with) and compare against the number of lands your opponent drew. This is particularly great in Limited because the power level of spells is usually quite close. This means that just having more spells is usually an advantage. For example in one game I started by keeping 4 lands, when the game ended I had 24 cards left in my library and I had 6 lands in play and 1 in my hand. I started with 7 cards and saw an additional 9 cards, from these 9 I drew 3 lands. This is pretty good and above what you might expect. My opponent went through 13 cards and found 9 lands, this was definitely a big factor in the outcome of our game.
Another example would be the number of potential draws or outs you have in a given scenario. Recently I was playing a really close match as Affinity against Lantern Control in Modern. My opponent had Ensnaring Bridge in play and multiple Codex Shredders but no Lantern of Insight. I had a lonely Signal Pest and some non-creature artifacts that were not Cranial Plating. The game went on for about 15 turns in this board stall and my opponent eventually used academy ruins to buy back Lantern of Insight and I was immediately locked out of the game. Many people would leave this game thinking that they had many outs (which is true) and that their opponent received more luck than they did.
Let's take a closer look at this situation. Ignoring combinations of cards I can draw, the single cards which will put me ahead in this board stall are: Cranial Plating, Ornithopter, Memnite, Signal Pest, Arcbound Ravager. This totals 17 cards left in my deck, when the board stall began I had 46 cards in my library. That's about a 37% chance to gain an advantage in this game and the odds get better with each draw step. However the truth is that drawing an Ornithopter or Memnite would give me an advantage but would still be incredibly slow. I didn't have enough artifacts in play to make Ravager a lethal draw and it only really has one use in this situation. due to the Ensnaring Bridge. Drawing a Signal Pest would be good and would make further 0 drops good draws.
So my only great draw was Cranial Plating, which of course lowers my percentage to win by a lot. Whereas my opponent had Academy Ruins and 2 Codex Shredders in play, meaning that they get to mill 3 cards a turn digging for Lantern plus their draw step. Comparing yourself to your opponent in terms of variance is really helpful. This may sound odd because for most players thinking about why they lost leads to tilt. But this is vital in beginning to understand how to deal with these problems. Try to have an objective view when doing this. Focus on justifying to yourself how randomness affected your matches.
Long term gain: Objectively compare your variance to your opponent
If you care about improving your game, try and do something today that will help you in the long run. My focus has always been on playing to learn, the wins will come as a by-product of improving. You can't change variance but you can change how it affects you. Take control.
Thanks for reading. If you have any questions please post in the comments below.
Surge Deluxe Stuns the PS Vita on February 4th in North America, February 5th in Europe
FuturLab, whose Velocity Ultra released on PS3/PS Vita last year, has announced today that another one of their games, Surge Deluxe, will hit the PlayStation Vita on February 4th in North America and February 5th in Europe. A price wasn't detailed, but it'll be “under a fiver” in North America.
Here's FuturLab's explanation of Surge Deluxe:
Surge Deluxe features lightning-fast match-three gameplay, and rewards those who can think strategically under pressure! Since Surge was originally released on PS Mobile we've had a ton of feedback, and Surge Deluxe on PS Vita is our response to that feedback. We've added unique shapes for each color block, so colorblind people can compete on an even playing field, and we've added depth to the scoring system with new special block types that reward quick thinking and understanding of the game mechanics.
Also, because FuturLab is Latin for magic, Velocity 2X will have a Platinum trophy among its arsenal when the game eventually comes to the PS4 and PS Vita later this year.
Here are some screenshots for Velocity 2X:
Are you going to be buying Surge Deluxe next week? Let us know in the comments below.
[Source 1, 2, 3]
Autopsies will be conducted Wednesday on two teenagers from the Whitefish Lake First Nation whose bodies were discovered earlier this week within hours and a few kilometres of each other.
RCMP have given out little information about the case.
"It is too early to determine if (the deaths) are as a result of foul play or are directly linked, but investigators are considering these possibilities given the circumstances," High Prairie RCMP said in a news release.
The RCMP major crimes unit has been working on the investigation since Monday.
Police and family members have confirmed that Dylan Laboucan and Cory Grey were both found dead within a few kilometres of where they lived.
The two were boyfriend and girlfriend. He was 17, she was 19.
The young couple went missing over the weekend from the remote community north of Slave Lake, Alta.
Laboucan's body was found Monday evening.
Louis Grey confirmed to CBC late Tuesday that his daughter's body was found less than 24 hours later.
"Tonight, they found my girl finally, deceased, not even two kilometres from my place," Grey said.
High Prairie RCMP say they originally responded to a complaint on Saturday about an unconscious person outside a residence on the First Nation. When they arrived, they found no one at the scene.
Grey told CBC News that Laboucan was found unconscious on Saturday between 7 p.m. and 8 p.m., outside the trailer where he lived with his girlfriend and her mother. Grey lives about two kilometres away.
"The guy who found them, I guess he sort of panicked," Grey said. "He really didn't try to revive him. He didn't want to go inside the trailer, because he thought someone might be inside.
'Dylan's body was gone'
"So, he took off and went to go phone from a neighbour's place. So, this took him about 15 to 20 minutes. When he returned back to the scene, Dylan's body was gone. But he'd never seen my girl."
Police listed Laboucan as missing on Saturday. They listed his girlfriend as missing the following day.
Grey said that during the initial search for the young couple, police brought in dogs and were assisted by people from surrounding communities.
On Monday, High Prairie RCMP said they had found a body, and on Tuesday confirmed it was Laboucan.
His body was found about six to eight kilometres from the trailer where the young couple lived.
"Then they tried to stop us from searching anymore," Grey said, "because we could have contaminated the crime scene."
He said police found his daughter's body at around 5 p.m. Tuesday.
RCMP said Cory Grey's body was found in a different location from where Laboucan had been discovered.
'They were innocent, innocent'
"She was the youngest of my kids," Grey said. "I had nine kids. Just three years ago, I lost my youngest son right on Christmas Day. So it's kind of hard for the family again, to happen to our two youngest kids."
Grey said his daughter and her boyfriend had been together for about a year. Laboucan had recently graduated from high school, he said, and his daughter graduated the year before.
Both had been accepted to go to vocational school in Slave Lake, Grey said.
"Everything was set up, even apartments and all that. And then this happened. They were a nice young couple. They had their little minor arguments, but just minor. They were innocent, innocent."
Whitefish Lake First Nation is north of Lesser Slave Lake.
Against the State: An Anarcho-Capitalist Manifesto. By Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr. Rockwell Communications. 190 pages.
Lew Rockwell has set himself a difficult task. He has written Against the State, not for the already convinced libertarian, eager to discuss the latest theoretical refinements, but rather for the concerned citizen who senses that something is wrong with our political system and wonders what to do about it. Such readers are apt to recoil in horror at the mention of anarchism, but it is precisely Rockwell's aim to convert such skeptical readers to anarcho-capitalism, of the sort defended by Murray Rothbard.
With that audience as his target, Rockwell has followed a three-part strategy. First, he shows that the present situation is so bad that radical remedies must be considered. Second, he blocks the main remedy that will at once occur to many of his readers. They will agree with him that the American state has become tyrannical, but at first they will seek a less radical answer than Rockwell's. They will suggest that the key fault of our government is that it has overthrown the constitutional regime established by the Founding Fathers. We have only to return to the American tradition of limited government, and our present political ills will dissipate. It is a key task of the book to disarm this response. Only after the first two parts of the strategy have been laid out will readers be in a position to appreciate the case for anarchism.
Rockwell begins with a fundamental criticism of the contemporary American state. As you would expect from a student of Murray Rothbard, he assails the war and imperialism that dominate American foreign policy.
The main aim of American foreign policy is to impose the will of our ruling elite on the rest of the world. In doing so, we have inflicted massive death and destruction, without moral justification. When she was Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright expressed the attitude of the American state elite with chilling clarity. On the 60 Minutes program, May 12, 1996, Lesley Stahl asked Albright about the economic sanctions the US was imposing on the Saddam Hussein regime in Iraq. Stahl inquired, “We have heard that half a million children have died. I mean, that's more children than died in Hiroshima. And, you know, is the price worth it?” and Albright replied “we think the price is worth it.”
Such a bloodthirsty policy is unfortunately not an aberration. Rockwell shows that war in pursuit of empire has dominated twentieth-century American foreign policy. Woodrow Wilson believed that
America ... had a mission to bring democracy to the world ... Wilson, though extremely pro-British, began the process of replacing Britain with America as the dominant world power. Throughout the twentieth century, we see this constant pattern: America has used democratic rhetoric to impose American world domination.
The policy of world domination continued during the Cold War. Following Murray Rothbard, Rockwell holds that the “war” that the Communists waged against us was ideological. Though Communists might preach revolution, Soviet foreign policy posed no direct threat to America.” In point of fact, America's aggressive policy had as its principal aim to secure control by the government of the American economy by making it dependent on government spending. Rockwell shows that despite President Eisenhower's much-touted farewell speech warning against unwarranted influence of the military-industrial complex, Eisenhower played a primary role in securing the continuing dominance of that very “complex” over the economy.
How should we respond to imperialism and war? One answer is to return to the traditional American policy of Washington and Jefferson. America before the twentieth century did indeed avoid entanglement in European affairs, but
to say, “we need to return to the foreign policy of the Founders” won't solve our problem. Even if we did this, we would still be violating the just war principles that Rothbard has set out. And let's not forget the War of 1812, in part motivated by the wish to conquer Canada, and the Mexican War, aptly called in a recent book A Wicked War.
The American state does not confine its belligerent activities to those unfortunate enough to dwell overseas. Increasingly, the state assaults its own citizens, as Rockwell makes abundantly clear. The “war on drugs” has filled our prisons with people who have presumed to ingest substances that the state forbids. The “war on terror” has been the excuse for a massive assault on our liberties. Local police have increasingly come to adopt militarized tactics, in the style of colonial administrators dealing with subject populations.
Following the classic analysis of John T. Flynn in As We Go Marching (1944), Rockwell describes the American state as fascist.
Fascism is the system of government that cartelizes the private sector, centrally plans the economy to subsidize producers, exalts the police State as the source of order, denies fundamental rights and liberties to individuals, and makes the executive State the unlimited master of society.
Reading about the horrendous behavior of the state may well be depressing; but as F.H. Bradley said, “where everything is bad, it must be good to know the worst.” Given the manifest evils and failures of the state, what should we do? Many in Rockwell's audience will seek a solution in “limited government.” If only we return to the Constitution as intended by its Framers, all will be well.
Rockwell very effectively brings out that this is a vain hope. The notion of limited government is incapable of being realized in practice. If there is a monopoly government, any limitations on the government must be ones the government has imposed on itself. To expect this sort of limitation to be effective is futile.
As Rockwell puts the point:
This solution can't work. It suffers from a fatal flaw. The Constitution creates a government that is the judge of its own powers. The branches of the government, legislative, executive, and judicial, are in theory supposed to check and balance each other. The problem with this is that the Supreme Court, which as the Constitution has developed has become the highest arbiter of constitutional issues, is itself part of the federal government. In a dispute between the federal government and the people, it is unlikely to side against the government.
If limited government will not work, what is to be done? Rockwell finds the answer in the free market. If competition works well for all other goods and services, why not for protection and defense as well? What is supposed to be “special” about these latter services that requires us to abandon the proved lessons of experience?
But how exactly would anarchism operate? In a way greatly influenced by Rothbard, Rockwell describes the activities of libertarian defense agencies. These agencies follow a libertarian law code, based on natural law.
We could go on at greater length about the libertarian law code, but for our purposes, there is no need to do so. Once we have self-ownership and property rights, that's all we need. Individuals are then free to make whatever exchanges they wish. This is the basis on which the free market can get started.
Rockwell has wisely avoided a mistake. “Anarcho-capitalism means relying on the free market in everything; and we can't specify in advance exactly how the free market will work. Leonard Read pointed out in a classic account that when something has been socialized, people jump to the conclusion that the market can't provide it:” Against the State is not, in the phrase of Marx and Engels in the Communist Manifesto, one of the “duodecimo editions of the New Jerusalem.”
Against the State merits the careful attention of everyone who wishes to live in freedom.
Image source: iStockphoto.
PARIS: Veteran Indian tennis star Leander Paes completed a 'Career Slam' in mixed doubles with Swiss partner Martina Hingis with a hard-fought win over compatriot Sania Mirza and Ivan Dodig , on Friday.The unseeded Indo-Swiss pair eked out a 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 win over the second seeds in the summit clash that lasted one hour and 28 minutes.42-year-old Paes had won Australian Open, Wimbledon and US Open titles in 2015 with Hingis.It was 18th Grand Slam title for Paes and 10th in the mixed doubles. For 35-year-old Hingis, it was Grand Slam title number 22nd and fifth trophy in the mixed doubles.Despite being the oldest player on the court, Paes' alertness and presence of mind made a good difference to the outcome of the match. Whenever he saw little openings and converted those into points.Playing with lot passion, he put away volleys from ferocious returns of both Sania and Dodig and has staked claim to be in India's mixed doubles team at the upcoming Rio Olympics.Dodig was excellent with his service games in the opening and hardly lost points. His powerful returns combined with Sania's powerful game made it very tough for Paes and Sania.The opening set was on serve till the ninth game. Paes was serving to stay in the set and was broken. The chance came the second seeds' way when Hingis failed to put a ball back on court on return of Dodig. On the deciding deuce point, Sania hit a forehand winner past Hingis to seal the set.Paes created a chance on Sania's serve in the third game of the second set. He pounced on a volley and hammered the ball hard beyond return. Sania and Dodig saved two break chances but the Croat buried the ball on the deciding point to hand the rivals an early break.Hingis held her serve in the next to create a 3-1 cushion. In the sixth game, Paes double faulted at 30-15 and followed that with two backhand errors to drop his serve. It was back on serve and released the pressure on Sania and Dodig.However, Hingis and Paes broke Sania immediately with Paes hitting a volley winner on Sania's return on the second breakpoint.Hingis struggled with her first serve but managed to hold for team's 5-3 lead.Dodig, who was serving extremely well, suddenly faced a breakpoint in the next game but absorbed the pressure with ease and saved two set points, closing the game with an ace.It was now Paes serving for the set and he served extremely well to take the set and force a match tie-breaker.Paes and Sania lost a point each on their serves and the two pairs were locked 4-4 but the Indo-Swiss pair zoomed to 8-6 lead with Paes winning two hard-fought points. But soon it was 8-all. Hingis smashed a backhand cross court winner to earn first match point and they sealed it when Dodig's forehand met the net.The winners split 116000 Euros as prize money while Sania and Dodig got 58000 Euros as a team.
Rise in serious trampoline injuries in children worries trauma specialists, prompts new research
Updated
Senior doctors are concerned by an increase in the number of children suffering serious injuries on trampolines, prompting new research to examine how to prevent hospitalisations.
There is an increasing number of children being admitted to hospital with serious injuries suffered on trampolines, including broken bones, head injuries and severe abdominal trauma, according to trauma specialists at Melbourne's Royal Children's Hospital.
They are so concerned by the incidence they have started a research project in conjunction with Melbourne University to study the injuries to help form injury prevention advice.
Melbourne's Royal Children's Hospital trauma director Dr Warwick Teague said the project would examine cases from home trampolines as well as trampoline play centres to see if they are contributing to the increase in severe trampoline injuries.
If you have multiple users on the trampoline, I would liken it to cage fighting. Dr Warwick Teague, director of trauma at Melbourne's Royal Children's Hospital
"We are seeing injuries that no family or child should ever be subjected to," he said.
"Our concern is high and that's why I feel there is a story to tell, otherwise we wouldn't be investing time and resources into the research project."
Dr Teague said the anecdotal evidence suggested many children were being injured when multiple were jumping on a trampoline at the same time.
"If you have multiple users on the trampoline, I would liken it to cage fighting," he said.
The study is due to be completed next year.
Doctors record increase in injuries
A decade ago, the hospital would admit about 30 children a year with serious trampoline injuries.
Last year that figure jumped to about 85 trampoline-related admissions, and Dr Teague said this year the hospital was on track to receive about 90.
Trampoline safety tips One child at a time
Supervise at all times
Always use safety padding on the frame
Check the condition — particularly for holes in the net and mat
Make sure the surrounding area is free of hazards Source: Product Safety Australia Source: Product Safety Australia
"We would estimate that a child who comes to the hospital with an injury is 75 per cent more likely to have been injured by a trampoline than they were in 2002," he said.
"The crude data suggests the highest proportion of injuries remain long bone fractures, so breaking either your arm or your leg.
"But there are also a very important number of head injuries and our anecdotal evidence is that more injuries are being sustained through collision than they were previously."
The hospital categorises "severe" injuries as requiring either an immediate response from the trauma team, an admission to the intensive care unit or treatment by multiple teams of specialists.
Dr Teague said over the past decade, he would normally see three to four severe injuries related to trampoline accidents.
"Last year we saw eight and we are on track for a further increase this year," he said.
Earlier this year, Sydney's Children's Hospital at Randwick issued a warning about a significant rise in the number of children admitted with preventable trampoline-related injuries following the opening of several indoor trampoline centres.
Safety net causing complacency, neurosurgeon says
Dr Alison Wray, a paediatric neurosurgeon at the Royal Children's Hospital, said it was possible some parents may feel more relaxed about a trampoline with a safety net and become complacent.
Dr Wray said the increasing popularity of that type of trampoline had given rise to different types of injuries.
"We now no longer see as much of the injuries caused by children falling off trampolines, but it gives a sense of complacency about the safety," she said.
"What we see is multiple children all getting on to the trampoline together, and the injuries we see are from children's collisions because there's more than one child on the trampoline at the same time.
"So it's not uncommon for them to knock heads together, we also see elbows versus head — which can be quite a nasty injury — also knees versus head, all sorts of combinations that can occur when people collide."
Dr Wray also treats children injured after tumbling out of trampolines where the safety net is unzipped, or unsecured trampolines picked up by the wind.
"Just because there are safety nets around it, doesn't mean that the situation is as safe as it could be," she said.
A parent's warning: 'Always remember to zip up your trampoline'
In late August, six-year-old Melbourne boy Edgar became one of the Royal Children's Hospital's latest patients after he fell out of a trampoline with an unzipped safety net.
His mother, Kim, said he toppled out headfirst onto bluestone bricks with nothing to break his fall.
"I heard a wail that went straight to my marrow and I knew there had been an accident," she said.
After watching her son for several hours, she put him to bed.
"I thought we were out of the woods but he vomited shortly afterwards and started vomiting quite intensively two hours later," she said.
Edgar was taken to the Royal Children's Hospital, where Kim said the doctors were concerned Edgar had fractured his skull and might have internal bleeding as he described the head injury as feeling "boggy".
A CAT scan came back clear but revealed Edgar had suffered a brain trauma.
"This was not caused by the head hitting the pavement but by the brain hitting the skull," Kim said.
I think we assume [trampolines] are safe and cram more kids on. I've been to parties where there have been 15 kids on them. Kim, mother of child who suffered a head injury
Edgar is now being monitored by the Concussion Clinic at the Murdoch Children's Research Institute that is examining the long-term repercussions of concussion in children.
Three weeks later, the six-year-old remains a little uncoordinated, occasionally muddled in his thinking and has not passed several balance tests.
But he is back at school and Kim said she felt "incredibly fortunate that this stupid accident, entirely a result of our parental negligence, didn't result in anything worse".
She said Edgar's gym teacher told her there are two lessons in life: always remember to zip up your pants and always remember to zip up your trampoline.
"It's a wonderful creed and one I would urge other parents to follow," she said.
"It's only after this sort of thing happens that one hears everyone else's horror stories and as we have had up to five children on our trampoline, a risk we would never have considered on the old sprung type I grew up on in the 1970s."
One of Kim's friends had her son lose an adult tooth and her daughter forced into plastic surgery after they collided.
"I think we assume they're safe and cram more kids on. I've been to parties where there have been 15 kids on them," she said.
"I am surprised we didn't end up at the Royal Children's Hospital with a head injury earlier."
Trauma surgeon recommends one child policy
Trauma director Dr Warwick Teague said trampolines can be safe if they are used appropriately.
"Many times, I am in a social scenario where I am the slightly awkwardly over-protective parent who takes my own children off the trampoline because there are multiple children on," he said.
"I see them bouncing backwards and forwards and they bang into each other constantly, they rumble and they tumble and kids do fight for fun and sometimes it seems to me like a cage fight.
"I could not truthfully say that my children have not all been on the trampoline at once, but their father does not approve of that and if they are found to be all on the trampoline there are significant family-imposed repercussions."
Topics: sports-injuries, children, medical-research, doctors-and-medical-professionals, melbourne-3000
First posted
EAST RUTHERFORD -- After Seattle crushed Denver 43-8 in Sunday's Super Bowl, Seahawks wide receiver Doug Baldwin crushed Cris Carter, the ESPN analyst and Hall of Fame receiver.
Baldwin did not like that Carter referred to Seattle's receivers as "appetizers."
Baldwin did not mention Carter by name, but it was clear that's who Baldwin was referring to. Baldwin also took issue with Carter's comments after Seattle beat San Francisco in the NFC Championship Game.
In his post-Super Bowl rant, delivered with a young boy standing at his side on a press conference podium, Baldwin mentioned the "appetizer" comment, and then was off and running.
"I'm not going to say any names, but he knows who he is," Baldwin said. "I respect what you did on the field. But stick to football. Stick to playing football because your analytical skills ain't up to par yet. You need to slow down, you need to go back. Because you're saying some stuff that doesn't really make sense.
"That dude that said that we were appetizers, he told me to Google him. But I didn't see any Super Bowl appearances and I also saw two losses in the conference championship. I have a Super Bowl ring and I will gladly show that to him. And if he doesn't have time to come see it, tell him he can Google it."
Later, as Baldwin spoke more about Seattle's receivers, he said, in a term of endearment, "We've got dogs over here. And if you don't know what that is, you can Google that."
Well, then.
Incidentally, Baldwin was targeted five times in the Super Bowl and caught all five passes for 66 yards and a touchdown. He led the Seahawks in catches and receiving yards on Sunday.
After the game, Baldwin also approached the press conference podium where Richard Sherman, Seattle's always vocal cornerback, was speaking.
"I just want people to know this cornerback is mediocre!" Baldwin yelled in jest.
Sherman then chimed in on the "appetizer" comment Carter made about Seattle's receivers.
"I think if anybody took a bite out of them, they'd be pretty full," he said.
Star-Ledger staff writer Mike Vorkunov contributed to this report.
Title Update 6: Patch Notes
Greetings Ghosts,
Below, you will find the patch notes for Title Update 6, which will be available on July 21st at approximately 10AM UTC for PC, Xbox One, and Playstation 4. Similar to previous updates, TU6 will include a brief maintenance period to update servers for the new version. The patch will be up to 8 GB on PC depending on your client, and up to 9.5 GB on consoles depending on the version already installed. An in-game notification will alert players when the update becomes available. Please note that players will need to reboot the game to apply the patch, and will need to have the same version of the game in order to play co-op.
Title Update 6 brings with it vast improvements to the helicopter controls and handling. We have made the helicopters not only more authentic, but easier to control. The new controls will be default, however, if you prefer to go back to the original controls, you will be able to by deactivating the default and returning to the previous set up. In addition to the controls, we have also added crosshairs for aiming, guided rockets, and other improvements that are listed below.
Along with the helicopter overhaul, Title Update 6 contains bug fixes and improvements to the game.
Title Update 6 will also usher in season three of the Live Season Challenges, with a new focus, new challenges, and new rewards! Additionally, Challenges will now include some additional gameplay parameters such as difficulty or HUD settings. You can follow along with the new episodes at the Ghost Recon Network.
Below are all the fixes and improvements we are bringing you in Title Update 6.
GAMEPLAY
- Added a new default helicopter controls, that can be deactivated in order to revert to the previous controls:
* Now the triggers control the vertical speed (LT = Vertical descending speed, RT = Vertical ascending speed)
* The left stick controls the horizontal speed (Up/Down = Forward/Backward, Left/Right = Left/Right)
* Left/Right on the right stick controls the rotation speed of the chopper
* Up/Down on the right stick controls the rotation speed of the camera (doesn't impact the helicon pitch; this gives a feeling of the player controlling the camera, and the helicopter follows the camera)
- Every helicopter now has a different behavior
* Small helicopters are very fast, very mobile, and have a high pitch
* Gunships are fast, mobile, and have a very military feeling to them
* Blackhawks are slower and more steady when handling
- Helicopters take off physics are now more realistic. Once the helicopter reaches the correct RPM, it will take off automatically
- The helicopters no longer slide while taking off
- Helicopter engine torque reacts to the player's actions (The player will be able to hear and see the engine rotors accelerating or slowing down)
- Improved destruction of helicopters on impact
*Disclaimer: The new Helicopter control scheme is not yet optimized for the Steam Controller. This may cause moving the helicopter left and right with the trackpad to be very slow.*
HUD
- While using a gatling chopper, the HUD now displays a crosshair while aiming
- While using a rocket chopper, the HUD now locks onto targets
- While using a small chopper with rockets, instead of locking, the player shoots rocket salvos
- Added a HUD display that shows the current helicopter speed and altitude
MISSIONS/NARRATION
- In "La Gringa" : -Fixed a bug where the objective marker could disappear
- In "El Chido's Agent" : -Fixed a bug preventing missions completion if the agent gets alerted
USER INTERFACE
- Fixed a bug where the “Down” symbol wouldn't always appear
AUDIO
- Player will hear helicopter engines speeding up and slowing down upon accelerating/decelerating
WORLD
- Fixed some zones where player could not climb
FALLEN GHOSTS
- Fixed a bug where some rebel skills wouldn't be displayed on the HUD
- Fixed a bug where some elements in the TacMap and the Los Extranjeros tab would be stretched on the ultra-wide aspect ratio displays
PC
- Fixed a bug causing the Tier 1 “Activation” button to not be clickable when using a mouse
- Fixed a bug causing some menu elements to be stretched when using an ultra-wide resolution (2560x1080, 3440x1440) in the Fallen Ghost DLC
- Fixed an issue that cause scrolling through a list while having a tile selected and moving the cursor away would reset the list to the selected tile
We are grateful for your continued passion for Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands. The dev team will continue working on the game to bring you even more updates in the future!
For more intel on Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands, please keep an eye on ghostrecon.com and be sure to visit our official forums as well as the subreddit.
To keep track of your stats and find other Ghosts to join your Taskforce, log-in to the Ghost Recon Network and download the Ghost Recon HQ App (iOS - Android).
SAN FRANCISCO – Microsoft produced a surprisingly strong quarter to start the year, pleasing investors looking forward to even bigger things from the software maker's much-anticipated overhaul of Windows operating system next fall.
The performance announced Thursday defied the conventional thinking that Microsoft would have trouble selling more Windows licenses as more people snapped up tablet computers, such as Apple Inc.'s trendsetting iPad, while other prospective personal computer buyers delayed making their purchases until the next version of Microsoft's operating system hits the market.
That didn't turn out to be the case during the three months ending in March as revenue at Microsoft's Windows division edged up by 4% from last year to $4.6 billion. Microsoft attributed the gain to an uptick in businesses who bought licenses for Windows 7. It marked only the second time in the past six quarters that Microsoft has registered a year-over-year gain in the Windows division.
"We're driving toward exciting launches across the entire company, while delivering strong financial results," said Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer.
High hopes are riding on the revamped system, Windows 8, because Microsoft designed it to run on devices that can be controlled by touch, as well as keyboards and computer mice. That means Windows 8 can serve a dual purpose: it could help spur the development of sleeker PCs that spur more sales and also give Microsoft a chance to grab a piece of the rapidly growing tablet computer market.
Although Microsoft hasn't announced a target date yet, most analysts believe Windows 8 will go on sale in September or October.
Microsoft Corp. earned $5.1 billion, or 60 cents per share, during the period marking first three months of the year — the Redmond, Wash company's fiscal third quarter. That was a 2% decline from net income of $5.2 billion, or 61 cents per share, a year ago.
Last year's results were boosted by a tax benefit of $461 million, or 5 cents per share.
Revenue rose 6% from last year to $17.4 billion
Analysts had anticipated earnings of 58 cents per share on revenue of $17.2 billion, according to a FactSet survey.
Microsoft's shares gained 87 cents, or nearly 3%, to $31.88 in Thursday's extended trading.
While the Windows division held up better than expected, one of Microsoft's recent strongholds weakened. The deterioration occurred in the entertainment division as Microsoft's shipments of its Xbox 360 video game console plunged by nearly 50% to 1.4 million units. The sagging demand occurred as more people are playing games on phones and tablet computers. Revenue in the entertainment division declined 16% from last year to $1.6 billion.
Microsoft's long-suffering online division, which has struggled for years to compete against Internet search leader Google Inc., managed to narrow its losses in the latest quarter. The division, which includes its Bing search engine, posted an operating loss of $479 million compared to a loss of $776 million at the same time last year. Microsoft's online revenue totaled $707 million, a 6% increase. By comparison, Google's revenue during the same period surged by 24%.
CTVNews.ca Staff
As partygoers were ringing in the New Year across the Greater Toronto Area, a Mississauga mom was busy giving birth to twin daughters. And though the twins were born eight minutes apart, they'll share different birthdays – and different birth years.
Proud mom Lindsay Salguiero delivered the last baby of 2013 at Mississauga's Credit Valley Hospital before giving birth to the first baby of 2014.
Baby Gabriela was born shortly before midnight, weighing seven pounds, while her sister Sophia waited until the New Year, arriving 38 seconds after midnight at five pounds and 15 ounces.
“They are getting all the attention,” Salguiero told CTV News Channel from her hospital bed. “They were the last baby here in the hospital to be (born) for the year and the first one of the year also.”
The fraternal twins came as a surprise to Salguiero and her husband as the couple's due date was not expected to arrive until Jan. 19.
Salguiero, who also has two boys, says the girls are healthy and doing well. The proud new mom said she is excited to get back to normal.
“I'm so relieved that I got my belly out of the way and I'm back to normal now,” she joked.
Despite her speedy delivery, Baby Sophia is not the GTA's first baby of the New Year. That title goes to two other newborns who both entered the world at exactly 12 a.m. – albeit via different mothers.
James John Kennady was delivered right as the clock struck midnight at Rouge Valley Centenary hospital in Scarborough while seven-pound baby girl Jenna arrived at North York General Hospital at the same time.
And St. Michael's first baby of 2014 was delivered two minutes after midnight, while Mount Sinai Hospital delivered a baby boy one hour into the year, at 1:01 a.m.
Throughout his campaign and subsequent victory tour, our 45th president-to-be promised to make some major government changes, and judging by his inauguration alone, he means to keep his word. Today, as Donald Trump was officially sworn into the White House, he made history by becoming the first president ever to place his entire face on the Bible during the oath of office.
It looks like Donald Trump is already shaking up Washington!
At exactly 12 p.m. PST this morning, the president-elect descended the steps of the U.S. Capitol Building and stopped at a podium before Chief Justice John Roberts, where he immediately leaned over and placed his face on the Bible. As Roberts commenced the oath, Trump raised his right hand above his hunched body and repeated the words with his lips pressed to the Bible in a muffled, garbled tone. Trump then kept his whole face firmly planted on the cover of the book throughout the entire oath. At its conclusion, the newly sworn-in president lowered his hand, stood back up, and took a deep breath amid raucous applause.
Advertisement
Wow. This is definitely the kind of revolutionary thinking you get when you elect a Washington outsider! Would some career politician controlled by the establishment have smashed his face into Abraham Lincoln's Bible before Congress, the Senate, and the entire nation for the first time ever? Needless to say, this is a historic moment for our government, and we have Donald Trump to thank!
Trump has already used his inauguration to make a bold statement about the future of his presidency in more ways than one. Now that his face is back off the Bible after this incredible milestone, it's time to wait and see what he shakes up next!
I'm very bad at getting rid of books. As a child I argued with increasing shrillness, eventually resorting to night-raids on crates marked for disposal, to preserve long-outgrown picture books and baby reading (I feel slightly vindicated now that my daughter is enjoying my faded, fraying Mog books and Ahlbergs. But moving day, alas, draws on apace, as doth the evil hour when I'll have to take the shears to my sprawling collection in earnest. I can save most of the children's books (again) by the simple expedient of shoving them onto the littl'un's shelf – she can't argue convincingly yet – and calling them hers. Multiple copies, junk-food reads and substantial classics I'll admit, with a sigh of shamed relief, that I'm never going to get round to reading - charity shop ho, my chicks.
The prospect of purging talismanic texts, though – books I'm unlikely ever to open again, but which I superstitiously believe exhale helpful knowledge or distilled memory – is harder. These finger-prickling, magical objects include several cloth-bound volumes of Latin poetry, ancient stock bought secondhand or absent-mindedly liberated from school bookcases (sorry, Mrs McDonough). A few proclaim via age-spotted plates that they were speech-day prizes for diligent girls and boys. I'm never going to sit down and study them again, unless I slip through a timewarp and get the Pro Plus palpitations retaking my finals. But I might, in some unspecific emergency, still need them. And I love them, even unopened. I remember that some have careful, bowdlerising glosses, fitting rude and sparkling verse for the innocent eye of youth – some even resort to asterisks in particularly racy sections. They are old and crumbly and useless, their dye comes off on your fingers, and they're leaving my collection over my dead body.
Other books I could never consign to the recycling include half a dozen scribbled and maltreated play scripts, bent backwards, frantically doodled and defaced into illegibility; entirely useless for reading, but transporting me instantly to the rehearsal room with one glimpse of their covers. Like the Latin books, they're no longer texts so much as tiny time machines – handling them zips me back with a jolt to obsessions with the precise length of a Pinter "pause" as opposed to "silence'" or weighing up how many lamb's hearts you need to last a week-long run of 'Tis Pity She's a Whore, with two matinees. (The answer is one per performance - otherwise they work down the blade, or go off and knock out the front three rows with their stench.)
As I begin packing up my books – or rather, sit cross-legged and read between guilty, frenetic bursts of packing – I know another pile of talismanic volumes will appear at my elbow. Which are your talismanic books, never opened now but never to be disposed of? And what do they represent?
This vision of what a multi-purpose arena for Christchurch might look like was released this week.It comes from the MPA Trust, chaired by former Olympic hockey player and International Olympic Committee member Barry Maister.
Christchurch has its first glimpse of what its new stadium could look like.
It is a video for a multi-use arena with facilities including exhibition and conference centre, cafes, bars, offices and hotels; sports-related features such as medical facilities, gym, sauna and high performance centre – even a monorail. It is just an idea, its creators say, but a vision for what the city could one day have.
The Multi-purpose Arena Trust (MPA) has worked on ideas for such a precinct since last year. It presented the concept video to Christchurch city councillors last week.
THOM CRAIG ARCHITECT The Multi-purpose Arena trust's vision for a new stadium, including retractable roof, in Christchurch.
READ MORE:
* Canterbury rugby bosses criticise council for lack of action on Lancaster Park replacement
* New Christchurch stadium could be built sooner than expected
* Government enters negotiations to buy remaining land for new Christchurch stadium
* Canterbury rugby will not pay to help build a stadium in Christchurch
* Lancaster Park to be deconstructed in December, future-use remains unclear
* New Christchurch stadium 'on hold', Crown waiting on council to reiterate support
"We have laid out a whole series of possible options as part of a concept of how a true multi-purpose stadium could work for Christchurch," MPA chairman Barry Maister​ said.
"We've put things in. They're not costed, they're not tested, they're simply ideas."
THOM CRAIG ARCHITECT The arena will be built between Madras, Barbadoes, Tuam and Cashel streets.
MPA's priority was to hasten stadium development, he said.
"If we started this stadium right now it would be four to five years before it actually appears. That's 2022. That's a long time after the earthquake."
Immediate progress rests with another trust – the Christchurch Stadium Trust, which owns the temporary AMI Stadium in Addington. It will conduct a pre-feasibility study and report back to the Government and council by the end of July. The brief, released this week, includes identifying key trade-offs "in light of current committed funding", assessing the ideal stadium size and configuration and short-listing the most promising options for other site facilities.
"Any potential development will likely need to be a multi-use sports and entertainment venue to maximise opportunities for regional, national and international events," Greater Christchurch Regeneration Minister Nicky Wagner said.
Maister hoped the two trusts could work together. They already met Christchurch Stadium trustees Neville Harris and Trevor Thornton to share what they had, he said.
"It's totally up to them.
"I've sent an invitation for their trust to meet with our trust so we can just have a chat and see how we might be able to help.."
He hoped the study would produce some concepts for what the council and Government wanted – and could do.
"The next stage might be that the Government determines it wants to put together a small group to make one of them happen . . . we'd like to be part of those groups. We think we've got something to offer, but if we're not [involved], it doesn't matter."
The stadium would be built on land acquired by the Crown between Madras, Barbadoes, Tuam and Cashel streets. The council has committed $250 million to the project.
​Cost has been an ongoing issue. The stadium was first envisioned as an anchor project in the central Christchurch blueprint in 2012. It was earmarked for completion this year, in time for the British and Irish Lions tour, but slipped down the political agenda. The council pushed out the spending over three financial years from 2022-23, but Mayor Lianne Dalziel recently said there was a chance this could be brought forward. The council would consult with ratepayers before doing so, she said.
"This . . . study will enable us to explore ways of ensuring that it will not be a burden on ratepayers in the way it could have been if it was just a sporting stadium."
Federal education authorities, staking out their firmest position yet on an increasingly contentious issue, found Monday that an Illinois school district violated anti-discrimination laws when it did not allow a transgender student who identifies as a girl and participates on a girls' sports team to change and shower in the girls' locker room without restrictions.
The Department of Education's office of civil rights says that a disguised boy has been discriminated against because he is not allowed to shower naked with girls .
The Education Department gave 30 days to the officials of Township High School District 211 to reach a solution or face enforcement, which could include administrative law proceedings or a Justice Department court action. The district could lose some or all of its Title IX funding. In a letter sent Monday, the Office for Civil Rights of the Department of Education told the Palatine district that requiring a transgender student to use private changing and showering facilities was a violation of that student's rights under Title IX, a federal law that bans sex discrimination. The student, who identifies as female but was born male, should be given unfettered access to girls' facilities, the letter said.
The boy should be given unfettered access to naked girls. What's confusing about that?
The district said she was allowed to change inside the girls' locker room, but only behind a curtain. The student, who has not been publicly identified, has said she would probably use that curtain to change. But she and the federal government have insisted that she be allowed to make that decision voluntarily, and not because of requirements by the district.
That's right! The boy should decide whether he gets to see the other girls naked and show them his private parts.
“What our client wants is not hard to understand:She wants to be accepted for who she is and to be treated with dignity and respect — like any other student,” said John Knight, director of the L.G.B.T. and H.I.V. Project of the American Civil Liberties Union of Illinois[.]
The boy just wants a little dignity and respect – just like any other boy who wants to see girls naked in close quarters!
All kidding aside, this is sick, and this is perverted, and this perversion is being coercively pushed by the highest levels of government. This is not about the "dignity" of this arrogant, perverted boy, who was given his own changing room. He demands to see naked girls and for naked girls to see his male body, and he doesn't care about anyone's "dignity" or "respect" but his own.
If you click through to the comment section of the Times article, you will see that even most liberals are horrified by this. Most people hate this kind of extreme leftism, with girls staging walkouts rather than letting disguised boys watch them undress.
This is an enormous opening for Republicans. Who is waging the "war on women" now? It is radical Democrats pushing for girls to be exposed to naked men. Now Hillary Clinton has become a born-again transvestite supporter. Would it really be hard for a Republican in a debate to turn to her and say, "Mrs. Clinton, do you really want girls to be forced to expose themselves to boys in locker rooms?"
It's indefensible. It sounds like a small issue compared to illegal immigration and the debt, but I think a candidate who focuses on this could destroy Clinton's credibility. Unfortunately, while this topic has been much in the news, most of the Republican candidates have been quiet about it. I wonder why.
This article was written by Ed Straker, senior writer of NewsMachete.com, the conservative news site.
GOP nominee Donald Trump believes that “large scale voter fraud” to "rig" the election for Hillary Clinton is already underway, and he's hired a top Republican operative known for his shady tactics to be in charge of the candidate's legion of volunteer poll watchers on Election Day.
The Guardian reported on Tuesday that Trump has hired Mike Roman, who's best known for releasing a 2008 video of apparent voter intimidation outside a polling place in Philadelphia that sparked months of Fox News freak outs about the New Black Panthers.
Roman has also worked as a cog in the Koch brothers' intelligence gathering machine, which one former official described to Politico as being “like the CIA.” And he has contributed to Breitbart, the alt-right website that both works as a de facto communications arm of the Trump campaign—and supplies its top executives.
Trump has for months suggested the results of the November election would be “rigged” against him and recently insisted—without any evidence—that Democrats are rushing to register dead people and undocumented immigrants before election day.
Oscar-nominated actor Benedict Cumberbatch has joined others in calling for the British government to pardon gay and bisexual men convicted in the past under the defunct "gross indecency" law.
Their letter published Saturday in the Guardian praises the government for the 2013 pardon of the Second World War code breaker Alan Turing, whom Cumberbatch portrays in the movie The Imitation Game.
Turing, who played a vital role in breaking the German wartime code, was praised by Winston Churchill as having made "the single biggest contribution" to the Allied victory in the Second World War.
But Turing, a gay man in an era when homosexuality was illegal, was convicted of gross indecency in 1952 and committed suicide two years later.
These events are at the core of The Imitation Game, which chronicles the role Turing played in cracking the Germans' Enigma code machine. It has been nominated for eight Academy Awards, including best picture and best actor for Cumberbatch's performance.
49,000 men convicted
Turing was pardoned by Queen Elizabeth at the recommendation of the government, but the letter points out that 49,000 other men convicted under the same law also merit pardons.
"The U.K.'s homophobic laws made the lives of generations of gay and bisexual men intolerable," the letter said.
The letter was also signed by Rachel Barnes, Turing's niece; Morten Tyldum, director of The Imitation Game, actor Stephen Fry and longtime rights campaigner Peter Tatchell.
The letter calls on Prince William, his wife Kate and other "young leaders of today" to take steps to pardon all of the men, including an estimated 15,000 thought to still be alive.
A spokesman for the royal couple said they wouldn't make any public comment on the issue because it's a government matter.
Thousands have signed an online petition calling for mass pardons.
Unfortunately, one Brazilian reporter did just that in a press junket with Uzo Aduba (Suzanne ‘Crazy Eyes' Warren), Natasha Lyonne (Nicky Nichols) and Samira Wiley (Poussey Washington). And boy did they cut him down to size.
When Aduba began to explain that there are several male characters in OITNB, Cortez interrupted her to say, "I'm talking about guys, men, rawr! Wanna see my muscles?"
Aduba cut him down with a curt, "No."
Cortez dug an even deeper hole for himself when he sat down with Lyonne and Wiley and asked them whether it was difficult to be pretty and have to act at the same time because of all the cat fights the women must have on set. Obviously.
Wiley told him he was talking about stereotypes rather than real women, whereas Lyonne just mocked him, reassuring the hapless interviewer that "Despite the great beauty on set everyone is professional and talented".
In the annals of shareholder democracy, it's hard to imagine a more compelling case against a company's directors than those who presided over the serial management calamities that have plagued the computer giant Hewlett-Packard in recent years.
Imagine having to run on this track record:
¶ After ousting Mark Hurd as chief executive in 2010 amid messy accusations of sexual harassment, the board hired Léo Apotheker to replace him, even though Mr. Apotheker had been fired as chief of the European software giant SAP after just seven rocky months. Most of the board didn't bother to meet Mr. Apotheker, let alone ask him any probing questions about his tenure at SAP, before rubber-stamping the choice of the board's four-member search committee.
¶ In 2011, H.P.'s directors unanimously approved the acquisition of the British software maker Autonomy for $11.1 billion, a deal that was considered wildly overpriced even at the time. Less than a year later, H.P. wrote off $8.8 billion of that and claimed it had been defrauded. (Autonomy officials have denied the allegations, which are being investigated by authorities in both the United States and Britain.) Some consider Autonomy to be the worst corporate acquisition in business history. In the 2012 fiscal year, H.P. wrote off a total of $18 billion related to failed acquisitions and other missteps.
¶ With Mr. Apotheker at the helm and the board backing his strategic initiatives, H.P. announced that it was considering abandoning its giant personal computer business, then changed its mind. After Mr. Apotheker had been on the job a disastrous 11 months, the board demanded his resignation, and then paid him more than $13 million in termination benefits.
How to define the concept of socialism? In the late 19th and early 20th centuries the most common definition was probably “social ownership of the means of production.” Since then, the terms applicability has grown substantially. European social democracies are popularly called socialist, or at least socialistic, and even Obama has been accused of following a socialist platform. Given how the word has been thrown around as a means of disparaging policies and ideologies that don't represent the conservative agenda, most serious scholars have retreated into just accepting as socialist whoever wants to be called socialist. I've become increasingly convinced, though, that to think of socialism as an economic concept or system is untenable, and that instead socialism represents a — in my controversial opinion, dangerous — moral and political ideology.
Why has the definition of socialism shifted so much over the years? I have my theory. Even as far back as the late 19th century (particularly, in countries like Germany) there was a growing intellectual affinity with the socialist ideology. This is represented by the growing popularity of social democracy. Social democracy can be interpreted as a middle-of-the-road political program, but this is only useful if we assume the program to be static. Different political leaders have a wide variety of intentions, but it shouldn't be controversial that the main motivation behind the early social democratic movement was the appeal of socialism — although, it's important to consider the possibility that the precise shape that social democracy took is representative of both socialist inclinations and resistance to this ideology. Since immediate, dramatic social changes were unlikely, socialist sympathizers in western European countries instead adopted a piecemeal approach. But, given this connection between social democracy and socialism there was a flourishing in the political literature that warned of the dangers of socialism and the possibility that piecemeal social democracy can potentially (or, some argued, inevitably) lead to full socialism.
Some of the more well known examples of this literature include F.A. Hayek's The Road to Serfdom, Karl Popper's The Open Society and its Enemies, and Ludwig von Mises' Omnipotent Government. While some of the authors were light social democrats (e.g. Hayek and Popper) and others were old liberals (e.g. Mises), these writings appealed to a renascent conservative movement. They were used by conservatives to oppose liberal legislation, and the term “socialist” soon began to be applied to whatever that person could build a connection with the communist socialism of the Soviet Union. In other words, the broader use of “socialism” was a natural outgrowth of the relationship between the socialism of intellectuals like Karl Marx, social democratic sympathizers, and the policies this second group began to pressure into existence.
Should we adopt the economic definition (social ownership of the means of production) or just accept that the word has lost much of its a priori meaning? The appeal of the economic definition is that there is a battery of well developed economic theory that convincingly argues for the deficiencies of socialism. The most well known critique is the incentives one, but the most damning is the calculation critique developed by Ludwig von Mises and Friedrich Hayek. When it comes to piecemeal interventionism, though, economists are much more divided as to what economic theory has to say. Most economists are probably in the middle and there is a well developed theoretical body that supports specific interventions: countercyclical stimulus, the provision of public goods, anti-monopoly legislation, the subsidization of specific information markets, et cetera. So, if socialism has already been refuted as a viable social organization, but interventionism hasn't, there develops this dichotomy between the two that is at the root of the confusion as to where to draw the line.
I propose to drop the capitalism–socialism dichotomy, because it draws attention away from what all these issues really pertain to. Before making my point, allow me to provide some context by laying out my own way of seeing things. There is this entity we know as society, which is a collection of individuals which conjointly develop institutions and organizations, whether intentionally or unintentionally (“spontaneously”), that provide order. As society develops it becomes more complex, and this complexity, at least in part, represents the growing sophistication of order-establishing institutions and organizations.
Directly relevant to our discussion here is the development of money, and consequently prices. One issue that plagued early societies was that the allocation of resources was made difficult by the lack of access to these resources. Even if the required economic goods existed somewhere, there were high costs to transacting: you had to find a willing seller, and that seller had to be interested in what you could provide in return. The appearance of money helped assuage this issue by providing a medium of exchange that can be traded for just about anything, reducing the uncertainty attached to selling your produce in return for goods that don't directly satisfy your wants. Money, in turn, made possible the formation of prices denominated in terms of the general medium of exchange, making simpler methods of profit and loss accounting possible. As Mises would say, money and money prices make economic calculation possible. And, for our purposes, money helped develop the institution we now know as “the market.”
Money and money prices are just part of one example, but the point I want to make is that when we talk about coordination we're talking about coordination within a specific institutional framework. This framework has been developed over time, and continues developing. The more developed it is, the more complex it is. For instance, banks went from being simple money warehouses, to financial intermediaries, to forming clearinghouses, to broadening finance to other types of firms and financial assets, et cetera. The institutions around banking developed concurrently: the sophistication of the checks and balances increased. An even better example is the structure of production more generally. The great wealth that the modern structure of production bestows upon us is the product of centuries of economic development, capital accumulation, and institutional advancement. Other cases include the institutions of governance and justice (law), property rights, et cetera.
From this point of view it makes sense to drop the term “capitalism,” except as convenient shorthand. What we know as capitalism is really the prevailing web of coordination. The powerful critique of socialism developed by Mises can be rephrased to put it in the context of the last few paragraphs: socialism attempts to replace the means of coordination of the present system. But doing this without changing institutions in such a way to make alternative means of coordination possible means eliminating the processes of coordination altogether. Thus, socialism must lead to capital decumulation, intense discoordination, and, ultimately, social retrogression — it coercively nullifies the benefits of thousands of years of social progress.
Admittedly, Karl Marx's formulation doesn't suffer this pitfall. As I understand it, Marx believed that social development would one day lead to the establishment of the communist system. We could rephrase this as claiming that one day the right institutions will be in place to make coordination possible in a world where the means of production have no specific owner. The problem with Marx's theory is that it's essentially speculation. It is unscientific in that Marx doesn't provide a good causal process by which such a system will arise. As such, as far as we know, it's just as likely that social development will go in the opposite direction.
In any case, this is my case for dropping the terms “capitalism” and “socialism” altogether when talking about social organization. There is a complex web of processes of coordination which are developed over time, and continue to develop, and the problem with socialism is that it disrupts this coordination. The same would be true of capitalism, if some capitalist intellectual wanted to implement some kind of designed changes to the existing coordinating mechanisms of exchange. The same is true of interventionism, which actively changes these coordinating mechanisms: thus why fiduciary overexpansion leads to intertemporal discoordination (or the misallocation of the means of production and consumers' goods), or why price controls also lead to the misallocation of resources.
When we talk about different proposed systems of organization we should recognize these as distinctly political, or ideological, concepts, and we must judge them based on how much they respect the prevailing institutional reality. This is a more sophisticated way of saying what Mises would have phrased as follows: we judge an idea by whether it can really achieve the ends it proposed. This is because the achievement of particular ends is largely decided by “forces” exogenous to the planner, that is by the institutional framework that defines the processes of social coordination. We can say that system a or b will come into existence in the future, but this is largely speculative and, in my opinion, is an activity without much value. The social scientist, instead, should stick to explaining how what we know works — more science and less engineering. There is a degree of undue nihilism here, because if institutions change what should stop us from helping to change them? I'm not suggesting that we humans are shackled to the inevitable forces of institutional change. But, there are reasons to prefer certain processes of change over others. This, however, is a topic for another day.
Dynamic Linking
“I tend to think the drawbacks of dynamic linking outweigh the advantages for many (most?) applications.” – John Carmack
All the purported benefits of dynamic linking (aka., ‘shared libraries', which is a misnomer as static linking also shares libraries) are myths while it creates great (and often ignored) problems.
Both performance and security are seriously harmed by dynamic linking, but the damage caused by the huge complexity created by dynamic linking is extensive in almost all areas (the term ‘dll hell' is just one example of the many hells created in dynamic linking environments).
And versioning symbols only bring you to a deeper level of hell.
From: Rob Pike <robpike@gmail.com> Subject: mmap and shared libraries Date: Wed, 5 Nov 2008 17:23:54 -0800 When Sun reported on their first implementation of shared libraries, the paper they presented (I think it was at Usenix) concluded that shared libraries made things bigger and slower, that they were a net loss, and in fact that they didn't save much disk space either. The test case was Xlib, the benefit negative. But the customer expects us to do them so we'll ship it. So yes, every major operating system implements them but that does not mean they are a good idea. Plan 9 was designed to ignore at least some of the received wisdom. -rob
From: Geoff Collyer <geoff@collyer.net> To: 9fans Subject: Virtual memory & paging Date: Mon, 4 Feb 2002 02:38:16 -0800 There isn't a copy of the entire C library in every binary. There is a copy of each library routine called, directly or indirectly, by the program in question. Sharing of instructions is done at the granularity of process text segments, as in V6 or V7 Unix. The text segment of a process that forks is shared between parent and child by page mapping. Also, running (via exec) a program multiple times concurrently causes the (pure) text segment to be shared by page mapping across those processes. So all copies of rc and on a machine should share a text segment. Given that degree of sharing, the low cost of RAM, and the increase in OS complexity, slowness and insecurity in the implementations of dynamic libraries that I've seen, I don't see a need for dynamic libraries. (Remember that the real impetus for adding them to Unix was X11 and its big and badly-factored libraries, which most of us aren't blessed with.) My terminal has 115 processes; all but 4 of them share their text segment with at least one other process, usually more. 74 of them are instances of rio, Mail, rc, acme, listen, plumber and samterm. A CPU server has 141 processes; all but 2 share text. 80 of them are listened, another 21 are rc, exportfs, kfs, dns and consolefs. A quick sampling suggests that Plan 9 programs are typically smaller than FreeBSD/386 programs even with shared libraries. Here are some FreeBSD sizes: : unix; size /bin/cat /bin/ed /usr/bin/awk /usr/X11/bin/sam text data bss dec hex filename 54188 4324 9760 68272 10ab0 /bin/cat 122835 8772 81920 213527 34217 /bin/ed 135761 4772 15756 156289 26281 /usr/bin/awk 52525 1412 53448 107385 1a379 /usr/X11/bin/sam Of those, awk and sam use shared libraries. The corresponding Plan 9 sizes are: ; cd /bin; size cat ed awk sam 15996t + 2208d + 944b = 19148 cats 45964t + 4212d + 41232b = 91408 ed 114731t + 35660d + 12040b = 162431 awk 86574t + 7800d + 66240b = 160614 sam and the Plan 9 programs cope with Unicode and UTF.
<btdn> I never, for the life of me, understand why people like dynamic linking. <aiju> btdn: for the very same reason they believe in god
vadaszi:
I request dlopen() to be added to the 'harmful' list, since it breaks the assumptions of static linking (e.g. you expect the binary to be portable across linux distributions, but by using dlopen() some weird assertion break the binary when using a differeng glibc version). Happened to me when using the ghc haskell compiler, even statically linked binaries won't work across linux distributions or glibc versions.
Links
"Fear of everything" redirects here. For the 2011 British film, see A Fantastic Fear of Everything
The Physiognomy of Mental Diseases. A woman diagnosed with panphobia, from Alexander Morison 's 1843 book
Panphobia, omniphobia, pantophobia, or panophobia is a vague and persistent dread of some unknown evil.[1] Panphobia is not registered as a type of phobia in medical references.
History
The term panphobia was first coined by Théodule-Armand Ribot in his 1911 work The Psychology of the Emotions.[2] He defined it as "a state in which a patient fears everything or nothing, where anxiety, instead of being riveted on one object, floats as in a dream, and only becomes fixed for an instant at a time, passing from one object to another, as circumstances may determine." The term comes from the Greek πᾶν - pan, neuter of "πᾶς" - pas, "all"[3] and φόβος - phobos, "fear".[4] The Greek root word pan (ex. pan-ic) describes "the unpleasant state inflicted by the intervention of the god Pan."[2] Pan is characterized as a human–animal hybrid who "appeared as the agent of panic fear (that collective, animal-like disorder that seizes military camps at rest, especially at night) and of a form of individual possession (panolepsy)."[5] According to Herodotus, it was Pan who was able to lead the Athenians to victory in the Battle of Marathon, forcing the Persians to flee.[2] It has been argued that pantophobia may actually be considered the more accurate name to describe the non-specificity associated with a fear of all.[2]
Diagnosis
There is no specific phobia in the DSM-5 which provides criteria for an all-encompassing fear of everything, though the defining symptom for generalized anxiety disorder in this manual is "excessive anxiety and worry (apprehensive expectation) about a number of events or activities." Another very relatable state of mind is paranoia, in which one fears that unknown threats could, and most likely will, come from anyone, with distrust potentially leading to a loss of touch with reality. Delusional disorder is a more severe form of this type of disorder. Relevant academic literature may point to panphobia as merely a piece of such more complex states of mental disorder. Pseudoneurotic schizophrenia may be diagnosable in patients who, in addition to panphobia, also exhibit symptoms of pananxiety, panambivalence, and to a lesser extent, chaotic sexuality.[6] These persons differ from generalized anxiety sufferers in that they have "free-floating anxiety that rarely subsides" and are clinically diagnosable as having borderline personality disorder in the DSM-IV-TR. No significant changes related to this personality disorder were made in transitioning to the DSM-5, suggesting the diagnostic criteria are still appropriate.[7]
See also
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
When, during last summer, we sat down and made our plans for this season, we had in our minds an ideal shape, squad and team for the coming season.
Up to now, because of various reasons, we have never had the opportunity of picking that preferred squad and team. But on Saturday at Burnley, barring last-minute and unforeseen problems, we will have that rare luxury.
Of our senior squad, everyone should be available, apart from James Collins and Domingos Quina.
Okay, there are players like Pedro Obiang and Edimilson Fernandes, who have only been back with us this week, but at least they are injury-free.
During the international break, we gave the players who were still with us a few days off, but then — especially with Michail Antonio and Manuel Lanzini, who had recently returned from injury — we concentrated heavily on fitness work.
That strength in our squad now gives me many reasons to be positive as we go to Burnley and then beyond. Between the international breaks, we earned seven points from a possible 12, won in the Carabao Cup and kept four clean sheets.
So, are we improving? Definitely. Was it always good to watch? No, but the aim now is to maintain that compactness but be more expansive. With the players we have available, I am sure we can do that.
All these things together are making this place, this club, this squad more confident. So, now I have to make decisions on who plays and who doesn't. That is not always nice, but it is impossible to keep everyone happy long term. It's way better, though, than having no options.
As a player, I can remember being left out only a few times. I recall when I played for Karlsruher in Germany, I had a dip in form and was left out for a few games. Okay, I didn't like it, but I waited for my chance. I can only remember one other occasion, when I was at Everton.
In Pictures | West Ham's summer signings | 2017-18 5 show all In Pictures | West Ham's summer signings | 2017-18 1/5 Javier Hernandez West Ham United via Getty Images 2/5 Marko Arnautovic West Ham United via Getty Images 3/5 Sead Haksabanovic West Ham United via Getty Images 4/5 Pablo Zabaleta West Ham United via Getty Images 5/5 Joe Hart AFP/Getty Images 1/5 Javier Hernandez West Ham United via Getty Images 2/5 Marko Arnautovic West Ham United via Getty Images 3/5 Sead Haksabanovic West Ham United via Getty Images 4/5 Pablo Zabaleta West Ham United via Getty Images 5/5 Joe Hart AFP/Getty Images
It was different then, though. Yes, players would be moaning about being left out, they would be angry, they would be wanting to ask the manager why. It was always like that and it has always been an issue for the manager, how to tell the players, how to deal with that situation.
What has given the players more strength, perhaps, is now there is so much more fuss about things like that. When I was left out of the team, there was maybe a small piece in the newspapers, but not big TV debates and hundreds of comments on social media. All that has put the players in a stronger position and they are taking notice of all those who are asking, “Why have you been left out?” That is how it is, though. It is my job to make those kinds of decisions and, as long as you do it honestly and fairly, I don't believe anyone can ask for more.
Diafra Sakho will be in the squad for tomorrow. He is in good shape, he is in a good state of mind and he is pain-free.
Yes, he could have moved on during the summer — and he wanted to do that — but it didn't happen and, since then, he has reacted well. I have a good relationship with him. He is open and honest and I have to 100 per cent ignore all the history and judge him by what he does on the pitch and in training. I talk to him a little, but I decided to ignore what might happen in the future. With him, I go day by day, week to week.
Burnley have made a good start, especially away. They are a very good team in a positive British way. They will pass if they can, but they can also play direct if under pressure.
Their manager, Sean Dyche, is getting the plaudits and they are thoroughly deserved.
Walmart's big push to appeal to patriotic shoppers was just delivered a setback.
The giant retailer was forced to remove “Made in the USA” logos from its e-commerce site after an inquiry by the Federal Trade Commission into its labeling.
The FTC said in a letter to Walmart‘s associate general counsel posted on the FTC's website on Tuesday, that it would not pursue action against Walmart (WMT) because the retailer had taken voluntary steps to “prevent consumer deception.” Those included removing “Made in USA” logos from product listings on its website and removing U.S. country of origin claims that appeared in product descriptions or titles. In some cases it is also making more detailed disclosures regarding the percentage of U.S. content contained in the product.
Two years ago, Walmart announced its intention to source an additional $250 billion worth of U.S-made goods over the following decade, part of a campaign to improve its reputation as a corporate citizen. The strategy also has a sound business case: a Consumer Reports survey this year found 80% of Americans prefer to buy Made-in-the-USA products when possible.
This summer, watchdog group Truth in Advertising said it found more than 100 examples of items labeled with a “Made in the U.S.A.” logo on Walmart's web site that misled consumers. At the time, a Walmart spokesman told CBS that “a small percentage of items” were mislabeled because of coding errors.
“We're committed to reviewing and strengthening our processes to help ensure customers have a great experience on our website and can find the products and information they are looking for,” Walmart said in a statement to Fortune in response to the FTC decision.
NewsEnd of Life
LOS ANGELES, California, August 26, 2016 (LifeSiteNews) — After months of going to extraordinary lengths to fight for their child's life, a California family lost their young son after his life support was pulled.
Israel Stinson died Thursday when Children's Hospital Los Angeles removed him from life support after a Los Angeles Superior Court judge dissolved the latest restraining order keeping him alive. The family was in the process of filing a court appeal, but the hospital took the two-year-old off life support anyway.
The recent handing of Israel's care and the shocking way in which his life ended was bizarre and awful, an attorney for his family told LifeSiteNews.
Alexandra Snyder, executive director for the Life Legal Defense Foundation (LLDF), said it became increasingly clear during the few short weeks Israel was at the hospital where he came for treatment that the intent all along was to disconnect him from his life support. Not only did the hospital pull Israel's life support against the family's wishes while they were in the midst of filing an appeal, his mother and father were told to leave their son's side in the hospital upon his death.
“As soon as it happened, they told the parents to leave, to get out of the hospital,” Snyder told LifeSiteNews, “which means they could not properly say goodbye to their son. It was just horrendous.”
“There's got to be a better way to do this,” she said.
Israel came to Children's Hospital Los Angeles the first week of August after spending the previous two-plus months in a Guatemala hospital, airlifted there in late May to avoid withdrawal of his life support at Kaiser Permanente Hospital in Sacramento, California, which was near his home and had declared him “brain dead.”
The family fought the Kaiser facility for weeks to keep their son alive while searching for long-term care elsewhere after he suffered a severe asthma attack in early April that resulted in cardiac arrest and brain injury. Israel's family maintained throughout that he was showing signs of responsiveness, and an outside specialist's findings disputed the Kaiser brain death diagnosis, yet Kaiser persisted in seeking withdrawal of Israel's life support.
Israel did very well in the Guatemala hospital, Snyder said, and defied the Kaiser diagnosis with his improvement.
As one example, she said, Kaiser's contention that the toddler could not process nutrition was “complete baloney,” because he was able to do so at the other hospital, and his EEGs there showed brain activity.
“They did everything in their power to help him,” she said. “It was amazing.”
Snyder wasn't directly involved in arranging Israel's transfer back to the United States and Children's Hospital Los Angeles. That was done through a family member, but she said doctors at both facilities communicated throughout the process, meaning the LA hospital was fully aware of Israel's improvement and agreed to take him while knowing the family's intent to procure him long-term care.
Instead, roughly 10 days after his arrival at the Los Angeles facility, his parents were in court having to secure an August 18 restraining order enjoining the hospital from pulling Israel's life support just two hours before it was set to happen.
Snyder said the LA hospital would not consider the Guatemala facility's brain activity test and did not conduct one of its own, instead using Israel's Kaiser test from April to validate its action, signaling to Snyder that something was amiss all along. A lot had happened in the way of Israel's improvement in the five months since he became ill, she said, but the hospital refused to consider it.
“I'm baffled why they would take him when that was their intention from the beginning,” Snyder said. “Why would a hospital with no obligation to take him agree to take him and give these parents hope, with the singular intention of ending his life?”
This was further underscored by the fact that while the family was asking for an independent brain activity test to be done, the hospital rushed an ex parte motion to remove Israel's life support as soon as possible instead of the September 9 end date of the restraining order, leading to Thursday's hearing and Israel's subsequent death.
“They really expedited things today (Thursday) to make sure that the test did not take place,” Snyder stated. “I don't understand the action of the hospital because it appears they agreed to take him, to make sure he never left the hospital.”
“They were on a mission to make this happen,” she continued, acting swiftly to end the toddler's life while there was pending legal action.
“Parents have the right to seek recourse and go before a judge,” Snyder said. “And when a judge says no, they have the right to appeal.”
Not once did Israel's parents get a chance to discuss their son's condition with a physician whom they trusted, she said.
Snyder called the hospital futilely asking for Israel's parents to have more time with him after he died. The hospital was so intent on getting this done, she said, that there had been no discussion with Israel's parents about how to handle his remains.
“There was no respect for the family,” Snyder stated. “And no respect for this little boy.”
Patients who have been declared brain dead have recovered on numerous occasions, and Israel's family was trying to get him to a facility where he'd have time and a chance.
They focused on New Jersey, where state law does not recognize a “brain death” declaration in situations where the family members believe that life continues until the patient's heart stops beating, though they would have taken him anywhere that would have allowed him time to get well.
Snyder told LifeSiteNews that Israel's case is a tragic illustration how the controversial concept of legal brain death is especially contentious in California, where laws defining when someone is declared “brain dead” are more permissive than other states.
“This whole case shows that it's not as clear as they say it is,” she said, “or as they want it to be.”
By #jontent (@yakovmironov)
Hi there! It's your ol' pal Jon. I feel that my content has become quite stale lately and wanted to take on something more meaty than my previous couple of posts of “Jon's thoughts on things” and “here I am playing with a draft tool.” Not that you shouldn't read those posts, my thoughts are always gold, but I felt like playing around with stats today.
Basically what I've set out to do is create my own happy little player usage chart based on the simple little four quadrant graphs below.
This isn't anything revolutionary by any means, it's not far off what a lot of people are already doing from stats perspective already (read basically my version of a player usage chart), so I'll try to shut up about it quickly.
The Method
Using various stats found on Corsica.Hockey, I want to create 4 quadrants…
(Upper Right) Players I feel comfortable playing in any situation (Lower Right) Players who are stronger offensively and need sheltering (Upper Left) Players who benefit the team defensively (Lower Left) Players who either need time to develop or gotsa go.
I want to avoid surprises like Kadri being considered garbage or Roman Polak being an offensive dynamo, but I also want to check my biases on Leafs players I'm not particularly fond of like Matt Martin, Tyler Bozak, etc.
I also wanted to try to create single measures or start down to the path to creating single measures that I use to measure offense and defense in one quick glance. This is probably where I'm getting myself in trouble, but I want to arrive at a healthy list of assumptions that I personally feel comfortable with when evaluating players.
Offensive Axis
Using the range of NHL Players in 2015-16, create a relative score for each of CF60, xGF60, and P60 then total them together for an offensive value score. Between points and expected goals I feel the results side is adequately covered off, while Corsi For and expected goals reflect the driving of offence and make it more predictive.
Defensive Axis
The defensive axis was a bit more complicated because I felt the need to add some context to the defensive numbers. Basically CA60 and xGA60 are the key defensive stats, but on their own they heavily favour sheltered players. Since I wanted some context, I included TOI%, and CFQoC% as well. Again using league relative numbers for all stats to create an overall defensive value.
The decision to include quality of competition might be a red flag for some, since there is very little difference between a poor CFQoC% of 48.89% and a great one of 50.6%. Why I like this stat and included it is because when you look at the top to bottom list of players the stat makes a ton of sense, even if everyone averages out pretty close.
Just to make sure I'm comfortable with what I'm doing I dropped in the standard Glass to Crosby comparison, a couple of other stats darlings like Bergeron, Kessel, and Karlsson, and because they are somewhat topical at the moment, Weber, Subban, and Luke Glendennig.
I can certainly live with those results. I think some work is still required for me to be completely comfortable with what is happening on the defensive axis, but it identifies Bergeron on as a God so it will do for a first attempt.
The Results
Yay!!! I think I have something that looks reasonable. Nothing sticks out as an incredibly gross surprise, but there are a few interesting takeaways so it serves a purpose other than to just state the obvious.
Milan Michalek is the wild card here. Looking at the numbers that led to this, it's primarily his xGA60 in tougher usage that led to him looking like a defensive specialist. His CA60 is actually below average for NHL forwards.
Counter to that, it did capture the strength of Peter Holland and Martin Marincin in their defensive roles albeit in more sheltered situations. Josh Leivo was insanely sheltered in the little time he was with the Leafs, and all players with small samples are identified in red to help take them with a grain of salt.
Since we're talking small samples we'll jump across to the offensive quadrant which contains William Nylander and Connor Carrick. I think it's hard to argue that Nylander, especially as a center will require as much sheltering that can be allowed with a young team, and Carrick is someone who can benefit from some of the same or one of the Leafs stronger partners like Marincin, Gardiner, or Rielly. Luckily as a right shot, he's pretty much guaranteed one of them.
Greening is the other player in that quadrant and has generally strong numbers across the board. His reason for falling short is that he didn't go up against as tough competition, which doesn't mean that he can't be effective in a bottom six roles. So far Holland and Greening look like 2/3rds of a solid 3rd line.
The Top
The top right quadrant is pretty much where you want your core to be, and that's where the most of it lands. Rielly and Gardiner are not surprisingly the defensemen there. Kadri, Komarov, and van Riemsdyk being the most dominant forwards (although I'll assume JVR's defensive score is heavily influenced by Kadri and Komarov).
Tyler Bozak's offense not dropping without Kessel makes him a reasonably strong offensive performer, but like Michalek, his defensive numbers are too heavily skewed by usage, as he was one of the Leafs forwards at shot suppression.
Zach Hyman is the surprise guest in this quadrant, but since the sample on him is small, his minutes sheltered, and his 5v5 points unimpressive, I wouldn't count on him living up to this, but it's worth noting he did well in what we saw of him.
The Bottom
Having Polak, Hunwick, Martin, Laich, and Froese end up here makes me feel like I've done something right. It's a clear patch of players that the Leafs are probably better off without.
Froese and Martin both performed well enough defensively against the lower competition they faced, and that is likely why they'll be 2/3rds of the fourth line and likely penalty kill candidates.
Polak, and Hunwick were completely underwhelming, but given the shortage of right-handed shot defensemen in the organization, Polak's probably got a third pairing/penalty killing gig locked up, while Hunwick probably enters the season as the 7th defender.
Frank Corrado also falls into this group and since the Leafs invested the money in Polak being the 3rd pairing right-handed shot, Corrado looks like a strong candidate to be the odd man out this year.
The less than exciting numbers attached to Kerby Rychel mainly speak to the Leafs needing to take sometime in developing him further or simply utilizing him in a different way than Columbus did. There was a reason he was unhappy in Columbus and a reason why they were willing to let him go, and these numbers reflect him being a reclamation project.
This seems to help with building out a preliminary lineup card a little. Odds are we'll see Kadri and JVR stick together because of the success that they had, and the evidence that Kadri can cover up van Riemsdyk's defensive short comings, but with incoming rookies, it's likely that Komarov will be cut loose to help out another line. Bozak in a sheltered scoring role seems like a good fit, and Colin Greening looks like the perfect person to go with him. If Holland sticks at center, he looks like a great fit for the fourth line role, which could be defensively solid with probably Zach Hyman and Matt Martin on his wing.
Defensively the lesson seems to be that the Leafs strength resides the left side, with Connor Carrick being the only righty showing some flashes of potential, but of course hope still remains strong that Zaitsev is as advertised. Similar to Matt Martin's acquisition, the Leafs went out and acquired Roman Polak, and while chart doesn't particularly like him, he'll probably get used because they paid for him.
While prospects will certainly be the main way that the Leafs fill roster holes, along with players like Martin and Polak (who are going to happen whether we like it or not) I figured why not take another look at some of the available unrestricted free agents to see who could help plug holes in the Leafs roster. I selected a couple few free agents, some who have been rumoured to the Leafs, others who I was kind of interested in, and others who I know very little about but was curious…
the end result is that I wound up hating everyone on this list and the fact that Luke Schenn looked like the best offensive defensemen option almost made me weep.
I still have some interest in Jiri Tlusty, who looks like he could be good, cheap bottom six fillers and can help cover for the multitude of sins young players will make when they first enter the league. Tlusty played significant 5v5 time against strong competition and was a low event player and he could make a lot of sense if you're not worried about taking a potential roster spot away from the kids.
It's also worth noting that Kris Russell is awful, and actually worse than Roman Polak, so if we need to claim a win in free agency, it's probably that.
While this is far from perfect and I plan on spending a good chunk of the summer refining it until it makes me happy, I feel it's given a somewhat fair assessment of where the Leafs are today and has maybe helped me appreciate both James van Riemsdyk and Tyler Bozak a little more.
It hasn't helped me come to terms on Matt Martin, which I was hoping it somehow would, but it has left me somewhat intrigued by what the Leafs might have in Milan Michalek.
Assuming the Leafs go with 7 or 8 experienced forwards as part of their line up, it's seems reasonable that 4-6 rookies/younger players will fill in the gaps, and that probably means the forward group is pretty much set.
The blue line has a greater number of question marks as the left side looks set, but any of Corrado, Polak, Carrick, and Zaitsev could find themselves anywhere and it could be even more competitive if Rielly remains on the right side (please for the love of all things good in the world move him back to the left side).
The roster is beginning to look close to completion, but it's still looking far from good. While watching Marner, Matthews, and Nylander playful seasons in the NHL seems appealing and adds a wild card element to the team, generally the Leafs still look like they have a tough year ahead.
The next step in all of this is looking at what makes each player unique. What results are they achieving that others on the team are not? What is it that makes a GM and a coach who have a history of success say that they are going to invest in Matt Martin when most of the readily available says either A: It's a bad idea; B: It's too much money, C: It's too much term, or D: All of the Above.
Advertisements
The men's ice hockey tournament at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway, was the 18th Olympic Championship. Sweden won its first gold medal, becoming the sixth nation to ever win Olympic ice hockey gold. The tournament, held from February 12 to February 27, was played at the Fjellhallen in Gjøvik and the Håkons Hall in Lillehammer. There were no women's tournament at the Olympics until 1998.
Medalists [ edit ]
Qualification [ edit ]
The top eleven nations from the 1993 World Championships qualified directly. To fill the twelfth spot, five nations were selected to compete: The top two from Group B (Great Britain and Poland), the top nation from Group C (Latvia), the best Asian nation (Japan), and Slovakia. This was the first IIHF event for Slovakia.[1]
Pos Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 Slovakia 4 3 1 0 25 8 +17 7 1994 Winter Olympics 2 Latvia 4 3 0 1 22 14 +8 6 3 Poland 4 1 2 1 14 16 −2 4 4 Japan 4 1 0 3 11 22 −11 2 5 Great Britain (H) 4 0 1 3 9 21 −12 1
28 August 1993 2–2
(0–1, 0–0, 2–0) Sheffield
29 August 1993 7–2
(3–1, 2–1, 2–0) Sheffield
30 August 1993 6–2
(3–0, 1–0, 2–2) Sheffield
30 August 1993 2–4
(0–1, 1–2, 1–1) Sheffield
1 September 1993 4–4
(2–0, 1–1, 1–3) Sheffield
1 September 1993 4–8
(2–1, 2–4, 0–3) Sheffield
2 September 1993 1–7
(1–2, 0–3, 0–2) Sheffield
2 September 1993 6–4
(0–1, 5–1, 1–2) Sheffield
4 September 1993 1–7
(0–3, 1–0, 0–4) Sheffield
4 September 1993 1–7
(0–2, 1–3, 0–2) Sheffield
Preliminary round [ edit ]
All times are local (UTC+1).
Group A [ edit ]
Pos Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 Finland 5 5 0 0 25 4 +21 10 Quarterfinals 2 Germany 5 3 0 2 11 14 −3 6[a] 3 Czech Republic 5 3 0 2 16 11 +5 6[a] 4 Russia 5 3 0 2 20 14 +6 6[a] 5 Austria 5 1 0 4 13 28 −15 2 9–12th place semifinals 6 Norway (H) 5 0 0 5 5 19 −14 0
a b c Germany 2Pts, +1GD; Czech Republic 2Pts, 0GD; Russia 2Pts, –1GD
12 February 1994
12:00 3–1
(2–1, 1–0, 0–0) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 5,200
12 February 1994
21:00 3–4
(1–1, 0–0, 2–3) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 3,300
14 February 1994
15:00 2–1
(1–0, 1–1, 0–0) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,245
14 February 1994
20:00 0–5
(0–1, 0–4, 0–0) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 8,751
16 February 1994
15:00 1–9
(0–1, 1–7, 0–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 6,343
16 February 1994
20:00 0–4
(0–1, 0–2, 0–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,250
18 February 1994
15:00 4–2
(2–0, 1–1, 1–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 8,600
18 February 1994
20:00 4–1
(3–0, 0–0, 1–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,245
20 February 1994
15:00 4–3
(2–2, 2–0, 0–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,140
20 February 1994
20:00 2–4
(1–1, 1–1, 0–2) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,225
Group B [ edit ]
Pos Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 Slovakia 5 3 2 0 26 14 +12 8 Quarterfinals 2 Canada 5 3 1 1 17 11 +6 7[a] 3 Sweden 5 3 1 1 23 13 +10 7[a] 4 United States 5 1 3 1 21 17 +4 5 5 Italy 5 1 0 4 15 31 −16 2 9–12th place semifinals 6 France 5 0 1 4 11 27 −16 1
a b Sweden 2–3 Canada
13 February 1994
15:00 4–4
(2–1, 0–2, 2–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,213
13 February 1994
20:00 4–4
(1–2, 1–0, 2–2) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 8,145
15 February 1994
15:00 4–1
(1–0, 1–1, 2–0) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 8,731
15 February 1994
20:00 3–1
(1–0, 2–0, 0–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 6,445
17 February 1994
15:00 10–4
(6–2, 3–1, 1–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 5,123
17 February 1994
20:00 3–3
(1–0, 1–2, 1–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,245
19 February 1994
15:00 1–3
(1–1, 0–1, 0–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,245
19 February 1994
20:00 4–6
(1–2, 0–2, 3–2) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,245
21 February 1994
15:00 2–3
(1–1, 1–2, 0–0) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,245
21 February 1994
20:00 7–1
(5–1, 1–0, 1–0) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,243
Consolation round [ edit ]
9–12th place semifinals Ninth place game 22 February Austria 4 24 February France (GWS) 5 France 2 22 February Italy 3 Italy 6 Norway 3 Eleventh place game 24 February Norway 3 Austria 1
9–12th place semifinals [ edit ]
22 February
21:00 6–3
(3–2, 1–1, 2–0) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,228
Eleventh place game [ edit ]
24 February
16:00 3–1
(1–0, 1–0, 1–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,245
Niinth place game [ edit ]
24 February
15:00 2–3
(1–1, 1–0, 0–2) Gjøvik, Fjellhallen
Attendance: 3,770
Playoff round [ edit ]
Bracket [ edit ]
Quarterfinals Semifinals Gold medal game 23 February Finland 6 25 February United States 1 Finland 3 23 February Canada 5 Canada (OT) 3 27 February Czech Republic 2 Canada 2 23 February Sweden (GWS) 3 Slovakia 2 25 February Russia (OT) 3 Russia 3 23 February Sweden 4 Bronze medal game Germany 0 26 February Sweden 3 Russia 0 Finland 4
Quarterfinals [ edit ]
23 February
15:00 3–2 OT
(0–1, 1–0, 1–1)
(OT 1–0) Gjøvik, Fjellhallen
Attendance: 4,180
23 February
16:30 6–1
(2–0, 2–1, 2–0) Lillehammer, Håkons Hall
Attendance: 9,046
23 February
19:30 0–3
(0–0, 0–1, 0–2) Gjøvik, Fjellhallen
Attendance: 5,175
5–8th place semifinals [ edit ]
24 February
19:30 5–3
(3–2, 1–0, 1–1) Gjøvik, Fjellhallen
Attendance: 5,078
Semifinals [ edit ]
25 February
19:30 3–5
(0–0, 2–2, 1–3) Gjøvik, Fjellhallen
Attendance: 5,237
25 February
21:00 3–4
(1–2, 0–1, 2–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,245
Seventh place game [ edit ]
26 February
16:30 4–3
(1–1, 1–1, 2–1) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,045
Fifth place game [ edit ]
26 February
19:30 7–1
(4–1, 1–0, 2–0) Gjøvik, Fjellhallen
Attendance: 4,465
Bronze medal game [ edit ]
26 February
21:00 0–4
(0–2, 0–2, 0–0) Håkons Hall, Lillehammer
Attendance: 9,215
Gold medal game [ edit ]
Gold medal game [ edit ]
An exciting gold medal game saw Sweden force overtime by tying the score with less than two minutes to go. After a scoreless overtime, the winner was determined by a shootout. The first five rounds saw two players for each side make their penalty shots (Nedved and Kariya for Canada and Forsberg and Svensson for Sweden). In the sixth round, both Nedved and Svensson missed their shots. Forsberg then scored on Canadian goaltender Hirsch to start the seventh round. Kariya took Canada's seventh round shot and was stopped by Swedish goaltender Salo—giving the Swedes the gold medal.[2]
Commemorative Swedish stamp [ edit ]
In 1995, the Swedish postal service memorialized Forsberg's game winning shootout goal by issuing a commemorative stamp. Because goaltender Corey Hirsch would not grant permission for his likeness to be used on the stamp, he was 'disguised' by means of changing the color of his sweater and his player number.[3]
Final ranking [ edit ]
Statistics and awards [ edit ]
Leading scorers [ edit ]
GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in Minutes; POS = Position
Source: eliteprospects.com
Media All-Stars [ edit ]
Under Its Frozen Exterior, Scientists Say Europa's Ocean Is Salty Like Ours
Here's a quote we found awe-inspiring:
"If you could go swim down in the ocean of Europa and taste it, it would just taste like normal old salt."
That's California Institute of Technology (Caltech) astronomer Mike Brown talking about Jupiter's moon Europa. Brown and his colleague Kevin Hand from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory believe that if you could drill your way through the moon's frozen exterior, the ocean beneath it would taste a lot like our own seawater.
How, you are wondering, did the scientists come to this conclusion? The simple answer is that they looked at the moon's surface and using spectroscopy — that is inferring physical properties through analysis of an object's light — they were able to discern the chemical makeup.
But the remarkable part is not that. The remarkable part about this study, which is scheduled to published in the Astronomical Journal, is that they were able to get past all the frozen stuff to find out what the ocean beneath is made of. They were able to do that because bits of the ocean are working their way toward the surface.
"We now have evidence that Europa's ocean is not isolated—that the ocean and the surface talk to each other and exchange chemicals," Brown said in a press release issued by the W.M. Keck Observatory, which they used to make the measurements.
The end-game here is that scientists have always thought that where there is water, there's a chance for life. So NASA reports:
Bill Clinton's half-brother has been charged with drunken driving in California, police said Monday.
Roger Clinton, 59, was arrested after driving “erratically” in Redondo Beach at 7:20 pm Sunday, police said in a press release.
A worried driver called cops to complain that Clinton had been driving dangerously and followed him to give police “updates,” according to Redondo Beach police Lt. Joe Hoffman.
Clinton — who earned the nickname “Headache” by the Secret Service for bad behavior while his brother was president — was also arrested in 2001 on DUI charges, according to past reports.
Clinton “refused” to take a sobriety test at the police station, Hoffman added. His bail was set at $15,000.
Clinton's sister-in-law, Hillary Clinton, will face off against Bernie Sanders in the California Democratic primary on Tuesday.
His lawyer, Walter Wiggins, said, “A mistake was made that was regretted.”
In 2001, Roger was pardoned by Bill for a 1985 cocaine-possession conviction.
St. Louis Tea Party Coalition Resolution
July 12, 2010
Whereas, the National Coalition for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) was founded to advance the position of minority groups, and
Whereas a hallmark of the NAACP has been to do the important work of identifying and exposing remaining vestiges of racism and discrimination, and
Whereas the NAACP vocally stands against the discriminatory and harmful practice of labeling people with a broad brush, and
Whereas the NAACP decided to launch their 101st National Convention with a resolution condemning the Tea Party movement and labeling millions of their fellow Americans who subscribe to the movement as "racists", and
Whereas the "Tea Party movement" is a label applied to patriotic Americans who have expressed their political free speech in the grand tradition of all that is American, that being the spirited expression of viewpoints in a 100% peaceful manner, and
Whereas, it is a hallmark of America that we settle our disputes civilly and avoid the gutter tactic of attempting to silence opponents by inflammatory name-calling, and
Whereas the very term "racist" has diminished meaning due to its overuse by political partisans including members of the NAACP, and
Whereas, the NAACP had an opportunity to preserve some semblance of legitimacy by standing up for Ken Gladney, the victim of a vicious racist battery conducted by a black avowed communist, even labeling him an "Uncle Tom", but chose instead to use the opportunity to mock the St. Louis Tea Party, and
Whereas, the NAACP has refused to denounce the New Black Panther's call to murder white cops and their babies, and
Whereas, the NAACP does its entire membership a grave disservice by hypocritically engaging in the very conduct it purports to oppose,
Now therefore be it resolved that the St. Louis Tea Party condemns the NAACP for lowering itself to the dishonorable position of a partisan political attack dog organization, and,
Be it further resolved that the St. Louis Tea Party calls on similar organizations to join in unanimous condemnation of this despicable behavior, and
Be it further resolved that we demand that the NAACP withdrawal their bigoted, false and inflammatory resolution against the tea party for any further consideration, and
Be it further resolved that these organizations call on the Internal Revenue Service to evenly apply their standards and consider the tax-exempt status of the NAACP considering the degree to which they are engaging in habitual partisan political behavior.
Adopted unanimously, this day, July 12th, in the year of our Lord, 2010.
We now have less than 24 hours to wait to find out if Paisley will be crowned the next UK City of Culture –...
We now have less than 24 hours to wait to find out if Paisley will be crowned the next UK City of Culture – as a deluge of support for Paisley continues to pour in.
The winner of the 2021 title will be announced live on BBC's The One Show on Thursday evening from current host Hull.
Paisley is the only Scottish place – and first-ever town – to make the shortlist for the 2021 title, awarded every four years by the Department of Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, along with Coventry, Stoke, Sunderland and Swansea.
And the town has seen an outpouring of best wishes – with a DCMS-endorsed social media focus on Paisley generating a total reach of almost 300,000 people from the Paisley 2021 accounts in just 48 hours on Monday and Tuesday.
There was also backing from cultural, political and media heavyweights including broadcaster and former director of the British Museum Neil MacGregor, who said: “I think it is a credible candidate for the award, and I hope it wins.”
There was also support from former Downing Street director of communications Alastair Campbell – who has multiple connections to the town – and said: “Creativity and spirit remain intact in Paisley and the UK City of Culture bid has captured this.”
The town's bid is part of a wider plan to transform its future using its internationally-significant heritage and cultural story as the one-time home of the world's thread industry and the globally-recognised design icon, the Paisley Pattern.
And Paisley 2021 bid director Jean Cameron has sent a final message to supporters ahead of the decision.
She said: “We've had some fantastic support in the past few days – as we have throughout the bid – and we thank everyone who has joined Team Paisley for this massive moment in our history.
“The two years since Paisley launched its UK City of Culture 2021 bid have been a wonderful journey and it's been an honour to have been part of it.
“The bid has already changed Paisley for the better – taking our profile to new levels, raising awareness of our unique and overlooked stories, transforming the town's reputation, and giving a sense of self-confidence back to a town which has suffered many blows in recent years.
“And it's been a grassroots mass movement. People throughout Paisley and beyond have united behind a shared vision for the town and defined what culture means to them.
“Put simply, there is nothing with greater scope to transform Paisley's future than winning this title, and the economic and social legacy it will leave.
“It will harness the power of culture to improve health, well-being and life chances, and will change lives in some of Scotland's most deprived communities.
“Having been in Hull this week for the final presentation to DCMS we've seen at first-hand the massive investment which has flowed in ahead of their year in the spotlight and the enthusiasm local people have for being UK City of Culture hosts.
“While Paisley can and will use its unique selling points to drive new footfall and make the town a key destination for visitors, events and creative industry no matter what happens, the boost from hosting the 2021 title will turbocharge our journey.
“With an international airport on our doorstep and major investment in our town centre and historic venues confirmed, we will be ready to host a party in 2021 to which everyone is invited – and a warm Buddie welcome is guaranteed.
“We send our best wishes to our friends in our fellow bidding places and we thank DCMS for giving us this platform to show why we matter to Scotland, the UK and the world.”
It is estimated Paisley's 2021 year could bring a £176m economic boost and create and sustain more than 4,700 jobs over a ten-year period.
Since Paisley's bid launched in 2015, more than 34,000 people – almost equivalent to half the town's population – have engaged in conversations around it.
The bid has also been backed by more than 200 businesses, including big names such as Glasgow International Airport, global drinks giant Diageo and the world's largest industrial thread manufacturer Coats PLC.
Renfrewshire Council has also confirmed a £46m investment in venues and town centre infrastructure to get the town ready to host, while the Scottish Government has confirmed financial support if Paisley wins the title.
Share on social network:
Tweet
Email
Print
More
BERLIN (Reuters) - German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble is confident Germany's top court will rule that the EU's bailout fund and fiscal pact are compatible with national law, he said in a newspaper interview on Saturday.
The Constitutional Court agreed on Tuesday to examine complaints lodged against the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) and new budget rules but gave no date for its verdict.
“As far as the pending decision of the Federal Constitutional Court is concerned, I am very confident after the hearing on Tuesday,” Schaeuble told Bavarian regional newspaper Mittelbayerische Zeitung.
“I think it's good that the court is diving so deep into this matter and I hope that our position will soon be confirmed,” he was quoted as saying.
The government argues that the tools for tackling the debt crisis were given legitimacy by parliament's approval of them by a large two thirds majority in late June.
Schaeuble told Mittelbayerische Zeitung he agreed with German President Joachim Gauck that politicians needed to communicate the euro zone crisis to the public better.
“That is very important indeed,” he said, adding that it was, however, difficult to communicate such complex issues.
“I believe I can say that we are all trying very hard,” he said.
Gauck said in a recent interview that Merkel needed to explain her approach to the euro zone crisis very precisely.
"When I was a kid, I thought there were going to be giant robots in the future. But no matter how long I waited, people were only able to make small robots, like Asimo. Eventually, I thought ‘I can't wait anymore,' and set out to make one myself." Kogoro Kurata is the designer and blacksmith behind the gargantuan 4-ton mech standing in front of me. Named after its creator, Kuratas is the product of nearly three years of forging, hammering, and coding. The robot's expressionless face towers over the crowd atop its 13-foot frame. I picture its diesel-powered hydraulic arms ripping apart the building's steel girders.
Steel is Kurata's specialty, both for his day job as a blacksmith, and for his "hobby." Inspired by the plastic models from a 1980s anime series called Votoms, he initially got noticed for building a life-sized steel model of one of the program's Armored Troopers. His next project was a natural extension. "I made Kuratas wondering ‘what would it be like if this thing actually moved?'"
To that end he recruited Wataru Yoshizaki, now a second-year doctoral student, whose V-Sido software powers the robot's 30 hydraulic actuators. He's also responsible for its multiple onboard weapons systems (like the smile-activated BB gatling gun), requisite iPhone connectivity, and a robotic hand that's controlled with what looks like a Nintendo Power Glove. The two came to know one another online, and when Kurata learned how much of the student's work could be applied to his own project, he extended an invitation: "How would you like to control my robot?" Less than two years later, the pair were showing off their first working prototype.
"It's funny to see the panicked emails come in from people abroad, saying they thought it was a joke."
Suidobashi Heavy Industry is the name that Kurata operates under, believing that establishing a company would be the first step toward mass production. The group first gained attention back in July when it opened a website letting people order their own custom mechs, starting from the low price of $1.35 million. The team has received over 3,000 orders both in Japan and overseas, but so far all the customers have backed out before paying. "It's funny to see the panicked emails come in from people abroad, saying they thought it was a joke," says Kurata.
Luckily, Suidobashi isn't expecting to turn a profit anytime soon; the blacksmith has said that only people who think profits are a waste of time are fit for his team. The man in charge also has another advantage of sorts: all of the money that has gone into Kuratas is his, so no one is beholden to the whims of financial sponsors. He explains that "it takes money to make things, and it takes money to borrow more money. My thinking was that if I paid for the whole thing myself I could get it done more cheaply."
"It's built for people to ride in and have fun with."
Building the robot took a lot of trial and error. Rather than start with engineering diagrams, Kurata's starting point was a series of scale models. When it came time to start the build, the artist found that he didn't know very much about electronics or hydraulics, and was forced to pick things up as he went along. Even now, all of the mech's assembly is handled by Kurata, who slings the massive slabs of metal around his workshop single-handedly with an overhead crane he bought from Yahoo Auctions. He would like to experiment with walking mechanisms, but current space and equipment constraints make that difficult. Remedying the situation is apparently the first thing on his agenda.
Despite the military paint job and BB gatling guns, the artist insists Kuratas is a mech of peace. "The idea was a toy robot — it's built for people to ride in and have fun with, not for the army or anything," he says. And what better toy for a builder than a 4-ton chunk of childhood brought to life? Kurata doesn't seem to mind that he might never sell a robot, that Suidobashi Heavy Industry could just be an expensive playground. It's easy to understand why once you see the huge grin on the face of a 70-year-old woman as she steps out of Kuratas's bombproof chest cavity after a spin as test pilot.
Months after the federal government launched a $9-million advertising campaign announcing it wanted more competition and lower prices in the wireless market for consumers, there are fewer competitors and prices have, on average, gone up.
“They had all the trumpet and fanfare. But when it comes time to actually implementing these policies, nothing happens,” NDP MP Glenn Thibeault said.
Industry Canada's fall advertising blitz on radio, TV, and the internet did help raise the ire of Canadians though. CBC News has learned that, according to a new government-commissioned poll, the most common message gleaned from about 1,400 respondents was that mobile phone users are being gouged and the industry lacks competition.
Rates have gone up and there's going to be no more little guys very soon. - Dann Verner, cellphone user
Many Canadians remain unhappy — as unhappy as the actors in the government TV commercial who look gloomily at cellphone options or their bill.
Only four per cent of respondents in the poll figured out taxpayers paid for the ads. It was clear to cellphone owner Dann Verner who said, “If they had followed through with what they advertised they were going to do, I'd be fine with [the government spending $9 million].”
The actors in the ad call out for “more choice” and “lower prices.” But, months later, the Big 3 wireless companies that dominate the market have raised prices on many plans and big player Telus has bought small player, Public Mobile.
Verner, a devoted Public Mobile customer, must decide by the end of the month if he will move to Telus or another company. But the single father on a fixed income is worried about costs because he says he must buy a new phone and can't find a plan as economical as his current one.
“It looks like I'll probably have to go without a phone for a month before I can afford to buy a phone,” he said.
Unexpected backlash
Verner feels let down: “I had to watch those ads over and over again saying they were going to give the little guy more of a chance, lower rates, and rates have gone up and there's going to be no more little guys very soon.”
Canada's two other small carriers, Mobilicity and Wind, are struggling for survival. The Big 3 — Telus, Bell Canada Enterprises, and Rogers — still dominate the market and Telus wants to buy Mobilicity. And there are still no new national players.
“It just continues to show you that the Conservatives don't really have a plan when it comes to the digital economy, when it comes to telecoms and when it comes to protecting Canadians,” said Thibeault.
However, a spokesman for Industry Canada, Jake Enwright, says the government definitely has a set mission: “Our government's wireless policy is clear: more competition leads to lower prices and more choices for Canadian consumers,” he said.
Enwright also said Ottawa won't approve any buy-out where it believes consumers will suffer. A much touted cap on domestic roaming fees announced last year may be law before the fall, he added.
He said the the $9-million advertising campaign was necessary to make sure Canadians are clear on the government's wireless policy.
There is also a wireless code coming that will require carriers to limit some fees. But if the Big 3 win a current legal battle, the code could only apply to their new customers. Industry Minister James Moore announced today that he plans to intervene in the case.
Now that more regional players have entered the marketplace, Industry Canada recently announced “consumers are the big winners.” But Verner, who said he's facing higher cellphone bills, doesn't see it that way.
“That's not consumers that won big," he said.
"It was the Big 3 that won big again.”
Yesterday The New York Times reported that the Obama administration is negotiating with newly-instated Vice President Omar Suleiman to head a transitional government that "would immediately begin a process of constitutional reform" and include "a broad range of opposition groups, including the banned Muslim Brotherhood."
But as economist William Easterly points out, American-backed "transitions" have an unsavory history:
As this blog has pointed out, the “transition” word is a much-used device to appear to be in favor of democracy while in fact taking no position whatsoever. The democracy scholar Thomas Carothers is one who first pointed out the emptiness of the “transition” paradigm, noting a USAID description of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2001 as a country in “transition to a democratic, free market society.” In this rhetorical make-believe, every country is allegedly in “transition” to democracy, even if a dicatator is the status quo. Dictators are just a temporary delay, or even maybe themselves gradually “transitioning,” since the “transition” jargon leaves completely open when democracy will arrive, or how slowly the dictatorship will imperceptibly fade away.
Up until last week, Joe Biden "would not refer to [Mubarak] as a dictator"—a stunning rejection of reality, even taking into account Biden's formidable gaffe handicap. And on Sunday, the more calculating Hillary Clinton gave us an idea of exactly how hard the US intends to work—about as hard as they've worked for the last three decades:
This is a very volatile situation, and I think that as we monitor it closely we continue to urge the Egyptian Government, as the United States has for 30 years, to respond to the legitimate aspirations of the Egyptian people and begin to take concrete steps to implement democratic and economic reform.
But aside from these verbal blunders from America's top politicians, the chioce of Omar Suleiman as the American-backed transitional leader really says all you need to know about our respect for the protestors' demands. A staunch supporter of Mubarak, hand-picked as vice president in the early days of the revolt, he was rejected by those in Tahrir Square as soon as he was elevated to that position. Suleiman is one of the most powerful spy chiefs in the Middle East, and was the United States' point man on extraordinary renditions, which may explain why America feels so comfortable negotiating with him.
Update: Fox News quotes the administration as denying the leak, but France 24 reports details that suggest otherwise:
On March 20, Register of Copyrights Maria Pallante testified before the US House of Representatives on the need to reform copyright law, currently outlined in the Copyright Act of 1976. This had been the first major update to copyright protection since 1909, but some considered it dated, even at the time.
Artists, lawyers, musicians, historians, librarians, pirates, authors and educators knew immediately, or quickly grew to see, that intellectual property rights laws - a body of legislation of which copyright is only the most visible part - were in drastic need of overhaul.
Concern crystallised once the Digital Millennium Copyright Act passed in 1996, a bill intended to extend traditional print publishing rights into the digital realm (and, by extension, throughout the world).
Photocopiers, home video recorders and the internet all challenged fundamental aspects of policies originally intended to protect creative labour. But the variety of creative labour considered worthy of protection has never been scrutinised.
"The law is showing the strain of its age," Pallente said last week at the Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property and the Internet Committee on the Judiciary. She said:
"[A]uthors do not have effective protections, good faith businesses do not have clear roadmaps, courts do not have sufficient direction, and consumers and other private citizens are increasingly frustrated…. It is both possible and necessary to have a copyright law that combines safeguards for free expression, guarantees of due process, mechanisms for access, and respect for intellectual property."
She was right. Copyright laws are a mess and need to change. The trouble has always been how.
Limit the 'term'
No one agrees on what is wrong with the legislation, a problem fuelled partially by so few understanding what it does. Copyright protects works that are said to be published: literature, music, dramatic works - as well as pictures, graphics, sculptures, films and architecture. Work intended for public display or use and created by an identifiable creator or set of creators.
Russia pushed to crackdown on copyright piracy
Copyright does not protect the idea behind a work, but only the expression of the idea. And much to the surprise of my art-school students, the law does not mention commerce at all. It only grants authors the right to distribute their work - meaning, the right to decide whether to do so for money or not.
An original intention of the law was to limit the term during which an author retained exclusive control of a work to foster a healthy and active public domain - a free storehouse of ideas for artists who wanted to work more closely with original materials.
The fair use provision, too, is supposed to allow for the utilisation of copyrighted materials, but even fewer understand the range of re-uses it covers - and several big copyfights have failed to uphold it in the courts at all.
The erosion of the public domain and the dwindling vitality of the fair use defence are both attributable to media corporations that in recent decades have exerted louder and more repetitive demands for protection of their creations, such as an extension of copyright terms.
Whereas the original US Copyright term was 14 years - reasonable to my mind, as an author - protection currently extends 70 years past the death of the author. (I do not have kids, so this strikes me as totally ridiculous.) And that is just for mere humans: works of so-called corporate authorship are protected for 120 years after creation or 95 years after publication - whichever comes first.
This has led to the preposterous situation where the public domain - our cultural commons - admitted no new works in 2013. It will be 2019 before any more works come under public ownership. And to make matters worse, Golan v Holder ruled last year that Congress can remove works that have already entered the public domain and place them back under private ownership.
As a means to protect independent cultural producers, in other words, US copyrights are downright laughable. Yet the problems of copyright law in the US both extend wider and go further back than that.
Under the Berne Convention, US copyright law is in place for US cultural production, wherever it is distributed. Signing Berne is a prerequisite to membership in the World Trade Organization, which boasts 159 member states and overseas international trade throughout most of the world.
Media, art and entertainment are chief exports of the US - popular even if cheap or freely distributed. Even when spread illegally, narratives tend to promote conspicuous consumption, suggesting and fostering a values system that favours the corporate at every turn, not unlike the legislation itself.
The Copyright Act of 1976, however, defined cultural production fairly narrowly, which may be having an even bigger impact on the global economic condition of over half the population of the world.
Passed by a 96 percent male Congress, the in-place copyright law does not list cooking, quilting, or sewing as protectable, under the argument that these works are neither intended for public use nor created by single authors. They are domestic practices, often made by groups or with knowledge passed down over generations. Yet they are also traditionally feminine acts of cultural production.
Legal frameworks
It may be difficult to perceive how such gendered policy influences US culture today, but think about the most famous feminine figures from the great copyfights of the last few decades: Roy Orbison's (or 2 Live Crew's) "Pretty Woman", maybe, or Dan DeCarlo's character Josie (of Pussycats fame).
Consider how often the insults hurled at romance novels, chick lit and chick flix - forms of cultural production aimed at, and often created by women - mirror those issues outlined in copyright law.
Media created for feminine consumption is often called "derivative", "repetitive" and "unoriginal". Or glance through a few news stories about illegal music downloaders or freedom of speech defenders and note how men are presented - as pirates, saviours, or activists - while moms and daughters and female viewers or listeners are often presented as innocent, or witless, victims.
"Copyright laws are a mess and need to change - but the trouble has always been how."
In truth, studies show that women illegally download music just as frequently as men. Or more frequently. They certainly have greater economic incentive.
Women make up 51 percent of the US population, earn 77 percent of what men earn on average, and act as CEOs for only 2 percent of Fortune 500 companies.
Women make up 57 percent of the population living in poverty in the US, hold approximately 80 percent of jobs in the sex industry and 93 percent of those in domestic service work, two labour forces that come with low incomes and high rates of sexual or physical abuse and assault, which itself causes income losses of approximately $8m per year.
In policymaking itself, women hold only 18 percent of congressional seats, even after the historic 2012 elections, which came 92 years after women had secured the right to vote (and a full 72 years after the right to vote was first called for.)
The gender gap affects all culture, but becomes most pronounced when we look more closely at who is paid - or valued - in the process of the production of that culture.
On average, women hold only 25 percent of all content creation positions across US media and make up only 29 percent of appearances in non-fiction US-created media (such as talking heads on news shows, or being quoted as sources in newspapers, etc).
Representations of women in the US only approach their actual population of it in fiction venues, where women make up around 52 percent of all characters, but are twice as likely as male characters to appear naked. And only a quarter of them speak.
Cultural bias
It is misogyny, clearly. But it has roots in a legal structure of our own design and can therefore be uprooted. Copyrights underpin vast swaths of our culture, both domestically and abroad, reflecting both a pre-existing cultural bias and propagating more of it.
Yet while the cultural work that women do is less valuable now than the cultural work that men do, this need not continue. The gendered basis of copyright law must be inspected, considered and addressed.
The next great Copyright Act Pallante calls for is possible, certainly: but it must value the input and practices of all cultural producers as labourers across all forms and media. The division between traditionally domestic and traditionally public works is as dated as the division between print and digital publishing and should be abandoned; the line between corporate and independent producers, however, remains clear.
Revitalise the public domain, roll back extravagant term limits and ensure all cultural production methods are offered equal protection. US copyright sets a standard throughout the world. Let's raise that standard.
Anne Elizabeth Moore is a Fulbright scholar and the author of several award-winning non-fiction books, including Unmarketable: Brandalism, Copyfighting, Mocketing, and the Erosion of Integrity (The New Press, 2007). She teaches at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. She held a 2012 UN Press Fellowship, does a monthly comics feature on gender and cultural production for Truthout, and contributes criticism to The New Inquiry, The Baffler, and N+1.
Follow her on Twitter: @superanne
St Petersburg, a hulking cargo carrier with a deadweight tonnage of 27,352 tonnes, capable of carrying nearly 8,000 cars, arrived on the scene just after 9am Norwegian time, giving it nearly four hours of daylight with which to search visually for debris before the sun sets at 1pm Norwegian time.
The Filipino captain, contacted on the ship by Sweden's Aftonbladet newspaper, said that he and his crew had yet to spot any debris by the time dark fell.
"Nothing at the moment," he said. "We have aircraft doing a search also in the air, and we are both in contact. Anybody of us, who can look for these significant sightings, we can report to each other."
He said that poor visibility was also hampering the search. "There are some fog patches. The visibility is poor at times. Every mile or two there are fog patches," he said.
Ingar Skiaker, chief executive of Höegh Autoliners said that diverting the ship in order to help was in keeping with Norwegian maritime tradition. "We as a shipping nation have a culture of assisting whenever there is suspicion of people in distress," he said. "We got a call from the Australian rescue and search centre two days ago, asking the ship to move from its original course to a defined area to look for the observations they had received. The ship responded positively to it." Olav Sollie, vice president of communications for the company, told Norway's VG newspaper that the St. Petersburg had been on its way to Perth when it was diverted south to look for the aircraft.
"The ship was en route from South Africa to Perth in Australia and was asked to go further south in the Indian Ocean to the current exploration area," he said. "Our mission is to be the eyes and ears in the area and to look for things in the water. We are doing this from the ship with our crews using binoculars and radars. This is coordinated with the Australian authorities and aircraft in the area."
Haakon Svane, a spokesman for the Norwegian Shipowners Association, told The Local that the ship's crew had already spent more than three hours combing the sea's surface.
"For the past three and half hours they have been inside a 60-nautical-mile area at the request of the Australian authorities," he said. "So its basically locating the debris visually that has been spotted by satellite already. We expect this to take a little bit of time. We also expect that other vessels will join the search."
After two weeks of false leads, Australia revived the investigation on the mysterious disappearance of flight MH370 when it announced the detection four days ago of two large "objects" in the southern Indian Ocean, some 2,500 kilometres (1,553 miles) southwest of Perth in western Australia.
Kristen Anderson thought she had no reason to live. But when she survived getting run over by 33 freight trains, she started to reconsider her purpose in this world.
Anderson had given up after she was raped and her grandmother and three close friends died within a span of two years, according to her organization, Reaching You Ministries. She decided to end her life at 17 on the train tracks near her home.
But even after 33 freight trains driving at 55 miles per hour drove over, slicing off her legs, she didn't die, the Christian Broadcasting Network reports.
"I just started to cry out to God and for the first time,” Anderson told the news outlet. “I asked Him why He would keep me here, why He would want me, even without my legs.”
Doctors tried reattaching her legs, but couldn't. Anderson spent the next three years battling depression, surgeries and more thoughts of suicide, according to the news outlet.
But then the same teen who questioned God's existence, began to use religion to heal herself -- and others.
Anderson turned to Bible school and friends and eventually founded Reaching You Ministries, an organization that helps people contemplating suicide find hope. Its team of volunteers responds to emails from those looking for support and Anderson takes her story around the country to inspire people contemplating suicide to choose life, according to her website.
The now 29-year-old eventually shared her story in her memoir, “Life, In Spite Of Me.”
“The more I talked about it, I realized how alone I wasn't,” Anderson told Oaoa.com. “For a long time I thought I was one of the only people struggling with suicide or depression. That was very eye opening for me.”
But as suicide remains a hot topic in the media, and a prime concern in high schools and universities, Anderson sees her role to prevent people from taking their lives as more crucial than ever before.
Ottawa (AFP) – Canadian federal police said they arrested a suspect who posed a “potential terrorist threat,” after receiving a tip about an imminent attack.
Authorities had received “credible information of a potential terrorist threat,” the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) said in a statement.
A suspect was arrested “to ensure that there is no danger to the public's safety,” the RCMP said, adding that it takes “all such threats seriously.”
The investigation is still underway as the matter “continues to unfold,” and no other details from officials were immediately available.
Broadcaster CTV, citing internal government documents, however, said the suspect was linked to the Islamic State group and planned to set off an explosive device in a packed public space in a major city.
Canada was the target of two separate lone wolf attacks in October 2014 in Quebec and Ottawa that resulted in the death of two soldiers.
In Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, 40 kilometers (25 miles) southeast of Montreal, a young man drove his car into two soldiers in a parking lot, killing one of them before being shot dead by police after a short chase.
Two days later on October 22, an attacker gunned down a ceremonial military guard and stormed parliament before being killed by security guards only meters (yards) from a room where the prime minister and his caucus were meeting.
Following these attacks, the Conservative government passed a bill giving the RCMP and Canada's spy agency sweeping powers to thwart terror plots and prevent Canadian youth from flying overseas to join the Islamic State group in Syria.
Canada joined the US-led coalition against IS in September 2014.
After his Liberals unseated the Tories in a general election last year, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau scaled back Canada's participation in the coalition, ordering the withdrawal of Canadian fighter jets but increasing the number of military trainers in Iraq.
On several occasions, Trudeau has reaffirmed his government's commitment to “fight terrorism in all its forms” and work closely with allies.
ADEI AD, West Bank, Jan. 2 (UPI) -- Tensions flared Friday in a West Bank outpost after settlers threw rocks at U.S. consulate staff members, who in turn drew firearms.
The U.S. diplomats entered the Adei Ad settlement to investigate allegations that Jewish settlers uprooted 5,000 Palestinian-owned olive saplings a day earlier. The owners of the trees suspect Jewish settlers were responsible for the vandalism.
An Israeli police spokeswoman told Haaretz the U.S. officials hadn't first coordinated the visit with Israeli officials.
"Rocks were thrown at them by residents of Adei Ad. We are investigating. Arrests have yet to be made," the spokeswoman, said.
Witnesses said the diplomats drew an M16 and a sidearm in reaction to the stone-throwing, though no shots were fired. No injuries were reported, though the diplomatic vehicles suffered damage.
The U.S. diplomats canceled their visit after the confrontation.
Washington has been critical of Israel's settlement policy in the West Bank, an area controlled by the Palestinian Authority, a policy regarded as illegal under international law. Confrontations between United States personnel and Israelis are rare.
About a half-million Israelis live in Palestinian-controlled East Jerusalem and the West Bank, of a total population of about 2.5 million.
The United States has long considered the Israeli settlements an impediment to any peace talks between Israel and Palestine.
What was life like for ordinary people in the Middle Ages? Since we can't ask anyone who was around it's a rather difficult question to answer. So what do we do, you ask? Easy, we dig up skeletons.
A new study of 822 medieval skeletons found in Denmark tell a cruel tale of the life of men in the Middle Ages. The scientists looked at fractured skulls and it looks as though men who survived a skull fracture faced six times the risk of meeting an earlier death than healthy men.
The study provides entirely new insight into what it was like to live with a fractured skull in the Middle Ages and can tell us about ordinary people's risk of dying.
"This is one of the first times in biological anthropology that we go behind the skeletons and reveal something about what it was like to live in that period. For many years we'e been able to say something about general mortality in the past and to relate something about the diseases which raged back then -- but this study is one of the first to say something about how mortality risk varied from one person to another," says study author Jesper Lier Boldsen, assistant professor at the Department of Anthropology (ADBOU) at the Institute of Forensic Medicine, University of Southern Denmark.
The results have been published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) and the method used by the scientists is entirely new. Another professor of forensic medicine sees many potential uses of the method -- which could provide us with even more information about the living conditions of people in medieval times.
"In my opinion the method is just as exciting as the results. The model they've used can be applied to other things -- and that's important. We'll be able to study other skeletal fractures and their effects. I'm full of admiration," says Professor Niels Lynnerup of the Forensic Anthropology Unit at the Department of Forensic Medicine, Copenhagen University.
Study contributes to knowledge of life expectancy in medieval times
The scientists used a mathematical model along with knowledge of the skeletons' gender and age to calculate when the various individuals died. The model showed that injured men had an average age of 41, whereas men who had not sustained fractured skulls lived for an average of 42.7 years.
"If people's risk of sustaining a fractured skull follows this model, and we have determined the general mortality races the entire population, we can then deduce that people with fractured skulls are younger than one might expect. So the mortality risk for men with fractured skulls is greater," says Boldsen.
Lynnerup finds the study interesting because it contributes to our knowledge of how people lived in the Middle Ages.
"It's exciting in the sense that it seeks to answer the big question of how long people lived back then. Their [study authors] examination of skull fractures is elegant because it looks at something so specific. And although we're only left with a skeleton they can still contribute to knowledge about how fragile mankind was," says Lynnerup.
Skeletons can tell our story
It may sound rather odd to examine several hundred year old skeletons for skull fractures but according to Boldsen, the skeletons are some of our only remaining sources when it comes to studying our history and ancestors.
"It stems from a desire to characterise society, taking the lives of ordinary people as our starting point. Ordinary people left practically no written sources. The people who become visible in written sources are those who were very rich, but what happened to the ordinary citizens of Odense and Jutland [regions in Denmark]? Nobody was interested in them -- so if we want to learn something about ordinary people's lives and their history we have to examine their skeletons. That's all we have available to us," says Boldsen.
He explains that a number of other projects have already begun and that the skeleton collection will also here contribute to more knowledge about what life was like for ordinary people in the Middle Ages.
"A lot of international research is looking at Danish history. One topic is how leprosy affected premature death. We're also interested in finding out how much people moved around -- and it will also be possible to examine when children were weaned off their mother's breast milk and began to eat ordinary food. Now we have many opportunities to bring these historic populations to life," says Boldsen.
-------------
Read the original story in Danish on Videnskab.dk
Former Ottawa Senators coach Cory Clouston has been hired as coach of the Western Hockey League's Brandon Wheat Kings.He's replacing Kelly McCrimmon, who resigned after seven seasons to focus solely on his role as general manager.Clouston had spent the previous three seasons coaching the Senators, but was fired at the end of the 2010-11 season."Cory is a tremendously proven, experienced head coach," McCrimmon said. "He's had great success in the WHL, in Kootenay as well as four years of professional experience since then. He will add value to our organization and contribute positively to the development of our coaching staff and players."Clouston has experience in the WHL, having coached the Kootenay Ice for five seasons (2001-07). He went 209-114-37, went to the playoffs each season and was named WHL Coach of the Year twice."Coming to Brandon and joining the Wheat Kings is a great fit ... both hockey wise and for me and my family," Clouston said. "The Wheat Kings have always been one of the most respected teams in junior hockey and having the opportunity to work with Kelly is something that I'm really looking forward to."Clouston went 95-83-20 in two full seasons with the Senators and part of a third. He replaced Craig Hartsburg 48 games into the 2008-09 season, and in 2009-10 he guided the Senators to a fifth-place finish in the Eastern Conference. Last season, however, the Senators finished 13th in conference.
After USPS took a few extra days to hold onto my gift, I was thrilled to come home from work to find my secret santa gift waiting for me! The package itself was heavy and pretty large, so I was really excited to tear into it! All the gifts were wrapped individually and BEAUTIFULLY. I was going to take everything out and photograph the presents individually, but then I was too impatient and decided to just tear into them!
I'm pretty sure that my Santa has SUPREB stalking skills, because not only were all their gifts totally perfect for me, they also picked out some of my favorite posts. The closeup of the "you burned my tongue like the asshole motherfucker you are" is from one of my favorite tumblr posts. Inside, I got an assortment of loose leaf tea! Perfect because I totally love tea and hate asshole motherfuckers!
Anyway, like I mentioned, I was going to photograph every single thing but I kept saying "OH MY GOD!" and couldn't stop grinning as soon as I finished opening the tea and just kept going!
The gifts my Santa picked out for me were amazing... I got a Sally Hansen peppermint nailpolish (which I promptly put on, how adorable!), two little hand sanitizers (both of which smelled amazing, and are very apt because I'm a bit of a germaphobe during cold and flu season), a Hard Candy Lash Ink mascara (soo excited to try this out), ANOTHER Hard Candy Makeup set (seriously, at this point I was so flipping excited), and a Yankee Candle Car freshener.
So at this point I'm over the moon with my Santa, because all of their gifts were phenomenally cool, but then I saw that I still had TWO LARGE BOXES left!
...
Okay, so in addition to all the amazing things my Santa got me... drum roll please, MY SANTA GOT ME A HAIR STRAIGHTENER!! That is so incredibly generous of you, thank you so much! I am so excited to start using this, since my old one is just terrible.
Okay, so even after all the small wonderful gifts and a HAIR STRAIGHTENER, my Santa got me ANOTHER gift-- a mini curling iron! I already tried it out and it works WONDERFULLY and even better, since it's small, I will easily be able to stash it in my dorm room when I go back to school in the spring.
So, all in all, my Santa went WAY above and beyond and delivered an incredible gift package. THANK YOU SO MUCH!
It, the big-screen adaptation of Stephen King's novel about a child-killing clown, shattered US box-office records over the weekend, earning $117.2m from 4,103 locations, according to studio estimates on Sunday.
Not only is It now the largest ever opening for a horror movie and the largest September opening of all time, the film more than doubled the earnings of the previous record holders. Before this weekend, Paranormal Activity 3 had the biggest horror opening with $52.6m from 2011, and the highest September debut was Hotel Transylvania 2's $48.5m in 2015.
“We blew past everyone's most optimistic and aggressive projections and I think there might be room for us to grow this weekend even still,” said Jeff Goldstein, president of domestic distribution at Warner Bros, the studio behind the film.
Stephen King horror It: Pennywise, the Losers and Stranger Things – discuss with spoilers Read more
Goldstein said he was conservative with Sunday projections due to the confounding factors of the film's R-rating, the popularity of late-night showings, the beginning of the American football season and Hurricane Irma. It's high totals are more astounding, considering that the film, directed by Andy Muschietti, cost only $35m to produce.
The film's success was helped by a lack of other new releases over the weekend, save for the Reese Witherspoon romantic comedy Home Again, which came in a very distant second with $9m. In third place was The Hitman's Bodyguard, with $4.9m, Annabelle: Creation took fourth with $4 million, and Wind River rounded out the top five with $3.2 million.
The success of It also comes after an underperforming summer moviegoing season that left the year to date box office down 6.5% from last year, and prompted talk of an industry in crisis. Now, with It factored in, the year is down only 5.5%.
“There has been a lot written about the demise of the box office. This seems to come up every few years and it's all content driven. If there are good movies out there, the public will embrace them and be excited to see them. If we come up with movies they are not interested in, they stay away,” Goldstein said. “This is a movie they wanted to see.”
Starring Bill Skårsgard as the homicidal clown Pennywise, It is the first of a two-part series. The second is slated to come out in 2019.
Updates stories posted Monday at 9:18 a.m. and at 2:30 p.m.
AMHERST — Police have identified the student involved in posting a message on a Facebook page that led to the closing of the Amherst Regional High School and South East Street campus Monday.
Police will not identify the student, and no charges have been filed. School will reopen on Tuesday.
“The student's parents have been an integral part of this investigation and have taken custody of the student,” Amherst Police Lt. Ronald Young wrote in a press release.
The investigation is ongoing. “Investigators continue to review digital data and interview witnesses,” Young said.
Police will also continue working with the school district “to uncover the facts of the incident and to promote a safe environment for students and faculty,” according to the release.
The school was closed Monday to staff, students and families because of concerns about safety, said Kimberly Stender, of the Community, Partnerships & Volunteers Office of the Superintendent.
“We take any threats of this nature seriously, so yes, an investigation was initiated immediately, and is currently still ongoing,” Police Chief Scott P. Livingstone wrote in an email.
The message that initiated the investigation was posted on the Amherst Regional High School Confessions Facebook page: “tbh im packin modtly (sic) everyday at school. but since im calm and am able to keep my composure noone dies. i have it for protection yet ppl still think they can bully me." TBH means "to be honest."
The page states: “A page for ARHS students to post anything they want 100% anonymously. Hate will be ignored.” The student's posting has been taken down.
Stender said parents have been understanding. "They're very thankful (for the school's concerns),” she said.
Superintendent Maria Geryk and high school principal Mark Jackson will meet with parents at 7 p.m. at the Amherst Regional Middle School.
On Tuesday, Jackson will meet with faculty before students arrive. He will then address students on the intercom. According to a press release, he will talk about the chronology of events over the last two days, reassure everyone that safety is the first priority and itemize the steps taken to secure the building.
He will reiterate the importance of "our obligations, as members of the same community, to each other. This includes the importance of coming forward with information when members of our community are in distress," according to the release.
Carlton has secured the talents of South Australian small forward Kym LeBois in the 2016 rookie draft.
Taken with the Club's No.5 pick, LeBois is known for his skills, pace and goal awareness.
Two years ago the 18-year-old moved from his home town of Ceduna, located on the west coast of the Eyre Peninsula, to Adelaide, in order to further his football career.
Since making the move LeBois has been playing for the Roosters in the SANFL, and has also been a member of Port Adelaide's Aboriginal Academy.
Welcome to Carlton, Kym LeBois! The South Australian small forward joins us at pick 5 in the rookie draft. #AFLDraft #BoundByBlue pic.twitter.com/MYl5HARll6 — Carlton FC (@CarltonFC) November 28, 2016
Football smarts run in the family, with the elusive forward related to Essendon and Port champ Gavin Wanganeen, as well as former Bomber Alwyn Davey.
Carlton's General Manager of List Management and Strategy Stephen Silvagni says LeBois is an “elusive” small forward with great agility.
“Although Kym is on the smaller side, he's very elusive and hard to tackle,” Silvagni said.
“He's got great speed and is a beautiful kick on his left side, so it's a real weapon for him.”
LeBois joins former Docker Alex Silvagni as the Blues' new rookies, while Ciaran Sheehan and Andrew Gallucci have been re-rookie listed.
Welcome, Kym!
STATS
DOB: 22.5.1998
Position: Small forward
Height: 175cm
Weight: 66kg
Club: North Adelaide/Koonibba
HE SAID IT:
“I think a lot of this year I've tried to model my game on Alwyn; that forward line pressure he puts on and the goal sense that he has. If I can keep trying to do what he does it will go a long way. This year I've also liked watching Eddie Betts and Cyril Rioli, they're stars of the game, so trying to base my game around them as well.”
- LeBois speaks to SANFL radio ahead of the 2016 national draft.
Trump's Fractured Relationship With Congress Causes GOP Dread
Enlarge this image toggle caption Olivier Douliery/Pool/Getty Images Olivier Douliery/Pool/Getty Images
Updated 10 a.m. ET
Escalating tension between Capitol Hill and the White House is threatening the GOP's legislative agenda and testing the bonds of party unity under the Trump administration.
An unscripted and angry President Trump unloaded on Congress at a campaign rally in Phoenix, leaving lawmakers increasingly apprehensive about the party's ambitious fall agenda that includes an overhaul of the entire federal tax code.
Instead of hammering that message, the president used his bully pulpit to criticize Republicans for failing to pass a long-promised health care bill to dismantle the Affordable Care Act.
"Obamacare is a disaster and think — think! We were just one vote away from victory after seven years of everybody proclaiming 'repeal and replace!' One vote away!" Trump said, in reference to Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., who cast the decisive vote in the Senate.
Trump did not name McCain, who is undergoing treatment for brain cancer, but his intention was clear.
" 'It's disappointing' is probably the most nice thing I can say about that," Rep. Adam Kinzinger, R-Ill., told CNN in response to Trump's comments about McCain.
Trump also implicitly attacked Arizona's junior senator, Jeff Flake, who has been one of the party's most vocal Trump critics. The president said Flake is "weak on borders and weak on crime" and that "nobody knows who the hell he is."
The president called on the Senate to end the chamber's defining characteristic — the filibuster — to lower the threshold for most legislation from 60 votes to 51 and force his agenda through Congress. There is bipartisan opposition to doing so in the Senate. The health care bill failed in July despite being produced under a process that required only 51 votes.
Trump even threatened a government shutdown in September if Republicans don't deliver him a spending bill that includes the money he wants to start building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.
"Now the obstructionist Democrats would like us not to do it, but believe me, if we have to close down the government, we're building that wall," Trump said, to a cheering crowd in Arizona, just hours after visiting a U.S. Customs and Border Patrol facility. Speaking to reporters on Air Force One on Wednesday, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that Trump "has definite plans to make sure that it gets built" but would not reiterate the shutdown threat.
At a Wednesday event in Oregon to promote upcoming tax legislation, House Speaker Paul Ryan was instead forced to answer questions about whether Republicans are going to shut down the government. "I don't think anyone is interested in having a shutdown. I don't think it is in our interests to do so," Ryan told reporters.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell tried to tamp down reports that he and the president are at odds and have not spoken in weeks.
In a statement on Wednesday, McConnell said he is in "regular contact" with Trump about their "shared goals" that include tax, infrastructure and defense bills, as well as plans to fund the government and raise the debt ceiling, the nation's legal borrowing limit needed to pay the nation's bills.
"We have a lot of work ahead of us, and we are committed to advancing our shared agenda together and anyone who suggests otherwise is clearly not part of the conversation," McConnell said.
The White House responded with a similar statement, saying the two men "remain united on many shared priorities." Still, Trump sent tweets critical of McConnell and Ryan on Thursday morning.
Sanders was asked about the New York Times report of McConnell expressing doubt that Trump can salvage his presidency and whether being so tough on Senate Republicans is the right approach. She told reporters traveling with Trump on Wednesday, "I think everybody knows this president isn't somebody who backs down, and if he thinks that you need to lean in a little bit, he certainly will."
But what's also clear is that if Trump continues to provoke Republicans — like he has by suggesting he could support an opponent to Flake in his Senate GOP primary — that will put him firmly at odds with McConnell. The Senate GOP campaign operation as a matter of policy supports all of its incumbents for re-election, and Flake is widely seen as the best candidate to keep Arizona a GOP-held seat. This week, the Senate Leadership Fund, a superPAC close to McConnell, ran a digital attack ad against a GOP candidate opposing Flake whom Trump has voiced support for.
It's also clear that frustrations are rising over the August break because of the president's ambiguous response to the racist violence in Charlottesville, Va., as well as his continued inability to focus his message to promote the GOP plan to overhaul the tax code.
Democratic opposition, meanwhile, has deepened and as a result has lowered the already dim prospects for bipartisanship.
A group of House Democrats has introduced a censure resolution — or formal rebuke — of the president for his handling of Charlottesville. At least 78 Democrats have signed on as co-sponsors. Also in August, Rep. Steve Cohen of Tennessee became the third Democrat to formally call for moving forward with articles of impeachment against Trump.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer have already said they oppose GOP efforts to include money in a pending spending bill to pay for a border wall. Pelosi reiterated that opposition Wednesday.
"President Trump's multibillion-dollar border wall boondoggle is strongly opposed by Democrats and many Republicans. Democrats will stand fast against the immoral, ineffective border wall," she said in a statement.
Congress returns Sept. 5, and there are only 12 legislative days that month to find at least short-term solutions to keeping the government open and raising the debt limit.
Republicans are increasingly candid about their apprehension about what is to come this fall.
"[The president's] hands, at the end of the day, are going to be driven by what the legislature does or does not do, and you better find a way to work with them because at the end of the day they can, again, stymie your efforts or they can actually move them forward," Rep. Mark Sanford, R-S.C., a former governor, told CNN. "And so it's a real problem from the standpoint of him advancing his legislative agenda."
Either Americans don't trust their government, or they have a lot of respect for aliens' stealthiness.
Thirty-six percent of Americans think aliens have visited Earth, and almost 80 percent believe the government has kept information about UFOs a secret from the public, a new survey finds.
The survey, conducted ahead of National Geographic's new series Chasing UFOs, asked 1,100 Americans 18 and older for their extraterrestrial opinions.
As it turns out, the idea of aliens and UFOs isn't that farfetched to most Americans.
Here are some of the survey's most surprising findings:
-More than three quarters (77 percent) of those surveyed believe there are signs that aliens have visited Earth, and over half (55 percent) think Men in Black-style agents threaten those who report seeing them.
-More than a third (36 percent) believe aliens have already visited.
-Eighty percent believe the government has hidden information on UFOs from the public.
-Nearly two thirds (65 percent) think President Obama would be a better leader than Mitt Romney if an alien invasion were to happen.
-When it comes to superheroes, 21 percent think the Hulk would be their first call in an invasion, 12 percent would call Batman, and 8 percent say Spider-Man's their guy.
-In the event of an invasion, the respondents themselves would leave the fighting to superheroes and presidents, it seems--about a fourth said they would try to befriend the aliens, 13 percent said they would hide indoors, and just 5 percent said they'd try to "inflict bodily harm" on the invaders.
-Just 17 percent of those polled did not belive in UFOs; about half said they were unsure.
Seth Cline is a reporter with U.S. News and World Report. Contact him at scline@usnews.com or follow him on Twitter.
https://www.reddit.com/user/PM_ME_YOUR_STRENGTH written by
The podcast is similar to the ‘Mirror of Erised' from the Harry Potter series.
On the outside, it looks like an ancient mirror that has a standard function: to reflect an image.
Harry looked at the mirror and saw a reflection of his deepest, most desperate desire. The reflection was his mother and father standing by his side during times of turmoil.
DVDASA is the Mirror of Erised. As members of this community/family, we watch and listen to a three hour podcast that has the same message, but we all interpret its content in a unique way.
The show was never meant to change anyones life. The viewer is supposed to change his/her own life with the assistance of the show. An interesting note for any Harry Potter fans: The word 'Erised' is desire spelled backwards.
Dave complains about a certain number of fans that fail to realize the effort he put into becoming the best. This happened to me at the peak of my DVDASA addiction.
I'll use the same Harry Potter analogy. When Harry was staring into the Mirror of Erised, Dumbledore shared a significant piece of advice that can be applied to all DVDASA fans:
“Men have wasted away before it, not knowing if what they have seen is real, or even possible.”
Wizards of the past were in awe of the Mirror of Erised's function. They were so mesmerized that they spent their entire lives just staring at their deepest, most desperate desires. I used to watch DVDASA so much to a point of exhaustion. It took me a while to realize that even though I was enjoying my time listening to the show and their awesome stories, my own life remained stagnant and I felt a wave of depression as the episode ended to the tune of “Gook Boy”.
I absolutely love this show. I almost ruined my life by watching/replaying it everyday and night. I'm not entirely free from the bliss of DVDASA, but I'm learning to manage my addiction.
LONDON (Reuters) - A cyberattack which shuts down parts of the United States' power grid could cost as much as $1 trillion to the U.S. economy, according to a report published on Wednesday.
Company executives are worried about security breaches, but recent surveys suggest they are not convinced about the value or effectiveness of cyber insurance.
The report from the University of Cambridge Centre for Risk Studies and the Lloyd's of London insurance market outlines a scenario of an electricity blackout that leaves 93 million people in New York City and Washington DC without power.
The scenario, developed by Cambridge, is technologically possible and is assessed to be within the once-in-200-year probability for which insurers should be prepared, the report said.
The hypothetical attack causes a rise in mortality rates as health and safety systems fail, a drop in trade as ports shut down and disruption to transport and infrastructure.
“The total impact to the U.S. economy is estimated at $243 billion, rising to more than $1 trillion in the most extreme version of the scenario,” the report said. The losses come from damage to infrastructure and business supply chains, and are estimated over a five-year time period.
The extreme scenario is built on the greatest loss of power, with 100 generators taken offline, and would lead to insurance industry losses of more than $70 billion, the report added.
There have been 15 suspected cyberattacks on the U.S. electricity grid since 2000, the report said, citing U.S. energy department data.
The U.S. Industrial Control System Cyber Emergency Response Team said that 32 percent of its responses last year to cybersecurity threats to critical infrastructure occurred in the energy sector.
“The evidence of major attacks during 2014 suggests that attackers were often able to exploit vulnerabilities faster than
defenders could remedy them,” Tom Bolt, director of performance management at Lloyd's, said in the report.
Lloyd's syndicates offer cyber insurance but only 160 million pounds ($246.82 million) in cyber insurance premiums are written through London, which amounts to more than 10 percent of the global market.
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers' remaining 17 games are about clinching their division as quickly as possible and turning their attention to fielding the best playoff team they can from the players at their disposal.
They have a surprising array of decisions to make, but one aspect of the puzzle -- a big one -- has been handed to them at an unusually early stage in the process. Barring some kind of historic collapse from one of the two teams, the Dodgers will be playing the New York Mets in the first round.
Among the key decisions to be made is whether they use Clayton Kershaw on three days' rest, as they did in each of the previous two Octobers, or give a potential Game 4 start to Alex Wood, the young left-hander they landed from the Atlanta Braves shortly before the trade deadline.
That decision hasn't yet been made, sources indicate, and it's a good thing too, because on Wednesday morning it would have looked like Kershaw would be a lock to go on short rest. By 9:20 p.m. PT Wednesday, the vibe was "not so fast."
Wood bounced back from the worst start of his career to completely stymie the Colorado Rockies in the Dodgers' 2-0 win at Dodger Stadium Wednesday night. Wood (11-10) allowed just one hit over eight innings, needed just 78 pitches to do so and had a ground-ball rate of 68 percent, comparable to the best sinkerball pitchers in baseball history.
The result wasn't just a win for the Dodgers, it was a restoration of their sanity after the 16-inning game that had dragged into early Wednesday morning. Wood's game lasted 128 minutes, or 3 hours, 15 minutes shorter than the previous one.
"His stuff matched up really well. It just came down to executing," catcher A.J. Ellis said. "He was phenomenal tonight, as good as I've caught him."
It took Alex Wood just 78 pitches to get through eight innings Wednesday, allowing just one hit while striking out five without a walk. AP Photo/Danny Moloshok
The overall numbers suggest Wood is a solid choice to get a start in the postseason. He has done it before, pitching in relief for the Atlanta Braves against the Dodgers two years ago. He has a 3.63 ERA this season and using him against the Mets could line the Dodgers up in the best possible order for a match in the National League Championship Series with one of the powerhouses of the NL Central.
On the other hand, he is 0-3 with a 4.35 ERA in seven career starts against the Mets.
The Dodgers will crunch all of those numbers and dozens if not hundreds of others before spitting out a decision on that question. In the meantime, they reduced their magic number to clinch the NL West to 10 thanks to Wood's mastery and a couple little bursts of offense from a funky lineup necessitated by the late-night baseball from the game before.
The other aspect of all this is they learn a little more about Wood every time he takes the mound and he's one of only two pitchers in their current rotation that they're pretty confident they'll have with them on Opening Day 2016.
They're learning he's a pretty fiery guy, maybe even feisty, despite his less-than-intimidating fastball. When Dodgers manager Don Mattingly went to intercept him in the dugout after the eighth inning to tell him that, no matter what he said, he wouldn't be going out for the ninth inning, Wood refused to shake his hand at first.
"He looked at me kind of funny," Mattingly said. "I just said, ‘That's it. Don't even ask.'"
The Dodgers had Kenley Jansen standing by on two days' rest and they have an open date on Thursday, so barring a four-run lead, they were going to take the ball from Wood at that point and give it to their hard-throwing closer. After the requisite cooling-off period, Wood said he had no problem with the decision and seemed a little embarrassed he pulled back his hand when Mattingly went in for the shake.
"I've always said all I want to do is win," Wood said. "As long as we come out on top, I'm all about it."
Wood called the four days in between starts "long" and said he didn't get a lot of sleep. When he was at the ballpark, he worked with pitching coach Rick Honeycutt on getting his hands to a better position. The results were startlingly different. The previous Friday in Arizona, he had needed 62 pitches to get five outs and he allowed eight runs on eight hits.
He needed 15 pitches to get his first five outs Wednesday.
"My last start, I didn't command my fastball, I couldn't throw my changeup and, obviously, I threw some pretty bad breaking balls," Wood said. "Usually, you have at least one, even on your worst days. Tonight, my fastball was moving in and out, I commanded my changeup and threw breaking balls. It was a good night."
If he can say that a few more times in the coming weeks, who knows, maybe he'll be saying it again amid the mist of champagne in the air.
Dryer sheets are great at keeping clothes soft and free of static, but that's not all they can do! In fact, that's just the tip of the iceberg for these handy sheets. Today I'll be sharing some of my all-time favorite uses for dryer sheets! Not only are these dryer sheet tips useful and practical, but they also give you a way to reuse something you might normally just throw away. Reusing something as small as a dryer sheet might not sound like much, but it all adds up! Anytime you can reuse something instead of throwing it out, you're saving money and doing something good for the environment. What more could you want? :-)
So without further ado, here are 11 useful things you can do with a simple dryer sheet!
11 Brilliant Uses For Dryer Sheets
MY LATEST VIDEOS
1. Ditch Deodorant Marks
No one wants to leave the house with unsightly deodorant marks on their shirt! Use a dryer sheet to quickly rub deodorant marks off your clothes. It's quick and effective, and you'll be out the door in no time!
2. Remove Crayon Marks
You can use a dryer sheet to help remove crayon marks from walls and tabletops. Just rub the crayon marks lightly with a clean dryer sheet, and the marks will disappear.
3. Clean Your Iron
You can use a dryer sheet to help remove gunk from the plate of your clothes iron. Lay a dryer sheet out on your ironing board, and set your iron to its lowest heat setting. Once it has warmed up, rub the iron over the dryer sheet until the residue is gone and the plate is clean.
4. Clean Up Pet Hair
Dryer sheets can be really helpful in your continual efforts to keep your home free of pet hair. Swipe dryer sheets across flooring, furniture, toys, lampshades, and even clothes to clean up pet hair!
5. Fix Problematic Scissors
Are your scissors not cutting as smoothly as they should be? A dryer sheet can help! Carefully rub a used dryer sheet over both of the blades of your scissors. The residue from the dryer sheet will act as a lubricant of sorts, and your scissors should cut more smoothly and effectively.
6. Clean Bugs Off Your Car
Use a damp dryer sheet to gently scrub away bugs from your car's windshield and front bumper. The fabric is abrasive enough to remove stubborn bug marks, but not so harsh that it will damage your car's paint or finish.
7. Remove & Repel Dust
Using dryer sheets for dusting works wonderfully! Not only do the sheets pick up dust, but they also leave behind a residue that can help repel dust in the future. Use dryer sheets to dust baseboards, crown molding, cabinets, and even electronics!
More Ideas You'll Love 10 Unusual Things You Didn't Know You Could Make In Your Crockpot We all love a good crockpot recipe, right? I know I do! The ability to "set it and forget it" is invaluable on those super busy days! But warm and ... Continue Reading
8. Make Firestarters
Place used dryer sheets (and dryer lint, if you have some!) into a cardboard tube from a roll of toilet paper or paper towels. Fold or pinch the ends of the tube to keep the contents inside. Light one end of the firestarter, and you'll have a fire going in no time!
9. Eliminate Soap Scum
Dryer sheets are surprisingly effective at removing soap scum. Just dampen a used dryer sheet with a few drops of water, then scrub away soap scum on your shower door, shower curtain, sink and tile. The gunk will practically slide off!
10. Soil Saver
Place a few used dryer sheets at the bottom of a pot the next time you pot a plant or flowers. The dryer sheets will help keep the soil from falling out of the drainage holes, while still allowing water to pass through.
11. Fight Hair Static
Rub a dryer sheet on the inside of your favorite hats (or even directly on your hair). This will help prevent your hair from getting all static-y when you take off your hat.
Related: 100+ Simple Solutions To Common Beauty Emergencies
Do you have any of your own unexpected uses for dryer sheets?
September is here, which means school is more or less back in session, the temperature is dipping into the high 80s, and your lawn is down to only needing mowing twice a week. In a normal year, September is just the boring preamble to the beginning of the holiday season, or as Wal-Mart sees it, the perfect time to put up Christmas decorations.
But this is an election year, so September means we have to put up with all-encompassing election coverage, political ads, and blathering idiocy for only two more months.
Speaking of blathering idiocy, one of our illustrious candidates this go-round is businessman, “entertainer,” and New York society punchline Donald Trump: a man so unqualified for office that his entire candidacy is being run on insults and blatant lies. Like, really blatant. All the blatant.
Let's forget that he didn't really want the job in the first place and ran for president only because it has proven to be an easy fistful of cash every few years. Being in the public eye is free publicity for all of his businesses, from his bottled water, to his resorts and golf courses, to his line of cheese-puff-dust-turned-self-tanner. It's a sound business decision that he happily torpedoed every four years by being a bombastic asshat once his coffers were full.
If you're from Louisiana and have a problem with corrupt politicians, you shouldn't be voting anyway.
This is the moment when the few Republicans still looking at the presidential race like it's college football will start screaming about Hillary being awful and corrupt. They aren't wrong, but if you're from Louisiana and have a problem with corrupt politicians, you shouldn't be voting anyway.
Yes, Hillary is corrupt, but it's in a way we can understand. It's comforting to see someone so saturated in lies and scandal still marching toward the Oval Office with her head held high. She's also the only one of the two candidates to actually hold office; plus, she lived in the White House for eight years and got a view of how it works from a perspective few are afforded before assuming the office.
Clinton has a Juris Doctor from Yale. She left the university to immediately join the political world, advising the House Judiciary Committee during the Watergate scandal.
Trump has a B.S. in economics from Wharton. He oversaw the renovation of one of his father's properties in New York. Trump mostly stuck to real estate ventures with the help of very experienced people surrounding him to limit his failed business investments, such as purchasing the New Jersey Generals, selling them, and then buying them back before the USFL collapsed under his direction.
He also was Mike Tyson's financial adviser.
Hillary Clinton taught and practiced law before experiencing government up close and personal on the state and national levels, and then serving eight years as a U.S. senator and four as secretary of state.
Is she dirty, underhanded, and conniving? Yes! But in a way that will keep the ball rolling while we as a country sit back, catch our breath, and figure out how to promote competent and trustworthy candidates eight years from now.
Remember: He'd be wandering around the planet yelling this stuff at foreign leaders on your behalf. The president has a well-stocked nuclear bunker and an escape plan. You do not.
Unfortunately, the angry conservatives who just want a rich white guy back in office have soaked up Drumpf's B.S. rhetoric as he mounts the pulpit again and again to scream out the most obscene ignorance he can come up with on the fly in an attempt to turn them off. But like David Vitter being yelled at by a dominatrix for crapping his diaper, it only seems to get them going.
So, this month, I'm offering you quotes from a man seeking to attain the highest office on the planet in a time when we as a country are witnessing escalating tensions on a global scale. Remember: He'd be wandering around the planet yelling this stuff at foreign leaders on your behalf. The president has a well-stocked nuclear bunker and an escape plan. You do not.
It's like voting for the kid in the locker room who tells the bully that you made fun of his mother before running out into the gym to yell “Fight!” so kids will rush in and watch while he sells them candy bars. Just think on it.
No one will see you vote in November (aside from the NSA, FBI, CIA, Anonymous, Russian and Chinese hackers, and whoever decides to check WikiLeaks and Edward Snowden's Twitter page). You can tell everyone whatever you want when you leave the booth. Say you voted for Trump. Say you voted for Gary Johnson or Jill Stein. Hell, say you voted for James Hedges, of the Prohibition Party.
Just don't doom the Earth while you're in there.
VIRGO (Aug. 22-Sept. 23): “Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.” Perhaps Trump's most telling and well-known quote, which outlines his motivation for staying in the race this long. At 70, how much money do you need? The presidency is just one more thing to “get.”
LIBRA (Sept. 24-Oct. 23): “Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog and will do it again – just watch. He can do better!” (1) How do dogs cheat on people? My dogs have never cheated on me. We barely cuddle. (2) No. No, he can't.
SCORPIO (Oct. 24-Nov. 22): “I was down there, and I watched our police and our firemen, down on 7/11, down at the World Trade Center, right after it came down.” How do you even make your mouth say the date wrong?
PISCES (Feb. 20-Mar. 20): “I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters, OK?” I think he should prove it.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 23-Dec. 22): “Why can't we use nuclear weapons?” He asked his foreign policy adviser this question. Three times. In one meeting.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 23-Jan. 20): “We won with the poorly educated. I love the poorly educated.” We know. Your promo item of choice is a cheap trucker's cap.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 21-Feb. 19): “He's not a war hero. He's a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren't captured.” Trump (four-time draft dodger) said this of John McCain (POW for 5½ years, during which he was severely tortured, and recipient of the Navy Commendation Medal, Legion of Merit, Purple Heart, Bronze Star Medal, and Silver Star, among others).
PISCES (Feb. 20-Mar. 20): “I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters, OK?” I think he should prove it.
ARIES (Mar. 21-Apr. 20): “He referred to my hands: If they're small, something else must be small. I guarantee you, there's no problem. I guarantee it.” The 70-year-old, then-future Republican nominee for president of the United States defended his penis size during a GOP presidential debate.
TAURUS (Apr. 21-May 21): “You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes. Blood coming out of her wherever.” Megyn Kelly asked Trump difficult questions. He responded by referring to her menses.
GEMINI (May 22-June 21): “I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me. … I would bomb the shit out of them.” No, he doesn't. No, he wouldn't.
CANCER (June 22-July 22): “You know, it really doesn't matter what [the media] write as long as you've got a young and beautiful piece of ass.” Conservative family values candidate in reference to one of the three mothers of his five children.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 21): “Now, the poor guy — you've got to see this guy. ‘Ah, I don't know what I said! I don't remember!'” This was said while he moaned and flailed his arms in the manner of a 5-year-old on the playground making fun of a mentally retarded person, in front of a crowd and on camera, in reference to New York Times reporter Serge Kovaleski, whose arthrogryposis restricts his arm movement.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS, Indiana - A seven-year-old boy is covered from head to toe in extreme bruises, allegedly at the hands of his mother.
Prosecutors say 30-year-old Kin Park Thaing, a Burmese immigrant, admitted to beating her son with a coat hanger because she believed he was about to harm his younger sister.
The boy's teacher noticed 36 large welts and bruising on his head, back, arm, and leg. She notified police, and Thaing was arrested, charged with battery and neglect of a dependent.
Now her attorney has filed a motion to dismiss the charges based on Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which passed last year.
The attorney claims the woman's religious beliefs exempt her from punishment, pointing to this Biblical passage: "Do not withhold discipline from a child; if you strike him with a rod he will not die. If you strike him with the rod, you will save his soul from Sheol," Proverbs 23:13, 14.
The judge, however, denied dismissing the charges.
Marion County prosecutor Terry Curry calls the mother's actions "clear criminal conduct."
"You're entitled to spank your child, however there is a line at which that becomes unreasonable," Curry said. "We believe that this particular defendant went way over that line."
Legal experts say Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act is not meant to protect parents who are child abusers.
Thaing will go to trial in October.
WTHR News reports that since Indiana lawmakers passed RFRA in 2015, the First Church of Cannabis in Indianapolis has used the new law to make a case for smoking pot while in church, while another man argued that his religious beliefs freed him from prosecution in a criminal tax case.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Roland Buerk says that people are pleased that they have been given some idea of how long the crisis could last
Remote-controlled robots are being used at the quake-hit Fukushima nuclear plant to measure radiation levels.
The readings from two reactor buildings showed a "harsh environment" for humans to work in, complicating efforts to stabilise the damaged reactors.
It comes a day after the plant operator said it expected to bring the crisis under control by the end of the year.
New opinion polls suggest a majority of people in Japan are dissatisfied with the government's handling of events.
The polls, published in three national newspapers, suggest that Japanese people are losing patience, more than a month after the country was hit by a devastating earthquake and tsunami.
Two-thirds of those surveyed said they backed increased taxes to pay for reconstruction, the cost of which has been estimated at $300bn (£184bn) - the most expensive natural disaster in history.
'Unforeseen setbacks'
Engineers are still struggling to bring the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant under control after vital cooling systems were knocked out by the tsunami.
Emergency workers have been unable to enter any reactor building since the disaster.
Image caption A UK firm's robots are being used to take readings in reactors
Elevated levels of radiation were measured by robots inside the buildings housing reactors No 1 and 3 on Sunday.
The plant's operator Tokyo Electric Power Co (Tepco) said exposure to radiation levels in the No 3 reactor for four-and-a-half hours would exceed the emergency safety limit for power plant workers.
Oxygen densities in both buildings were about 21%, high enough for workers to enter the buildings, the firm said.
"It's a harsh environment for humans to work inside," said Hidehiko Nishiyama of Japan's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency (Nisa).
Tepco is planning to send robots to take measurements inside the No 2 reactor later on Monday.
Tepco spokesman Takeshi Makigami said: "What robots can do is limited, so eventually, people must enter the buildings."
The plant operator said it hoped to reduce radiation leaks in three months and to cool the reactors within nine months.
Top government spokesman Yukio Edano acknowledged that Tepco's plans were feasible, but warned there could be unforeseen setbacks.
"I believe that this is definitely a workable solution. However, there are frequent aftershocks as we speak, and unfortunately, there have been cases where the situation deteriorated from lack of measures."
Mr Edano said he hoped some of the tens of thousands of families evacuated from the area around the power station would be allowed to go home eventually, but that it was hard to say when.
When pressed by reporters, he refused to confirm whether he believed they would all be able to return.
The issue for people in Japan is a shortage of information, says the BBC's Roland Buerk in Tokyo.
About two-thirds of respondents in the telephone polls conducted over the weekend by the Asahi Shimbun, Mainichi Shimbun and the Nikkei business daily said Prime Minister Naoto Kan should be replaced.
Opposition leaders have been urging the prime minister to resign, accusing him of weak leadership.
Mr Kan again faced criticism in parliament on Monday - with one opposition lawmaker suggesting he had been ill-prepared from the outset.
Mr Kan remained defiant, saying: "Japan has never before faced a crisis like this... We are doing our utmost."
He said he has no plans to resign before rebuilding Japan.
The latest police figures put the death toll from the 11 March disaster at 13,843, while more than 14,000 people remain unaccounted for.
Half of those killed were elderly; 95% of the dead in Miyagi prefecture, one of the worst-hit areas, drowned, according to new police statistics.
Japanese buildings are highly engineered and most withstood the record earthquake - the tsunami it triggered was the bigger killer, our correspondent says.
*Editor's note: This story has been updated throughout.
Jack Stick, the top lawyer for the Texas Health and Human Services Commission, is resigning his post amid a crumbling state contract with data analytics from 21CT.
The commission's Office of Inspector General, or OIG, has been under scrutiny for the way it decided to award a highly sought-after contract to the company to detect fraud and waste and later a potential vendor to sub in for another disintegrating project contract to store and sort the sprawling health agency's data into searchable, cataloged material. The state tentatively awarded the contract to 21CT outside the formal bidding process, Janek has said. The contract, originally set at $20 million, is about to expire, and the OIG had proposed a $90 million, three-year extension.
"Contractors have raised issues about the procurement for this project,” Kyle Janek, the agency's executive commissioner, said in a statement Friday. “I've looked into those concerns, and I'm not comfortable with the process used so I've withdrawn the request for state approval to extend the project and notified the OIG.”
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Stick worked with 21CT throughout his term at OIG and as the agency considered which company to hire for the storage project, Stick suggested there might be overlap in the new data project and services the company provided, Janek has said. In September, Janek, Stick's boss and a Gov. Rick Perry appointee, defended Stick's work ethic and professionalism.
But agency spokeswoman Stephanie Goodman said Friday that Stick offered his resignation to Janek and Janek accepted.
“Regardless of the merits of this project, we cannot have doubts about the fairness of the procurement process,” Janek said Friday. “Our business should be conducted in the light of day in a transparent bid process open to all qualified companies."
Janek's announcement follows an Austin American-Statesman investigation into the contract.
In a statement Saturday, Irene Williams, the CEO of 21CT, said the claim that its contract with the Health and Human Services Commission is not competitive is "patently false."
"I am proud of 21CT's professionalism during the Texas HHSC procurement process and that our work identified over $200 million in potential Medicaid fraud in Texas over the past two years," Williams said in the statement. "In each and every state and within the federal government where we work, we readily adhere to the requirements for contracting. We aggressively bid on and competitively win the work, fair and square.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
21CT spokesman Kyle Flaherty said the company plans to continue its relationship with the commission and will be vying for future contracts.
"For two years, 21CT has used the normal state contracting process to win good work and earn the trust of our customer at HHSC," Flaherty said. "21CT stands ready to compete with big guys and to prove that our patented technology can efficiently fight health care fraud while protecting good health care providers and consumers."
Separately, Stick has been in hot water for fighting a 2012 charge of driving while intoxicated in Austin's entertainment district. Stick is set to face a jury trial Feb. 19 on that charge.
Before he arrived at the commission's Office of Inspector General in 2011, Stick was a state representative for House District 50, a municipal court judge in Bee Cave and a longtime friend of Perry.
THE Audi A8, the German luxury brand's new flagship limousine, will be able to roll itself over slightly to protect occupants from a crash, the carmaker has revealed.
The technology, which uses the A8's safety systems to detect if a side-on crash is about to happen, will lift that side of the car 80mm in less than half a second, allowing the stronger door frame and body sill to absorb more of the impact.
The technology is made possible by the A8's 48-volt main electrical system – technology the carmaker has already rolled out in the SQ7, Audi's performance-honed large SUV, to power an electric compressor used to boost engine power.
Other high-demand electrical components suited to 48-volt systems include a mild hybrid drivetrain.
For the new active chassis technology, the A8 has an electromechanical unit at each corner of the suspension system. They are managed by an electronic chassis platform (ECP) central control unit that is integrated in to other vehicle systems.
Each unit is capable of applying up to 1100Nm of force to either compress or extend the suspension arms, depending on the road conditions and driving style.
During fast cornering the active system can counter the compression of the outside wheels, reducing bodyroll, and can minimise pitch and dive during heavy acceleration or braking by applying force to either the front or rear suspension.
The technology also uses information from the vehicle's forward-facing camera to spot obstacles on the road and adjust the suspension to suit them. While a conventional suspension set up would crash into a pothole or over a speed bump, Audi's active system will move the wheel with the obstacle, minimising the unpleasant sensation transmitted through to the cabin and its occupants.
The result is a combination of sharper vehicle dynamics and driver reward when negotiating exciting roads, and increased occupant comfort when cruising or being chauffeured.
There are also safety advantages. If the A8 senses the likelihood of a side impact with another vehicle, the suspension on the exposed side is raised. Occupants experience a load reduction of up to 50 per cent, says Audi.
Complementing the active suspension technology are air suspension and rear-wheel steering, which enables a number of driving modes according to driver and passenger preference, and reduced turning circle – the A8 will loop back on itself in a tighter turn than an A4, according to the German carmaker.
A complete rundown of the new Audi A8's features and technology including range wide hybrid technology, self-parking and weight-saving design will be detailed at the Audi Summit in Barcelona on July 11.
(WSB photo: Genesee closed on Tuesday, before crew discovered things weren't working out)
The latest on the road-work saga we've been following over the past few days, with the help of neighbors in the work zones: SDOT confirms the work to improve traction on the steep hills of SW Genesee (east of Avalon) and SW Charlestown (west of 46th) is indeed on indefinite hold – because the crews, well, couldn't get traction. SDOT spokesperson Marybeth Turner elaborates:
The asphalt grinding work to improve traction is on hold until further notice. The contractor was able to grind the level portion of Southwest Charlestown Street (45-46th), but encountered difficulty with the equipment as the contractor's crews moved onto the hill (46-47th). The contractor explains that this type of grinding generally takes place on wide, level highways and the equipment was not built with steep grades in mind. The newer, higher power model machine they tried was unable to climb the hill and grind at the same time, even with support from an auxiliary vehicle. The contractor is looking at alternate machinery and methods to see if there is a way to improve traction on the remaining locations on Southwest Charlestown Street, Southwest Genesee Street, and West Dravus Street.
The problem was not encountered in the first work zone, on Olson at the east end of Roxbury, when crews were there last weekend – as you probably know, it's not nearly as steep.
Capital gains tax discount cut for superannuation funds under consideration by Government
Updated
The Federal Government is contemplating halving the capital gains tax discount for superannuation funds, in its quest to find money to fund income tax cuts.
Key points: Government mulls halving super fund capital gains tax from 33 per cent to 15 per cent
Finance Minister refuses to confirm the proposal
Industry Super Australia warns cuts could increase speculative short term investment
If it does, it would appear to be at odds with the Prime Minister's bold declaration to Parliament that: "Increasing capital gains tax is no part of our thinking whatsoever."
Malcolm Turnbull made the statement in a swingeing attack on Labor's policies to limit tax deductions on investment properties to new homes and to halve the capital gains tax discount on assets held for more than a year from 50 per cent to 25 per cent.
On capital gains, Mr Turnbull said the change would hammer investors because the tax on their real gain after inflation would be 70 per cent.
"Nothing could be more calculated to put the brakes on investment, jobs and growth," he said.
But when questioned about the statement the Prime Minister's office said he was only ruling out the tax options proposed by Labor, which focus on property.
What are capital gains?
Capital gains are the profits that a fund, or an individual, makes on the sale of an asset. Capital gains tax is imposed on those profits.
Currently, superannuation funds are given a 33 per cent discount on the tax they need to pay on the profits they make on the sale of an asset (as long as it is held for more than 12 months).
The Prime Minister is now looking to halve that, meaning while the tax rate remains the same, the discount given would fall to 15 per cent. are the profits that a fund, or an individual, makes on the sale of an asset.is imposed on those profits.Currently, superannuation funds are given a 33 per cent discount on the tax they need to pay on the profits they make on the sale of an asset (as long as it is held for more than 12 months).The Prime Minister is now looking to halve that, meaning while the tax rate remains the same, the discount given would fall to 15 per cent.
Finance Minister Mathias Cormann refused to confirm the proposal when asked by the ABC.
"It's a matter of public record that we have been looking right across the whole of the tax system to assess opportunities for improvements," he said.
"The announcements, the specific announcements will of course be made when we have finished that work. I'm not going to add to the speculation."
How can we take Turnbull seriously? Opposition hits back
Shadow treasurer Chris Bowen said the Government could not be trusted on tax reform if the Prime Minister said one thing in the afternoon and his staff said something different hours later.
Mr Bowen said Mr Turnbull's character should be questioned over the turnaround.
"He cannot be trusted on tax," he said.
"If he can't be trusted on something he says at Question Time at 2:00pm, how can his commitments about the GST be taken seriously?
"How can his commitments about any other matter of tax be taken seriously?"
Matthew Linden from the super fund Industry Super Australia warned against a halving of the capital gains tax discount for superannuation funds.
"It could give rise to an increase in speculative short term investment and that would be a bad thing for members," he said.
The ABC has confirmed the Government is considering halving the super fund capital gains tax concession from 33 per cent to 15 per cent.
Chris Richardson from Deloitte Access Economics said the move would not be a big money spinner for the Government.
"We're now in a world where some of the bigger options in tax reform have been ruled out," he said.
"The GST initially and Prime Minister now moving to hose down speculation in some other areas as well, that may mean that the Government is on the hunt for some small buckets of savings."
Topics: tax, government-and-politics, superannuation, business-economics-and-finance, australia
First posted
Consumer packaged goods companies are considering extending lines of credit and arranging banking facilities to help their business partners tide over the liquidity crunch that is expected to follow the withdrawal of Rs500 and Rs1,000 banknotes.
About 90% of India's $600 billion retail trade is unorganized and about 60% of all trade transactions are in cash. “The entire impact will be on the cash economy and more in general trade than in modern trade (chain stores)," said Rajat Wahi, partner and head consumer markets at KPMG India. Wholesale trade in India is largely cash-based and the liquidity crunch could disrupt supply in the short term, he explained.
To be sure, any impact will be temporary. But manufacturers such as Godrej Consumer products Ltd (GCPL), Dabur India Ltd and Marico Ltd are not taking chances and are trying to devise ways of helping retail and distribution partners overcome the liquidity crunch.
“There is a possibility of short-term liquidity issues in the distribution system, particularly wholesale, but we are putting measures to cope with it," said Saugata Gupta, managing director and chief executive of Marico, maker of Parachute and Saffola oils.
GCPL, known for brands like Cinthol and Hit, is already in discussions with its partners. “We are evaluating whether we should offer some short-term credit to help our partners tide over this situation," said GCPL managing director Vivek Gambhir. Things will become clearer in the next few days, he added.
Dabur India is evaluating the extension of credit lines to its partners on a case-to-case basis.
“We will have to maintain a balance between revenues and risk when taking such measures," said Lalit Malik, chief financial officer, who pointed out that there would not be any disruption in the company's supplies. He said there could be some disruption in the short term in the kirana trade at the retail level as traders may postpone purchases to tide over the liquidity crunch.
The biggest impact will be on the lower middle class and the urban poor including maids, drivers and vegetable and fruit vendors besides neighbourhood grocery stores as they deal only in cash, said Anil Talreja, a partner at consulting firm Deloitte Haskins and Sells. He said such people would account for about 10% of the overall retail sales.
Meanwhile, organized retail and cashless online transactions could be the beneficiaries of this move. “However the reduction of cash-based transactions in the trade will certainly increase tax compliance and provide a more level playing field to the organised players," said Marico's Gupta.
For organized retail, close to 40% of the sales are card-based and this is likely to increase, following this announcement, said a retailer who did not want to disclose his identity.
