Thanks for making this thread DocVapor. I have many questions to pick your brain with if you are so willing.So 134a seems to have a loading factor similar to a sub-critical CO2 extraction from what you mentioned earlier which is why this system has to be a closed loop for recirculating the solvent 10 or so times through the material. Is an extraction a lengthy process? I understand this obviously varies greatly particularly with regards to the temperature you perform your extraction having direct proportional affect on the pressure of your solvent which i assume also changes the loading factor of the solvent and the speed that it can move, not to mention the amount being extracted. You mentioned you use a co solvent for the waxes, is this a contolled product? If you omit this solvent is it basically an absolute extract?Do you have to have rebuilld your recovery pump to work with the oil-less refrigerant? I have heard this has to be done with eventually for closed loop butane extraction systems.One of those bottles you listed was 410a (the pink one) which is completely different 134a. I assume this was mislinked.....Since time is money you may be interested in this guy. If the solvents speed and loading factor are changed with temperature this may be helpful: http://www.centurytool.net/MT69_CPS_Recovery_Submersible_Subcooler_p/cpsmt69.htm
“Genital rotting” isn't a phrase anyone ever utters because things are going well, unless maybe it's to announce that the process has been reversed. Or maybe as part of an apology for a horrendous misdiagnosis. Why the talk about genital rotting? Because for one extremely unfortunate husband in China, that's what happened when his wife tried to off him. Causing his privates to rot wasn't necessarily part of her plan — she just wanted him dead and planned to poison him. It's the way she delivered the poison that led to the grisly side effect.
See, she didn't slip trace amounts of poison in his drinks for weeks or hide it in his shampoo or toothpaste. This devious black widow devised a rather different way to deliver doses of paraquat, a commonly-used herbicide, to her husband. She soaked his underpants in it and dried them in the sun.
Think of it as the murderous wife's take on the old Bengay-in-the-jock-strap gag, only replace the intense burning and irritation with even more intense burning and irritation, coupled with a three-week stay in the intensive care unit.
The 50-year-old husband noticed that he was having some difficulty breathing, but it's a safe bet that the situation down south was the real motivator for his trip to the emergency room. Given the air quality in China, would a little respiratory distress really strike you as odd? Not so much. But a pantsload of putrid privates? Yeah, it's time to seek medical help.
Emergency Underpants courtesy Archie McPhee
It seems some members of the Bush family are no adherents of Republican political orthodoxy.
Barbara Bush, the 28-year-old daughter of President George W. Bush, told Fox News on Sunday that she was “glad” the Democrats' health care reform package passed, and declared that “health care should be a right for everyone.”
It's a position that suggests she would be willing to go much farther in reforming health care than the law passed earlier this year.
“What do you think of Obama health care reform?” Fox News' Chris Wallace asked.
“That is a good question. Obviously, the health care reform bill was highly debated by a lot of people and I guess, I'm glad that, you know, a bill was passed,” replied Bush.
The 28-year-old Bush is a co-founder and president of Global Health Corps, an organization working for “health equity” in Africa and the US. The group is partnered with the Clinton Health Access Initiative, a project set up by President Bill Clinton's charity.
Barbara Bush's comments come a few weeks after her mother, former First Lady Laura Bush, declared that it was “great” President Obama had nominated Elena Kagan to the Supreme Court.
“I'm really glad that there will be three [women on the court] if she is confirmed,” the former first lady said. “I like to have women on the Supreme court.”
This video is from Fox's Fox News Sunday, broadcast June 13, 2010.
Remember when we said that Google Glass needed Gucci and Prada to reinvent its tech as cool? Well, apparently they took the advice pretty literally.
‘I felt completely free and totally unaware that I was filming or being recorded,' says von Furstenberg.
They've just revealed the first, first-person documentary (short) shot through Google Glass, and it's from the perspective of famous fashion designer Diane von Furstenberg, during her hectic Sunday at New York Fashion Week. The most remarkable thing you'll notice is just that it works very, very well. No doubt, it's a selectively edited short, but the images are stable, natural and, above all, extremely personal. Whatever precise engineering mojo Google is working with lens width, video codecs and image stabilization is working better than an iPhone camera strapped to someone's head. And as for von Furstenberg, who was she to complain about the Google-backed cameo? “I felt completely free and totally unaware that I was filming or being recorded,” she tells Co.Design. “It therefore feels very true and intimate.”
It's not difficult to project where Google can take this approach. They debuted the Glass technology by strapping it onto a skydiver's head. Now they've handed Glass to a designer for a more in-depth experiment. Don't be surprised to see many Glass documentaries unfold through the eyes of increasingly large tastemakers and celebrities. Watch an NFL game through the eyes of a quarterback, or a rock concert from the perspective of the lead singer. It's a deal that will work for everyone.
Celebrities develop an intimate, online media presence that dwarfs the fidelity of Twitter, promoted by the most connected company in the world. Google makes Glass cool. (Though, if I may be so bold, Glass could still use a line of designer frames.)
See more here.
[Hat tip: Fast Company]
Hey guys! This week we launched the opt-in for the 2.65 update which when released, will wrap us up for the year.
Today I'm teasing some more info about the upcoming DLC and I'd like to send out best wishes to everyone for the holiday season!
**Upcoming DLC**
Part of the upcoming DLC will include a number of Scenarios and Skirmish/Multiplayer maps which I've been working on for the last two months. Many of the maps are in response to types that we currently lack such as symmetrical team-oriented 5v5/6v6/7v7. Here's Caldera, a Large 6v6 map!
The Scenarios face the players up against unique situations and battles unlike any of the existing campaign and scenario missions. In the Ascension Scenario, for example, the player needs to build up and prepare for the Experimental Eye of Darkness which has insane damage and health and is sent out against the player after a delay. Here's a sneak peak of what that looks nice!
Ascension Video Showcase:
**Beginner's Guides**
I missed these just in time for last Dev Journal, but I want to extend another shout out to CenturianMudPig who has been doing some excellent beginner guides. These may be useful for yourself, or when introducing new players to the game to get them up to speed.
PHC Beginner's Guide:
Substrate Beginner's Guide:
So that's it from us for 2017! Stardock will be closed over Christmas for a week, but I'll be hanging about on the Ashes Discord as always. Thanks to everyone for what's been an incredible year, working on a project like Ashes has been a great experience!
President-elect Donald Trump has earned considerable scorn from NATO member nations for promising a normalization of US-Russia relations, and now it looks like there is a bipartisan collection of senators stepping forward promising to “rein in” any efforts by Trump to improve relations with them.
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R – SC) vowed to go after Russia over allegations that they had been “interfering in our election process.” Graham's usual partner in crime, Sen. John McCain (R – AZ) also warned against normalizing ties with a country that “attempted to undermine America's elections.”
It's not just those two, who never like diplomacy that much no matter who the other nation is. Sen. Ben Cardin (D – MD) also went after the idea of improving ties, insisting Trump needs to accept that Russia is an “adversary, not a partner.”
Trump has talked up the idea of improving US-Russia relations throughout his campaign, a fact which didn't sit well with NATO, which has invested heavily in a military buildup along the Russian frontier in Eastern Europe, and has been warning against a rapprochement ever since.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
For Immediate Release
WASHINGTON – Mark Hinkle, Chairman of the Libertarian Party, sort of commends President Obama for his decision to just barely ease travel restrictions and restrictions on sending private financial assistance to the people suffering under the socialist government of Cuba.
Hinkle said, “The president has shown less-than-tremendous courage here. I suppose it's a tiny positive step that our government will permit Americans to send $500 to a Cuban every three months. And churches will be allowed to arrange trips to Cuba, as long as they jump through a lot of bureaucratic hoops first.
“However, it's such a small improvement in such an awful policy, that I'm not sure the president really deserves a compliment.
“It's absurd that the U.S. government prohibits travel and trade with Cuba. In addition to being an unjust violation of Americans' rights, it's bone-headed policy. If the goal was to topple the Castro regime, then the policy has been a spectacular failure. The embargo has probably strengthened, not weakened, the Castro dictatorship.
“Libertarians call for unrestricted access to travel to Cuba and complete freedom for Americans to engage in economic activity there.
“Unrestricted access to the world markets will help Cubans lift themselves out of their disastrous socialist economy. Libertarians know that free trade and free travel are a fast-track ticket to prosperity.
“Next time, Mr. President, try to do something a little more impressive.”
The Libertarian Party platform says the following on free trade and migration:
3.4 Free Trade and Migration We support the removal of governmental impediments to free trade. Political freedom and escape from tyranny demand that individuals not be unreasonably constrained by government in the crossing of political boundaries. Economic freedom demands the unrestricted movement of human as well as financial capital across national borders. However, we support control over the entry into our country of foreign nationals who pose a credible threat to security, health or property.
For more information, or to arrange an interview, call LP Executive Director Wes Benedict at 202-333-0008 ext. 222.
The LP is America's third-largest political party, founded in 1971. The Libertarian Party stands for free markets, civil liberties, and peace. You can find more information on the Libertarian Party at our website .
###
(4.15) Aarrgh! Saturday, April 15th, will be the last day of business for Nice Slice Pizzeria at the Thayer Street location.
They are moving into new digs on Westminster Street near White Electric and aiming for a May opening. Check out their Facebook page — they have very cool commemorative T-shirts for sale with artwork by Adam Suerte.
NS ownership have posted this farewell message with thanks and fond memories (Bruce?) and an explanation of the move (as if one was needed).
Our last day of slinging slices on Thayer will be April 15, so lets have a party and celebrate! We will keep you posted on what will happen next but mostly wanted to thank all of our supporters out there. Some didn't think we'd make it 12 days, never mind 12 years so here's to everyone who's ever had a slice of the cranberry picnic and told there friends how great is it, to all the mf-BBQ CHICKEN lovers, to the boss Bruce Springsteen who just gets the regular cheese slice,.or to all the sports teams that mowed stacks of pizza after a match or game, late night strollers, and for the black sheep who said,” f-that, I'll never eat over there!' you know who you are and we love you for that. Another special thanks to all past and present employees who but there back into the movement. Your contributions mattered and are appreciated. We loved our little pizza shop and Thayer st. community with all our hearts but just can't fight the corporate tide of big business. We've been flanked by empty stores, endless construction, and now parking meters with a terminator for an enforcer. Independent businesses are important and need your support. In the meantime, we will continue to get our west side location open. We are shooting for May. THANK YOU,… AND NO, YOU CAN'T CRUSH THE DREAM. The pie will remain the same and resurrect soon.
Seen here is the big Angela Davis wall. We'll see if I hear from Shep Fairey's people. (Fair use!) And below, the outdoor seats, perfect on hot summer nights.
Thamer al-Sahri, 15, whose body was released by Syrian authorities six weeks after he had disappeared. His body shows evidence of torture. Al Jazeera
The body of a 15-year-old Syrian boy, bearing signs of what activists called torture, was returned to his parents six weeks after the boy disappeared.
Video footage of the boy's body obtained by Al Jazeera from a Syrian source shows what appear to be gruesome wounds: Riddled with bullet holes, the boy's body is missing an eye and several teeth, his neck and leg broken. A large part of his lower face is now a large hole.
Al Jazeera Video: Syrians decry "torture" of teenage protester (Warning: Graphic)
Hundreds in the town of Jeeza mourned the death of Thamer al-Sahri Wednesday. The boy had vanished six weeks ago along with his friend, Hamza al-Khatib, a 13-year-old whose tortured remains were released by Syrian authorities in late May.
Hamza's body was covered in burns and scorch marks - signs of being tortured by electric shocks and cigarettes. Hamza's neck had been broken, his arms shot, and his genitals cut off.
The torture of a child became an international rallying cry against the regime of President Assad.
Syrian boy's brutal death rouses protesters
Complete coverage: Anger in the Arab World
Researcher Neil Sammonds of Amnesty International told Channel 4 News that dozens of children have been killed in the Syrian unrest - nearly 10 percent of the 1,060 known deaths of civilians, more than doubling UNICEF's previous estimate of 30 on June 1.
"We have definitely seen a pattern of increased brutality recently," Sammonds said. "It seems security forces are now willing to use violence without provocation at all."
Amnesty International interviewed a defecting Syrian soldier who refused to fire on protesters in Harasta on April 23.
The "violent gang" turned out to be about around 2,000 unarmed demonstrators, including women and children. Many of the protesters were carrying roses.
Walid al-Qash'ami said he witnessed the killing of three children and a young man and woman. One child was shot in the head. Al-Qash'ami said he heard the officer who killed him say that he shot the kid "because he was annoyed with his constant crying."
Al-Qash'ami and five other soldiers threw down their weapons and fled.
Articles
Field notes from my micro-context1
Nidhin Shobhana
As a child, I would always wonder why my house did not look as 'clean' as my Nair neighbour's. Similarly, I always wondered why none of us Christians would look as 'authentic' as our Nair friends when we attended Malayalee Samajam Onam programmes. Jokes/comments such as 'Christians2 do not take bath regularly', 'they do not know many Onam recipes', 'these women do not get the perfect triangle when they wrap a veshti around their waist' - so on and so forth were consistently circulated (and are still circulated) in diaspora circles. So even if someone enthusiastically participates in Onam, perfects the art of wearing veshti and mundu, prepares every possible 'pure' vegetarian Onam recipe, claiming authenticity is still a different ball game. I also realized that we were not the only people who were subjected to such 'agni-pariksha' to prove our authenticity. There were others too. Dalits, Adivasis, Muslims and Ezhavas were also subjected to such humour killings3.
However, I still celebrated Onam. For me, and I bet, for many others, Malayalee identity was always interwoven with a grandiose celebration of Onam. What constitutes such a celebration in a spatial context outside Kerala? It is a replication of every possible 'spectacle' which is associated with Onam. This includes, a huge pookalam (the size, shape and width of the floral decoration really matters!), a swing in your huge courtyard, a huge hall where people can sit and feast on Onam delicacies (censored in their content and aesthetics!), a huge tharavadu courtyard where the ultra-feminine caste-womenfolk can perform thiruvathira, so on and so forth. This is combined with Pulikali where bodies of non-Nair Shudra men get plastered with bright yellow and orange shades. They are personified but agency less lions that are hunted down by the King and his men. Each of this combined with cinematic dance, mimicry shows and light music gets replicated on the Malayalee Samajam stage. The stage looks very evidently like a Nair courtyard! The performers come from all the sections. We perform Brahmanical heteronormative patriarchy.
The picture that says it all: depicts a 'tharavadu', traditional Nair joint family home, with women in the 'Kerala saree' performing the 'thiruvathira'; also shows girls arranging the 'pookalam', festive floral design, in the courtyard and a swing!
Now, going back to my question, what constitutes Onam in a spatial context outside Kerala? I think I should rephrase my answer. It constitutes the replication of every possible 'Savarna spectacle' which is associated with Onam. At this juncture, I would like to bring a few insights from Ajith Kumar's article on Onam which appeared in Uttarakalam. He clearly points out the fact that Dalits have over the years evolved their own practices of celebrating Onam. He mentions that the Gandhian and Left anti-Onam discourse attacks consumerism and upholds moralistic austerity. It also laments the bitter death of the good old days.
I completely agree with him and I understand the need to stay away from such appropriations. These appropriators are extremely uncritical about their own sense of privilege and power. But what seems to be also true is that the architecture, or rather the protocol of Onam in my micro-context, has remained the same. Evolved practices are accommodative in nature and not radical. They haven't changed the protocol. The dominant formula has worked so well that for several decades, in spite of all the protests by Dalits and Adivasis, and evolved forms of practices of Onam, Keralites cutting across identities, have actively participated in declaring their own subordination.
This 'Malayalee' project has been so powerful that it has consumed every iota of their mental maps. This project claims its strength in imagining Kerala as a uniform, consensual geography. By imagining this unitary geography the state and non-state players of the secularism project have prepared a deadly, but extremely captivating cocktail of real Brahmanism and mythical Secularism. Conservation of this Malayalee nationalism soaked in Savarna sensibilities is a very important obsession of the diaspora. To elaborate on this I'll reconstruct a few events from Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS), Mumbai.
Onam@TISS
Onam@TISS is a secret Facebook group. It conspires for a grand celebration of Onam at TISS. Why did it become a secret group? There was an organized, articulate Dalit (mostly non-Keralites, you won't find many Kerala Dalits in the TISS Campus) opposition to Onam. The opposition emerged from an inter-textual reading of anti-caste scholars from Kerala and elsewhere. The administration took note of this opposition and distanced itself from Onam celebration. Thus the group is secret!
However, the opposition came after the celebration last year. I was a part of the celebration. In fact I even anchored the show. I glorified the secular credentials of the festival, only to later realize that it was, after all, a well-fed big lie. Going back to last year's celebration, I would like to point out the ideological influence of Savarna Malayalee nationalism which implicates even the non-Malayalee.
The quadrangle was booked for the celebration. Anyone who is familiar with the quadrangle at TISS would agree that it looks exactly like a Nair nallukettu (architectural design of traditional Nair home). The nallukettu has been immortalized in Malayalam cinema and television. It fits the Onam fantasy perfectly. Rather it is the Onam Fantasy. It was further adorned with other spectacles. The huge floral design, women dressed in, what popularly is called the 'Kerala saree', the fragrance of perfumes and mogra, men in silk and double mundu - so on and so forth.
This sight gets even more interesting when we dwell deeper into the popular perceptions of the unified Malayalee community at TISS. When we enter the institute, in the first semester we are fed with the Kerala Development Model. It is innocently postured as 'Kerala's Development Experience'. A CPI (M) card holding member who also happens to be a professor at TISS would glorify the experience to the extent that he would compare Kerala with China and India. This is an instant kick for all the Malayalees. This kick becomes a perennial high when you find your Bihari classmate coming to you and touching you with great awe and affection to say, 'Kerala is magical yaar!'
Then later in the semester, when Onam arrives, you have students from all over the country defending its celebration. Where does this defence emerge from? Very clearly it emerges from a comparative but flawed reading of Kerala as a secular geography. So, the myth of 'secular Kerala' feeds the myth of 'secular Onam'!
These emotions got even more virulent recently during one of the General Body Meetings. Though I wasn't present in the meeting, I was told that the emotions scaled new heights when the Hindutva right wing students on campus joined hands with Malayalees to put up a grand celebration! Appropriations were happening at multiple levels. The dominant Malayalees (of course you know their castes) were being extremely generous when they tried to accommodate 'Dalit voices' in the celebration. How do they plan to do this? They plan to accommodate, by asking, a Dalit girl from Kerala (she is the sole Dalit woman from Kerala in the TISS Campus) to sing a Dalit folk song.
I do not know whether we would witness an Onam celebration this year. However, it's true that celebrations are important. Accommodative politics wouldn't change the protocol. We need alternatives which are clearly, anti-caste and anti-sexist. They should also challenge puritan notions of heterosexuality.
~
[1]. I thank my friend Ferzine Imitiaz for the phrase.
[2]. Not all Christians were subjected to these jokes. The fair-skinned so called 'Brahmin-converts' among the Syrian Christian community were exempted.
[3]. However, this humour killing is graded.
~~~
Nidhin Shobhana is a graduate in Sociology from Pune University.
Pictures courtesy: the net. Cartoon by Nidhin Shobhana.
Handouts for migrants to leave Europe
WhatsApp 0 shares
The EU's gift for stupidity was on display once again yesterday as calls for a common compensation scheme to repatriate asylum seekers gathered pace. Last year, so-called ‘assisted voluntary returns' paid for 81,575 migrants to return to their home countries. Hardly asylum seekers when they are happy to return home!
Thanks to Angela Merkel's reckless invitation to migrants worldwide to come to Europe, EU governments have had to figure out how to encourage them to go back home. Due to the legal difficulties of deportation, many national governments have introduced compensation schemes as an incentive.
Cash-rich Germany pays out a generous €5,000 to encourage people to go home. Bulgaria and Poland each hand out €500, the others offer something in-between. Needless to say, this is yet another can-kicking exercise, encouraging migrants to come to Europe before receiving a tidy payout.
Now the EU is heaping more trouble on the dodgy enterprise of so-called ‘voluntary returns' by calling for assistance payments to be set at the same rate across Europe. The proposal comes amid news of record levels of people-smuggling across the Mediterranean.
Germany is unlikely to budge from its larger payouts so expect yet more migrants to make the decision to come to Europe and for the EU's poorer countries to be out of pocket too. The madness goes on.
I had told my Santa that I wanted an umbrella that won't be claimed by the Grim Reaper of umbrellas (aka the wind), is understated/black, and easily portable because I like being able to pop an umbrella in my bag in case of rain.
My parcel arrived 7 hours ago and I am still so amused. When the postman knocked on my door with what looked like a pole of a parcel I was so confused, until I opened it up to this! A friggin katana brolly!
I love it. It's not going to fit in any of my bags, but my boyfriend has pointed out that I can sling this across my back just as if I had a sword at the ready. I especially like that the handle is actually flat instead of being rounded like most umbrella handles are. Talk about realism. It's got a one-click release as well and looks really sturdy. Totally going to use this the moment it starts pouring.
On top of that, Santa didn't know this but my boyfriend had gifted me katana bookends (which I totally love), and now I've got a katana brolly to match! If someone invents a foldable katana brolly I will buy it to complete my collection. Perfect! This has been such a fun exchange, thanks Santa!
Not an attempt, we hope, to buy coverage via the phone. (Official White House photo by Pete Souza)
With the Web site still experiencing problems, the White House has begun directing shoppers for insurance under the new health-care law to use a call center instead of HealthCare.Gov. Health and Human Services put out this graphic today, highlighting the different ways to "enroll" in coverage.
That works fine -- unless you're interested in purchasing a health insurance policy. In conversations this afternoon with the call center, I was repeatedly told that I could not enroll in coverage over the phone.
"The only thing we can do is submit an application for you," one call-center representative told me. "We can't purchase anything for you."
"No, you cannot do that," another one said, when I told her I had completed my application and would like to enroll in a specific plan.
There are essentially three steps involved in buying coverage through the marketplace. The first is filling out an application that includes information about where you live, how much you earn and who is in your family. That part the call center does have the ability to help out with.
The second is eligibility verification: Healthcare.Gov needs to double-check that the shopper is the person they say they are, that they live in the right state and that have reported their income accurately. A computer system does this part; a call-center agent cannot.
The last step is enrollment: picking a specific plan and paying the first month's premium. That payment goes to the insurance plan of the shopper's choosing, not to HealthCare.Gov, which helps explain why the call center cannot accept shoppers' payments.
"I pulled your application up, and it wouldn't allow me at this time to get past the point you were at as far as enrollment," the third call-center agent I spoke to say. He was the only call-center agent I spoke with who thought I would be able to do this at some point in the future.
"Once we get the system errors and technical issues resolved, we'll be able to help you with enrollment," he said. "Currently we are not, because of technical issues."
The call center is certainly an option for people who want to fill out the initial application. But as for purchasing insurance, that's going to require a working Web site.
Update: Health and Human Services spokeswoman Joanne Peters emails over a statement saying that consumers should be able to enroll over the phone.
“Consumers can apply for and enroll in a health insurance plan over the phone from beginning to end," her statement says. "However, when call volume is high, or when the application is unable to be processed online, call center representatives will help to fill out an application and the consumer will be contacted at a later time to move forward with shopping and enrolling in a plan. We encourage Americans and their families to continue use all the resources available to apply for insurance – by phone, in person, by mail, or online.”
BBC America presents the U.S. premiere screening of Doctor Who “Asylum of the Daleks” August 25, 2012 in New York City
BBC AMERICA is proud to present the U.S. premiere screening of the new season of DOCTOR WHO Saturday, August 25, 2012 at 6:00pm in New York City. The screening will be immediately followed by a live Q&A with stars Matt Smith, Karen Gillan and executive producer Caroline Skinner .
Don't miss your chance to be among the first to see “ASYLUM OF THE DALEKS,” the season premiere of the all-new series, before the premiere on BBC AMERICA'S Supernatural Saturday, coming this Fall.
Tickets cost 11¢ (with a $1 surcharge) in honor of the Eleventh Doctor.
We will announce the venue and ticket information tomorrow afternoon. Tickets go on sale TOMORROW Thursday, August 16 and will be made available exclusively through a link shared by the @BBCAmerica Twitter handle. Tickets will sell out fast so follow @BBCAmerica to be informed of the link as soon as it goes live!
UPDATE: you can purchase tickets here!
UPDATE: Tickets are SOLD OUT!
‘Nothing has been learned from the death of Susie Long'
‘Universal Health Care' – Privatisation through the back door
Conor Mac Liam, widower of Susie Long (a public patient) who died in 2007 of cancer having suffered a delay of 7 months for diagnosis whilst private patients were diagnosed within days, responded angrily to Leo Varadkar's reported ‘rush to get private health insurance':
“It is a disgrace that the Minister for Health feels that he is giving a lead by deserting the public health system over which he has jurisdiction for the cover of costly private health insurance which is unaffordable for a large percentage of the public. It appears nothing has been learnt from the premature death of my wife at the hands of a two-tier health system where those who could afford private health insurance are given preference in the queues for health treatment.
“The Minister said ‘I can honestly say that I feel a lot better having taken out health insurance again' because if he had wanted to see a specialist or have a routine operation as a public patient he would have faced a long queue. How can a Minister of Health sigh in relief that he has escaped the insecurity of delays and queues in the public system whilst abandoning large sections of the population to just that – the public health system which he is in charge of? It is clear that Fine Gael and their Labour hangers on have no intention of developing a single-tier public health system with fair access by all. Their policy of back door privatisation through so-called ‘Universal Health Insurance' is just another way to get more money out of ordinary working class people for a service that they already pay for through general taxation – similar to the water charges. It's time to tackle the super-rich who are the only ones to have benefited massively from the so-called recovery – we can't continue to subsidise their wealth at the expense of key public services.”
ENDS
Contact: Conor Mac Liam 086-6033584
Note: Conor Mac Liam is a candidate for the Anti Austerity Alliance in the upcoming Carlow-Kilkenny by-election and stood previously in the 2011 general election highlighting the inequity of the two-tier health system.
Confronted with a slew of new facts nine months ago, including how the CIA rammed food up detainees' rectums and threatened to sexually assault their family members, the Justice Department has done nothing.
In a furious letter to DOJ's inspector general, Amnesty International USA on Tuesday slammed the department for failing in its legal obligation to investigate, review, and address human rights violations, particularly after the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence published the executive summary of its investigation into the CIA's detention and interrogation program.
“The effect, if not the purpose, of the Justice Department's action or inaction has been to evade public accountability and conceal its institutional failures,” wrote Naureen Shah, director of the group's Security with Human Rights division.
Shah requested that the inspector general launch a formal investigation into the department's decision-making process.
The Department of Justice has the ability to access the entire 6,300-page Senate report, only a small, redacted fraction of which has been declassified and released to the public. But it's not clear that prosecutors have actually read it. And they certainly haven't mounted any new criminal investigations or charged anyone with a crime.
The summary alone, however, “includes significant new information relating to the commission of serious federal crimes, including torture, homicide, conspiracy, and sexual assault,” wrote Shah.
So Amnesty International concludes that either the department is shirking its duty to investigate new information under several international law standards — or it already knew about everything in the report and simply chose not to do anything about it.
“If that is the case,” Shah wrote, “then its failure to conduct a criminal investigation beyond two cases involving deaths in custody or to bring any criminal charges in any case raises the concern that it did not regard the CIA's activities as unlawful, when they unequivocally were.”
The Justice Department conducted investigations into two cases in 2009, which were closed in 2012 without any charges. Then-attorney general Eric Holder announced that DOJ would “not prosecute anyone who acted in good faith and within the scope of the legal guidance given by the Office of Legal Counsel regarding the interrogation of detainees.”
But even by that standard, the Senate report details many cases that deserve investigation, argues Shah. The letter summarizes the new information in the report under these headings:
It's tough to do serious analysis off of three weeks' worth of data: There are heavy small-sample-size caveats, and frankenstats leaven real-world results with projections from a system like ZiPS or PECOTA. But that misses the point of early-season numbers: They're fun because they're so misleading and weird. At some point the only thing left to do is steer into the skid.
So let's go into the future, take a time machine from the third week of the season and visit a world in which everyone ended with the stats they were on pace for.
Ryan Schimpf: .119/.339/.333, 30 home runs, 152 walks
San Diego newspaper story, Oct. 1
SAN FRANCISCO — Padres second baseman Ryan Schimpf knew this season was weird all along, but it didn't hit home until September 15 in Coors Field, when he looked over the shoulder of the Rockies pitcher Jon Gray and saw that second baseman D.J. LeMahieu was sitting down on the edge of the outfield dirt.
“Like, actually picking dandelions,” Schimpf said.
A little unsettled, Schrimpf took a five-pitch walk, and when he got to second base, asked LeMahieu about it.
“I knew you weren't hitting it here,” LeMahieu said. And he was right. In truth, most of the fielders can pick dandelions most of the time when Schimpf picks up his bat. Now, Schimpf is closing the book on one of the strangest seasons in Major League history.
Schimpf came to the plate 597 times this year: 425 at-bats, 152 walks, and 20 sacrifice flies. Between those walks (every single one unintentional), 152 strikeouts, and 30 home runs, Schimpf only put the ball in play 46.1 percent of the time. Schimpf's stayed in the Padres' lineup thanks to his .339 OBP and 30 home runs, but he's hitting only .119. He has had 51 hits all year, and apart from those 30 home runs, none of them went for extra bases.
“I'm trying not to get freaked out,” Schimpf said before the season finale against the Giants. “I mean, there's got to be, like, something supernatural going on here, right? I get two hits a week and I'm still not seeing that many strikes. I'm walking like Barry Bonds.”
He's not far off. Schimpf's 152 walks is the seventh-highest total since the game integrated in 1947. Ahead of him are three seasons by Bonds, two by Ted Williams, and Mark McGwire's 70-homer, 162-walk campaign in 1998. The only 150-walk season even remotely similar to Schimpf's since integration came in 1956, when Senators third baseman Eddie Yost hit .231 with 11 home runs but walked 151 times.
“I can't explain it, but I'll take a .339 OBP with 30 home runs in my lineup any day,” said Padres manager Andy Green.
Freddie Freeman: .440/.533/.920, 69 home runs
Atlanta sports talk radio, Oct. 2
Radio Host: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Did I hear you right? Did you say Freddie Freeman isn't the most valuable player in the National League?
Ex-Ballplayer: Of course not. You're not one of those numbers guys, are you? Numbers don't tell you everything!
Host: OK, well let's go over those numbers, just so everyone's on the same page. Freeman hit .440, so that's the first .400 season since 1941, which we all know. You know how long it's been since someone hit .440? It's been since 1894. 1894! That's incredible!
Ballplayer: It is. It really is. But he's not the MVP.
Host: Well, it's certainly not because he didn't hit for enough power; he hit 69 home runs, the most since 2001. That's a nice season! Nobody else even came close.
Ballplayer: Where are the Braves in the standings?
Host: You can't be serious.
Ballplayer: I am serious. Where are the Braves in the standings?
Host: Fourth place.
Ballplayer: Fourth place! They lost 93 games! How valuable can Freeman be if his team lost 93 games?
Host: That's not his fault, though. Atlanta had the third-worst pitching staff in the NL. One guy can't overcome that.
Ballplayer: Fair enough. Let's look at what he can control. You want numbers? How's this for a number? Atlanta finished 11th in the NL in runs. Freeman's job is to produce runs, right?
Host: And he did! He slugged .920!
Ballplayer: Sixty-nine home runs, .440 batting average, only 93 RBI. Apart from himself, Freeman drove in only 24 runs. That's selfish. That's padding your stats in garbage time. Freddie Freeman's a fraud. FRAUDIE Freeman! Ha!
Host: I'm going to be sick.
The Four Greatest Pitching Performances Ever
Michael Baumann's MLB Awards Column, The Ringer, Oct. 2
Andrew Triggs: 32–0, 0.00 ERA, 184.2, 97 K, 43 BB
James Paxton: 20–0, 0.00 ERA, 213 IPs, 223 K, 41 BB
Jason Vargas: 35–0, 0.44 ERA, 231.2 IP, 266 K, 23 BB
Ervin Santana: 32–0, 0.64 ERA, 302 IPs, 216 K, 86 BB
This is without question the weirdest AL Cy Young discussion, if only because these are probably the four best seasons ever by starting pitchers, so you could make an argument for any of them.
The best peripherals belong to Kansas City left-hander Jason Vargas, who somehow turned his innings-eater stuff into a K/BB ratio of 11.6 to 1, the second-best of all time. Vargas, who hasn't hit 90 miles an hour even once since May 2015, somehow managed to strike out more than 10 batters per nine innings, win every single one of his 35 starts, and allow a run just once every three starts or so.
This isn't the Best K/BB Ratio Award, though. Andrew Triggs, despite striking out fewer than half as many batters as Vargas and walking almost twice as many in fewer innings, went the whole season without allowing an earned run. Instead, Triggs will fall short because of his 32 unearned runs allowed, his subpar strikeout totals, and the fact that he threw only 184.2 innings. Nevertheless, for someone who was completely unknown coming into 2017, Triggs was amazing.
But not as amazing as Seattle's James Paxton, who didn't allow any runs in 213 innings, which more than tripled Orel Hershiser's previous scoreless innings streak. After realizing he was a huge guy with really good stuff and started attacking hitters more, the 28-year-old left-hander had a breakout season. Sometimes it's as simple as that. Still, he's not my Cy Young pick.
I know it's controversial to have a guy who threw 213 scoreless innings and not give him the Cy Young, but that's how special Ervin Santana, who led the Twins back to the brink of the playoffs almost all by himself, was. Santana posted a 0.64 ERA, which doesn't look good next a 0.00, but he destroyed Paxton when it came to quantity, which matters in an age of short starts and frequent injuries. Santana made 43 starts, 11 of them complete-game shutouts (the most since Bob Gibson's 13 in 1968), and threw a staggering 302 innings, baseball's first 300-inning season since Steve Carlton in 1980. If those were just average-ish filler innings, this award would be Paxton's, but Santana allowed just 22 runs all year. I can understand being overawed with Paxton's 0.00 ERA, but Santana threw 89 more innings, which is a staggering difference that I can't ignore.
All stats current through Thursday afternoon.
In such a divisive time, it's comforting to know that some things still rise above the political fray.
Transferring presidential power to a person of the opposite party is never easy, but President Obama has just shown that some commander-in-chief traditions are more important than being Democrat or Republican. In a touching gesture, Obama has burned a message of encouragement into the White House lawn for Trump's first day in office.
Advertisement
Wow. What a stirring message that newly minted President Trump will surely treasure.
It doesn't matter what side of the aisle you fall on, you have to admit this is a classy move. Instead of delegating this duty to a speechwriter or aide, Obama personally dumped over 50 gallons of gasoline on the White House lawn this morning so that the incoming President Trump will be able to read Obama's advice the moment he officially assumes office. No matter how much he disagrees with Trump, Obama clearly wants to help Donald transition to the presidency, and the flames that will take days to fully burn off highlight just how special this note between chief executives is.
With Obama having salted the earth before scorching his note into the lawn, Donald Trump will be able to look out the Oval Office window and be inspired by the president's uplifting words for years to come. Simply amazing. Welcome to Washington, Donald!
GREATER NOIDA: Even as the rest of Akhlaq 's family left for Lucknow to meet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday, the victim's brother, Jameel Ahmed who lives next door and fears he too would have been killed if he were home that day, said no innocent man should be implicated in the murder case.Recalling the fateful Monday night, Ahmed, 60, said, "I was in Loni, Ghaziabad that night. I got a call from Akhlaq's daughter, my niece. She told me how a 200-strong mob dragged him out of the house even as he was preparing to go to bed. He was not even fully clothed when they brutally killed him. The family had heard an announcement made from the temple loudspeaker, but since it is 300 metres far, they could not realize it was about them.""If I were home that day, I would not be alive too. When I heard about Akhlaq's death and my nephew's serious injuries, I rushed to Noida's Kailash Hospital. I was shattered when I reached there and learnt that there was nothing they could have done to save my brother. His death, the doctors said, was instant," Ahmed said.He added, however, that he wants justice for his brother but not "retribution"."Akhlaq was very dear to me. Since he was ten years younger than I am, I was always protective of him. What happened has left me shattered. They should bring the perpetrators to justice, so that nobody ever does something like this again. However, I do not want any innocent man to be punished in the name of my brother. The residents of Bisada village are mostly nice people and I do not want someone to pay for a crime they did not commit," he said.Ahmed is grateful to god that his nephew is recovering."The doctors say Danish is doing better. I hope he gets well soon. I lost a brother, I do not want to lose a nephew," he said.
A man convicted of having sex with his girlfriend on a Florida beach in front of children was sentenced to two and a half years in prison Monday.
Jose Caballero, 40, and Elissa Alvarez, 21, were found guilty in May of two counts of lewd and lascivious behavior in a case that drew international attention for the couple's crude act.
The amorous pair were videotaped having intercourse on a Manatee County beach last summer in broad daylight. Witnesses testified that a 3-year-old girl saw them.
Punished: Jose Caballero, 40, was sentenced Monday to two-and-a-half years in prison and ordered to register as a sex offender for having sex on a public beach in Florida in front of families with children
Amorous pair: Caballero (left) and Elissa Alvarez (right), 21, were found guilty in May of two counts of lewd and lascivious behavior
Caballero told jurors that he and Alvarez were not having sex and that beachgoers were mistaken.
Jurors listened to graphic testimony from witnesses and saw a video of Alvarez moving on top of Caballero in a sexual manner in the middle of the day while others looked on.
‘We are grateful that the state has offered 2 1/2 years,' said Ronald Kurpiers, defense attorney for Caballero.
The lawyer, however, labeled the decision to make his client and Alvarez register as sex offenders 'horrifically unfair.'
He said Caballero planned to appeal his case. Alvarez, who was recently sentenced to time served, filed an appeal in her case in June.
Prosecutors say they were tougher on Caballero because he previously served eight years for cocaine trafficking.
The Bradenton Herald reports the jury found them guilty after deliberating only 15 minutes. The couple had faced 15 years in prison.
Sticking by her man: Jose Caballero's family and friends, which includes girlfriend Elissa Alvarez (second right) who had sex on the beach with him, sit in a courtroom Monday as the 40-year-old was sentenced
Maintaining his innocence: Caballero, pictured in court Monday, told jurors that he and Alvarez were not having sex and that beachgoers were mistaken.
‘If you think about 2:30 in the afternoon on a crowded beach. It takes a certain type of person to do that in front of children a few feet away,' said Assistant State Attorney Anthony Dafonseca.
Prosecutors said it was important that the community knew what wouldn't be tolerated on public beaches.
Alvarez, who is still dating Caballero, attended his sentencing Monday. She was photographed leaving the Manatee Judicial Center dressed in a short pink skirt and black top. The 21-year-old declined to make a statement to the press.
The Bradenton Herald reported in May that Elissa Alvarez accepted the state-recommended sentence during a hearing scheduled to discuss setting a sentencing date. Defense attorney Greg Hagopian said at the time she is embarrassed by the incident.
'To say that she's learned her lesson would be an understatement,' he told reporters outside the Bradenton courthouse. 'She never, ever intended for this to hurt anybody, for any children to be involved, and now she has to live with this for the rest of her life.'
Spared: Alvarez was sentenced May 27 (pictured) to time served for having sex with her boyfriend on a public beach in full view of a toddler last year
They didn't get a room: Alvarez, (right), and her 40-year-old boyfriend (left) were found guilty May 4 of having sex on a beach last summer in front of children
Caballero was handed a harsher sentence since he previously spent eight years in prison for cocaine trafficking. Pictured above in court May 4
It took a Manatee County jury about 15 minutes to find Alvarez and Caballero guilty of lewd and lascivious exhibition May 4.
Video played in the courtroom showed Alvarez moving on top of Caballero in a sexual manner in broad daylight while several other families spent the day on the beach July 20, 2014, among them a toddler and his great-grandmother, who grabbed her iPhone and began recording the pair.
Caballero spent eight years in prison for cocaine trafficking, while his girlfriend has no criminal record.
Throughout the case, the couple maintained that they were not having intercourse.
Family members, a Bradenton Beach Police Officer and even Caballero testified in court that Alvarez was just dancing on top of him, 'nudging' to keep him awake, and not actually engaging in intercourse.
'He's a great person,' Caballero's mother said outside of court after his conviction. 'There are other things out there we need to worry about, and they're still loose, people who have done worse stuff.'
The couple's defense attorney Ronald Kurpiers told the Bradenton Herald that the couple are 'devastated' by the decision.
In a post in 2015 I pointed out that government debt is not a bad thing. Here, I elaborate on that idea and I ask, and answer, a simple question: how much debt do we need? My answer: 70% of GDP is a good guess.
In a recent post, Simon Wren-Lewis asks and answers some of the same questions I discuss here. My focus is narrower than Simon's. I will focus in on the question: what is the right amount of debt? I will also abstract from one reason why debt should not be zero. That reason, discussed here by Martin Wolf, and here by Isabella Kaminska, is that the public sector does not only accrue debt; it also owns public assets. I will claim that, even if we did not need to build roads and bridges, it would still be a good idea for the public sector to accumulate debt. My argument is based on a remarkable implication of basic economic theory that was first discussed by Paul Samuelson. If we borrow from our children and our grandchildren, everybody, including all future generations, will be better off.
If a household borrows money to pay for a new car, that debt might be paid back over a period of five years or more. Debt that is accrued to help pay for an investment good, like a car, is widely understood to be a good thing. By borrowing to pay for a car, we arrange for the series of benefits we receive by driving to work or to school every day to be matched with the series of payments we make as we pay back the loan used to purchase the car. Debt accrued by a household to facilitate an investment is widely perceived to be privately beneficial.
Suppose instead, a person borrows to pay for an extravagant lifestyle. Instead of taking out a loan and buying a car, that person maxes out their credit cards to throw expensive parties. To pay back that debt, he or she will need to plan for a period of austere living in future years. Debt accrued by a household to finance an extravagant lifestyle is widely perceived to be deviant behaviour that is discouraged by social norms. But should we apply those same norms to government behaviour?
If government borrows money to pay for a new road or rail network, the new transportation infrastructure will generate benefits to future generations. It is only fair that those generations should help pay for the investments they enjoy and, for that reason, debt accrued to pay for social investment is widely recognized to be socially beneficial. The principle that all government debt should be used to finance infrastructure investments is sometimes called the golden rule of public finance. It is a commonly held belief that government debt should only finance government investment; but it is a belief that does not survive more careful scrutiny.
Governments are not like households. If a household borrows from a bank it will eventually need to repay the money it borrowed. If a government borrows money from the public, it may never repay that money. It is a myth that government debt is repaid by running public surpluses. In reality, the ratio of outstanding debt to GDP shrinks as the economy grows faster than the interest rate at which the government is borrowing.
In the title to this post I raised the question: How much debt do we need? Economic theory provides an answer to that question and it is never zero. In a series of papers that I am writing with Pawel Zabczyk of the Bank of England, soon to be circulated, we show that a fairly standard model of trade between generations can lead to some very non-standard conclusions. We use Samuelson's overlapping generations model, which has been widely used to analyse questions of trade between people of different generations. For a calibrated version that we use as an example, the right answer to my opening question; How much debt do we need? is 70% of GDP.
The main theme of my work with Pawel is that governments are not like households. That point has been made many times by many people. Paul Krugman, for example, makes the case here in a NY Times piece. Although the reason often given is that government expenditure can raise employment through a fiscal multiplier, there is a more fundamental reason why we should not eliminate government debt. And this reason applies even if the economy is always operating at full employment. Debt facilitates trade between current and future generations.
The figure of 70% that I give in this blog is based on some back of the envelope calculations that Pawel and I used to calibrate our theoretical paper and my subjective confidence bands around that figure are large. The optimal size of public sector debt in the UK might be 5% and it might be 140%. But of one thing I am certain. The right answer to my question; how much debt do we need? is never zero!
Find An Event Create Your Event Help GEEK PRIDE DAY 2014 Croton Point Park
Croton-On-Hudson, NY Share this event: Get Tickets There are no active dates for this event. Not Available
Event GEEK PRIDE DAY 2014 GEEK PRIDE DAY is a celebration of geekdom. Do you enjoy sci-fi, board games, video games, comic books, anglophilia, cosplay, anime, steampunk, zombies, etc? This day is for YOU! Join us as we proudly let our geek flags fly on May 25.
What do you get with your ticket purchase? Read on!
NOMS
An all-day BBQ (with vegetarian & vegan options!), excellent homemade desserts, and much more!
MUSIC & KARAOKE
With a huge selection of songs to choose from, there's bound to be something for you to belt out,
courtesy of our very own WG DJ.
ZOMBIE TAG
taaaaaaaaaaaaaaag!
BAKE-OFF
Show off your baking skills and claim your rightful place as champion - there can be only one!
GIANT JENGA
A radioactive* twist on the old classic.
(*not actually radioactive)
SCAVENGER HUNT
Race against the other teams, using your skills to solve problems, and be the first to find all the items
hidden in Westchesteros!
BOARD GAMES
Don't worry, you won't find Monopoly here. There will be nice selection of fun indie board games to play.
BOCCE
That's no bocce ball! It's a space station!
COSPLAY CATWALK
If you like to make costumes or just dress up like your favorite characters from comics, games, books or movies,
show off your skills and fandom.
SETTLERS OF TACAN
Got any beans? How about any cheese? Settlers of Catan transformed into a game where you get to eat your resources and really feel like king of an island...of food!
TRIVIAL TRIVIA
Play on a team to show how much you know about different fandoms.
RAFFLES
There are a variety of prizes up for grabs,
so may the odds be ever in your favor!
The event will be held at Croton Point Park, right on the Hudson River. It is across the street from a Metro North train station and Amtrak. It is 35 minutes north of the city and has plenty of parking for all. The event will be held from 11am to 6pm.
Tickets MUST be purchased ahead of time. Tickets will NOT be sold at the event.
Be sure to check our website often for updates on activities and planned events at www.westchestergeeks.com
See you in May! Location Croton Point Park (View)
Croton Point Ave
Croton-On-Hudson, NY 10520
United States Croton Point AveCroton-On-Hudson, NY 10520United States
Categories Other > Festivals
Kid Friendly: Yes! Dog Friendly: Yes! Non-Smoking: Yes! Contact Email:
support@brownpapertickets.com
Even though the first round of Apple versus the FBI ended before it could even kick off, the battle between tech companies and law enforcement over how strong encryption should legally be has only just begun.
In the course of the arguments about warrants and backdoors and privacy versus security, there's a common analogy that draws a parallel between the password on your phone and the lock on your front door. They are, after all, two elements of security that keep unwanted people out of your personal property. In reality, however, the two are extremely different. Even though cops can get through a locked door with a lockpick or a warrant or a battering ram, there are some very compelling reasons that the lock on your phone should remain completely unbreakable.
The key to understanding, as CGP Grey explains in this tight little summary video, is that on the internet there is no such thing as distance. That makes all the difference.
When you consider that hackers and thieves on the internet can instantly attack thousands of computers and phones simultaneously from anywhere in the world, it puts a whole different spin on what the value of encryption really is, and how desperately important it is to keep that lock as strong as possible.
Source: CGP Grey
Today is Super Tuesday Three, and a lot of states are voting and a lot of delegates are being awarded. One of the states that is voting today is my home state, North Carolina. Here's what you need to know, in polling, process, and delegates apportionment.
– CURRENT POLLING –
PPP: Public Policy Polling put out their latest data on Sunday, March 13th. They have Trump up over Cruz.
Compared to a month ago Trump's support is up 15 points and Cruz's is up 14 points. Kasich's remained in place, and Rubio has seen his support collapse 9 points. Trump appears to already be building up a lead among early voters- he's at 46% to 38% for Cruz, 11% for Kasich, and 4% for Rubio. Among those planning to vote on election day Trump gets 43% to 32% for Cruz, 11% for Kasich, and 8% for Rubio.
CIVITAS: From last week, the Civitas poll asked a very interesting question. First, they included all candidates, including those who have dropped out. Trump came in at 32%, Cruz at 26%, Kasich at 11%, Rubio at 11%, and 8% total went to the candidates who have dropped out.
However, their follow-up question really gets interesting. For respondents who chose Huckabee, Paul, Santorum, Bush, Carson, Christie, Fiorina, Gilmore, they were then asked who voters would pick if they were selecting ONLY from among the four still in the race.
Of those four, TED CRUZ WINS.
28% Ted Cruz
14% Donald Trump
19% John Kasich
12% Marco Rubio
Add that information to the following from the above PPP poll:
If there's a path to #StopTrump in North Carolina it's Kasich and Rubio voters uniting around Cruz. Trump's lead over Cruz declines to 49/43 when the two are matched head to head because Rubio voters overwhelmingly move to Cruz in that scenario (70/20) and Kasich voters move to Cruz as well, although by a pretty narrow 39/34 margin. “If John Kasich and Marco Rubio really combine for 20% of the vote in North Carolina on Tuesday Donald Trump will almost definitely win the state,” said Dean Debnam, President of Public Policy Polling. “The only way he's likely to bestopped is if supporters of the also rans shift their support to Ted Cruz.”
Put the information from the two polls above together and the picture is pretty clear that Ted Cruz can run a close second or even win the state. Nothing is certain.
Well … one thing is certain, it's a fully proportional state, so a close second is still a big haul of delegates. Which leads us to …
– HOW DELEGATES ARE ASSIGNED –
There are 72 delegates up for grabs in North Carolina, assigned proportionally. As with all states, North Carolina has 10 base “At Large” delegates. They can be from any district. The state also has 20 “bonus” delegates as a result of its past Republican electoral success. There are thirteen Congressional Districts, which by rule have 3 delegates apiece for a total of 39. And of course, there are the three RNC delegates, bringing the total to 72.
So the percentage of the vote will absolutely determine the degree of success for each candidate including whoever wins the largest share of the popular vote.
– PROCESS –
Polls will be open from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p.m​. Here is the State Board of Elections website.
There is only one significant change to the process of voting in North Carolina's primary in 2016: Voter ID.
Voters who go to the polls today in North Carolina will be required to show a valid photo ID. This was not previously the case, as I can tell you from personal experience. For voters who do not have a photo ID, there are two things you can do. If you simply forgot it, you can fill out a provisional ballot and then bring your ID to the board of elections office later. Convenient for early voters, not as much for today since you have to do it before the votes are counted in order for yours to count.
You also have an option if you simply do not have a valid form of identification. You can sign a affidavit and present alternate forms of identification. This “reasonable impediment exception” helps if, for example, you still have a driver's license from a state you moved here from. A “reasonable impediment.” You have to explain why you don't have a photo ID, and provide alternate means of identification. Elections officials say they will follow up with voters after today and attempt to assist voters with obtaining their photo ID prior to the November election.
– SUMMARY –
If you're a North Carolina voter, consider the polling data above before you make your choice. You should not only be deciding who you wish to be the nominee, but who you wish not to be, and vote to make the most important of those two things happen.
Have your photo ID. Or a good excuse.
And finally, just remember this, no matter how they say it is going or what you hear, we are a proportional state. A close race is the best race, even if your guy isn't the leader.
Happy Super Tuesday 3, North Carolina! For once, we have a real impact on the process!
President Trump told the Group of 20 leaders in a closed-door meeting Friday that they were “largely responsible” for the U.S. trade deficit, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing an official.
The newspaper noted that China alone is responsible for roughly two thirds of the U.S. trade deficit.
The White House has pledged to “unilaterally rebalance what it brands as unfair bilateral terms of trade,” differing from the rest of the G-20 countries that advocate for global platforms to resolve imbalances.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The vast majority pointed out that we need free, but also fair, trade,” German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, according to the Journal. “The discussions on this are very difficult,” Merkel said.
But it wasn't Trump's only defiant position at the summit, as 19 of the 20 countries present – with the U.S. being the only exception – committing to the Paris climate agreement.
European leaders warned the president that they would retaliate against protectionist measures from his administration, the Journal said.
The gathering of 20 industrialized nations concluded Saturday, with Trump returning to the U.S. after a dramatic weekend with world leaders.
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards sued the state attorney general Friday for rejecting contracts with an anti-discrimination clause that would protect LGBT people, language the governor ordered to be included in nearly all state contracts.
“I believe he's on the wrong side of the law and on the wrong side of history on this particular issue,” the Democratic governor said of Republican Attorney General Jeff Landry.
Landry has refused to let state agencies hire outside lawyers if the agreements contain language barring discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity. But Edwards issued an executive order in April requiring that language to be included in most state contracts, except if the contractors are religious organizations.
The attorney general said Edwards' order exceeds the governor's legal authority and would establish a new protected class of people that doesn't exist in law.
Landry said he welcomes a court's decision on the issue: “I can respect that process. I think this is healthy.”
The lawsuit, which Edwards' office said was filed in state district court Friday, comes after months of escalating tensions since Edwards and Landry both took office in January. The two elected officials have clashed on the budget, oil spill recovery spending, lawsuits inherited from the former governor's administration and, most recently, contracts.
The governor and attorney general had a closed-door, hour-long meeting in Edwards' office Friday to discuss some of the disputes. While they appeared to reach terms on two budget disagreements, they didn't agree on the non-discrimination language for contracts.
“He basically told me if I wanted him to approve those contracts that I would have to sue him. So I'm going to oblige him on that,” Edwards said after the meeting. He added: “To tell people they can only contract with the state if they're free to discriminate, then that just doesn't make sense to me.”
More than 40 contracts to hire outside attorneys are stalled because of the argument, including arrangements for legal work at the Office of Elderly Affairs, the corrections department, natural resources department, state coastal protection agency, military affairs department and Southeastern Louisiana University. More than a dozen contracts for legal work on medical malpractice cases were rejected.
“It's becoming a real problem,” Edwards said.
And it extends to the offices of other Republican statewide elected officials, include the agencies led by the secretary of state, insurance commissioner, agriculture commissioner and treasurer.
The governor, an attorney, said Landry's office is supposed to do a “ministerial” review of contracts for agencies and boards to hire outside lawyers, making sure the lawyers are qualified to do the work and the fee structure complies with state law. Anything beyond that, Edwards said, exceeds the attorney general's authority.
“That's going to be what the courts are going to decide,” Landry said.
Landry said he's complying with the wishes of the Louisiana Legislature, which has refused to add protections into Louisiana law against discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
“That legislation was rejected in a bipartisan fashion,” he said. “Both the governor and I are supposed to abide by the wishes of the Legislature.”
Edwards' anti-discrimination order is similar to orders enacted by two former Louisiana Democratic governors — but he added language protecting against discrimination based on gender identity, a provision that protects transgender people.
“I'm very comfortable having issued the executive order,” Edwards said.
___
Follow Melinda Deslatte on Twitter at http://twitter.com/melindadeslatte
Zidane: Bale a key player despite Madrid boos
The winger was jeered by Real Madrid fans on Sunday but his coach has faith in the reported Manchester United target
head coach Zinedine Zidane insists Gareth Bale remains a key player for the Spanish and European champions after he was booed on Sunday.
Bale came in for extra attention from the Santiago Bernabeu crowd following Madrid's 2-2 draw against in .
Another Champions League for Madrid? 4/1 says so
The 28-year-old international – linked with giants – was upstaged by two-goal hero and team-mate Marco Asensio as he was substituted and jeered by sections of the home fans.
Article continues below
"He's a key player in the squad. Gareth is Gareth. We keep working hard and we rely on Gareth, just as is the case with the other players," Zidane said.
"Gareth's situation is good. He had scoring opportunities but did not convert them. We're going to keep working on this.
"I can't criticise my players, quite the contrary. I'm very happy with their work."
The New York Red Bulls will travel to Harvard for the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup Quarterfinals on Thursday, July 13 at 7:30 p.m. ET to take on the New England Revolution (WATCH: NewYorkRedBulls.com, RADIO: New York Red Bulls Radio on Tunein).
With the quarterfinal match fast approaching, here are seven reasons to watch.
Three More Wins Clinch The Title
After entering U.S. Open Cup in the Fourth Round, the Red Bulls have knocked out NYCFC and the Philadelphia Union.
New York is just three wins shy of clinching their first Open Cup title.
Ryan Meara Has Been Phenomenal
Through two U.S. Open Cup matches, Ryan Meara has allowed just one goal in two games.
Against Philadelphia, the goalkeeper made a save in the PK shootout to help send the Red Bulls to the quarterfinals.
Meara has totaled 10 saves in two Open Cup games, including seven against Philly.
Thrilling Win-Or-Go-Home Action
There are no ties in U.S. Open Cup, so everything will be on the line Thursday night.
If the teams are tied after 90 minutes, the game will head into extra time. If the clubs are still tied after 30 minutes of extra time, the match will be decided in a penalty kick shootout.
In the Round of 16, the Red Bulls tied the Union in regulation, 1-1, and won the game in penalty kicks, 5-3.
New England Wants Revenge
Thursday's game will mark the third matchup between these clubs in 2017, and the second in just nine days.
Through two games, the Red Bulls lead the season series, 2-0-0, with one win at Red Bull Arena and Gillette Stadium.
Last week, the Red Bulls stole three points on the road, thanks to a 93rd minute game-winning goal from Gonzalo Veron.
Expect a battle on Thursday, with the Revs looking to avenge last week's heartbreaking loss.
New Formation?
Last time out in the U.S. Open Cup Round of 16, Head Coach Jesse Marsch experimented with the team's formation en route to victory.
The Red Bulls played in a 3-6-1 formation for the first time in 2017, a switch from their usual 4-2-3-1 or 4-2-2-2.
How will the Red Bulls line up on Thursday? Tune in to find out!
Ninth Ever Open Cup Quarterfinals Appearance
Thursday's match in New England marks just the ninth U.S. Open Cup Quarterfinals appearance for the Red Bulls.
New York is 3-3-2 in eight previous Open Cup quarterfinals, and 23-19-3 overall in the tournament.
Keep the Momentum Going
New York enters Thursday's game with back-to-back wins in MLS and U.S. Open Cup games.
With a victory against the Revs, the Red Bulls could achieve a three-game winning streak for the second time this season.
New York last amassed a three-game winning streak in their successful April homestand against D.C. United, Columbus Crew SC and the Chicago Fire.
BATON ROUGE, Louisiana — Three police officers are dead. Two more are wounded. And a sheriff's deputy is fighting for his life they were all being shot by a gunman who attacked the officers on Sunday.
The slain officers include a man who had only recently joined the force and a 10-year veteran with a reputation for heroism. Marine veteran Matthew Gerald had only been patrolling on his own for 12 days before he was shot and killed. Officer Montrell Jackson was once injured in the line of duty, according to The Advocate, trying to save a toddler from a burning building.
Meanwhile, a 41-year-old deputy is in critical condition and two others are being treated for non-life threatening injuries after they exchanged gunfire with a man, according to authorities at a press conference Sunday afternoon. The shots were heard across America, which is reeling with the second large-scale attack on police officers since five were murdered in Dallas. President Obama in a statement called it an attack on "civilized society."
Col. Mike Edmonson of the Louisiana State Police told reporters that police received a call at 8:40 a.m. of a man carrying a rifle around the B-Quik gas station and convenience store just a mile from the police station. At the same time, two officers on the scene radioed they observed an individual in all black with a rifle. Two minutes later, at 8:42, came a call of shots fired. At 8:44 units from the East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office arrived and exchanged fire with the suspect, killing him. Part of the exchange was captured by an eyewitness.
Police did not immediately disclose any additional details about the suspect, but CBS and NBS News, citing law enforcement sources, identified the alleged gunman as 29-year-old Gavin Long of Kansas City, Missouri.
Immediately after the shooting, police asked the public to be on the lookout for men wearing all black or all camouflage. Hours later, police got a call from a Walmart store of two men wearing black t-shirts and camouflage shorts, according to The Advocate. The men, driving a car with Texas license plates, were apprehended at a gas station in Addis, southwest of Baton Rouge. It is not known if the men were arrested in connection to the shooting.
The Baton Rouge attack on police is the latest in a string of violence involving police that began when two white Baton Rouge cops shot and killed Alton Sterling, a black man who was selling CDs at a convenience store. A day later, a Hispanic officer in Falcon Heights, Minnesota shot and killed Philando Castile during a traffic stop. The killings kicked off a mass mobilization of Black Lives Matter protests across the country, including in Dallas where black militant Micah Johnson killed five police officers in Dallas in apparent revenge for Sterling and Castile's deaths.
Last Friday, Baton Rouge police said they had broken up a plot to kill police officers with firearms stolen from a pawn shop.
The cycle of violence was almost too much to take, officer Jackson wrote in a haunting Facebook post days before he was killed.
“I've experienced so much in my short life and the past 3 days have tested me to the core,” he wrote. “I swear to God I love this city but I wonder if this city loves me. In uniform I get nasty hateful looks and out of uniform some consider me a threat.”
President Obama denounced the second large-scale attack on law enforcement in as many weeks.
Calling it an "attack on all of us," Obama made his remarks just a week after he eulogized five officers murdered in Dallas. "I said that killer would not be the last person who tries to make us turn on each other, nor will today's killer," he said, adding, "That's up to us."
East Baton Rouge Sheriff Sid Gautreaux echoed Obama's sentiment at a press conference before the president spoke.
“With God's help we will get through this. To me, this is not so much about gun control as it is about what's in men's hearts. And until we come together as a nation and as a people to heal as a people. Iif we don't do that and this madness continues, we will surely perish as a people.”
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Thousands of people marched in central Baghdad on Saturday to protest a proposed U.S.-Iraqi security agreement that would extend the presence of U.S. troops in the country after the end of the year.
Thousands staged a mass march through Baghdad, Iraq, on Saturday to protest a planned U.S.-Iraq security deal.
The political party of Iraqi cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called for the rally. At one point, several speakers at a podium addressed the mass of people, urging the Iraqi government to reject the proposal.
"End the U.S. occupation of Iraq!" one speaker shouted in English.
Hazem al-Araji, a senior al-Sadr aide, told protesters their voices would be heard in America.
"Thanks to you, to these voices and the millions of voices, George Bush will hear these millions of calls in his 'Black House' -- in which you shouted out, 'No, no, America!'" he said. Watch protesters wave flags, swarm street »
"This talk and these words are that of the leader, Muqtada al-Sadr: Baghdad is free, free! America, get out. This voice does not reach the Green Zone. We want to hear everyone who is occupied in that area saying Baghdad is free, free, America get out!" al-Araji exclaimed.
Protesters clogged several streets in the capital, waving Iraqi flags and kicking up dust. The demonstration, the largest in Baghdad in several months, was largely peaceful.
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said in Washington on Thursday a draft status-of-forces agreement authorizing the U.S. troop presence in Iraq had "been agreed upon by U.S. and Iraqi negotiators" and was being reviewed by the two governments.
A U.N. mandate authorizing the U.S. troop presence in Iraq expires December 31, and U.S. officials are examining "contingencies" in case the Iraqi government is unable to sell the status-of-forces deal to the country's various factions, a senior Bush administration official said this week.
The same official said negotiations on the pact had finished and the text was final. The official said the "final" draft calls for U.S. troops to be out of Iraqi cities by June 2009 and out of Iraq by the end of 2011 unless the Iraqis ask the United States to stay.
The U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the discussions, said negotiators had also "reached a compromise" on the issue of U.S. troops remaining immune from Iraqi law -- an issue that was a major hurdle in the talks.
Baghdad has sought the power to arrest and try Americans accused of crimes not related to official military operations, plus jurisdiction over troops and contractors who commit grave mistakes in the course of their duties.
The United States has insisted its troops and contractors remain immune from Iraqi law.
CNN State Department Producer Elise Labott contributed to this report.
All About Iraq • U.S. Armed Forces
Hold this thought: To paraphrase the great Bob Hoffman, just when you think that if the Big Data babblers were to generate one more ounce of bull**** the entire f****** solar system would explode, what do they do? Exceed expectations.
I am a mild mannered person, but if there is one thing that irks me, it is when I hear variations on the theme of “Data Warehousing is Big Data”, “Big data is in many ways an evolution of data warehousing” and “with Big Data you no longer need a Data Warehouse”.
Big Data is not Data Warehousing, it is not the evolution of Data Warehousing and it is not a sensible and coherent alternative to Data Warehousing. No matter what certain vendors will put in their marketing brochures or stick up their noses.
In spite of all of the high-visibility screw-ups that have carried the name of Data Warehousing, even when they were not Data Warehouse projects at all, the definition, strategy, benefits and success stories of data warehousing are known, they are in the public domain and they are tangible.
Data Warehousing is a practical, rational and coherent way of providing information needed for strategic and tactical option-formulation and decision-making.
Data Warehousing is a strategy driven, business oriented and technology based business process.
We stock Data Warehouses with data that, in one way or another, comes from internal and optional external sources, and from structured and optional unstructured data. The process of getting data from a data source to the target Data Warehouse, involves extraction, scrubbing, transformation and loading, ETL for short.
Data Warehousing's defining characteristics are:
Subject Oriented: Operational databases, such as order processing and payroll databases and ERP databases, are organized around business processes or functional areas. These databases grew out of the applications they served. Thus, the data was relative to the order processing application or the payroll application. Data on a particular subject, such as products or employees, was maintained separately (and usually inconsistently) in a number of different databases. In contrast, a data warehouse is organized around subjects. This subject orientation presents the data in a much easier-to-understand format for end users and non-IT business analysts.
Integrated: Integration of data within a warehouse is accomplished by making the data consistent in format, naming and other aspects. Operational databases, for historic reasons, often have major inconsistencies in data representation. For example, a set of operational databases may represent “male” and “female” by using codes such as “m” and “f”, by “1” and “2”, or by “b” and “g”. Often, the inconsistencies are more complex and subtle. In a Data Warehouse, on the other hand, data is always maintained in a consistent fashion.
Time Variant: Data warehouses are time variant in the sense that they maintain both historical and (nearly) current data. Operational databases, in contrast, contain only the most current, up-to-date data values. Furthermore, they generally maintain this information for no more than a year (and often much less). In contrast, data warehouses contain data that is generally loaded from the operational databases daily, weekly, or monthly, which is then typically maintained for a period of 3 to 10 years. This is a major difference between the two types of environments.
Historical information is of high importance to decision makers, who often want to understand trends and relationships between data. For example, the product manager for a Liquefied Natural Gas soda drink may want to see the relationship between coupon promotions and sales. This is information that is almost impossible – and certainly in most cases not cost effective – to determine with an operational database.
Non-Volatile: Non-volatility means that after the data warehouse is loaded there are no changes, inserts, or deletes performed against the informational database. The Data Warehouse is, of course, first loaded with cleaned, integrated and transformed data that originated in the operational databases.
We build Data Warehouses iteratively, a piece or two at a time, and each iteration is primarily a result of business requirements, and not technological considerations.
Each iteration of a Data Warehouse is well bound and understood – small enough to be deliverable in a short iteration, and large enough to be significant.
Conversely, Big Data is characterised as being about:
Massive volumes: so great are they that mainstream relational products and technologies such as Oracle, DB2 and Teradata just can't hack it, and
High variety: not only structured data, but also the whole range of digital data, and
High velocity: the speed at which data is generated, transmitted and received.
These are known as the three Vs of Big Data, and they are subject to significant and debilitating contradictions, even amongst the gurus of Big Data (as I have commented elsewhere: Contradictions of Big Data).
From time to time, Big Data pundits slam Data Warehousing for not being able to cope with the Big Data type hacking that they are apparently used to carrying out, but this is a mistake of those who fail to recognise a false Data Warehouse when they see one.
So let's call these false flag Data Warehouse projects something else, such as Data Doghouses.
“Data Doghouse, meet Pig Data.”
Failed or failing Data Doghouses fail for the same reasons that Big Data projects will frequently fail. Both will almost invariably fail to deliver artefacts on time and to expectations; there will be failures to deliver value or even simply to return a break even in costs versus benefits; and of course, there will be failures to deliver any recognisable insight.
Failure happens in Data Doghousing (and quite possibly in Big Data as well) because there is a lack of coherent and cohesive arguments for embarking on such endeavours in the first place; a lack of real business drivers; and, a lack of sense and sensibility.
There is also a willing tendency to ignore the advice of people who warn against joining in the Big Data hubris. Why do some many ignore the ulterior motives of interested parties who are solely engaged in riding on the faddish Big Data bandwagon to maximise the revenue they can milk off punters? Why do we entertain pundits and charlatans who ‘big up' Big Data whilst simultaneously cultivating an ignorance of data architecture, data management and business realities?
Some people say that the main difference between Big Data and Data Warehousing is that Big Data is technology, and Data Warehousing is architecture.
Now, whilst I totally respect the views of the father of Data Warehousing himself, I also think that he was being far too kind to the Big Data technology camp. However, of course, that is Bill's choice.
Let me put it this way, if Oracle gave me the code for Oracle 3, I could add 256 bit support, parallel processing and give it an interface makeover, and it would be 1000 times better than any Big Data technology currently in the market (and that version of Oracle is from about 1983).
Therefore, Data Warehousing has no serious competing paragon. Data Warehousing is a real architecture, it has real process methodologies, it is tried and proven, it has success stories that are no secrets, and these stories include details of data, applications and the names of the companies and people involved, and we can point at tangible benefits realised. It's clear, it's simple and it's transparent.
Just like Big Data, right?
Well, no.
See what I mean?
Therefore, the next time someone says to you that Big Data will replace Data Warehousing or that Data Warehousing is Big Data, or any variations on that sort of ‘stupidity' theme, you can now tell them to take a hike, in the confidence that you are on the side of reason.
Many thanks for reading.
More perspectives on Big Data
Aligning Big Data: http://www.linkedin.com/pulse/aligning-big-data-martyn-jones
Big Data and the Analytics Data Store: http://www.linkedin.com/pulse/big-data-analytics-store-martyn-jones
A Modern Manager's Guide to Big Data:http://www.linkedin.com/pulse/managers-guide-big-data-context-martyn-jones
Core Statistics coexisting with Data Warehousing
Accomodating Big Data
And a big thank you to Bill Inmon (the father of Data Warehousing and of DW 2.0)
But with Mr. Chen now believed to be on the grounds of the American Embassy in Beijing, administration officials are likely to be far more cautious in handling his case. His advocacy for the handicapped and for families subject to forced abortions and other coercive population control methods is widely known in the West. He also became a symbol of the deficiencies of China's legal system after he was convicted of criminal charges in 2006 in a prosecution that Chinese lawyers — and even some officials in Beijing — felt made a mockery of China's claims to be developing better legal norms.
Mr. Chen, according to those who have spoken to him, slipped away on Sunday evening from his home in Shandong Province, where he has been held incommunicado since his release from prison in September 2010. Ai Weiwei, the artist and government critic who has also been subjected to residential detention, though far less draconian, said he had spoken to a friend who met with Mr. Chen in Beijing on Wednesday. The friend said Mr. Chen had climbed over a wall at night and evaded multiple lines of guards.
“You know he's blind, so the night to him is nothing,” Mr. Ai said the friend told him. “I think that's a perfect metaphor.”
Among those who helped Mr. Chen was He Peirong, a family friend who said Mr. Chen had planned his escape far in advance, staying in bed for long periods of time to trick guards into thinking he was too sick to walk. In an account she wrote on her microblog early Friday, Ms. He said that Mr. Chen had called her after fleeing the village. She said she then picked him up in her car, and they drove to Beijing. By late morning on Friday, Ms. He had been taken by public security agents from her home in Nanjing, according to Bob Fu, president of China Aid, a Christian rights group in Texas . Her microblog account was later deleted.
A spokesman for China's foreign minister on Friday said he had no information about the episode, but one intelligence officer expressed bewilderment that Mr. Chen had evaded his local government captors and had probably entered the embassy.
“It's still not clear how this happened,” the intelligence officer said. “Was this happenstance, or was it planned this way? Are there others planning to do the same?”
The timing is especially inopportune for Beijing, given that it is preparing to welcome Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner and other American officials next week for the annual Strategic and Economic Dialogue.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A vice foreign minister, Cui Tiankai, said Saturday morning that the meeting would go ahead as planned next week. Mr. Cui also played down the Chen case. “I don't think this issue will occupy much time or focus,” he said, regarding the meeting. “So I have no information for you on it.”
Photo
The escape creates headaches for Washington, which has been eager to improve relations with the Chinese on various economic and security issues. Those efforts have lately paid dividends, with Beijing increasingly cooperating with American diplomatic moves to pressure Iran and North Korea over their nuclear programs. China has also shown a willingness to support United Nations efforts to broker a cease-fire in Syria .
Mrs. Clinton has addressed Mr. Chen's case on several occasions, most recently in a speech on Asian policy in November that prompted a sharp rebuke from Beijing. “We are alarmed by recent incidents in Tibet of young people lighting themselves on fire in desperate acts of protest,” she said then, “as well as the continued house arrest of the Chinese lawyer Chen Guangcheng. We continue to call on China to embrace a different path.”
On Friday, however, the State Department's spokeswoman, Victoria Nuland, said she would make no comment about Mr. Chen's escape or his whereabouts. The White House also declined to comment, and a scheduled briefing on Mrs. Clinton's planned visit was postponed.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Chen Guangcheng is a very strong candidate for asylum,” said Susan L. Shirk, a former State Department official who is now a professor at the University of California, San Diego . “A blind lawyer who is being persecuted for exposing forced abortions? I don't think there's any question about it.”
But, as in the exploding scandal surrounding Bo Xilai, the Obama administration has sought to keep itself out of China's internal politics.
Right advocates said Mr. Chen was not seeking to leave China, but would try to negotiate his freedom with the Chinese authorities.
“He is reluctant to go overseas and wants only to live like a normal Chinese citizen,” said Mr. Fu.
Shortly after news of Mr. Chen's daring escape began circulating, a video appeared on YouTube on Friday, filmed in the days since he gained his freedom, in which he described life under house arrest. The video, in the form of an appeal to Prime Minister Wen Jiabao , detailed the abuse that he and his family suffered.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He told of how his daughter was followed to school by three guards each day and how guards had kicked his wife for hours on end. “Prime Minister Wen, you owe the people an explanation,” he said. “Are these atrocities the result of local officials violating the law or a result of orders from the top leadership?”
It is not the first time that Mr. Chen has sought to publicize the details of his confinement. Last year, he and his wife were reportedly severely beaten after a video they secretly recorded inside their home was smuggled out of the village and posted on the Internet. Friends say the subsequent abuse by their captors had left Mr. Chen in frail health.
Mr. Chen, 40, is a self-taught lawyer, who was once lauded by the state media for his work defending farmers and the disabled. But he angered local officials after taking on the case of thousands of women who had been forcibly sterilized in Linyi County. During a brief trial in 2006, he was sentenced to 51 months in jail on charges of destroying property and assembling a crowd to disrupt traffic — charges that advocates say were trumped up, given that he was under house arrest at the time.
After his release, he was taken directly to his family's stone farmhouse, which was turned into a makeshift prison. His wife, and for a time his young daughter, were also confined inside the house, which was ringed by surveillance cameras, floodlights and a rotating cordon of guards.
Reporters, diplomats and Chinese activists who tried to visit Mr. Chen were violently repelled by guards.
Right advocates on Friday expressed concern for Mr. Chen and for his wife, Yuan Weijing, who activists said was left behind. Still, Mr. Fu of China Aid said he was optimistic that Mr. Chen might be able to negotiate his freedom. “The fact that he's escaped will really shake up Chinese security forces,” he said. “It tells them that they are not almighty God.”
Stretching back to the Mike Singletary era, the 49ers have specialized in reclamation projects. Ahmad Brooks, Perrish Cox, and Vernon Davis are just some of the players that needed attitude adjustment to continue their careers. Now, Chris Cook is hoping to revive a sputtered career after four mostly forgettable years in Minnesota.
In front of the first 49ers' crowd at Levi's Stadium, Cook starred, stealing two interceptions. The big cornerback, who has played in 34 NFL games, including 29 starts, has yet to intercept his first regular-season pass.
I recently asked a veteran Vikings' observer why Cook has struggled and he said the 6-2, 212-pound former University of Virginia player has no concept where the ball is. That wasn't the case Monday, particularly on a deep pass to receiver Chuck Jacobs. The ball was underthrown by quarterback Blaine Gabbert and it was Cook, not Jacobs, who made the better adjustment on the pass.
Should Cook realize his potential as a former second-round pick in 2010, he could challenge another big corner, Chris Culliver, for playing time. Culliver is now a starter, however, he missed the team portion of practice with an undisclosed injury.
The Cook pick was his second of the day, and he has drawn praise for his play so far in training camp and during the off-season program. During an interview last week, Cook said before he signed with the 49ers, he felt at home just walking through the doors of the team facility.
“I felt this is the place I would like to call home. I felt at home when I walked into the building,” Cook said. “I could tell with all the interactions with the coaches that this is like one big family and all they care about is winning. There are a lot of positive things going on here and I can't wait for the season to start.”
Cook knows about negative things. He was arrested but not convicted of domestic abuse while in Minnesota, and the Vikings responded by sitting him for eight games.
During his initial meeting with the media after he signed a one-year, $730,000 deal, Cook said he was grasping his 49ers opportunity as a second, and maybe a last, chance.
“I'm not a rookie; I spent four years in Minnesota and it didn't go the way I necessarily wanted it to go,” Cook said. “I feel like this is an opportunity to turn my career around and have it go the way I wanted it to go when I was drafted in 2010. This is all refreshing for me.”
Communication is one of the refreshing aspects. As a fifth-year player, Cook is the most experienced cornerback in the team's revamped secondary. However, younger corners like Tramaine Brock and Culliver know more about the peculiarities of the 49ers defense.
“We get in our little huddles and we talk about things that we see, and talk about things we see each other do,” Cook said.
He is also a firm believer that time spent off the field is essential to cohesion on it. Last year, the secondary stayed close with frequent card games and off-site film sessions.
“We spend so much time together, I don't know how we are not sick of each other,” Cook noted. “In Minnesota when I was there, it was not like a brotherhood.”
Cook took most of his advice from Pro Bowl cornerback and former Viking Antoine Winfield. However, at 5-8, 176 pounds, Winfield played a completely different game from the lanky Cook.
“I'm a bigger guy, I can't really make the plays that he does,” Cook said.
The 49ers corners come in all sizes from the 5-foot, 9-inch, 197-pound Brock to the 6-2, 200-pound Dontae Johnson. In order for Cook to find his spot, he admits he needs to take care of himself, which includes finished his degree in anthropology.
“I have got three four-unit classes left to be a graduate,” Cook said proudly. He plans on finishing through the NFL's college completion program. Hopefully for Cook this season will serve as his first finishing school.
Hillary Clinton's ex-campaign chief John Podesta is complaining again about the fact that his failed campaign still won the popular vote in the 2016 presidential election.
In a podcast interview with Politico's Susan Glasser, Podesta spoke about the “burden” he felt by losing the election, digging up old talking points about Trump having the nuclear codes.
“We bear responsibility and it's a great burden and I feel it every day,” Podesta said when asked about the campaign. “I mean, we lost this election; we won the popular vote by 3 million votes, but we lost the Electoral College and lost the election to Donald Trump.”
He also complained about the letter to Congress from James Comey, clarifying that the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private emails was still open and again pointed to Vladimir Putin having a “grudge” against Clinton.
He tried to soften the blow of losing, pointing out that the campaign could have done more in Wisconsin, but that Pennsylvania was already lost.
“But you know, at the end of the day, we lost Pennsylvania anyway, and we had thrown everything we could at Pennsylvania,” he admitted.
Record utility shutoffs in New York
By Steve Filips
26 February 2015
Utility shutoffs in New York State have risen by double digits in 2014, driven by a dramatic rise in electricity and fuel prices, adding further proof that millions of people are struggling with basic necessities five years into the so-called economic recovery.
The Public Service Commission (PSC) reports that as of November 30, over 1.2 million residential customers were more than 60 days behind in their bills, and that nearly 277,000 residential electric and gas customers had their service disconnected for non-payment in 2014.
Last winter rates shot up during the record cold and the spike in fuel costs, but have not come down correspondingly since the fall in oil and gas prices.
National Grid, which provides gas and electric service to much of upstate New York, terminated service for over 62,000 customers during the first 10 months of 2014, up 25 percent from all of 2013. Statewide, terminations are up 14 percent in 2014 over the previous year. In June and July 2014, National Grid was terminating 80 customers an hour.
In the comment section on an article last month on Syracuse.com about National Grid's 25 percent increase in shutoffs, one worker wrote, “...Their bills are overwhelming (we are a family of 8), so we worked out payment arrangements to help with a $495 electric bill from this winter. When my husband switched jobs—leaving us without a paycheck for almost a month—they absolutely refused to help us in any way, shape, or form. Thankfully my parents helped us out.”
Once service has been disconnected it is very difficult to have it restored. In addition to having to pay all past due amounts, families are forced to pay an assortment of late fees, collection fees, disconnection fees and reconnection fees. On top of this, interest of 18 percent is charged on all past due amounts. Often the interest and fees total more than the outstanding debt. Making things even more difficult, utilities demand huge security deposits on top of all other payments.
The PSC does not report it, but tens of thousands of residents remain without service in the current frigid winter, and service cutoffs are continuing.
New York, like most states, has changed its laws, which used to prohibit disconnections during the winter months. Instead, utilities must attempt to contact an adult in the home. If they determine that health or safety would be jeopardized, the customer is referred to a local social service agency, but service is still cut off after 15 business days.
According to the US Energy Information Administration, New York has consistently had some of the highest utility costs in the entire nation. For example, National Grid charged its residential customers $316 million in March 2014, a 56 percent increase from the previous March.
The burden of these costs has been borne by the working class, while some corporations have received massive subsidies as incentives to relocate or remain in New York.
New York Utility Project (NYUP), a consumer advocacy group, states that, “New York's industrial customers' rates are 11% lower than the national average, while New York's residential rates are more than 60% higher than the national average.”
PSC chairperson Audrey Zilberman, in a press release last winter, explained, “The unusually cold weather that has gripped the region has caused energy supply prices to surge in New York state and throughout the Northeast.” This has led to the current shutoffs and has further strained the finances of struggling families.
The high rates being charged residential customers also exposes the lie that deregulation and privatization of the utilities lead to lower rates and better service.
The New York Power Authority (NYPA), a quasi-public agency that has 16 electric generating facilities, once provided low cost energy to residential customers, but has since allocated that energy mostly to corporations.
The largest subsidy is for $5.6 billion for a 30-year sweetheart deal between NYPA and Alcoa, which has an aluminum smelting facility in Massena, New York. This amounts to a 40 percent discount off the wholesale electric rates.
For 2013 the non-profit agency raked in income of $228 million, which was $56 million more than the prior year and was attributed to the higher electric prices.
The NYPA was founded during the Depression by then-governor of New York, Franklin D. Roosevelt. It manages the Niagara Falls hydroelectric project, which is the fourth largest hydroelectric facility in the US.
The PSC is also considering the agreement reached this past weekend between Rochester Gas & Electric (RG&E) and Chicago-based Exelon Corporation to maintain operations at the Ginna power plant. Exelon claims this plant is unprofitable. The agreement will mean that RG&E customers will see their bills increase by over 4 percent to subsidize Exelon's profits.
Those workers who can least afford the sky-high utility rate increases are being forced to go without basic necessities, or to risk their lives utilizing dangerous alternatives in an effort to keep the lights on or stay warm.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
A way out of the Ukraine crisis may now be faintly discernible. The round-table negotiations promoted by the Germans has the support of all the key governments. It is intended to produce a ceasefire, discussion of future Ukrainian constitutional arrangements, and the election of a new Ukrainian president on 25 May. There are still all sorts of ways it could go wrong: the east Ukrainian dissidents are not yet involved and will need to be; and polarisation continues, with both sides gradually losing control of their thuggish surrogates. But things now look marginally more hopeful than they have since the ill-fated Geneva agreement of a month ago.
The west has had to learn some hard lessons to get to where we are now.
It is generally accepted that the EU (in a mode splendidly described by one commentator as of "impotent megalomania") precipitated matters by blundering into the most sensitive part of Russia's backyard without seriously asking itself how it might react. This was not an isolated error but the culmination of 20 years of the west simply not taking Russia seriously, most notably with the Kosovo war and the expansion of Nato. When Russia did react in the (legally indefensible, but historically understandable) form of annexing Crimea and destabilising east Ukraine, the western view then swung 180 degrees to focusing on the need to "contain" a revanchist Russia intent on rebuilding the Soviet Union.
In the absence of any willingness among western publics to fight for the independence of Simferopol, the only weapon available was sanctions. These allowed western leaders to claim they were "doing something", but in fact cruelly exposed their unwillingness to take real economic pain on Ukraine's behalf. They have also become something of a badge of patriotic pride for those Russians targeted by them – of the six uses of sanctions by the west against the USSR/Russia since the second world war none have worked.
Happily, we now seem to be waking up to the reality that we are dealing not with a revanchist Russia, but with a coldly calculating one – a Russia that is neither patsy nor praying mantis. They don't want to fight a war or take on the economic burden of rebuilding eastern Ukraine, but they do have a minimal list of requirements – Ukrainian neutrality, more autonomy for Russian speakers – which have to be met before they will back off.
Should we concede these points? Ukraine is a big heterogeneous country where provincial autonomy makes sense, and in such a mess that Nato membership is certainly at least decades off. Nevertheless, I regularly hear two quite compelling arguments why we should not. First, if the Russians get what they want this time, they – and by extension others – will come back for more. We cannot let the annexation of Crimea go unpunished. Second, what business does Russia have telling Ukraine how it can govern itself anyway? The world has moved beyond the point where big states can tell small states what to do.
I am afraid my answer to these arguments has to be an uncomfortable one. Indeed, in a rules-based world aggressors would be punished and small states would not be pushed around by big ones. But the rules-based world we imagine we have been living in since 1991 was always an illusion, and is now a fading one. It was an illusion because the rules, as admirably set out in the UN charter, were in fact interpreted and enforced by an economically and militarily predominant west.
When the west saw need for an exception – Iraq, Kosovo, Israel – the rest privately grumbled but went along with it. And the illusion is now fading because, of course, western predominance is also fading. President Obama's trip to Asia two weeks ago saw a circle of allies diminishingly convinced by his assurances of support in their dealings with China. In Ukraine, perhaps the first real crisis of the new order, we are dealing with a newly confident Russia, and it is striking that the other "rising powers", which might have been expected to deplore an illegal annexation, have in fact stood carefully aloof.
Through the crisis the US has regularly charged Russia with behaving in a "19th-century way". This has provoked a leading Russian commentator to suggest that the time has indeed come for the world to relearn the diplomatic arts of that period. He was right. We are no longer in a world where the west can simply enforce its view. Great power politics is back. No doubt we could have a knockdown, drag-out showdown with Vladimir Putin about Ukraine's right to join Nato. But the result would be a split Ukraine, a lot of economic disruption, an even more aggrieved and destructive Russia, and a further enfeebled world order. The only winners would be the likes of China and Iran. As Henry Kissinger, the arch doer of deals with global pariahs, has noted, "We cannot abandon national security in pursuit of virtue".
The best outcome for Ukraine, and for us, would be an agreement with Russia to get the great powers out, as with Finland during the cold war, and give the country space to turn itself into an economic and political success, which would then be an example to Russia itself. And I am afraid we are going to have to brace ourselves for more such transactions in the future.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set for another record- the highest number of electoral rallies made by a politician in the world.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi Prime Minister Narendra Modi
His name has been proposed to the Guinness Records Committee by Agra-based World Record Holders Organisation (WRHO) and the committee has responded to the request by seeking more data on the rallies conducted by Modi.
Talking to IndiaToday.in, Dr Parthsarthi Sen Sharma, general secretary, WRHO, said that the organisation has written to the Limca Book of Records and World Records Academy, US, apart from the Guinness Records Committee. He said that while canvassing for the 16th Lok Sabha elections, Modi held over 1,800 political rallies, in person as well as through 3D holographic technique. This is believed to be the world record of electoral rallies held by any politician.
He said that the organisation has received a response from the Guinness Records Committee on email and is in the process of collating all the data to be sent to the committee for consideration.
Illustration from author's book Everyday Wonders: Encounters with the Astonishing World Around Us (Contemporary Books, 1993).
Take a deep breath. Notice anything special? Did you catch a whiff of Shakespeare, a dash of Socrates, a trace of Cleopatra? No? They were there, just the same. You just inhaled millions of molecules which each of them once exhaled.
Let's take a look at just one historic breath: Cleopatra's last. This came, if we're to believe Shakespeare, moments after his second-most interesting stage direction, To an asp, which she applies to her breast. (The best is, of course, Exit pursued by a bear.)
You just inhaled about 20 molecules from her dying exhale. You may have heard such a claim previously, and wondered if it was true -- I'd certainly dismissed it as pure hokum, but I was wrong. In very round numbers: Earth's atmosphere contains 1.6 x 1044 atoms, and each breath we take consists of 8 x 1022 atoms. To get some sense of that last number, if each of those atoms of air were a grain of sand, every breath you took would cover the entire United States to the depth of an eight-story building.
Dividing the number of atoms in the entire atmosphere by those in one breath shows that about 1 in every 2 x 1021 atoms we breathe in the air right here is from Cleopatra's dying exhalation (assuming, reasonably enough, that winds over two millennia have done a thorough worldwide mixing job). This, in turn, means that each of us inhales about 40 atoms -- say 20 molecules -- from her last gasp with every breath we take.
In fact, it's probably safe to say that each breath you take includes air that passed out of the lungs of everyone who has ever lived, at least up to a hundred or so years ago (to allow time for their breath to be sufficiently well mixed in the atmosphere). For someone who died more recently -- say, Elvis -- the mixing process probably hasn't been thorough enough (sorry). But it's a safe bet that your last inhale did include molecules from Plato, Pontius Pilate, Charlemagne, Michelangelo and Marie Antoinette.
So enjoy the company of the rich and famous as you breathe your way through the day.
Barry Evans (barryevans9@yahoo.com) breathes and lives in Old Town Eureka.
Show all
Active structure and control (1)
Active/adaptive structures (122)
Actuators, motors (1)
Advanced propulsion (17)
Advanced structural concepts & materials (82)
Aerothermodynamics (ATD) computation tools (77)
Air management systems & components (1)
Antennas (117)
Antennas & antenna systems (1)
Applied life science technology (53)
Applied physical science technology (45)
ATD ground-based facilities (16)
ATD multi-disciplinary tools (68)
Automation & robotics components & technologies (136)
Automation & robotics systems (63)
Automation, teleprescence & robotics applications & concepts (37)
Base-band processing (3)
Batteries (1)
Chemical propulsion technologies (39)
Cleanliness & sterilisation (20)
Collaborative & concurrent engineering (142)
Composites, ceramics (3)
Compression, encryption etc. (4)
Consultancy on project management, training (4)
Consultancy on reliability, safety, quality assurance (3)
Control electronics technologies (72)
Crew habitation, safe haven & EVA suits (40)
Cryogenics and refrigeration (40)
Data collection (3)
Data handling & storage (6)
Deployable structures (1)
Diagnostics and monitoring techniques (2)
Digital communications (4)
Earth observation payload data applications and services (3)
Earth observation payload data exploitation (143)
EEE Component technologies (77)
Electric propulsion (1)
Electric propulsion technologies (27)
Electronic tubes (1)
EM wave propagation phenomena (1)
EMC (electro-magnetic compatibility) (1)
EMC/RFC/ESD (50)
End-to-end services for satellite com. and navigation (2)
Energy storage technologies (37)
Engineering and operation of payload data ground segments (3)
Engineering and operation of space mission control (3)
Environment effects (109)
Environmental Control & Life Support (ECLS) (76)
Environmental testing (3)
Exploration tool technologies (12)
Flight dynamics (23)
Flight testing (11)
GaAs components (1)
GNSS systems & ground-related technologies (113)
Ground communications networks (99)
Ground data (Mission control) systems (133)
Ground data processing (94)
Ground segment software (93)
Ground station system (173)
Guidance and control (4)
Heat storage and rejection (25)
Heat transport technology (36)
High stability, high precision spacecraft structures (72)
Hot structures (88)
Hybrids, PCBs, surface mounted technologies (3)
Hyper-velocity impact (HVI) & protection (15)
Inflatable & deployable structures (113)
In-Situ Resource Utilisation (ISRU) (25)
In-situ science measurement devices (1)
Instrumentation in support of life sciences (103)
Instrumentation in support of physical sciences (117)
Laser systems and technology (2)
Laser technologies (44)
Launchers, re-entry vehicles, planetary vehicles (113)
Material processes (84)
Mechanism core technologies (85)
Mechanism engineering (90)
Mechanisms (1)
Meteoroid & debris shield design & analysis (86)
Methods & processes for radiation hardness assurance (23)
Microelectromechanical system (MEMS) technologies (38)
Microelectronics for digital & analogue applications (112)
Microwave & millimetre wave technologies & equipment (114)
Microwave technology (3)
Miniature mechanical devices (1)
Mission operation & ground data systems : advanced system concepts (119)
Mission operations (75)
Modelling, databases & risk analysis (85)
Networking (2)
Non-destructive control (1)
Non-explosive release technologies (30)
Novel materials (54)
On-board data management (93)
On-board payload data processing (150)
Optical component technology & materials (60)
Optical components, incl. micro-optics (4)
Optical equipment & instrument technology (64)
Optical instrumentation & sensors (2)
Optical system analysis and engineering (2)
Optical system engineering (64)
Optoelectronic detector technologies (82)
Opto-electronic devices (6)
Passive components (3)
Payload acquisition planning (1)
Payload data handling (2)
Photonics (90)
Physical and chemical sensors (2)
Physical science instrumentation (2)
Plastic, rubber (2)
Power conditioning & distribution (59)
Power conditioning, management & distribution (2)
Power generation technologies (37)
Promoting and training (3)
Pyrotechnics technologies (60)
Radio navigation (sub-)systems (95)
RF communication equipment (3)
RF front-end (3)
RF payloads (137)
Robotics components & systems (1)
Sensors (6)
Shielding technology (1)
SI components (2)
Signal & image processing (8)
Smart structures (1)
Software development (13)
Software engineering (11)
Software quality & product assurance (3)
Software quality (product & process) techniques (114)
Software tools (9)
Solar cells and or solar arrays (2)
Space debris measurements (36)
Space electronics (6)
Space environment (75)
Space segment Guidance Navigation & Control (GNC) (85)
Space segment software (133)
Space system : advanced software technologies (210)
Space system architecture and autonomy (59)
Space system studies (5)
Space weather (82)
Spacecraft power system architecture (60)
Structural damage tolerance & health monitoring (118)
Structural design & verification methods & tools (151)
Structural engineering & verification (5)
Structural manufacturing techiques (3)
Sub millimetre and infra-red technologies (3)
Support to applications, services and market (3)
Support to market research &/or technology watch (107)
Support to research and product definition (3)
Supporting propulsion technologies & tools (79)
Surface treatments (2)
System analysis & design (183)
System dependability & safety methods & tools (132)
System design : mission & system specification (149)
Technical support to R&D and/or product innovation (263)
Telecommunication (sub-)systems (139)
Thermal analysis tools (121)
Thermal control components (1)
Thermal control system design (incl. s/w) (3)
Thermal protection (52)
Tracking, telemetry & control (TT&C) (sub-)systems (131)
Training or consulting in project management (136)
Training or consulting in quality assurance (128)
Tribology (2)
Tribology technologies (35)
TT&C and user terminals (4)
User interfaces (2)
Verification and Assembly, Integration & Test (AIT) (151)
Water recycling systems (1)
Wave interaction & propagation (70)
Find this tool useful, want to donate?
2017-08-20
Companies modified (7 new, 6 removed, 4 updated)
2017-03-28
Companies modified (11 new, 11 removed, 3 updated) GPS coordinates fixed (35 companies)
2016-05-24
Companies modified (13 new, 10 removed, 3 updated) Fields updated (1 new, 7 removed) Added donation link
2015-11-02
Added 1 new company
(Aero Stanrew) Removed 2 companies
(Aetheric Engineering Ltd, SarVision)
2015-09-01
Added 5 new companies
(Caeleste, Cloudferro Sp z o. o., isardSAT, LTD., isardSAT, S.L., isardSAT, SP. Z O.O.) Removed 1 company
(Aboa Space Research Oy)
2015-07-17
Updated icon for filter list
2015-07-11
Added 30 new companies Removed 4 companies
(Swiss Space Technology, isardSAT, S.L.,Exatronic Lda., EM Software & Systems GmbH) Updated 5 companies with new addresses, fields of expertiese and company names
(TWT GmbH, ROBOSOFT SA, Lens Research & Development, Holos SA, CEMEC intelligente Mechanik GmbH) Multiple lat/long fixes for companies Fixing issues with floating windows fading out when they shouldn't be due to click propogation to the map Fixing issue with filter menu not hiding correctly on mobile devices Added change list Blog entry
2015-01-15
Markers will now show richer company info and contact information Added primary fields of expertise to companies Added feature to filter map markers by field of expertiese Blog entry
2014-11-24
Initial release Blog entry
Liberals are worried as it becomes clear that a majority of Canadians disagree with Trudeau making Omar Khadr a multi-millionaire but now they're getting nervous that Americans might not like this deal either.
Their nervousness is apparent as they get on Twitter to chastise Canadians like me and Conservative MPs who dare to talk to Americans about the dirty deal.
They're even linking this to NAFTA talks and potential job losses for Canadians.
Watch as I show you the desperate behaviour coming from Liberals like Gerry Butts.
He started by complaining about Peter Kent's piece in the Wall Street Journal and even accused the Conservatives of being hyper-partisan on Canada-US relations and launching an anti-Trudeau campaign in the US.
The most interesting tweet from Gerry came after Michelle Rempel's appearance on Fox News where he asks if NAFTA came up.
Clearly, they're worried.
But if the Liberals are now worried that this deal with Khadr could cost jobs, maybe they should have thought of that ahead of time?
So far the official reaction from the Trump administration is muted but that doesn't mean the reaction from the American people will be muted.
On talk radio, on cable news, this is getting noticed and tweets like this will not help. Country legend Charlie Daniels, who has a sizeable social media following, tweeted:
“Justin Trudeau you've insulted the best friend your nation will ever have”
Amen to that Charlie.
The Liberals are in damage control as they realize this is going to hurt them and not just with voters in Canada but also quite likely with our ally, our friend, our neighbour, the one we are about to renegotiate that trade deal with.
Four-and-a-half games.
That's all that separates the American League East-leading New York Yankees and fourth-place Toronto coming out of the all-star break, with 71 games remaining in the Blue Jays' season.
The number dips to four games back of Houston if you're looking at the wild-card standings.
So, if you go by the old line that if a team is within seven games of a division lead at the break, then the 45-46 Blue Jays are clearly within striking distance of a playoff spot.
With that in mind, we take a look at five areas of the team entering the unofficial second half of the season that could make or break the team's chances of ending the longest active playoff drought in the major leagues at 21 seasons.
1) Should the Blue Jays sacrifice future assets to make a playoff run this year?
Yes. Who knows how long the AL East will be this wide open. The offence, which is top three in the 15-team AL in runs, home runs, total bases, on-base percentage and slugging percentage, is playoff calibre. The starting pitching, besides the consistent Mark Buehrle, needs improvement. The Jays are 12th in the AL in ERA, 11th in quality starts and 10th in batting average against. How about dangling a Daniel Norris, Aaron Sanchez or Miguel Castro to upgrade the starting rotation with post-season experience? The Jays would still have starters such as Marcus Stroman and Jeff Hoffman, plus reliever Roberto Osuna, going forward.
2) Should designate hitter Edwin Encarnacion be used as trade bait?
Perhaps this is the player Blue Jays GM Alex Anthopoulos was thinking of when he talked about getting "creative" before the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline. Encarnacion, who holds a team option for next season, would bring value in return based on his 30-home run, 100-RBI pace and not his .233 batting average.
Maybe he's the bait to acquire a proven starter rather than surrendering a young arm. Is it risky? You bet. But with a potent and balanced Blue Jays offence, Anthopoulos would be dealing from a position of strength. However, EE's departure combined with a serious injury to either Josh Donaldson, Jose Bautista or Jose Reyes would be crippling.
3) Is the presence of Jose Bautista, whose attitude and leadership have been questioned, potentially damaging to a playoff run?
Sure, Bautista has had his run-ins with umpires while standing in the batter's box and at last year's all-star game questioned whether the Jays were good enough to contend, but has toned things down in both areas this season. The acquisitions of third baseman Josh Donaldson and catcher Russell Martin no doubt has taken pressure off Bautista having to be the lone leader. He prefers to be a leader by example but cost his team in this area on April 21 when he strained his right shoulder attempting to throw out the Orioles' Delmon Young at first base after a verbal exchange with numerous Baltimore players. That move prevented Bautista from playing right field for 30 games, so keeping his competitive spirit in check is crucial.
4) Should the Blue Jays stick with Roberto Osuna as closer or look to acquire help?
His performance to date, converting four of five save chances and posting a 2.25 ERA and 44 strikeouts in 40 innings, suggests yes, but it would be foolish for Anthopoulos not to explore the market for a more experienced major league closer.
The hard-throwing Osuna is only 20 and could learn plenty working in the eighth inning and watching the likes of Jonathan Papelpon or Francisco Rodriguez, two stoppers said to be available, perform in high-leveraged situations down the stretch. Durability could be a concern post-all-star break as Osuna has never reached 44 innings in any of the previous four seasons.
5) Upon Aaron Sanchez's return from injury, should he be used as a starter or reliever?
Well, it appears the team wants him to start, based on Sanchez's rehab outings from a strained lat. But it's always easier for a pitcher to move from the rotation to the bullpen rather than having to get stretched out as a starter. Should Toronto trade for a starter, moving Sanchez to the 'pen might help address concerns in that area. It also makes sense to have the hard-throwing Sanchez work late in games rather than, say, Marco Estrada. Sanchez was stellar in relief late last season, posting a 1.09 ERA and holding the opposition to a .128 batting average. In 11 starts this season, he has a 3.55 ERA but has walked 37 and struck out 42 in 66 innings.
The Lighthouse/Universal Images Group/REX Shutterstock
It's no secret that therapies that look promising in mice rarely work in people. But too often, experimental treatments that succeed in one mouse population do not even work in other mice, suggesting that many rodent studies may be flawed from the start.
“We say mice are simpler, but I think the problem is deeper than that,” says Caroline Zeiss, a veterinary neuropathologist at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. Researchers rarely report on subtle environmental factors such as their mice's food, bedding or exposure to light; as a result, conditions vary widely across labs despite an enormous body of research showing that these factors can significantly affect the animals' biology.
“It's sort of surprising how many people are surprised by the extent of the variation” between mice that receive different care, says Cory Brayton, a pathologist at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland. At a meeting on mouse models at the Wellcome Genome Campus in Hinxton, UK, on 9–11 February, she and others explored the many biological factors that prevent mouse studies from being reproduced.
Confounding factors
Christopher Colwell, a neuroscientist at the University of California, Los Angeles, has first-hand experience with these issues. He and a colleague studied autism in the same genetically modified mouse line, but obtained different results on the same behaviour tests. Eventually they worked out why: Colwell, who studies circadian rhythms, keeps his mice dark in the daytime to trick their body clocks into thinking day is night, so that the nocturnal animals are more alert when tested during the day. His colleague does not.
Colwell notes that disregarding mouse circadian rhythms could bias many behaviour experiments. Most humans would not perform well on social and cognitive tests either if made to do them in the middle of the night, he adds.
You are what you eat
Nutrition can also determine whether a mouse study succeeds or fails, yet Brayton says that many researchers cannot even say where their animals' feed comes from. Some mouse foods contain oestrogens and endocrine-disrupting chemicals that can affect research on cancer, among other diseases1. And the high-fat, high-sugar food used in obesity studies goes rancid quickly; when it does, mice may stop eating and lose weight without researchers realizing why.
Food choices can also alter a mouse's gut microbiome. Catherine Hagan Gillespie, a veterinary pathologist at the Jackson Laboratory in Sacramento, California, has found that species of bacteria in the gut vary widely between mice from different vendors2. In another, unpublished, study, she found that mice with different assortments of gut bacteria showed different anxiety levels in behavioural tests.
But few behavioural scientists think about running microbiology assessments, says Hagan Gillespie. Even when they do, the extra work involved can increase the complexity and cost of the study. Yet the mouse microbiome is sensitive to a wide array of factors, such as air quality, maternal stress and immune function.
Differences in the gut microbiome may explain why mice with the same genetic mutation can have different characteristics, or phenotypes, says George Weinstock, associate director for microbial genomics at the Jackson Lab's site in Farmington, Connecticut. Jackson Lab, which breeds and supplies mice for use in studies around the world, tightly controls factors such as the type and quantity of food and the pH of water that animals receive. Even so, it finds differences between the mice at its three sites. Weinstock says that the company has begun researching ways to standardize its customers' experiments by providing special food and care instructions for the mice that it provides.
But even when improved mice and food are available, some researchers resist using them out of concern that it will affect their results, says Graham Tobin, former technical director of the mouse-diet vendor Teklad in Alconbury, UK. Yet he argues that standardizing results across labs is worth this inconvenience to individual scientists. Tobin also notes that researchers rarely resist adopting other new technologies — such as improved DNA sequencers — that can throw older data into question.
Time pressure
Zeiss says that the competitive nature of science might increase researchers' resistance to changing how they consider animals in research design. If scientists have to treat their animals at the right point in the experiment, analyse both clinical and biomarker changes, include old mice and both sexes to ensure that results are representative of broad populations, and control environmental variables, each experiment will take much longer and they're probably not going to be able to publish as much, she says.
The US National Institutes of Health (NIH) has taken steps to address some of these problems. Some of its institutes require certain animal trials to be replicated before a therapy can move into clinical trials, but the NIH says that it has no plans to require this agency-wide. And in 2014, the NIH began requiring researchers to include female animals in studies, and started to give out supplementary grants to researchers who complained about the cost. But the agency has not issued any specific grants or supplements to study other confounding factors.
That is disappointing to those who would like to see researchers control — or at least report — factors such as the strain of mice used and the type of environment they are raised in. This would allow researchers to perform metanalyses of published literature that could identify any confounding factors. “The information and the wisdom is out there,” says Zeiss, “but studies get funded without necessarily a lot of attention to that.”
This gas flare in resource-rich Pilbara could not have burned 3.5 billion years ago because Earth lacked oxygen. (GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images)
Researchers have found fossils of bacteria that are nearly 3.5 billion years old, believed to be the oldest visible fossils ever uncovered.
The fossils, found in northwest Australia's Pilbara region, are from a time before oxygen existed on Earth and are from just one billion years after Earth's formation, according to Old Dominion University's Nora Noffke, one of the researchers who worked on the project.
The fossils are imprints found on sandstone that was formed when microbes interacted with rock sediment. Scientists have discovered older rocks, but Noffke says those rocks have eroded to the point where traces of life are all but impossible to find.
"I can confidently say the structures we're working on cannot be found on older rocks—until now, there has been nothing that is this well preserved," Noffke says. "There are some that are much older, but they experience metamorphosis—anything that's on them has been overprinted and it's difficult to reconstruct what was there."
The ancient microbes likely fed on sulfur, as many bacterial organisms do today. The discovery could spur further searches for life on Mars and other places where sedimentary rock is more well-preserved than on Earth. The Mars Curiosity Rover currently has instruments on it to look for similar fossils, she says.
"That's the next question: Are these on Mars?" she says. "Our structure is one of the structures the rover is looking for—if we've found sedimentary structures like that on Earth's most well-preserved rocks, could they be on rocks of similar ages on Mars?"
More News:
1. Ben Stiller, Tropic Thunder (2008)
There's a lot of biting satire of Hollywood in 2008's Tropic Thunder, including some real teeth in the running joke about Ben Stiller's character, who's known for playing Simple Jack, a character with intellectual disabilities. It's clearly a dig at both Forrest Gump and I Am Sam, which is called out specifically in a conversation between Stiller and Robert Downey Jr. “Never go full retard,” says Downey. “You don't buy that? Ask Sean Penn, 2001, I Am Sam. Remember? Went full retard? Went home empty-handed.” He was mostly right, despite the insensitive language: When movies and TV shows attempt to portray people with disabilities, the results are almost always tone-deaf, awkward, and borderline offensive. The characters are presented as cute, or magical, or beloved objects of pity and scorn, even as they're supposed to be inspiring. It's not that portraying intellectually disabled characters shouldn't be done, just that it's almost never been done well, with most characters drawn so broadly (They talk loud! They have very specific obsessions!) that they become caricatures. And they rarely win acting awards.
2. Rosie O'Donnell, Riding The Bus With My Sister (2005)
It'd be hard to imagine an actor less up to the task of playing a person with intellectual disabilities than Rosie O'Donnell, but at least she has gusto. Scratch that—her gusto is what makes Riding The Bus With My Sister, based on a memoir of the same name, so repulsively ridiculous. O'Donnell shouts, twists up her face, wears mismatched socks, and ignores social cues with such over-the-top glee, it almost feels like she's making fun of herself. The movie has become the stuff of legend at this point, because it's just so far beyond the pale. Its message, ultimately, seems to be that this woman's sister should love her in spite of the fact that she's incredibly annoying.
3. Ricky Gervais, Derek (2012)
Ricky Gervais' best-known characters are designed to be laughed at, to be mercilessly mocked by those around them and by viewers at home. David Brent, while he had some redeeming characteristics, was a buffoon, while Andy Millman was so self-important it was easy to watch him fail, even when he was winning. Even when Gervais is playing himself it's as a hateable asshole, whether in Life's Too Short or those fucking Audi commercials. All of which makes Derek so confusing. The mental state of its title character, played by Gervais, is ambiguous, but clearly something isn't quite right—he's hunched over, frequently grinning crazily, and all too willing to enthusiastically spout his own philosophy about the world. (It comes down to this: Be nice. Which seems an odd thought for Gervais.) But when the character vacillates so quickly between platitudes and “ain't he a cute dummy?” remarks, there's no sense of where the joke is, or even if there is a joke, or if this is a comedy at all. Whatever the case, it would've been wise to find somebody without Gervais' baggage to play the role, but since he's also the writer-director, he probably couldn't have imagined anyone more perfect for the job.
Advertisement
4. Tom Hulce, Dominick And Eugene (1988)
Tom Hulce—known best from his almost-star-making turn as Mozart in Amadeus—is introduced in Dominick And Eugene when a dog licks his face until he wakes up. He's a little grossed out, but then exclaims, “Sometimes I wonder who's stupider, you or me!” Thus we learn that the half-titular Eugene isn't quite right in the head. Hulce at least has the chops to almost pull this off—he has a sense of innocent glee in most of his roles—but the material doesn't help him out. It's of the “aren't people with disabilities cute?” school, though at least there's a solid scene in which Hulce questions his own existence and shows some emotional growth. He was nominated for a Golden Globe for his performance, though it should be noted that his disability was the result of an accident, and not something genetic.
5. Sean Penn, I Am Sam (2001)
There's no question that Sean Penn is one of his generation's most talented actors: Just look at the diverse work he's done in Milk, Mystic River, The Game, Dead Man Walking, even Fast Times At Ridgemont High. But in his mad dash for the “full retard” Oscar, he must've forgotten to read this particular script before signing on. In the midst of an insanely implausible story—Penn raises daughter Dakota Fanning until she's 7, with few problems (even though he apparently doesn't understand how money works)—at which point the state decides to take her away from him… because she's reached the age where she's smarter than he is. Of course Fanning is precocious and wonderful in every way, and Penn—all goofy smiles and tantrums, but no depth—is so lovable that hardened lawyer Michelle Pfeiffer wants to take his case. Penn was nominated for that Oscar, but he didn't win. Maybe because he was surrounded by sentiments like, “One's intellectual capacity has no bearing on their ability to love!”
6. Cuba Gooding Jr., Radio (2003)
Most movies about people with intellectual disabilities feature at least one scene in which the main character acts goofy and lifts everyone else's spirits, with the implication being, “If he can be happy, surely we all can, since there's nothing wrong with us!” That certainly happens in the brutishly heartwarming Radio, starring Oscar winner (not for this!) Cuba Gooding Jr. as a man who finds himself a de facto cheerleader for high school sports. He has huge, messed-up Hollywood teeth and he's excited by the choo-choo train. He does baby voices. At some point, a voice of reason wonders, “I'm not sure if we're trying to help somebody here, or if he's being used as some kind of glorified mascot!” But at the end of this very silly (based on a true story) scenario, something very typical happens: learning. “We're not the ones been teachin' Radio… Radio's the one been teachin' us.” Gooding did win an award for his portrayal of Radio, but it was a Golden Raspberry for Worst Actor.
Advertisement
7-8. Juliette Lewis and Giovanni Ribisi, The Other Sister (1999)
Garry Marshall's treacle-powered The Other Sister may be the most insidiously, unintentionally offensive movie ever made. Juliette Lewis and Giovanni Ribisi play developmentally challenged lovers whose every foible is played for laughs, including a particularly egregious scene in which they discuss The New Joy Of Sex, deliberating which positions they'd like to try out as part of their maiden voyage into coitus. It's intended as a tender, real-life moment, but it comes across as just mocking—as does a part when Lewis' character gets lost in her own house, which occurs in the background of a scene.
9-10. Shaun Cassidy and Linda Purl, Like Normal People (1979)
Ground zero for developmentally challenged people vs. Hollywood debacle, 1979's Like Normal People starred pop sensation Shaun Cassidy (“Da Doo Ron Ron,” “Do You Believe In Magic”) and Linda Purl (seen most recently in everything from The Office to Homeland) as lovers fighting for the right to marry. But everything they do is so exaggerated for effect that it's difficult to concentrate on what they're actually saying. Purl's vocal affectation—some kind of constant whine/shout—is so gratingly unbelievable it's a wonder Cassidy's character didn't bolt the other way immediately.
11. Jim Belushi, Homer And Eddie (1989)
No name says “dramatic actor capable of a challenging role” less than “Jim Belushi,” the egotistical also-ran of the Belushi family. By 1989, he already had enough film roles under his belt that he could probably be choosy, so presumably he decided to play Homer Lanza—a developmentally challenged man whose trouble stems from getting hit in the head with a baseball—for the promise of acting awards. Belushi hits the road with Whoopi Goldberg, herself shooting for cred by playing a homicidal character with a brain tumor. At least Belushi keeps it simple, never stretching beyond his ability to act kind of dumb (something he does all the time, not just in roles like this one). The New York Times found Homer And Eddie's one saving grace: “at least they don't fall in love.”
Advertisement
12. Mickey Rooney, Bill (1981)
For a certain age group, Mickey Rooney isn't known for the big Hollywood roles he had as a young man, but for a pair of TV movies he made in the mid-'80s, Bill and Bill On His Own. In them, Rooney plays a man with developmental disabilities who alternately amuses and saddens those around him, particularly documentary filmmaker Dennis Quaid. One minute he's grabbing far more chicken than a reasonable person would eat; the next he's telling Quaid about childhood abuse at the hands of his caretakers. The movies—not that subtle at the time—have aged very poorly, and now scan like goofs more than the serious dramas they were intended to be.
13. Billy Bob Thornton, Sling Blade (1996)
Most actors reach for these roles after establishing themselves first, but not Billy Bob Thornton. The role that made him famous was Karl Childers, a “slow” Southern murderer who grunts and talks in a guttural voice. To his credit, Thornton—who also wrote and directed—never plays Childers for laughs, and the idea that his character is intellectually challenged isn't exactly central to the plot. On the downside, Sling Blade hasn't aged well at all. Still, as dated as it looks now, Thornton got what he was after—an Oscar nomination. That Grammy is still elusive, and will surely remain so. Would you ask Tom Petty about French-fried pertaters?!
Advertisement
14. Robin Williams, House Of D (2004)
Robin Williams doesn't really go “full retard” in David Duchovny's terrible directorial debut, House Of D—he lets his gigantic prosthetic teeth do most of the acting for him. Sure, he makes frowny faces and says inappropriate things (like “I shaved my ass once” and “I have a huge penis”), but only those teeth really differentiate this from any other Williams performance. Okay, that's a slight exaggeration, but like many intellectually challenged characters in movies, Williams only acts troubled when it's convenient to the plot. And by the end of the movie—when he's in both old-man makeup and those horrible teeth—he even gives a speech about the parlance of his affliction: “1984, some time in the spring, I went from retard to mentally handicapped. And then, in 1987-88, I went from handicapped to challenge. I changed again. I'm probably changing right now. Who knows what I'll be next?” You'll not be called to the awards show, Robin—critics hated this movie (the Boston Globe put it well: “Williams is absolutely sincere in the movie, and, thus, I can think of no better incentive to avoid it”) and it didn't even make half of its $2 million budget back in theaters.
15. Kevin Bacon, Digging To China (1998)
What happens when a spirited young girl (Evan Rachel Wood, in her big-screen debut) makes fast friends with a grown man with intellectual disabilities? Chances are good that her mother, Mary Stuart Masterson, won't like it one bit. But that won't stop the little girl from learning life lessons—or lessons about how to mug like a madman—from Kevin Bacon, in a role so awards-grabby you can practically see his hand clutching an invisible Oscar the whole time. Sample emotion-heavy dialogue: “You like me now, but you're gonna grow up! I'm not!”
16. Mel Gibson, Tim (1979)
If the gender roles were reversed in Mel Gibson's first big starring role—as the title character in 1979's Tim—it would play more like an episode of Australia's Most Wanted than like a movie of the week. Gibson's day laborer has a mild disability—one that makes him happy and eager and prone to wearing short-shorts (“I'm not the full quid—anyone'll tell you that!”). When Piper Laurie hires him to do some yard work, romance naturally blossoms. First she teaches him to read, then later teaches him the ways of amour, or whatever they say in Australia. Strangely, everybody in Gibson's family is pretty psyched for him to hook up with this prototypical cougar: Only she seems to be hesitant about getting together with him. Spoiler: They get married and have sex.
Advertisement
17. Kirstie Alley, Profoundly Normal (2003)
This made-for-TV movie does a couple of things right, which is unusual for the genre. It hits some complex emotional beats in the true story of a couple—Kirstie Alley and Delroy Lindo, both of whom have intellectual disabilities—and their struggle to get married and have a child, against the wishes of social workers. But while Lindo plays it pretty subtle, Alley goes way over the top, sounding stilted, practiced, and wrong. The movie also casts actors with real-life disabilities in supporting roles, which throws into sharp relief just how silly Alley sounds, including an affectation that makes it seem like she's pretending to be deaf.
It may surprise you, but “Game of Thrones” author George RR Martin is a huge NFL fan. He's an unabashed New York Giants backer, and roots for the Baltimore Ravens for their literary namesake, Edgar Allen Poe. But he's not a fan of the Dallas Cowboys, and he hates the Patriots, especially Bill Belichick, who he calls “Evil Little Bill.”
In a series of posts on his personal blog, Martin wrote some basic armchair analysis of the NFL playoffs. Before the Ravens-Patriots game, he said he was pulling for Baltimore.
Of couse, I will be rooting hard for the Ravens to defeat Evil Little Bill and his Patriots. Hey, they are named in honor of Edgar Allen Poe, a fellow writer…
Then, after the Patriots pulled off the 35-31 win thanks to their sneaky and deceptive trick plays, Martin was miffed.
For a few minutes at the start, and a few minutes in the middle, the Ravens were two touchdowns up on the Patriots, and it looked as though Evil Little Bill might go down as well. But New England and Tom Brady rallied, not once but twice… once, admittedly, aided by what the Ravens coach called a ‘substitution trick,' which wasn't illegal but probably should be. No one ever said Evil Little Bill wasn't clever. And in the end Joe Flacco threw a killer INT, and the Pats moved on. That made me mad and sad.
Coming from an author whose books feature characters for whom rape, incest and murder is as commonplace as a morning cup of coffee, calling Belichick evil is a pretty strong indictment.
As for Sunday's AFC Championship? Martin begrudgingly admits the Patriots and Evil Little Bill probably have it locked up.
What's doubly sad is that I don't think the Colts have a chance in hell of beating the Patriots next week at Foxboro, which means Brady and Belichick will be heading to another Superbowl, pfui.
Well Pfui to you too, George! Maybe you should cut out your high-school-level sports analysis and get back to working on the next book in the “Song of Ice and Fire” series so the HBO show doesn't have to start making stuff up because it took you 6 years to write a book.
[h/t Next Impulse Sports]
"Come on man, WHAT'S IN THE BOX?!"
Augmented Reality games are a neat thing, but there aren't a lot of them which have captured my interest beyond that. But I've finally found one that I'm really into in the Sony booth at Tokyo Game Show. Open Me is a game where the player is presented with a box, which must be opened. Think Hellraiser, but without all of the clean-up necessitated by a visit from alternate reality sadomasochistic demons.
The TGS demo featured puzzles meant for two players, though I was assured that there will be many solo boxes to open as well. After scanning a code block, a wooden box appears like the one above. The box is fully three-dimensional, and looks simple enough. On attempting to lift the lid, however, two metal bands flipped up from the sides and clamped it down, preventing me from creating more than a slight gap.
To keep those bands from popping up, I had to hold them down with my fingers while my partner opened the lid to reveal a coupon in the box. Tapping the coupon to retrieve it, the lid grew teeth and snapped back down, which gave me a bit of a start (and a laugh). The box's lid would need to be held by the other player in order to prevent it from causing injury. A hand with one bandaged finger appeared in the lower right corner of the Vita's display, which serves as a health meter (a second hand pops up once the first is fully injured, for a total of ten mistakes possible before total failure).
And that's a very simple example. The next box was metallic, with a button on its top. Pressing this button caused panels to open on two of the sides, one displaying a five-digit number and the other a nine button keypad and both with a meter indicating a limited amount of time to properly enter the sequence. There were five of the sequences to enter and, after each, the buttons for the keypad player would change their composition, introducing symbols as well as numbers.
Once several of these codes were entered, the box changed again, producing a laser beam which had to be reflected over to a sensor on the opposite end using the two Vitas. This was probably the most challenging to pull off, as it was kind of hard to tell where the laser was in relationship to your partner, and getting the angles right was tricky.
I love this idea so much. It's not a complicated game, but the possibilities for challenging and creative puzzle designs is vast. The multiplayer element is really cool, and it's fun to work on a puzzle cooperatively with another player, but I can't help thinking that the chances of my encountering another person with a Vita who wants to play Open Me! when I have one with me are kind of low. So, I'm highly interested, but I'd have to know a bit more about exactly how much single-player content will be available in the release before I would throw my money down. I'll definitely be keeping an eye out for more on this as something to snag when I finally invest in a Vita.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Deep value investing is a powerful way to beat the market, but deep value stocks are an endangered species in the U.S.
I was recently talking with Tobias Carlisle, author of Deep Value: Why Activist Investors and Other Contrarians Battle for Control of Losing Corporations, about what constitutes a deep value stock. To find these stocks, Tobias prefers to use the “takeover” multiple. One version of the takeover multiple is the ratio of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) to enterprise value (market value of equity plus book value of debt minus cash).
This is a great multiple for stock selection. Like the price-to-earnings ratio, it helps you find unloved companies, but it also penalizes stocks for having too much debt (more debt = worse ratio, ceteris paribus). If all you did was buy the 10% of stocks with the cheapest EBITDA/EV ratios on an annual basis, you'd have outperformed the market by more than 5% annually over the past five decades.
I asked Tobias what he considers a very cheap multiple EV/EBITDA multiple, and we agreed that somewhere below 5x indicates a cheap stock, while a multiple of less than 3x indicates very deep value. So here is the problem: today, we face what is perhaps the most difficult environment for deep value investing in history. Just 3.2% of non-financial, U.S. companies with a market cap of at least $200MM trade at an EV/EBITDA multiple below 5x. That is just off June's all-time low of 2.9%.
There are just 65 stocks today with deep value multiples. Most are small. While a few big energy stocks make the cut (COP, HES, MRO), the median market cap of these 65 stocks is just $1B. If we limit ourselves to EV/EBITDA multiples below 3x, then I see just 7 stocks available. The largest has a market cap less than $2B.
So what is a deep value investor to do? Two options are to go smaller (into the micro-cap market) and go international. I'll explore these options in a future post. Going smaller isn't feasible for big institutional asset managers, but is possible for the little guy. Going international is great, but hard to execute as a small individual investor.
As I've written before, this bull market has left us with a very homogenous market where valuations are clustered around the mean. The sad fact is that in 2014, it's hard out there for a deep value investor.
For much more on the topic, go read Tobias's book. You'll notice that the book is expensive, but trust me—it is worth every penny.
Imagine this nightmare scenario.
In the not-too-distant future, Congress passes a draconian, UK-style ban on all weapons. Or, maybe the Senate does it through an international treaty. Or, instead of Congress, maybe the president follows in the footsteps of FDR, who whipped up an executive order requiring people to turn in their gold.
The method wouldn't really matter. The end result would easily be one of the greatest attacks on liberty in American history.
STATES NULLIFY FEDERAL GUN BAN
Now imagine a response to such unconstitutional federal acts in this nightmare scenario. Your state legislator proposes a bill for your state that reads something like this:
A. This legislature declares that all federal acts, laws, orders, rules or regulations regarding firearms and ammunition are a violation of the 2nd Amendment B. This legislature declares that all such acts are hereby declared to be invalid in this state, shall not be recognized by this state, are specifically rejected by this state, and shall be considered null and void and of no effect in this state. C. It shall be the duty of the legislature of this State to adopt and enact any and all measures as may be necessary to prevent the enforcement of any federal acts, laws, orders, rules, or regulations in violation of the 2nd Amendment to the Constitution of the United States.
OBJECTIONS
In response, you'd certainly hear things like this:
–A state can't nullify a federal act!
–The Constitution says that all federal laws are supreme
–Even James Madison opposed nullification.
Each of these objections, and others, could easily take a full article – or two – to dismantle. So, I'll be brief before moving on the main goal here.
Article VI of the Constitution only says that federal laws are “supreme” when made “in pursuance of” the Constitution, not any old law as the lovers of power would like you to believe.
As far as the Supreme Court goes? Let me say this clearly, those nine justices aren't infallible gods. And they certainly aren't the final arbiter of what the Constitution means.
The bottom line is straightforward, and my main point, too – the Constitution means what the Founders and Ratifiers told us it means, no matter what the Congress, the President or the Supreme Court happens to say or do.
UNCONSTITUTIONAL
When FDR ordered you to turn in your gold, it was unconstitutional the moment he signed it.
When Bill Clinton signed the Assault Weapons Ban, that was unconstitutional as well.
George Bush violated the Constitution the moment he signed the PATRIOT Act and expanded federal control over health care with Medicare Part D.
Barack Obama violated the Constitution with an undeclared war on Libya, the Affordable Care Act, NDAA “indefinite detention,” and more.
The sad fact is this, every congress and every president has violated the Constitution. As the years go by, those violations get worse and more frequent.
WHAT TO DO?
Back to our nightmare scenario. Your state legislator gets massive support for the bill nullifying federal gun laws. It passes by a wide margin and is signed into law. It creates a ripple effect. Soon, another state follows, passing a similar law. And then another. In no time, the number reaches as high as 14.
In those states, gun shops stay open, people continue to keep and bear arms. A vast majority of them do so without any trouble.
Federal officials make threats. The DOJ issues a warning: states “cannot nullify an act of congress.” DHS threatens to shut down air travel in states that refuse to comply. The President says he could designate gun shop and firearms owners as agents providing material support for terrorism and subject them to indefinite detention under the NDAA.
Mostly just tough talk.
Sadly, the ATF conducts some high-profile raids. They shut down a small number of businesses; some people lose their liberty. But the feds lack the manpower to handle it all.
So, when one city alone reaches a point where over 1000 shops are conducting business, selling guns in open defiance to the federal ban, people start to realize that mass resistance leads to the desired end result: a nullification of the unconstitutional federal act.
HAPPENING TODAY
While that particular nightmare scenario isn't just happening yet, we've certainly been in a nightmare scenario in this country for a long, long time.
We have a federal government that hates the constitution. It hates your liberty and no matter what political party is in power, or what person occupies the White House, their power always grows and your liberty is always less.
We have a government that claims the power to tell you what size toilet you can have, and what kind of light bulb you can buy. It claims the power to throw you in jail for growing a plant in your backyard and it will tax you for – doing nothing. On top of it all, they claim the power to arrest and detain you – forever – without due process. That's kidnapping.
But, that hypothetical response – legislation to ban and nullify federal gun laws – it's not hypothetical at all. Currently, there are more than 15 states considering legislation to nullify federal attacks on the right to keep and bear arms.
Take this excerpt from Missouri's HB436, for example:
All federal acts, laws, orders, rules, and regulations, whether past, present, or future, which infringe on the people's right to keep and bear arms as guaranteed by the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 23 of the Missouri Constitution shall be invalid in this state, shall not be recognized by this state, are specifically rejected by this state, and shall be considered null and void and of no effect in this state.
Or this, from Utah's HB114:
An official, agent, or employee of the federal government may not enforce or attempt to enforce any act, law, order, rule, or regulation of the federal government upon a personal firearm, a firearm accessory, or ammunition owned or manufactured commercially or privately in this state while it remains exclusively within this state. Violation of this Subsection (2) is a third degree felony.
Or, on another issue, there's HB2161 in Kansas, which would charge federal agents who attempt “indefinite detention” with kidnapping. This could mean 20 years in prison and $300,000 fines.
NAMES, NAMES!
In 1798, Thomas Jefferson called this “Nullification,” and James Madison called it “Interposition.”
Madison supported these views in his “Report of 1800.” Later, he flip-flopped. For a while, he was even saying that Jefferson never used the word nullification. But, when a copy of the original Kentucky Resolutions in Jefferson's own handwriting turned up, complete with the word “nullification,”Madison was forced to retreat.
And, even when Madison changed his mind on nullification in response to South Carolina's version of it in the 1830s, he didn't reject the notion of nullification as our story's heroic state legislator has carried it out.
In fact, Madison advised it.
He told us that when attempts to stop “usurpations of power” failed through the courts, the elective process, and even amending the Constitution, it would be a natural right for a single state to “rally to its reserved rights…and to decide between acquiescence & resistance.”
Today, people are using these principles right now on a wide range of issues, and their successes are growing by the year.
CALL IT WHAT YOU WILL
The fact is this: the federal government doesn't have the manpower to stop us. When enough people stand up and say NO to the federal government – and enough states and local communities pass laws backing them up, there's not much that the federal government can do to force their unconstitutional laws, regulations…or mandates…down our throats.
Me? I call that kind of resistance “nullification.” But, I don't care if you do too. You can call it defiance, civil disobedience or anything else you want. You can call the state acts Personal Liberty Laws or 2nd Amendment Preservation Acts. Refer to them as a reserved right, like Madison did, or nullification like Jefferson did.
It doesn't really matter what words you use. What matters is what you do. Like Sam Adams leading the charge to nullify the Stamp Act, or states who pushed back against unconstitutional slave-catching laws, what matters most is what we do with our short time on earth.
For me, I'll stand with liberty. I hope you'll join me.
Cave life is known to favor the evolution of a variety of traits, including blindness and loss of eyes, loss of pigmentation, and changes in metabolism and feeding behavior. Now researchers have added sleeplessness to that list.
Cave fish sleep significantly less than their surface counterparts, a finding by New York University biologists that reveals the genes involved in sleep patterns and disorders. Their study, which appears in the journal Current Biology, may shed light on how genetic makeup contributes to sleep variation and disruption in humans.
The study's authors were Erik Duboué, an NYU graduate student, Alex Keene, an NYU post-doctoral fellow, and Richard Borowsky, a professor in NYU's Department of Biology.
They examined surface fish in the species Astyanax mexicanus and three cave fish populations, Pachón, Tinaja and Molino, all of which inhabit northeast Mexico. While surface and cave fish have different physical appearances and behaviors -- or phenotypes -- brought about by evolutionary change, the researchers sought to determine whether the sleep patterns of cave fish also changed as they adapted to cave life.
To do so, they examined sleep patterns of both the surface and cave fish using two methods. In one, they determined that fish inactive for 60 seconds or more were sleeping. This conclusion was confirmed by tapping on the tank -- fish inactive for this length of time were slow to respond to the tapping, a behavior consistent with being awoken from sleep. In the second, the researchers deprived the fish sleep as a way of inducing subsequent sleep behavior. When animals are deprived the chance to sleep, there is a rebound effect, so at the next opportunity, they sleep for longer than normal periods to make up for the deprivation. The researchers tested this rebound effect by disturbing the sleep of fish all night by moving their containers once a minute. When observed the next day, they slept significantly increased amounts of time.
Using these methods, the researchers found that, over a 24-hour period, surface fish slept an average of over 800 minutes while cavefish slept an average of between 110 to 250 minutes.
The researchers then sought to determine if genetics played a role in the varying sleep behaviors. To do this, they bred cave and surface fish and examined the sleep patterns of these hybrids. Their results showed that these hybrid fish nearly matched the sleep patterns of the cave fish, rather than those of the surface fish, demonstrating that cave fish carry a dominant gene for less sleep.
"In some ways, the sleep phenotypes of cave fish are similar to those of humans with sleep disorders," explained Borowsky. "They go to sleep, but only for relatively short periods, then they awaken and remain awake for relatively long periods."
"The next job is to identify the genes which are responsible for sleep modification in the cave fish. They would be good candidates for the genes responsible for insomnia and other sleep disorders in humans," he added.
The study was funded by grant from the National Science Foundation.
February 2, 2015
Letterspace – Swipe. Edit. Note. (Free) by Sittipon Simasanti is a beautifully crafted note-taking app that is a pleasure to use. There is also a companion Mac app so your notes can be accessed on your desktop. If you're still in search of a quick note app that is right for you, then Letterspace is worth a look. It is similar to other apps out there like Fetchnotes and Simplenote. I love writing — that's why I love my job here at AppAdvice. Over the years, I've gone through dozens of writing apps for iOS, and several on Mac, but I've settled on some essentials that are part of my daily workflow. On iOS, my writing app of choice is Editorial, with Drafts 4 for the quick jot notes. On my MacBook Pro, I like to use Byword for writing articles. However, even though these are my preferred tools, they're not especially suited for basic note-taking, except for Drafts. While I have settled on my essential workflow, I can't help but check out new writing apps that hit the market, and so I was intrigued with what Letterspace had to offer, since it was talked about a bit over the weekend.
Letterspace features a minimal yet elegant look and feel to it, so the app is fairly pleasing to the eyes. The default color scheme is a white background with light blue text and accent buttons, which works well. There are other color themes available, though they are all sold individually through in-app purchases, with some being more expensive than others for reasons unknown. The default typeface is my favorite, Avenir, but there are other eight other fonts to choose from. Personally, I found the default font size to be fine, but you can also tweak it to be smaller or larger. Your notes will be neatly organized in the list view, complete with line previews, and everything can be further organized with hashtags (#) and mentions (@). It's easy to get around in Letterspace too, since the app feels natural with swiping gestures. Overall, the design of Letterspace is top-notch. On the first launch of Letterspace, users will go through a quick tutorial that shows the basics of the app. While this is nice, I felt that it is not that necessary given how straightforward everything is. Letterspace uses iCloud for syncing all of your notes between devices, so as long as you are logged in to your account on both iOS and Mac, then your notes will always be available. When you want to create a new note in Letterspace, just tap on the plus button. The standard iOS status bar chrome will disappear, and you'll be left with a full screen writing experience. While there are no keyboard extensions in this app, Letterspace does have full support for live Markdown syntax previews, so you can make GitHub-like to-do lists and tag notes with inline #hashtags and @mentions. Whatever tags and mentions you create will be accessible from the side panel navigation menu, which is accessible by swiping right from the left screen edge. One of the best things about Letterspace is the blue cursor bar that sits above the keyboard. On the iPhone, this is just the cursor bar, but the iPad version has a full blown keyboard extension with quick Markdown shortcuts. Just swipe left or right on the bar and the cursor moves quickly in that direction.
This is one of those things that you will fall in love with once you try it out, and you'll wonder why this isn't more common with writing apps. Fixing typos has never been easier! A double tap on the bar will select the current word that the cursor is on, and you can adjust the text selection as needed. A swipe down on the cursor bar will hide the keyboard, allowing you to go back to the note list and the side panel menu. If, at any time, you feel like changing how the app looks, just hide the keyboard on your note and tap on the “Aa” button. This brings up font selection and size, as well as the themes that you can switch to, though all of the others are locked behind IAP. There is a share option too, which uses the native iOS Share Sheet to share or open the document in another app. I've only been using Letterspace for a short time, but it is pretty fast and simple. I did notice that changes I make on one device won't show up until a few moments later on other devices, but I think this is due to how iCloud syncing works. If you no longer need a note anymore, you can swipe on it and send it to the Archive. Letterspace has full text search as well, so you can just type in a few keywords and find what you're looking for. Letterspace is an uncomplicated app for taking quick notes, and while I love the design of it, I'm not sure if it will have a place in my daily go-to workflow. I use Drafts as my quick scratchpad and send the text off to whatever apps are necessary at the time, and lately I've been using Notefile to get snippets of text from my Mac to iOS (and vice versa). However, Letterspace is a fantastic free alternative for those who don't use the other apps I've mentioned, so I recommend checking it out if you need a basic note app with iCloud syncing. You can find Letterspace on the App Store as a universal download for free with in-app purchases for more color themes. The Mac version is also free and can be found on the Mac App Store.
Mentioned apps
Free Letterspace – Swipe. Edit. Note. Sittipon Simasanti
Free Fetchnotes - Shared Notes, Reminders & To-Do List Fetchnotes
Free Simplenote Codality
$9.99 Drafts 4 - Quickly Capture Notes, Share Anywhere! Agile Tortoise
$4.99 Notefile Junecloud LLC
In February, 2010, James Caviezel made his sixth pilgrimage to Medjugorje, and afterwards travelled to Vienna where he gave an interview to Christian Stelzer for the magazine Oase des Friedens. The following is taken from the Croatian translation, published in the latest edition of the Medjugorje parish magazine, Glasnik mira.
• Jim, can you tell us, how did you hear about Medjugorje?
My wife came to Medjugorje while I was in Ireland, shooting the movie “Monte Cristo.” Things were not that great, although I worked seven days a week. One day she called me, and I could notice in her voice that there was a change. She started talking about Medjugorje, and how one of visionaries was about to come to Ireland. I interrupted her by saying: “Listen, I really have some serious stuff to do. I am not able now to go into anything with any of the visionaries.” Besides that, I thought that, as a Catholic, I didn't have to necessarily accept Lourdes or Fatima or Medjugorje. That is how I thought. I remember that in the Catholic school I attended earlier in my life, when we heard about Medjugorje we were thrilled, but we soon found out that the local bishop was objecting and considered the apparitions to be false, and so we lost our interest immediately.
The visionary Ivan Dragicevic came to Ireland, and I knew straightaway that I would not have time for him, since I had to work all the time. One day my movie partner Jim Harris wasn't feeling well, so I got the day off, and I was able to attend an apparition. I stood at the very back of the packed church, and I wasn't quite sure about what was going on. But when the man next to me in his wheelchair fell down on his knees at the time of the apparition, I was deeply moved. I thought, This handicapped man, despite all of his pains, is kneeling down on the cold stone floor, and he is praying! Today I realize only God could have known me so well. He knew where exactly He needed to touch me to get my attention!
Although it might sound strange, on the following Sunday, I got another day off, and I was able to meet with Ivan, which was my wife's special wish. During the time of apparition, I knelt close to him, and I said in my heart, “Okay, here I am. I am ready. Do with me what you want.” In the same moment, I felt as something was fulfilling me. It was very simple, and yet unique. When I got up, tears were running down my cheeks, and I started to cry with all of my heart.
Ivan told me, “Jim. Man always finds time for what he loves. If somebody who doesn't have any time finds a girlfriend and falls in love with her, he will always find time for her. People don't have time for God, because they do not love Him.” And he continued, “God is inviting you to pray with the heart.”
I asked him: “How am I supposed to do that?”
“By starting to pray,” he replied. In that moment the doors of my heart were opened. I couldn't have even dreamed of that being possible. We went to a restaurant, and I must admit that the wine and food I had was never as tasteful as on that particular night.
Something started to change within me. My wife wanted to teach me on many occasions in the past how to pray the rosary, but I always refused to learn. Now I wanted to pray, but I did not know exactly how to do that. I just felt that my heart was opened. One morning, as I was driving to work, I said to the driver who was taking me for filming every day, “I don't know how you feel about this, but I would want to start to pray the rosary.” To my amazement, he just replied, “Okay, let's pray.”
In the warm light of love that I felt within me, I was able to realize where I really was, how many temptations I had, what my feelings were, how weak I was, and how strictly I judged other people.
• When did you come to Medjugorje for the first time?
After filming was completed, and that was in Malta, I decided to come to Medjugorje. When I was 20, an inner voice would say to me that I should become an actor. When I spoke about that with my father, he used to say, “If God wants something of you it is for you to become a priest. Why would He want you to become an actor?” I did not understand either at that time.
Again, I asked myself the same question, Does God want me to become an actor to make lots of money and to become rich? I was aware of the imbalance in the world between those who have a lot and those who barely have enough for survival, and I knew that was not what God wanted. And was I to make a choice to seek wealth, which does not provide permanent happiness, or to serve God, Who wants to guide my life?
At that time, Medjugorje reminded me of Bethlehem, and I thought, Just as Jesus was born in a small place, in the same way, the Mother of God is appearing in a poor village in between hills. Those four days I spent in Medjugorje, at that time, were my turning point. In the very beginning, I was still amazed at how much people prayed in Medjugorje. Everything reminded me of basketball camp. There you do not play just one match a day, but continually. The same as in school, where you do not read just once a day, but always, repeatedly. In those first days in Medjugorje, I felt inner unrest while I was praying, because I was not used to praying that much, and I was asking God to help me. After four days the only thing I wanted to do was to pray. Whenever I prayed, I felt connected with God. That was an experience I would wish for every Catholic! Maybe as a child, I felt something similar, and I forgot about it. Now it was given to me again.
The same experience continued back at home. In our family, we live the sacraments together. As we drive the kids to school, we pray the rosary together. Sometimes when I don't start to pray, my son starts first.
When I came to Medjugorje for the second time, I expected to have those first, initial experiences again, but it was different. After lunch one day, some pilgrims invited me to go with them to visit Fr. Jozo Zovko in Siroki Brijeg. That was also my wife's desire. I didn't know Fr. Jozo personally, but I was very much impressed by all stories I heard about him. I met with him. He laid his hands on my shoulders. I laid mine on his shoulders. He laid his hands on my head. I laid mine on his head. In that moment, I felt the words within me: “I love you, my brother. This man loves God.” Fr. Jozo spontaneously turned towards his interpreter and asked her who I was and said that he wanted to talk to me. That was beginning of a lasting friendship.
That was the time immediately after we finished shooting the “Passion,” and around that time, I was able to experience all conflicting forces within me regarding that movie.
• Can you tell us why you felt that way, and what was the connection between that movie and Medjugorje?
You are probably familiar with expression “to cross the Rubicon.” That means it is not possible to go back. You reach the point of no return. The “Passion” was such a Rubicon for me. When shooting started, I was 33 years old, just like Jesus. I always wondered if I was even worthy to play Jesus. Ivan Dragicevic encouraged me and said that God does not always necessarily choose the best, which is something he sees in his own situation. If it wasn't for Medjugorje, I wouldn't have ever agreed to take that part, because it was in Medjugorje that my heart opened to prayer and to the sacraments. If I wanted to play Jesus, I knew I needed to be very close to Him. Every day I went to Confession, and I attended Eucharistic Adoration. Mel Gibson was coming to Holy Mass, as well, with the condition that Holy Mass was in Latin. That was good because in that way I learned Latin.
There were always new temptations from which I needed to defend myself, and in those inner battles, I used to feel great inner peace – for instance, in the scene where the Mother of God approaches me, and I say to her: “Look, I make everything anew.” We repeated that scene four times, and I felt every time that I was standing too much in the forefront. Then somebody hit the cross, and my left shoulder was dislocated. Due to that sudden and sharp, intense pain, I lost balance, and I fell under the weight of the cross. I hit the dusty ground with my face, and blood gushed forth suddenly from my nose and mouth. I repeated the words Jesus said to His mother: “Look, I make everything anew.” My shoulder was in incredible pain when I took the cross again and felt how precious it was. At that point, I stopped acting, and you could only see Jesus. He came forward as to the answer to my prayer: “I want people to see you, Jesus, not me!”
Thanks to continuous prayer of the rosary – I can't begin to tell how many rosaries I said during the time of shooting – I was able to experience a special grace. I knew I wasn't supposed to use bad language. I knew I couldn't be rude if I wanted to say something to members of the crew. Most of them did not know about Medjugorje. They were all great actors, and we were lucky to get them. But how was I to bring Medjugorje to them, if not by my own life? Medjugorje, for me, means to live the sacraments and be in unity with the Church. Thanks to Medjugorje, I started to believe that Jesus was really present in the Eucharist and that He forgives my sins. Through Medjugorje, I experienced how the rosary is a powerful prayer and what a gift we have when we attend Holy Mass every day.
How could I help other people to increase their faith in Jesus? I realized that this can only happen if Jesus is present in me through the Eucharist, and so people would see Jesus through my life. When we were shooting the scene of the Last Supper, I had an inner pocket made in my clothes where I placed some relics of saints and a relic of Christ's Cross. I had a strong desire for Jesus to be really present, and so I asked the priest to expose the Blessed Sacrament. At first, he did not want to do that, but I was persistent in asking, because I was positive that people would recognize Christ more, if I myself was looking at Him. The priest was standing with the Blessed Sacrament in his hands next to a cameraman, and together with him, he approached me. When people watch the movie and see a shimmer in my eyes, they are not aware that they really see Jesus, a reflection of the consecrated Host, in my eyes. The same was in the scene of the Crucifixion. The priest was there; he held the Blessed Sacrament in his hands, and I prayed all the time.
The biggest challenge in the movie was not, as I originally thought, to memorize all the texts in Latin, Aramaic, or Hebrew, but all the physical efforts I needed to overcome. During the last scene, my shoulder was sprained, and it became dislocated every time somebody hit the cross. While we filmed the scenes of the scourging, I was twice caught by those whips, and I had a 14 cm wound on my back. My lungs were full of fluid, and I had pneumonia. Chronic sleep deprivation should be added to that, since for months, I had to get up at 3:00 in the morning, because make-up would take almost eight hours.
Another special challenge was the cold weather, temperatures hardly above zero, which was especially difficult to endure in the Crucifixion scene. My whole costume was made of one single piece of light fabric. While we were shooting the last scene, the clouds were very low and lightning struck the cross to which I was tied. Suddenly everything was silent around me, and I felt my hair standing on edge. About 250 people who were around me saw my whole body being illuminated, and they all saw fire on the left and on the right side of me. Many were shocked at what they saw.
I know that the “Passion” is movie of love, maybe one of the greatest of such movies. Jesus today is subject of many controversies, more than ever before. There are so many factors that threaten this created world, but faith in Jesus is the source of joy. I think God is calling us in a special way in this time, and we need to answer that call with our whole heart and whole body.
Read more stories of conversion involving Medjugorje in the book: Full of Grace: Miraculous Stories of Healing and Conversion through Mary's Intercession.
From Afghanistan to Somalia, the struggle to eradicate polio continues to lurch along in fits and starts. The past few days have brought a modicum of good news and some potentially quite bad news.
On May 13, the Taliban issued a statement declaring that it would no longer target polio vaccine workers and is ordering its fighters to help in vaccination campaigns. The group had previously marked vaccine workers for death because of fears that they might be acting as spies for Western countries—fears that were further inflamed by a successful US effort to assassinate Osama bin Laden that included a sham hepatitis vaccine campaign by the CIA.
Just two days earlier, however, the World Health Organization reported that “wild-type” poliovirus was isolated in Somalia from a 32-month-old girl who suddenly became paralyzed, as well as from three other individuals with whom she was in contact. Genetic testing has since indicated that the virus in question is linked to polioviruses circulating in northern Nigeria, according to Nature's newsblog. The setback marks the first new case of naturally occurring polio in Somalia since March 2007. Emergency vaccination initiatives—and fund-raising to pay for them—are now underway.
As the accompanying map shows, this development is a concern not just for Somalia, but for a broad swath of Africa, where low vaccination rates leave children particularly vulnerable to infection with polio, most likely from Nigeria (particularly northern Nigeria), where the virus is still endemic. In our increasingly interconnected world, an uncontrolled outbreak in these countries could fuel polio's return around the globe--which would be particularly tragic considering that there had been only 26 cases of polio (before the Somalia news) reported worldwide so far in 2013, compared with 53 at this point last year.
Egyptian Court Dismisses Breach Of Trust Lawsuit Against ElBaradei
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nasser Nasser/AP Nasser Nasser/AP
A lawsuit against Egypt's former interim vice president has been dismissed, as a misdemeanor court says there weren't sufficient grounds for a suit against Mohammed ElBaradei to proceed. He had been accused of betraying the national trust.
The lawsuit was filed by a law professor who opposed the rule of President Mohammed Morsi, according to Gulf News. ElBaradei had been a co-leader of the secular National Salvation Front, which supported Morsi's ouster this summer.
From Cairo, NPR's Merrit Kennedy filed this report for our Newscast unit:
"The case against ElBaradei was filed following his resignation in mid-August. The Nobel laureate was appointed interim vice president in early July, following the military's ouster of former President Mohammed Morsi. "He resigned on the same day as the massive security crackdown that killed hundreds of the former president's supporters because, he said, there were other options besides the assault. He has been outside of Egypt since his resignation. "ElBaradei's departure was a major blow to the military-installed government as he was seen as a key moderate voice in favor of Morsi's overthrow."
In 2011, ElBaradei, the former head of the U.N. nuclear agency, welcomed the overthrow of Egypt's former ruler, Hosni Mubarak.
"It's the greatest day of my life," he told NPR's Robert Siegel. "I couldn't have imagined that I would live long enough to see Egypt emancipated from decades of repression."
Image copyright US Coast Guard Image caption The US Coast Guard issued photographs of Cheeki Rafiki's upturned hull showing its keel had broken off
The wreckage of the yacht crewed by four UK sailors missing in the North Atlantic was found with its life raft still onboard, the US Coast Guard says.
The upturned hull of the 40ft Cheeki Rafiki was found on Friday but there was no sign of the crew.
The yacht began taking on water on its way to the UK after an Antigua regatta.
The US search ended at midnight local time and the RAF will no longer go out. The yacht's owners said it was a "terrible moment" for their families.
A US Navy helicopter crew discovered the wreckage about 1,000 miles (1,600km) east of Massachusetts on Friday after the search for the missing men resumed three days earlier following an official request from the UK government.
Image copyright Other Image caption James Male, Andrew Bridge, Steve Warren and Paul Goslin (l-r) were all experienced yachtsmen
The crew got into difficulties in the same area on 15 May.
They were Paul Goslin, 56, from West Camel, Somerset; Steve Warren, 52, from Bridgwater, Somerset; skipper Andrew Bridge, 22, from Farnham, Surrey; and 22-year-old James Male, from Romsey, Hampshire.
Mr Warren's uncle, Albert Davey, told the BBC: "Prior to setting off on this return trip... the Cheeki Rafiki had won its class in the Antigua Yachting Regatta.
"It's not the ending we would want but we have got to gain some small consolation that Steve was doing what he thoroughly enjoyed doing and I think we have got to cling on to that."
Prime Minister David Cameron said: "My thoughts are with the families and friends of the crew of the Cheeki Rafiki after the sad news that its hull has been found with the life-raft unused.
"My sincere thanks to the US Coast Guard for leading the international search with great dedication - and to the US Navy, the Canadian authorities and to our own RAF C-130 aircraft who took part in it."
Many private boats taking part in the ARC Rally across the Atlantic had diverted to help in the search. The event's organiser, the World Cruising Club, is now asking the 120 sailors from 16 nations taking part - as well as other sailors - to observe a minute's silence at sunset.
The Royal Yachting Association said the search efforts of sailors and merchant ships "has been a powerful reflection of the spirit that binds the boating community".
Southampton-based Stormforce Coaching, the owners of the Cheeki Rafiki, said in a statement: "This is a terrible moment for the families and friends of the crew... We all share in their sorrow after this tragedy.
"We would like to thank all those who have participated in the search efforts."
'Cabin flooded'
A US Navy boat crew was deployed after the helicopter sighting and found the cabin of the yacht was flooded and its windows shattered.
A surface swimmer then identified the name on the back of the boat and knocked on the hull but there was no response.
A spokesman said: "The US Coast Guard has confirmed the life raft aboard the capsized sailing vessel Cheeki Rafiki was secured in its storage space in the aft portion of the boat, Friday, indicating it was not used for emergency purposes."
There was no sign of the men and there are no further indications as to their whereabouts.
The yacht's keel was broken, which had caused a breach in the hull, a US Coast Guard spokesman added.
An image showing the life raft still in position had been "shared with and acknowledged by the [men's] families", the Coast Guard said.
The US Coast Guard added it did not perform salvage operations as a matter of policy.
Image copyright US Coast Guard
Image copyright US Coast Guard
Mr Warren's family said in a statement: "We are very sad that the US has now suspended the search.
"From the beginning we, together with the other families involved, have continued to hold out hope that he would be found alive."
They paid tribute to the US Coast Guard for leading an "exceptional search".
They added: "This is now an incredibly difficult time for all the family. We would therefore request that we are given privacy to come to terms with today's decision."
Jeremy Wyatt from the World Cruising Club sailing organisation said the chain of events was still "all speculation".
But he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the yacht would have become unstable after the keel came off and it would have capsized "very quickly" and the crew might not have had time to launch the lifeboat.
The Cheeki Rafiki contacted Stormforce Coaching on 15 May to say it was taking on water and diverting to the Azores. Contact was lost in the early hours of 16 May and locator beacons were activated later that day.
The US Coast Guard said at the start of the search that winds were blowing at more than 50mph and the sea reached heights of up to 15ft. On 18 May an overturned hull that matched the description of the Cheeki Rafiki was spotted by a container ship.
The RAF Hercules C-130 plane operating from the Azores had been due to continue its search on Saturday.
The Foreign Office said: "In light of the US Coast Guard's decision to suspend their search for the crew following photographic confirmation that the life raft is in the hull of the boat, the C-130 will now return to the UK."
The Nigerian writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has said that she did not realize she was black until she came to America. That is a pretty dramatic way of telling the truth. When I came to Oxford, Mississippi from Nigeria in the early 80's to attend the University of Mississippi (OLEMISS), I knew I was black—but my notion of blackness was very different from what it meant to be black in America, certainly in OLEMISS. Come to think of it, I had no idea what I was doing when I accepted a place at OLEMISS in 1982. I came to a place that seemed hostile to black folks, and by the time I realized what I had done, I was too broke to leave the place. I was miserable.
I was not the only one miserable. I found out that OLEMISS was smack in the middle of America's anxieties about race. I read about a man, James Meredith, whose crime apparently was that he was black and therefore ineligible to be in a classroom with whites—real human beings—or so said the Mississippi authorities, just 20 years before I entered the school. The federal government disagreed, and military guards escorted Meredith into OLEMISS over the objections and dead bodies of racists. For a long time I kept thinking, I should never have come here. I kept remembering their admissions catalog in our library in Nigeria, and that catchy phrase: “OLEMISS! Come get the spirit!” I got the spirit alright—of racism and the restlessness of change.
I had just come from a homogenous society; we were all black, we just didn't obsess about it.
In the spring of 1982, John Hawkins had just been made the first black cheerleader at OLEMISS. In the summer, just as I was getting there, the young man announced that he would not be carrying the Confederate flag during games. That heresy caused an uproar of immense proportions. I thought I had come to a very unstable place waiting to blow up in a conflagration of riots. I did not understand what the big deal was, and why this young man would not carry the flag. I lived across from the football stadium and suddenly we began to see the Confederate flag everywhere during football games. As a young man, it was a dawning—I began to understand the waving of the flag as a fiery and picturesque act of defiance, of privilege and entitlement. I began to appreciate the power of visual images, of words, in shaping harmony and discord. Hawkins stayed on the cheerleading squad but he did not carry the flag. We were all miserable.
I had just come from a homogenous society; we were all black, we just didn't obsess about it. There were other prejudices. Ethnic cleansing was a deadly weapon of choice in times of communal anxiety, and as a member of a minority ethnic group I had suffered the occasional indignity of an ethnic slur hurled at me, a constant othering when I was in the wrong neighborhood. But OLEMISS was different. Before coming to America I had read quite a bit about the civil rights struggle, and developed a huge crush on the warrior Angela Davis. But nothing prepared me for America—nothing. As a little boy in Nigeria, I had seen a little bit of my country's civil war, I had endured five years of Catholic boarding school in the hands of Irish priests, both were equally terrifying. But America was something totally different. I remember my first car, a rickety 1976 Ford Maverick with a good chunk of the floor rusted off that I bought for the princely sum of $200. I remembered it primarily because this one day I was coming from a date at about 2:00 am when on Fraternity Row I saw members of the Ku Klux Klan in their white robes gamboling on the lawn of a fraternity house, holding aloft the confederate flag. My car's engine shuddered and I almost wet my pants at the thought that this jalopy of mine would break down in front of the house. It did not.
I remember that the beer was weak. I missed the beer of my old country. I missed being a human being in my old country.
In my graduate class at OLEMISS, a group of perhaps 20 or 25, I was the only black student; in a perverse way, that had its perks. The white kids seemed to take pleasure in treating me like some sort of mascot. I am not sure if it was because I was an international student with a certain accent and weird stories, or simply that I was black, or some combination of the two. They took me everywhere and I met even more white kids, and every now and then in a pub, a drunken kid would start some off-color racist joke. We would move on to the next pub. There was never a shortage of jerks willing to cross the racial line with slurs and insults. I remember that the beer was weak. I missed the beer of my old country. I missed being a human being in my old country. It was easier to be black back there.
Once, in an introductory management course I was taking, the white lecturer actually sidled up to me and said he was worried about my chances of academic success; according to him each time he saw me he was reminded of a disabled person in a wheelchair who needed a specialized ramp. That horrid statement has stayed with me all those years. Words are powerful. Until he told me that, I'd always felt sorry for him. His lectures were long rambling affairs, he didn't seem very bright, and I always marveled at America for giving everybody a fair shot at anything.
***
When my drop-dead gorgeous daughter came home from school one day and told me that a white boy in her class had been making monkey noises at her, I died a thousand deaths.
At OLEMISS there was racism and there was prejudice. Black-on-black prejudice. The African American students and African students did not get along with each other; there was mutual suspicion and contempt. The truth was that we were different people; we spoke in different accents, and had different social, cultural and economic backgrounds, and I used to half-joke that the relationship was not helped by the fact that African students loved country western music (Jim Reeves, Dolly Parton, Don Williams, etc). Even though we were often victims of discrimination, our status as international students sometimes helped reduce the sting. Ignored in the Black Student Union, we created our own African Students Union. We also tended to be wealthier than the African American students; we got money regularly from home and our conspicuous consumption habits can't have been endearing. We had a home in the International House, which we repaired to often—whenever we were stressed. There was staff to take care of most of our needs, including getting short-term loans if we needed them. The staff at the International House, all of them white as I remember them now, fussed over us, checked on us quite regularly and gently discouraged us from going to certain parts of town, they were dangerous. We were told to stay away from CB Webb Housing Complex, or “the projects,” as they called these sprawling acres of low-income housing. They were too dangerous—there was nothing but trouble there.
My first real girlfriend was from CB Webb. A thousand soldiers could not have kept me away from her; I stayed in her townhouse most days along with her two daughters from two different men. She was pretty, church-going and ambitious. CB Webb was an enchanting place. I made friends at CB Webb with strange men who would take my car for days and return it with gas in the tank and all things broken in her fixed. We lived in a semi-dry county, which meant that no alcohol was sold on Sundays. At night on Sundays we would go to the bootlegger's joint and buy dime bags and cans of beer, the bootlegger's gun always visible to encourage us to behave. The day the welfare checks came was always something; there was a festive air and people seemed to celebrate life for a few days, and then there was the waiting. I did not understand these people who looked like me but did little I could relate to, except for their kindness and generosity. I am still here; they did not kill me. Class and race have always occupied an uneasy, colorful junction.
***
Many people of color will tell you privately that they avoid stores in certain neighborhoods. Those neighborhoods are not white. This is not all about self-loathing: life is just too short to be miserable.
The legacy of racism has produced dysfunctions that go beyond white-on-black prejudice. Many times it just seems to me that as people of color, we have programmed ourselves to think the worst of each other. The shabbiest treatments I have ever gotten in businesses and institutions have been in the hands of people of color. My wife once sent me to a retail store to return goods she no longer needed – complete with receipt. I went there with my daughters and still dressed in my suit and tie. The manager of the retail store, an African American, accused me of trying to return goods I had previously shoplifted. By the time she found she'd made a horrible mistake, it was too late; many patrons had witnessed her berating me as a shoplifter. In the end, I told her that I hope from now on, whenever she sees a black man in a suit, she will remember that day when she encountered a brother and she saw a loser. Many people of color will tell you privately that they avoid stores in certain neighborhoods. Those neighborhoods are not white. This is not all about self-loathing: life is just too short to be miserable.
The new racism is insidious. Like carbon monoxide it has no smell but it is even deadlier than conventional racism because the victim doesn't see it coming. You learn to feel it and absorb the blows. I look in the eyes of many white folks and their eyes don't lie. Their eyes say, here comes a dumb nigger. When my drop-dead gorgeous daughter came home from school one day, laughing as she always does when she is stressed, she told me that a white boy in her class had been making monkey noises at her, I died a thousand deaths. There is no reason for this. Our God is a narcissist, a drama queen.
After three decades of living in America, I find that racism lives rent-free in my head. I am always having these conversations with myself—about race and racism. I am wary of authorities and confrontations—indeed, of most interactions. And, like many African American men, I can narrate plenty of anecdotes in which I have endured indignities at the hands of police. And of course each person of color could write a thesis on racism in the workplace, it is deeply felt and personal.
It's now commonplace in American workplaces to have discussions about race and equity—these are too often one-dimensional, a lot of psychobabble about white and black relationships. Here is the thing though—many of those complaining would not be where we are without the mentoring and support of many white people. In my case, I have often thought it a supreme irony that those white folks who befriended and mentored me when it was not fashionable to do so, are often seated in the room looking sheepish as I join my fellow black victims narrating the ills of racism and their injurious effects on us. It is complicated. Things are not as black and white as they used to be. It is useful to have conversations about race in the workplace, but we need a different mindset, one that doesn't presume—wittingly or unwittingly—that white folks are atop this pedestal, avuncular and always patronizing and racist. Many times racism and prejudice travel both directions.
It bears repeating: Most conversations about racism I have witnessed tend to proceed with the white person at the head of the table, listening with rapt attention and real or feigned empathy as the brown person goes on and on about racism, white privilege, entitlements. My theory is that it is a comfortable place to be, sitting on this avuncular throne, dispensing favors and muttering apologies.
If I harbor pleasant memories about OLEMISS (I do actually) it is because I was befriended by a white couple who eventually took me in, folks I call my parents to this day. I don't remember overt conversations about race; they wanted to talk about a lot of things, mostly banal: books, children, their postage stamp collection, train sets and computers. I often wondered about their political affiliation but I never prodded, I was too happy enjoying the generosity and compassion of this nurturing couple. One day in 2008, during the presidential campaign, I was visiting them in the South where they still live and John McCain came on television. My “dad,” in his late seventies at the time, listened intently and muttered to himself, “I guess I'll be voting for the young man,” got up and went to the bathroom. Maybe Obama reminded him of me, his son. Life is complicated like that.
I am in my middle passage now; the America that I met in 1982 is no longer the same. America is at war now more than ever and brown people and their nations are at the receiving end of that war. We are the butt of America's anxieties. One takes it in stride. I was coming from San Diego to Washington DC the day after the Boston bombings, the airport on high alert. As I made my way to the boarding gate, along with my white companion, a young warrior in battle fatigues and her dog approached me. The dog reared up and sniffed me aggressively. Me, an aging man in his mid-passage, America sees me and sees a warrior. After all these years, I've still got it. Satisfied that I was not a threat, they let me go. Flattered, I swaggered off, proud warrior.
Earlier today, Spain reported its first trade surplus since 1971, with exports of €20.3 billion finally surpassing imports of €19.7 billion and ending over four decades of constant trade deficits. Congratulations. That was the good news. The bad news is how this number came about. Because while the country will mark a GDP benefit as a result of the net trade number, the reality is that it was not due to a jump in exports, which rose by a lethargic €400MM Y/Y - hardly the stuff to write home about as can be seen on the chart below.
It is the second chart, however, that tells the true story of Spain's economy: that of imports, which in a stable or growing economy would be, well, stable or growing. Instead, Spanish imports collapsed by €3.5 billion Y/Y: the biggest such downside annual drop since the start of the depression in 2008.
Which begs the question: is the Spanish economy, after modestly growing in 2010 and 2010, set for the same spectacular collapse last seen in the days just following the start of the Great Financial Crisis? And what does this mean for the biggest risk factor for a nation whose banking sector has already been bailed out once, and where NPLs are slowly, or not so slowly, but certainly surely soaring behind the scenes?
The mood over Sarah Palin is changing. Her political naysayers used to delight in her floundering her way through interviews (okay, that one interview with Charlie Gibson). They enjoyed pointing out her lack of credentials. But her interview with Katie Couric over the past two nights has elicited a different response — like cringing. No longer is there joy in Palin's struggles. Watching her has become like watching one of those hopeless singers trying out for American Idol: First you laugh. Then you laugh some more. Maybe after that you laugh a little bit more. And as the talentless contestant soldiers on, despite the judges' derision, it hits you that this person, despite their best efforts, doesn't even realize that they don't have what it takes. And that makes you kind of sad.
• Alessandra Stanley writes that “in some ways it was the worst” interview Palin has done. The exchange on Russia was “startling,” her answer “surprisingly wobbly.” While it's “perhaps understandable” that Palin “felt nervous,” it still “wasn't a reassuring performance.” [NYT]
• Howard Kurtz says Palin “struggled at times and appeared less comfortable than” in her interview with Charlie Gibson. [WP]
• James Rainey calls Palin “rambling, marginally responsive and even more adrift than during her network debut with ABC's Charles Gibson.” On the bailout, Palin meandered “off in fruitless pursuit of coherence”; on Russia, she didn't have an answer even though “anyone south of the Arctic Circle would have seen [the] question coming.” [LAT]
• Steve Benen tries to watch the interview from “the perspective of an earnest Republican observer, who cares about the country, and who takes policy issues seriously.” The conclusion is that, regardless of how Palin got here, “reasonable people should agree that the Republican vice presidential nominee is way out of her depth, and has no business seeking national office.” [Political Animal/Washington Monthly]
• Earnest Republican observer Ross Douthat can't link to video of the interview because it's “too painful,” but seems to admit he was wrong in his earlier advocacy for Palin. Of course, it's always possible that it's all “just effing brilliant rope-a-dope for the Biden debate.” [Atlantic]
• Another earnest Republican observer, Kathleen Parker, thinks that Palin has been revealed as someone “Who Is Clearly Out Of Her League.” Because Palin is a woman, “we are reluctant to say what is painfully true.” But it is true: “If BS were currency, Palin could bail out Wall Street herself.” [Corner/National Review]
• Michael Crowley says the “real story” may be “percolating fear at McCain HQ that Palin's stock may be headed the way of Lehman Brothers.” Why else did McCain do an interview with CBS on the same day as Palin unless to overshadow her? [Stump/New Republic]
• Andrew Romano notes that Palin has “certainly benefited from the fact that the bailout brouhaha prevented a pair of less-than-flattering exchanges with Couric from making the sort of impact they would have made had Mr. McCain not, in fact, gone to Washington.” [Stumper/Newsweek]
• Chuck Todd and friends concur that without “McCain's debate gambit, Palin's near-disastrous two-part interview with Katie Couric would be dominating the political discussion right now.” The only upside is that Palin “has moved her debate expectations to an all-time low.” [First Read/MSNBC]
• Kevin Drum claims “you can't watch this clip from Sarah Palin's interview with Katie Couric without wondering if she's completely cracked under the pressure of running for vice president.” It's gotten to the point where Drum doesn't “even feel right making snarky jokes about this stuff anymore.” [Mother Jones]
• That's not an issue for Karen Tumulty, who wonders if the Russian invasion scenario described by Palin is cribbed from Red Dawn. [Swampland/Time]
• Marc Ambinder notes that in “another tough interview,” Palin answered “a question about how she would spread democracy by agreeing that, indeed, one should spread democracy.” [Atlantic]
• Alex Koppelman and Mark Schone write that the interview “was memorable for how badly Palin performed.” As her voice shook, Palin “was once again Miss South Carolina Teen USA.” [War Room/Salon]
• Greg Sargent writes that “it's pretty close to impossible to work out exactly what” Palin was saying in her answer on U.S.-Israeli relations. [Election Central/TPM]
• Rod Dreher is “well and truly embarrassed” for Palin. She's “a good woman who might well be a great governor of Alaska,” but this was a “train wreck.” [Crunchy Con/Beliefnet]
• Christopher Beam brings together some “professional media trainers” to offer suggestions for how Palin can improve her interviews, such as giving more details, not repeating yourself ten times, and avoiding a dependency on catchphrases. [Slate]
Related: Sarah Palin's CBS Interview Tonight Will Make You Really Uncomfortable
For a complete and regularly updated guide to presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain — from First Love to Most Embarrassing Gaffe — read the 2008 Electopedia.
Highland Road to close Monday for 'Underground' filming
BATON ROUGE - Filming for a new television series will close Highland Road between Dalrymple Drive Monday.
Highland Road will be closed between 5 a.m. and 7 p.m. Monday near the LSU parade grounds. The Baton Rouge Department of Public Works advises drivers to take an alternate route from Dalrymple to Tower Drive to Raphael Semmes.
Sony Picture's 'Underground' follows a group of slaves who plan an escape from a Georgia plantation, according to Film Baton Rouge. The slaves are aided by a secret abolitionist couple who runs a station along the Underground Railroad. Filming locations for Underground include Vacherie, Baton Rouge, and St. Francisville.
'Underground' will star Jurnee Smollett-Bell, Christopher Meloni and Aldis Hodge according to Project Casting. Kanye West agreed to executive producer for the series.
“It makes sense to me that it's an act of terror,” former NYC mayor Rudy Giuliani said about yesterday's attack in San Bernardino, CA. “If you can't come to the conclusion at this point that this is an act of terror, you should find something else to do for a living than being in law enforcement. I mean, you're a moron.”
“This is an act of terror without any question,” said Giuliani. “Two assault weapons, two handguns, bobbytrapped home, body armor, a home that looks like they were preparing for war or some kind of battle. So, it's an act of terror.”
He continued, “The real question is what's the motivation? Is this part of, is ISIL, the Islamic State's plot? Is it part of some other plot? Is it homegrown jihadism or is it just insanity? Those are the issues that are out there”
State health officials have warned the operators of a natural gas plant in western Colorado they could face penalties for a spill that has contaminated Parachute Creek with cancer-causing benzene.
The spill from a 4-inch pipeline at the Williams energy plant released 10,122 gallons of natural gas liquids into soil along the creek, according to a Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment document.
A CDPHE compliance advisory, dated April 30, formally notifies Williams, property owner WPX Energy and pipeline operator Bargath LLC that the spill constitutes disposal of hazardous waste without a permit.
Benzene levels in the creek have increased to 4.8 parts per billion at the sampling point closest to the spill, dissipating to 1.8 and 1.4 ppb downstream, Williams said Wednesday. The federal safe drinking water limit is 5 ppb.
But the limit for benzene in Parachute Creek, which flows into the Colorado River, has been set by the state Water Quality Control Commission at 5,300 ppb — because the creek isn't designated as a water source for people.
Benzene has reached super-concentrated levels in groundwater along the creek.
Williams crews are aerating the creek and injecting air into soil to try to remove benzene from groundwater. A state air pollution permit is required for this “air sparging” because the process emits vapors.
Williams crews also are pumping hydrocarbons from trenches along the creek to try to stop seepage of benzene into the creek. Diesel-range organic chemical, too, have been detected in the creek.
The Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission on March 20 issued notices of alleged violation to Williams and WPX.
The advisory asks Williams to meet with state officials to discuss problems, schedule cleanup activities and show that laws were not broken. If state officials decide they need to order cleanup and remediation, CDPHE spokesman Mark Salley said in an e-mailed update, they can issue “compliance orders on consent” or a “unilateral compliance order.”
Williams spokesman Keith Isbell said the warning “was fully expected.”
“It does not change the cleanup work that Williams has been doing,” he said. “Our next step is to formally present our current work plan to CDPHE and get their official approval as the new lead regulator.”
Bruce Finley: 303-954-1700, twitter.com/finleybruce or bfinley@denverpost.com
DUB City
According to the Oakland, CA police, carjackings in Raider Nation occur at the rate of about one per day. While we don't follow the news out of Oaktown on a regular basis, we're fairly certain most carjackings don't make the daily paper. So why then has the LA Times covered a carjacking in Oakland? Well, it seems that the victim was a state senator who police believe was targeted because of his car's flashy rims.Don Perata (D -Oakland) was driving his Senate-owned 2006 Dodge Charger shod with 22-inch chrome wheels and a Candy Apple Red paint job when he was startled by a man knocking on his window... with a gun. The jacker instructed him to get out of the car, so out went the pol, in went the perp, and "poof" went the blinged Charger as it sped off with an accomplice giving chase in a 2000 Camaro (also stolen, wheel status unknown). Perata was shaken up but otherwise fine, recovering enough to go into eye-rollingly opportunistic politician mode, noting that the brandishing of a firearm by the carjacker served to only further solidify his pro gun control stance.The best line in the article comes in a quote from a police officer who, after hearing the Charger's description, responded, "We're talking about the suspect's car or the senator's car?" Even at 62, Senator Perata appears to have been keeping it real, so to speak.The car's been found with the rims still on it.Thanks for the tip, Dave![Source: Los Angeles Times]
The purpose of the present study was to investigate the effect of maximal strength training on cycling economy (CE) at 70% of maximal oxygen consumption (Vo2max), work efficiency in cycling at 70% Vo2max, and time to exhaustion at maximal aerobic power. Responses in 1 repetition maximum (1RM) and rate of force development (RFD) in half-squats, Vo2max, CE, work efficiency, and time to exhaustion at maximal aerobic power were examined. Sixteen competitive road cyclists (12 men and 4 women) were randomly assigned into either an intervention or a control group. Thirteen (10 men and 3 women) cyclists completed the study. The intervention group (7 men and 1 woman) performed half-squats, 4 sets of 4 repetitions maximum, 3 times per week for 8 weeks, as a supplement to their normal endurance training. The control group continued their normal endurance training during the same period. The intervention manifested significant (p < 0.05) improvements in 1RM (14.2%), RFD (16.7%), CE (4.8%), work efficiency (4.7%), and time to exhaustion at pre-intervention maximal aerobic power (17.2%). No changes were found in Vo2max or body weight. The control group exhibited an improvement in work efficiency (1.4%), but this improvement was significantly (p < 0.05) smaller than that in the intervention group. No changes from pre- to postvalues in any of the other parameters were apparent in the control group. In conclusion, maximal strength training for 8 weeks improved CE and efficiency and increased time to exhaustion at maximal aerobic power among competitive road cyclists, without change in maximal oxygen uptake, cadence, or body weight. Based on the results from the present study, we advise cyclists to include maximal strength training in their training programs.
Critics and audiences have mostly ignored this Brad Pitt Netflix movie, but the Pentagon is obsessed with it.
You would think a $60 million Brad Pitt star vehicle wouldn't have a problem stirring up buzz in the summer movie season, and yet Netflix's “War Machine” has been completely DOA. The War in Afghanistan satire from director David Michôd (“Animal Kingdom,” “The Rover”) debuted on the streaming platform May 26, but from the looks of it absolutely nobody is paying attention. While hardly panned, “War Machine” received forgettable critical notices. It boasts a 58% on Rotten Tomatoes, with IndieWire's Eric Kohn giving the movie a B- review, and has hardly become a talking point among anyone, really.
READ MORE: ‘War Machine' Review: Brad Pitt Stars In a Shrewd Blend of Wartime Drama and Workplace Satire
Except the Pentagon that is. Netflix already has a huge hit among D.C. workers thanks to “House of Cards,” and it appears the Pentagon is about the only place “War Machine” is making a serious impact. While speaking with The New York Times podcast The Daily, Pentagon reporter Helene Cooper made it very clear that “everybody at the Pentagon is talking about [the movie].” The way Michôd balances the honorable military with the buffoonery of our involvement in the war speaks directly to both sides of the debate, and it's tapping a nerve in D.C.
“It's a very anti-Afghanistan war movie, but the guys who you think would be offended by it, love it,” Cooper says. “It's amazing to me. So many of them have lost colleagues, they've lost fellow soldiers and are constantly asking, ‘What are we still doing there? What are we fighting for?' But at the same time, we have these officers who say, ‘We've lost all these people in Afghanistan, we've spent so much blood and treasure on the ground in that country and then you just turn around and pull out. What was that for?' It's a contradiction at the same time.”
That contradiction happens to be the driving force of “War Machine,” which makes it a no-brainer that Pentagon workers are becoming fans. The lack of buzz surrounding “War Machine” has supported claims that sometimes Netflix's streaming release strategy works against their movies. Because a film like “War Machine” doesn't have a proper theatrical release, it looses the awareness that traditional releases receive. But we should never doubt Netflix, as they clearly know the markets that will tap into their content. “War Machine” may not be breaking out the way “House of Cards” has over its seasons, but it's taking advantage of the demographic that Netflix was most likely hoping for.
We'll never know just how many people are streaming “War Machine,” but clearly it's finding an audience even if buzz outside of D.C. is completely non-existent. The movie is now streaming on Netflix.
Stay on top of the latest film and TV news! Sign up for our film and TV email newsletter here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
World Rugby has reiterated the funding and revenue distribution model that underpins the global development of the game
OFFICIAL WORLD RUGBY RELEASE
Objective
World Rugby's objective is to increase the competitiveness and sustainability of the global game
Between 2009-16 World Rugby will have invested £350 million in game development, high performance, competitions and player welfare strategies across 120 national unions
Over the same period of time, global participation has increased from 3.3 million to 7.2 million participants worldwide
The financial driving force behind this funding model is the global commercial success of Rugby World Cup, which generates approximately 90 per cent of the revenues utilised by World Rugby for reinvestment in rugby worldwide from the playground to the elite game
RWC 2015 and the four-year RWC cycle ending in December 2015
In this cycle World Rugby will have invested directly and indirectly approximately:
£85m in tier one high performance unions or £8.5m each
£50m or £5m each in tier two performance unions
£28m in the remaining member unions and regional associations
The tier two figure includes a new specific allocation of £5m directly focused on the costs of preparation for RWC 2015.
In addition to the above investments, every participating union in RWC 2015 receives a participation fee of £150,000 [a further £75,000 if they reach the quarter-finals and a further £100,000 if they reach the semi-finals].
In percentage terms, this amounts to investments of approximately 52 per cent in tier one and 48 per cent in tier two/other unions.
This represents a significant redistribution of wealth as more than 85 per cent of the revenues for RWC 2015 are sourced from the high performance markets. The investments in the next tier of performance unions and elsewhere are starting to yield enhanced returns on and off the pitch in a number of those markets.
RWCL
New anti-black and anti-Chinese posters found plastered onto several newspaper boxes in Birch Cliff Village on Tuesday morning, "disgust" residents.
Daphne Hunt discovered the "racist" stickers written with a black sharpie pen at the corner of Kingston Road and Warden Avenue.
"This is so very sad and disgusting to see in our neighbourhood," she said in a Facebook post.
Residents reported the incident to the city and notified Coun. Gary Crawford.
Crawford wasn't available to comment, but his administrative assistant William Burtch told CP24 "he was appalled that something like this would be written and displayed in his ward."
Burtch also said he was particularly unsettled by the posters because of his personal connection to the people it targeted.
"I was enraged myself that something like that would be broadcasted in Scarborough especially with Scarborough being very multicultural," he explained.
The publication boxes were notified on Wednesday, said Beth Waldman, a spokesperson for the City of Toronto.
She says the messages will be taken down before Friday.
Police said they have yet to determine if the posters will be investigated as a hate crime.
Police have seen a sharp rise in the number of acid attacks in London, official figures show.
The data, released by the Metropolitan Police, showed the number of reported attacks in London rose from 261 in 2015 to 454 in 2016, a rise of 74 per cent.
The figures also revealed that more than 1,800 attacks involving corrosive fluid have been reported since 2010.
Acid is believed to be a popular weapon for gangs as it is easy to obtain and it can be difficult to identify the attacker.
The data, seen by the BBC, revealed that almost a third of these attacks were carried out in Newham and that victims are twice as likely to be male than female.
"Corrosive fluids" have been used in murders, robberies and rapes but more than 70 per cent of cases never reach trial due to difficulty identifying suspects or victims being unwilling to pursue charges.
Dr Simon Harding, gang expert at Middlesex University, believes gangs are switching from carrying knives to acid, because it is "not prohibitive to carry bleach" and "it's difficult to prove any illegal motive”.
He added: "A knife attack is attempted murder, but if you're caught in an acid attack it would be GBH.”
by BRIAN NADIG
A plan to build a coffee shop with a drive-through facility at 5553-57 W. Irving Park Road has been resurrected by a new developer for the project.
Plans call for the construction of the coffee shop, a one-story retail building and 41 parking spaces on the 35,535-square-foot parcel, which is at the southeast corner of the intersection of Irving Park and Central Avenue. The site has been used for vehicle storage in recent years.
Alderman Nicholas Sposato (38th) said that he supports rezoning the site from its current residential designation to B3-1, which allows a variety of retail uses, in part because a residential development on such a busy commercial corner is not appropriate. Sposato held a community meeting on the proposal on Nov. 10.
The parcel has been underutilized for about 10 years, generating insufficient tax revenue for the city, Sposato said. “It's time for the chain-link fence to come down,” he said.
Sposato said that he needs more time to evaluate the effect of a drive-through facility, which requires the Zoning Board of Appeals to issue a special use permit. The board acts independently of the City Council.
The Portage Park Neighborhood Association has opposed a drive-through for the site because of concern that it would increase traffic at a busy intersection and encourage drivers to make risky maneuvers to get into the parking lot. A bus stop on Irving Park is in front of the site.
Sposato said that he hopes that developer Sumac Inc. will proceed with a retail development on the site whether or not the zoning board approves the special use.
Project officials have not revealed the name of the national coffee chain that it is interested in the site, but Starbucks Coffee reportedly was the tenant that the previous developer was pursuing for the parcel in June.
Some residents have opposed the project because of concern that a Starbucks would hurt business at two locally owned coffeehouses, Portage Grounds, 5501 W. Irving Park Road, and Perkolator, 6032 W. Irving Park Road.
Sposato said that it is doubtful that any type of business on the site would be unique to the area. “I can't tell (the developer) what business can and cannot come there,” he said. “Name any business. Let's say pizza goes there. I've got pizza a block away, then 3 blocks.”
Also at the Nov. 10 meeting, it was announced that plans for a 30-unit residential development at 4111 N. Narragansett Ave. have been revised due to the existence of power lines in the middle of the 36,000-square-foot parcel. The developer, Noah Properties, plans to construct two three-story buildings, each with 15 apartments.
The rent for the apartments is projected to be about $2,200 a month, Sposato said. The site was rezoned for the project, which once called for three eight-unit buildings and five townhouses, last year.
In addition, a three-story, 15-unit apartment building has been proposed for the former Chicagoland Canoe Base site, 4015 N. Narragansett Ave. The rent for the apartments is projected to be about $1,775 a month.
At one time a Dunkin' Donuts had been planned for the site, but the zoning board denied a special use permit for the planned drive-through facility.
Who remembers the phone pictured above? It's the LG G Flex 2, the second and last phone in LG's experimental Flex range, which offered an interesting ergonomic curved display design and a self-healing back. Although the average consumer is now probably quite familiar with Samsung's edge AMOLED display, LG was ahead of the curve with the Flex series, which made its debut in 2013 around the same time as Samsung's now little-remembered Galaxy Round.
The technology enabling the Flex's unique look is called Plastic OLED (POLED), and as the name implies, the flexible nature of the panels comes from the use of a plastic rather than glass substrate. One of the benefits being that plastic is thinner and more flexible than glass, allowing for a wider range of form factors. Unfortunately since the G Flex 2 in 2014, very few devices have made use of this interesting panel technology. Its malleable properties have seen it put to use in a few smartwatches since, but that's about it.
Within the next two years, LG Display says that will have the capacity to produce 120 million 6-inch POLED smartphone displays per year.
However, plastic OLED looks set to make a major comeback, as LG Display is investing heavily in additional production capabilities that will come online in the next two years. According to LG Display's latest earnings report, the company states that it is expanding POLED production capacity by 30,000 input sheets per month, giving the company a total capacity of 65,000 using its 6th generation lines in Paju and Gumi.
The company's Gen 4.5 line in Paju is currently producing 22,000 sheets per month, which will be followed by the start of its Gen 6 (1,500 mm x 1,850 mm) Gumi plant sometime in Q3 2017 for a further 15,000 per month. The Gen 6 line in Paju is then expected to come online in H2 2018, adding a further 15,000 per month. LG Display calculates that this will be enough capacity to churn out 120 million 6-inch smartphone displays per year, enough to cater for a very popular handset range.
When we spoke to LG Display during a media tour in Paju, the company stressed that its technology has been ready for quite some time, and is as good as competing products on the market already. However, sales have been held back by a lack of client demand and production capabilities. With LG Display expecting the market to demand some 120 million POLED units in 2017 and 370 million by 2020, the company is investing KRW 5 trillion into its 6th generation line in Paju, which follows KRW 7.8 trillion of other recent investments into OLED.
With that in mind, LG Display's roadmap could cater for a OLED V30 launch in Q3, but perhaps a G7 launch next year would give the company more time to build up stock for a major global release. Rumors that LG OLED panels are being bought up for the iPhone 8 and possibly Google's Pixel 2 would complicate LG's own smartphone plans though. LG Display won't be running at full capacity until late 2018 and so is unlikely to fill orders for three separate flagship launch windows so soon, even if Apple buys most of its panels elsewhere.
The V30, iPhone 8, and Pixel 2 are all rumored to feature OLED, but LG Display's production capabilities are only just ramping up. Will there be enough panels?
While LG Display obviously backs its latest mobile panel technology, and LG's OLED is proving very impressive in the TV space, the company's early flexible mobile displays didn't quite attract the same praise.
One of the criticisms leveled at the G Flex series was its low display resolution at the time. LG's plastic OLED panels sported 720p and then 1080p resolutions at a time when other flagship phones were moving on to 1080p and then QHD respectively. This made the phones a hard sell, even though the displays themselves looked pretty good (notwithstanding the original G Flex's ghosting issues).
During our tour at Paju, we came across some plastic OLED smartphone and smartwatch prototype displays in the showroom. These models showed off a design that was much closer to Samsung's edge display technology than the G Flex curve. More importantly though, these panels were boasting 1080p and QHD display resolutions, meaning that LG now appears to be able to manufacture higher resolution POLED panels without issue. This is certainly good news for the flagship market and suggests that Samsung may soon have some serious OLED competition on its hands.
Plastic OLED does have its own benefits over the glass variant that we're more familiar with too. Perhaps the biggest is durability. The slightly flexible nature of the display offers some additional shock absorbance over glass, which means a slightly smaller chance of cracking your panel if you happen to drop your phone and a longer lifetime from stress fractures. Plastic OLED is also up to half as thin as glass OLED. This enables manufactures to build slightly thinner devices, and we all know how much of a premium is placed on freeing up space in today's smartphones.
As we mentioned, the flexible substrate makes plastic OLED suitable for a wide range of other form factors too. Wearables have already made good use of the technology, but the automotive industry will likely turn out to be a much bigger and important market, with use cases ranging from dashboards to infotainment systems. We saw a few examples of these form factors in Paju too, so vehicular applications are clearly already on LG's radar.
POLED (and OLED in general) is the future of display tech
When it comes to production capabilities, Samsung still has a major head start over LG Display, as far as OLED is concerned, but that's going to narrow over the next year or so. This doesn't necessarily mean that LG Display is going to be selling all of its POLED panels to LG Electronics for smartphones though. We may see any number of third party manufacturers opt to pick up panels from LG Display, with Apple and Google both being tipped as major buyers and investors already.
Most importantly for us consumers, either way it means that we're likely to see more OLED panels inside smartphones, along with all the benefits that this technology brings in terms of a wider color gamut, superior contrast, and HDR playback capabilities. Not to mention all the sleek and interesting form factors that manufacturers can flex POLED panels into.
Plastic OLED looks set to come back in a big way over the next 12 to 18 months, and could well end up inside your next smartphone.
WikiLeaks has returned with its largest ever release of formerly confidential information. The "Kissinger Cables" include over 1.7 million diplomatic records from 1973 to 1976, of which 205,901 are connected to controversial US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger. In total, the release is around 700 million words long, and contains what WikiLeaks describes as "significant revelations about US involvements with fascist dictatorships, particularly in Latin America, under Franco's Spain (including about the Spanish royal family) and in Greece under the regime of the Colonels." However, rather than receiving leaked information from a source, for this release WikiLeaks has created a searchable database of public records.
"The US administration cannot be trusted to maintain the history of its interactions with the world."
WikiLeaks says that although the files should have been reviewed for declassification after 25 years, the government has repeatedly attempted to reclassify them; furthermore, there are no diplomatic records from later than 1976 available. In order to make the earlier documents accessible, WikiLeaks obtained all the files from the National Archives and Record Administration (NARA) and collated them into a single, searchable database.
The Kissinger Cables form the largest part of WikiLeaks' Public Library of US Diplomacy (PlusD), which also launches today and stores a total of two million records for perusal. While the release won't be as explosive as previous leaks on still-classified events such as the Iraq war, WikiLeaks' aim is to make government documents easier to access for the public. "The US administration cannot be trusted to maintain the history of its interactions with the world," said founder Julian Assange. "Fortunately, an organisation with an unbroken record in resisting censorship attempts now has a copy."
The estates of Bernie Madoff's sons have agreed to fork over $23 million in ill-gotten gains from years of benefiting their dad's Ponzi scheme, according to a joint announcement Tuesday by the court-appointed Madoff trustee and the Justice Department.
Mark Madoff, his widow Stephanie Mack, and Andrew Madoff have agreed to cough up the money as part of a deal hashed out with Irving Picard, the trustee responsible for recouping money for investors. Half the money will also go to the Madoff Victim Fund, which is run by the DOJ and has recovered $9 billion for victims.
The deal leaves Mark Madoff's estate with $1.75 million and Andrew Madoff's estate with $2 million, bankruptcy court documents show.
A Manhattan federal bankruptcy judge is scheduled to approve the deal at a hearing on July 26.
Both Madoff brothers died within a few years of their dad, who is serving a 150-year sentence in federal prison near Butner, N.C., coming clean as the world's biggest Ponzi schemer in December 2008.
Don't miss: Madoff's closest prison chum? Colombo crime-family boss Carmine Persico Jr.
Plus: Madoff has cornered the market on Swiss Miss hot chocolate at his prison in North Carolina
His scheme, which is now estimated to have swindled close to $20 billion, lured the rich and famous, including owners of the New York Mets and actors Kevin Bacon and Kyra Sedgwick.
Mark, who began working for his dad's securities firm in 1986, hanged himself on the second anniversary of his father's arrest. Andrew, who started working at Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities in 1988, died of cancer in 2014.
Picard's fund has recovered more than $11.5 billion and distributed more than $9 billion to Madoff's victims, including money from Madoff's brother Peter, his wife Ruth and his niece Shana, who was the company's compliance director.
Picard sued the brothers, who have always claimed they were kept in the dark about their dad's scheme, in 2009, most recently claiming they owed investors a massive $153 million.
This report previously appeared at NYPost.com.
From the archives: Madoff cost my wife's job and her entire 401(k)
Last month's Automate 2015, which organizers bill as the largest showcase of automation technologies in North America, signaled a change in the wind for light manufacturing.
Alongside the beefier industrial robots, a handful of well-packaged, low-cost collaborative bots for small- and medium-sized businesses had industry-watchers abuzz. Much of the chatter has focused on the obvious: flexible automation technology is now available at a modest price point. That was bound to happen sooner or later, but the real significance, and the reason big shifts are in the offing for light manufacturing worldwide, is that the new devices are coming along at precisely the right moment in the economic recovery to make them primed for quick adoption.
To understand why, consider Los Angeles, where I live. Drill presses and metal foundries may not leap to mind when a passing hipster croons "That's so L.A.," but manufacturing is a way of life in a city that accounts for 523,100 manufacturing jobs, more than any other metro area in the country. Much of L.A.'s industrial base comprises small- and medium-size businesses, which makes it an important bellwether for the health of the nation's light manufacturing sector. So how's the industrial renaissance going?
Cue the hipster: It's, like, complicated.
In search of anecdotal insights about the state of light manufacturing, I reached out to James Tschortner, CEO of Goldbrecht USA, a manufacturer of door and window solutions in the L.A. area. "The main issue is the lack of educated manpower in the market," he says. "When we have interviews, we have people coming in, and we're extremely surprised by what they don't know."
It's understandably vexing to weed through unqualified applicants. But pull the lens back a bit and the lack of qualified manpower should come as no surprise. The twin birds of economic prey, off-shoring and automation, went after low-skilled manufacturing jobs first. Middle- and high-skilled jobs were more resilient until the recession took a big bite; all told, we lost about 6 million manufacturing jobs in the U.S. between 1990 and 2012, according to a report prepared last year by the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corporation.
Over the same period, however, national manufacturing output grew by 46.7 percent. In other words, productivity skyrocketed. In durable goods, labor productivity rose 142 percent between 1990 and 2011, a clear signal that manufacturers have been investing in technology over labor.
Special Feaure The Industry Cloud: Why It's Next Coud computing has engulfed lots of IT, but one of the untapped regions of the tech and business world is the industry cloud, focusing on vertical industries and more specialized applications. Read More
That's been Tschortner's approach. With targeted investments in technology, his company has been able to keep pace with demand, despite not being able to find qualified workers. But now that construction is once again booming -- translation: lots of orders for doors and windows -- he needs to ramp up operations quickly. In years past, that would be a good thing for prospective employees. Automation has its limits, after all, especially when it comes to smaller manufacturers like Goldbrecht USA.
Which brings us back to the Automate show. Tschortner's experience is not unique. Nationwide, executives at small- and medium-sized manufacturing companies are facing booming demand and wondering where they should invest resources. The new breed of small, smart industrial robots are designed to integrate into existing operations seamlessly to augment human labor. They've been branded "collaborative" technology and are designed to be used in concert with an existing workforce. It doesn't take much of an imagination to wonder who would have been occupying the workbench where any one of these bots gets installed.
Here are three new automation solutions that are inexpensive, flexible in application, and intuitive to work with. They're marketed as collaborative machines. Here's a more accurate sales pitch: Meet the new face of light manufacturing.
Sawyer from Rethink Robotics
Overview: Sawyer, which comes with a familiar digital face, has seven degrees of freedom, weighs 42 pounds, and plugs into a standard outlet. High res force sensors on each joint and two cameras give it a high degree of precision for delicate work.
Applications: Machine tending, circuit board testing, material handling
Price: $29,000
UR3 from Universal Robots
Overview: The UR3 is a six-axis articulated arm. Each wrist joint has 360 degrees of rotation, while the end joint has infinite rotation and can set screws to appropriate torque.
Applications: Pick-and-place, soldering, screwing, gluing, painting
Price: $23,000
Yumi from ABB
Overview: A two-armed robot designed with adaptable hands, flexible parts feeders, force control sensing, and vision guidance.
Applications: Small parts assembly, especially in consumer electronics.
PRICE: TBA sometime in April
The mother lode of rich dividends has made Telstra a retail investor darling. Even some institutions belatedly realised what a bargain the telco giant had become once it was rid of its previous management. The non-believers though forever questioned the sustainability of those dividends.
Telstra under CEO David Thodey maintains it's the company's superior mobile offering and the explosion of data that will keep the money rolling in, along with realising that it is supposed to have customers rather than prisoners. Now the new federal government might be about to provide another very valuable answer to the dividend growth question.
In the box seat: Telstra CEO David Thodey. Credit:Luis Enrique Ascui
There's no end of speculation brewing about exactly what will happen to the NBN with the election out of the way and Malcolm Turnbull taking charge – and the speculation isn't about fibre to the node or your nose or your house or tractor or whatever. I'll leave that debate to the tech heads. The more immediate question is what is going to happen to NBN Co – the rather strange beast that's meant to be rolling out all the optical fibre.
The coalition has formed the opinion that NBN Co is a much worse performer than Steve Bracks and costs vastly more – but it is chaired by Lachlan Murdoch's right-hand woman, Siobhan McKenna, and therefore has to be treated a little more carefully than Bracks. It would be less than gracious to be disrespectful of all things Murdoch after the past three years.
Jake Gyllenhaal didn't fare very well with the big screen adaptation of Ubisoft's video game Prince of Persia, but that's not stopping him from teaming with the video game company for another movie based on one of their recently popular titles. Tom Clancy's The Division is getting turned into a movie, and Gyllenhaal is attached to lead the film.
Find out more about The Division movie after the jump.
Tom Clancy's The Division is already Ubisoft's fastest-selling title, so it's a no-brainer that they want to turn it into a movie. The game follows a team from the Strategic Homeland Division who is tasked with helping rebuild their operations in Manhattan during a smallpox pandemic that has left New York City in shambles and its citizens more desperate than ever. The team must combat all the dangerous criminals left in NYC while investigating the nature of the outbreak.
It's easy to see how this could be turned into a movie, though it does have shades of World War Z, just without the zombie swarms and international travel. At the very least, this video game has a pretty straightforward story, so it should be easy to adapt. It also doesn't have any elements that will be difficult to adapt into a narrative film, something that many video game movies have trouble overcoming.
Variety reports Gyllenhaal is also on board to produce the adaptation, but as of now there's no writer or director attached to the project. This marks a change of pace for the actor who decided to move away from blockbusters for awhile. The most high profile projects Gyllenhaal has taken on since Prince of Persia have been Source Code and Southpaw. The actor has opted for mostly lower key dramas such as Prisoners, Demolition and Nightcrawler, all of which saw him turning in outstanding performances.
It's good to see that Gyllenhaal isn't beyond giving a bigger film like this another crack, especially after how disappointing Prince of Persia turned out to be. He must see that a good movie can be made from this game if he's willing to work with Ubisoft again.
As of now, Ubisoft still has to find a studio home for the movie, but before they do that they might get another actor in addition to Jake Gyllenhaal on board. The fact that the game has already sold $330 million worth of product in just five days should help with studio interest. Plus, Hollywood has already shown interest in other Tom Clancy titles such as Splinter Cell, which is set up at Paramount Pictures with Tom Hardy in the lead.
Do you think Tom Clancy's The Division will make a good movie?
Turn on the television in any swing state these days and you're likely to see Mitt Romney smiling wistfully and saying this:
“Republicans and Democrats both love America. But we need to have leadership — leadership in Washington that will actually bring people together and get the job done.”
In the background, there's a parade of carefully chosen faces—a young woman, a Hispanic father, a union worker wearing a hard-hat—all demographics he is losing by large margins, shown to create the illusion of a broad coalition.
The ad is called “Bringing America Together”–perhaps unintentionally echoing a Nixon campaign theme from 1968–and it is the core of Team Romney's closing argument.
This is soothing and smart politics aimed squarely at swing voters. But it isn't even skin-deep. Other than the ads, there is little reason to think that Moderate Mitt is anything but the latest political ploy from a chameleon with no consistent core beyond his own ambition.
Mitt Romney is a highly moral man who happens to be amoral when it comes to politics— a salesman willing to make whatever pitch will sell at that moment. And in these closing days he is trying to be steady and centrist. So he spent the third debate suddenly embracing Obama foreign polices he had been relentlessly attacking on the campaign trail for 18 months.
Now, he is running as the candidate of change, a leader who can usher in a new era of bipartisanship.
It is tempting to believe, especially because that is what so many swing voters want to see in Washington. But consider the facts with a sense of perspective.
This is a candidate who said he would reject a deal to reduce the federal deficit and debt with ten dollars in spending cuts for every one dollar in tax revenue. If he were to become president, this prescription would make bipartisan progress on the deficit impossible.
This is a candidate who has pledged to entirely defund Planned Parenthood and appoint Supreme Court judges who would overturn Roe v. Wade —moves that would reignite the culture wars and drive a deep wedge between women and the GOP, as well as between the two parties.
This is a candidate who criticizes President Obama for not passing comprehensive immigration reform—but he vocally opposed comprehensive immigration reform when it was proposed by fellow Republicans like President Bush and John McCain.
Because Romney's campaign hasn't produced substantive bipartisan policy proposals, his supporters reach for his time as governor of Massachusetts as evidence of his bipartisan instincts. But he worked with a Democratic-dominated legislature less effectively than his three Republican predecessors, and his core substantive achievement—an individual-mandate healthcare plan—he can't even talk about because he has promised to end the federal version of it passed by President Obama on “day one” if he becomes president. Without an alternative plan to cover pre-existing conditions, millions of people in our aging population will be left more vulnerable and facing more out-of-pocket health-care expenses. This might satisfy the ideological base but it will not help build bipartisan support.
I have many Republican friends who say that if Mitt Romney is elected president that he will not implement the more divisive play-to-the-base policies he has backed in this campaign. This is a hopeful attempt to turn his lack of core convictions into an asset—arguing that he will be moderate because he will simply follow the polls and pursue the path of the least resistance. So his commitment to pursue a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage is dismissed as fundamentally unserious—a harmless pander to the religious right—rather than a policy he is likely to actually pursue. This is a high-stakes assumption.
A far more likely scenario is that a President Romney would mouth centrist rhetoric post-election to try and unite a deeply divided nation but then find himself working with a very conservative House majority who intend who keep his feet to the fire on all the promises he made to them in the primaries when he was running as a “severe conservative.”
In turn, Democrats in a Romney era are likely to take their strategic cue from the way Republicans have behaved in the Obama era—pursuing a policy of total obstruction and personal demonization. Harry Reid will announce, as Mitch McConnell did, that his party's number one goal will be to see Romney be a one-term president. And if Democrats lose their majority in the senate, they will deploy the filibuster at least as often as Republicans have used it over the past four years. The result: more rancor and gridlock.
All this would be terrible for the country, but it is the kind of politics we have incubated – every action creates an equal and opposite reaction.
There is an additional factor to consider: conservatives' attempts to present President Obama as a far-left liberal—let alone a radical leftist—are themselves a myth. The political scientists at the non-partisan site VoteView has analyzed his record outside the vicious spin cycle and concluded that President Obama is the most moderate Democratic president since the end of World War II” The political divisions that persist in our nation are more the result of hate-fueled hyper-partisan projection than President Obama's actual policies. In a more sane time, the fact that a Democratic president advanced a health care idea proposed by the Heritage Foundation and implemented by a Republican Governor named Romney would have been seen as triangulation. But with President Obama it is reflexively viewed as socialist instead of centrist. This says more about Obama's overheated opponents than his presidency.
Romney has been far more focused than Obama on appealing to independent and centrist swing voters in the final stretch of this election. But Mitt Romney is not a principled centrist; he is a pragmatic opportunist – more like Charlie Crist than Teddy Roosevelt or Tony Blair.
And the idea that he will lead us into a new era of bipartisanship is a misty wish based on little more than an etch-a-sketch strategy—a retooled stump speech and an appealing but essentially empty new ad—strategically deployed in the final stretch of a divisive presidential campaign.
Google has announced the release of Chrome 14, a new version of its Web browser. The update brings some nice technical improvements under the hood and enables Native Client for end users.
Several key enhancements for Lion have been introduced in Chrome 14 on Mac OS X. Lion's new scrollbar style, which is fully supported in the new version, nicely complements Chrome's minimalist design. Chrome has also gained compatibility with Lion's full-creen functionality. It also offers a separate "presentation mode" that mimics the legacy fullscreen style.
One of the most significant technical additions in this release is support for the new Web Audio API specification, which is a draft-status standard proposal authored by Google through the W3C. It enables rich audio processing in Web applications—making it possible for games to mix sound sources in 3D space, for example. Google has published some compelling demos to illustrate its capabilities, including a WebGL pool game with spatially realistic sound effects.
Another major change under the hood in Chrome 14 is that Google has enabled its Native Client (NaCl) framework. NaCl allows native code supplied by third parties in the form of platform-neutral binaries to be executed securely in the browser. NaCl has been present but hidden behind a flag in previous versions of Chrome. The new version enables it by default, but it currently only works with content loaded from Google's Chrome Web Store. The company says that it intends to lift that restriction in the future.
NaCl opens the door for some intriguing capabilities (including the ability to natively run Vim in the browser), but it hasn't gained acceptance among other browser vendors. As we remarked when we looked at the Chrome 14 beta last month, NaCl will likely be important on Google's Chrome OS platform, but doesn't have a place in the standards-oriented Web ecosystem.
Chrome 14 will be rolled out to stable channel users. It is also available for download from Google's website. For more details about the release, you can refer to the official release announcement.
By Steve Berman
They rarely allow even a mildly critical story past their Trump-colored sunglass-wearing editors, and have mocked and torn into Erick Erickson when he has opposed the object of their affections.
So now when Breitbart's own Michelle Fields was manhandled by Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, the friendship continues in a strained and awkward way, like two middle schoolers who have just broken up but continue to be “just friends.” Except for the bruises.
https://twitter.com/MichelleFields/status/708005032839548929
Lewandowski is short of stature, and not much of a gym rat, if you base it on his looks. Leon Wolf wrote:
Lewandowski is a pencil-necked twerp who's about five and a half feet tall and maybe goes a buck thirty sopping wet. My teenage son could throw him around like a rag doll. In an actual physical confrontation with roughly 99% of adult males (and a significant number of adult females) in America, Corey Lewandowski would get humiliated and sent home without his lunch money.
Like most of Trump's hand-picked “top men,” this guy is nothing but the best. A graduate of UMass Lowell (that's one step above Bunker HillÂ Community College's Malden satellite campus), Lewandowski has been a political hack, a loser, and a Democrat. When Lewandowski was working on Senator Robert Smith's New Hampshire campaign in 2001 (after leaving the RNC), he made a comment that was “so bad it reeks” according to former N.H. Sen. Warren Rudman.
He accused challenger John E. Sununu (son of the former governor and White House Chief of Staff) of harboring terrorists because he accepted funds from the lawyer who represented a group found to have terror ties. Even theÂ Anti-Defamation League's Abraham Foxman said Lewandowski's comment was “un-American and inappropriate.”
Lewandowski is a little man full of dirty tricks and unbridled anger.Â He left politics to work as a lobbyist for green-energy scammers for 8 years before returning to be selected as Trump's politicalÂ LeibwÃ¤chter.
You see, Trump has to select little people to be around him because he wouldn't want to be upstaged. Arnold Schwarzenegger endorsed John Kasich, and Chuck Norris, after flirting with a Cruz endorsement, chose to sit out the campaign. Trump prefers Chris Christie and Sarah Palin.
Fields wrote, in her own words, what happened.
Addressing the gathered reporters and the nation at large, Trump was in an especially jovial mood Tuesday night. The networks just declared he had won the Mississippi Republican primary and, during his speech, that he won Michigan Republican primary as well.
I wasn't called upon to ask a question during the televised press conference, but afterwards Trump wandered around, stopping at every reporter to take their questions. When he approached me, I asked him about his view on an aspect of affirmative action.
Trump acknowledged the question, but before he could answer I was jolted backwards. Someone had grabbed me tightly by the arm and yanked me down. I almost fell to the ground, but was able to maintain my balance. Nonetheless, I was shaken.
The Washington Post's Ben Terris immediately remarked that it was Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, who aggressively tried to pull me to the ground. I quickly turned around and saw Lewandowski and Trump exiting the building together. No apology. No explanation for why he did this.
Even if Trump was done taking questions, Lewandowski would be out of line. Campaign managers aren't supposed to try to forcefully throw reporters to the ground, no matter the circumstance. But what made this especially jarring is that there was no hint Trump was done taking questions. No one was pushing him to get away. He seemed to have been happily answering queries from my fellow reporters just a moment before.
If you want to find out what it's like to be treated as a second-class citizen, attend a Trump rally with media credentials. I did this, and I was horrified. Media are penned up, not allowed to leave, and serve as a target for Trump's continual taunting and insults. I am absolutely certain that the Trump campaign is more than capable of manhandling photographers, reporters, or anyone else that crosses them.
Fields' own boyfriend, a senior editor with the Daily Caller, agreed.
https://twitter.com/Jamie_Weinstein/status/707407739744591872
The reaction from the brownshirted Trump campaign? To call Fields a liar and publicity hound. Remember, she works for Breitbart, the friendÂ of all things Trump. They even implied that they didn't realize she was a friendly reporter, meaning that if she wasn't she'd be fair game.
NEW: Trump campaign spokesperson Hope Hicks responds to allegations campaign manager assaulted Breitbart reporter: pic.twitter.com/LHRMKXzy3K — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) March 10, 2016
https://twitter.com/CLewandowski_/status/708020305013448704
https://twitter.com/CLewandowski_/status/708040874752655365
Trump will lower himself beneath the garbage juice dripping down into the sewers from the kitchen door at his golf resorts to protect his image. Many people aren't buying it.
@MichelleFields also got shoved fairly violently by @realDonaldTrump's head goon at Tea Party rally in DC. @K_Schallhorn saw it happen. — Josiah Daniel Ryan (@JosiahRyan) March 10, 2016
At this point, please file a criminal complaint, @MichelleFields.@CLewandowski_ @realDonaldTrump
— Adam Baldwin (@AdamBaldwin) March 10, 2016
https://twitter.com/CarmineSabia/status/708020942602170368
I'm afraid we won't be seeing an apology from Trump or Lewandowski. They will just continue to be the bullies they are and have always been.
News in Science
New species of flying frog discovered in Vietnam
City dweller An Australian researcher who discovered a new species of flying frog near Ho Chi Minh City says it is a rare find so close to such a big city.
Helen's Flying Frog was first discovered by Jodi Rowley, an amphibian expert from the Australian Museum in Sydney, in 2009 during a field trip to the forests fringing the city.
Rowley initially thought the tree-dwelling flying frog, so named for the huge webbed feet that allow it to glide or parachute across the forest canopy, was a familiar species when she saw it sitting on a log beside a path.
It was not until a later trip, when she saw a specimen of the original type of frog in another part of Vietnam, that she realised her creature was something quite different.
"The new species has a bright white belly and white whites of the eyes, whereas the species that I thought it was - its closest relative - has a lemon yellow belly and yellow whites of the eyes," says Rowley.
"There's also differences in the colour of the webbing, colour of the thighs, and we did look at body type as well so it does seem to be bigger than the other species."
Molecular analysis confirmed Rowley's suspicions and she had the honour of naming the new species Rhacophorus helenae or Helen's Flying Frog after her mother, who had recently been diagnosed with ovarian cancer.
Surprising find
She says the "big, impressive" species, which is 10 centimetres long was a surprising find in the low-lying evergreen forest surrounded by rice paddies on the fringes of Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam's most populous city.
"What's rare about this discovery in particular is the fact that I found the lone individual less than 90 kilometres from the middle of Ho Chi Minh City, one of the biggest cities in Southeast Asia," says Rowley.
Researchers are now working to establish whether Helen's frog is endangered. Specimens have only been seen in the lowland forests of southern Binh Thuan and Dong Nai provinces and Rowley says there were real fears for its survival.
"We are worried particularly because it is a lowland forest and it's the same kind of forest (as where) the Javan rhinoceros went extinct in 2011 as well. Habitat loss is a huge issue," she says.
Rowley's discovery, made with researchers from Ho Chi Minh city's University of Science, was published in the latest issue of the Journal of Herpetology .
Microsoft Edge is an interesting browser, simply because it's missing a rather hefty amount of vital features for people to want to make the switch from Chrome or Firefox. One feature that should have been there on day one but wasn't, are extensions. Extensions are one of the main reasons people aren't switching over to Edge, and now it appears users waiting to make the switch are going to have to wait a little longer.
Microsoft initially stated that extensions for Edge would arrive with an update “later this year”, but according to my contacts, there are no other feature updates after Threshold 2 that are scheduled for the end of this year. Extensions are yet to show up in the main development branch for Threshold 2 as well, and Microsoft still hasn't started asking developers to port their extensions from other web browsers. With only two weeks left before Threshold 2 RTMs, there's simply no time for Microsoft to ready extensions for Edge. So Instead, I hear Microsoft is planning to rollout the feature in 2016 with the first wave of Redstone updates in the summer.
Insiders will likely get to mess with extensions before the summer however, as the Insider Program will likely begin receiving new Redstone builds way before RTM is released to the public. Microsoft will want developers and insiders to test (and develop) extensions within Edge, so when the update launches consumers will already have a number of extensions available for the browser. For those who don't know, Microsoft is working on a bridge to allow extensions developed for Chrome to be easily ported to Edge with little to no code changes, much like the Project Astoria bridge.
We asked Microsoft for a comment, but provided us with a rather vanilla response:
“We are bringing support for extensions to Microsoft Edge in a future update. Developers who build extensions for other modern browsers using common Web technologies like JavaScript and HTML, will work with Microsoft Edge with little or no code changes.”
Microsoft is still committed to delivering extensions for Edge, but with the feature now several months away, will consumers care by the time they arrive? Once they're available, Windows 10 will be over a year old. Insiders will get to play with extensions much sooner than that of course, but Insiders are not an accurate representation of the people who use Windows 10 day-to-day, and at this point we don't know when Microsoft is planning to begin delivering Redstone builds for testing. Perhaps in early 2016, or if we're lucky, towards the end of this year.
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
Share
It's a big deal when two automakers join forces, especially on a project that's partially funded by a country's government. McLaren and BMW announced they will link up to develop engines with greater output per liter of displacement and lower CO2 emissions.
Autocar reports this won't just be a technology exercise; both companies confirmed the work is “destined for application in future engines.” For McLaren, we could see the results in a production car by 2020.
Britain's Advanced Propulsion Center (APC) — a government-funded operation — is among a short list of partners involved in the project. Other parties include Ricardo (McLaren's current engine manufacturing partner), Grainger and Worrall (which will be responsible for complex, lightweight casting technology), Lentus Composites (a composite structure specialist), and the University of Bath (which brings advanced combustion R&D to the equation).
The APC will contribute 14 million pounds to the cause and the remaining 14 million pounds needed to complete the project will be split among the other companies. McLaren will lead the charge, but it's unclear if the automaker is also contributing the most money to the project.
”This is an exciting project that plays to the strengths of all partners,” stated McLaren Auto head Mike Flewitt. “McLaren Automotive has an exceptional reputation for building the world's finest engines, as showcased by our M838T and its previous category wins in the International Engine of the Year awards. We will continue to independently design and build our own engines, and the benefits of this project will help us accelerate the development of our next generation of powertrain, as confirmed in our recently announced Track22 business plan.”
Indeed, McLaren's ability to pull tremendous power from a 3.8-liter V8 is remarkable. Its twin-turbocharged engine has been spread across its lineup and has proven reliable and potent.
Similarly, BMW's 2.0-liter turbo four-cylinder and 3.0-liter turbo inline six-cylinder combine efficiency with high performance.
“We are pleased to be part of this project, which plays to the strengths of all partners,” a BMW spokesperson said. “McLaren Automotive and BMW Group have exceptional reputations for building the world's finest engines. The further development of low CO2 combustion technology is important for the BMW Group as part of our Efficient Dynamics Strategy. The low CO2 combustion technology which will result from this joint project is destined for application in BMW Group engines in the future.”
As the guy who made that one Lord of the Rings comic years ago and did that one LP of Lord of the Rings Online, and as someone who has professed to have read Fellowship more times than I care to recount, I've gotten something of a reputation as a Tolkien expert. The truth is I'm pretty much a lightweight among the serious Tolkien fans. I'm nowhere near a Tolkien scholar and I'm not even a huge fan of The Silmarillion.
But I still think The Lord of the Rings stands near the top of the list of the most important works of fiction in the 20th century. It's a masterfully crafted work and its cultural influence is difficult to measure due to its enormity. Tolkien spin-offs have become an industry in their own right, and as someone standing at the intersection of games and Tolkien fandom a lot of people are wondering what I think of Shadow of Mordor.
When a book or movie is adapted to video games, we often get hung up on the small details of lore and whether or not the writers get it "right". And that's fine, up to a point. It's nice when the writers take the time to get all the little details just so. It feels good to see that thing from the book or movie, fully realized in a game world that meshes with our prior experience or imagination. But when you're adapting a work of fiction, getting the lore right isn't nearly as important as matching the original in tone, themes, and aesthetic texture.
Imagine a Batman game where they butcher all the lore: Alfred is Batman's uncle, Gordon is the mayor instead of the commissioner, and it takes place in Chicago instead of Gotham. That would be really annoying. But it would be far less offensive to me than a Batman property that gets all the lore details right, but re-imagines Batman as a vigilante who goes around shooting criminals and torturing them for information. This is how Shadow of Mordor feels to me. It's a Lord of the Rings game in name and lore only, because the tone and themes are jarringly wrong.
The developers tried. They really did. You can find bits of poetry, heaps of lore details, and there's a loading screen where someone sings a song. The developers looked at Tolkien and thought what people really wanted was lots of text to read and lots of little stories about incidental items in the world. And I guess they succeeded at that. It's all shoved off to the side in collectibles that magically turn into "money" (not really money, but it's the currency you use to buy upgrades) and not part of the core game, but it's there. There are references to legendary characters that do not appear directly in the books or movies, and they even manage to shoehorn in a barely-justified appearance by Gollum. (Which is a wonderful re-creation of movie Gollum, doing a fine impression of the original performance by Andy Serkis.)
But these things are the skeleton of Middle-earth, not its soul. They failed to grasp anything resembling the heart of the elements that give the world its identity.
First let's start with the small stuff: The dialog is all wrong. Gone is the artful and varied speech of the various peoples of Middle-Earth. In the books, each group of people had their own take on English. Hobbits were simple and folksy. Dwarves were brusque and direct. Wizards and elves were almost Shakespearean in their flowery speech. Humans were varied, going from the quasi-cockney style of Bill Ferny to the nearly-Elven patterns used by kings.
In Shadow of Mordor, all of that is lost. People talk in generic "movie medieval", and the lines are bristling with cringeworthy anachronisms. One Orc (an Orc!) even says, "Visualize your goals," to the player, which I guess is supposed to be funny. But making jokes at the expense of the setting is something you do in a parody (like my web comic) and not something you should do in a story that's trying so hard to be taken seriously.
Review: Why Michel Gondry's Noam Chomsky Documentary 'Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy?' Is His Best Movie Since 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind'
At one point in “Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy? An Animated Conversation With Noam Chomsky,” Michel Gondry's free-roaming animated portrait of his discussions with the famed MIT linguist, the filmmaker makes it clear that the chief audience he hopes to please is his subject. Gondry, who narrates the documentary throughout, explains his desire during production to complete the project before the octogenarian Chomsky dies. The revolutionary thinker, who turns 85 this December, showed no signs of a premature departure, but Gondry's admission suggests the deadline mainly reflects his own mortal fears. It's a tender observation that taps into the self-defined urgency behind his creative drive, providing a reminder that the capricious nature of his work obscures far more substantial philosophical inquiry.
It also connects the seemingly loose, blithe style of Gondry's hand drawn framing device with the typically pensive Chomsky at the story's center. A rather bizarre mismatch on paper, Gondry's eccentric look at Chomsky's intellectual proclivities leads to a thoughtful examination of both director and star. In its introductory sequence, the director explains (with a handily subtitled voiceover he provides to wade through his thick French accent) his attraction to Chomsky's ideas about the secrets of the human mind after encountering several of his books. For Gondry, whose initial narrative features “Human Nature” and “Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind” took cues from the epistemologically off-beat screenplays of Charlie Kaufman, the prospects of talking through Chomsky's intellect has personal stakes. But it's also a welcome excuse, after his large scale and poorly received efforts “The Green Hornet” and “Mood Indigo,” to change things up.
The gamble pays off: “Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy?” bears the stamp of Gondry quirk but allows it to feel a lot more intimate than anything he's done since “Eternal Sunshine.” While Gondry previously made a personal diary film with 2009's “The Thorn in the Heart,” a delicate look at his “Auntie,” this latest project has universal access points. Gondry constantly shifts between Chomsky's psychological insights and audio from their ongoing discussions, which unfolded over the course of several months. As a result, “Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy?” becomes an amusing chronicle of their relationship: Gondry, the restless inquisitive amateur, constantly assails the gravelly-voiced Chomsky with questions about nature versus nurture and other pertinent topics, though no overarching agenda takes hold. Rather than crafting a seminal overview of Chomsky's career, Gondry magnifies his fascination with the older man's intelligence.
The outcome is a close cousin of “The Pervert's Guide to Ideology” (itself a sequel to “The Pervert's Guide to Cinema”), which involves fellow academic superstar Slavoj Zizek dressing up in costumes while discussing the theoretical underpinnings of popular art. Although Chomsky never wears any outlandish garb, Gondry turns him into a cartoonish abstraction along with everything else in sight. Even as Gondry whimsically films his subject with a 16mm Bolex, he only appears in frames within frames surrounded by Gondry's animated artwork. More often, the thinker is one of innumerable brightly colored line drawings that wiggle about as they provide a giddy manifestation of Chomsky's arguments. Emphasizing a green and red palette against a black backdrop, Gondry's aesthetic creates the impression of sharp observations piercing through the mire of reality.
Even when it gets heavy, though, “Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy?” remains above all committed to a sense of play. Gondry relies on terrific visual gags to illustrate their ongoing conversations. In one of the more amusing exchanges, Gondry asks the atheistic Chomsky about the etiquette of dealing with spiritual convictions — particularly in the context of Gondry's disdain for his girlfriend's astrology fixation, which he can't help but mock. To his surprise, Chomsky says it's “not an idiotic” belief, just an irrational one, a crucial distinction that has revelatory possibilities even while generating an amusing punchline in the context of Gondry's domestic issues.
It's not the only time Gondry casts himself as the slapstick naif on the receiving end of Chomsky's genius. Elsewhere, he discusses his struggles to complete the project while in post-production on “The Green Hornet” years back; as he talks, we see him represented by a giant bug wandering about his living room. It's a candid admission by implication: While Gondry was glued to his work on a commercial spectacle, he was cognizant of its fundamental simplicity in contrast to this deeper side project.
But if “The Green Hornet” hurt Gondry's pride, “Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy?” should bring it back. More than capable interrogator, he guides Chomsky across a wide range of complex topics with an effortless quality. The title refers to a puzzling clause the two men discuss near the conclusion in reference to an inborn comprehension of linguistic ordering (try rearranging the words and contemplate why it throws things off). But it also taps into the loose structure of the movie's narrative. Hurtling from one topic to another, “Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy?” explores the process of hyperactive minds stumbling through a fragmented reality.
As such, it's never fully satisfying as a complete look at any single topic. Chomsky hits on some big ones, including the famed Ship of Theseus paradox — if every piece of a boat is replaced by a new piece, is it the same boat? — but such theorizing comes and goes like signposts to remind viewers that the project has scientific legitimacy (a rough cut was screened over a year ago at MIT). Gondry is less interested in arriving at conclusions than in highlighting the liveliness engendered by the search for them. He largely ignores the political dimension of Chomsky's career, but magnifies his personal life, eventually digging into his subject's grief over his late wife. Underneath his logical calculations, Chomsky's the ultimate softie, able to both reckon with the world and seem humbled by its emotional ramifications.
In his introductory remarks, Gondry blatantly compares his completed project to “A Thorn in the Heart,” but it's better described as a quasi-sequel to “Eternal Sunshine,” as it returns to the unnerving challenge of battling the limitations of thought at every waking moment. Both movies elegantly blend gentle wit with melancholy. While “Eternal Sunshine” certainly has more polish, “Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy?” is like its scrappier, exuberant younger brother. As usual for Gondry, the experience can be too precious for its own good, as the fanciful elements of its design lead to the impression of flipping through a scrapbook filled with half-formed ideas.
Yet that's exactly the key to its appeal: The centerpiece of “Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy?” is as much Gondry as Chomsky; the contrast between them wryly juxtaposes measured and chaotic introspection. By extension, its real topic is the elusive nature of all thought processes, and it effectively shares the dual speakers' collective journey without revealing any tangible destination. The movie ends, but the discussion resonates indefinitely.
Criticwire Grade: A-
HOW WILL IT PLAY? The documentary world premieres as the closing night of DOC NYC on November 21. IFC Films releases it in New York and Los Angeles this Friday in addition to making it available on iTunes and VOD platforms. Cross-over appeal to Gondry and Chomsky fans should result in a solid opening weekend, while VOD numbers are likely to remain strong in the coming weeks and months.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (PCLOB) exists to ensure that national security does not trump privacy and civil liberties, and it has been especially busy since the publication of the first Snowden leak. Congress and the President asked the Board to review the use of Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act and Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act, as well as the operations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. In 2014, PCLOB published two reports addressing these issues. And last week, the Board published a “Recommendations Assessment Report [pdf].”
Section 215 Recommendations
The most striking piece of the report is also the first:
Recommendation 1: End the NSA's Bulk Telephone Records Program Status: Not implemented (implementing legislation proposed)
The NSA uses Section 215 of the Patriot Act to justify its bulk telephone records collection program. But as we have noted repeatedly, there's no evidence that the Section 215 program is necessary for stopping terrorism—something PCLOB, the President's Review Group, and even the administration itself have all admitted. On the other hand, there's plenty of evidence of how the program invades innocent peoples' privacy. And PCLOB's recommendation is very simple here: the program should end.
Of course, Section 215 expires on June 1, and Congress will have to vote on whether to reauthorize it. It's important to note that “the Board did not recommend that ending the program be contingent on the passage of legislation that would replicate the program's capabilities.” We agree. Congress cannot simply reauthorize Section 215 and ignore the serious civil liberties concerns it creates.
PCLOB highlighted another important recommendation: the administration should ensure that the public understands how it is interpreting statutes, especially “if the text of the statute itself is not sufficient to inform the public of the scope of asserted government authority,” both “intended uses of broadly worded authorities at the time of enactment” and “novel interpretations of laws already on the books.” This recommendation has been partially implemented. But considering the concern about how intelligence reform legislation such as USA FREEDOM could have been interpreted, this recommendation should be at the forefront as discussions about NSA reform legislation continue.
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) Recommendations
The Board's report back on FISC reforms was disappointing. In January of last year, PCLOB called on Congress to enact legislation that would reform the FISC by “enabling the FISC to hear independent views” from a third-party and by expanding opportunities for judicial review of FISC decisions. It also called for the government to release more important opinions, both those that have already been issued and going forward.
This reform is sorely needed, considering that the FISC produces significant legal interpretations in secret, outside of the adversarial court system. But it's not happening. The first two recommendations were at least partly addressed in the Senate version of USA FREEDOM—but of course, USA FREEDOM stalled in the Senate, leaving the FISC untouched.
And when it comes to more transparency, the report noted that, while some opinions are being released, other significant opinions remain classified:
For instance, the government has not released the first opinion issued by the FISC that approved a certification under Section 702 of FISA, in which the FISC was first required to evaluate whether the Section 702 surveillance program complies with the statute and the Fourth Amendment.
Section 702 Recommendations
As we noted in July, the PCLOB's Section 702 report was legally flawed and factually incomplete. Nevertheless, the report did include multiple recommendations that would improve the way the government currently uses Section 702.
Unfortunately, most of the recommendations with regards to Section 702 wouldn't be publicly visible, since they mainly require the NSA to provide more information and justification to the FISC about who it targets under Section 702. One recommendation calls for the Intelligence Community to “develop a comprehensive methodology for assessing the efficacy and relative value of counterterrorism programs”—something that would be incredibly useful, considering the misinformation NSA defenders have spread about the efficacy and need for NSA surveillance. Unfortunately, the report notes that it is not being implemented. Another recommendation, which the administration is reportedly working on, would require clearer minimization rules and some limits on use of Section 702 data by the FBI in non–foreign intelligence criminal matters. Board Chairman David Medine and Board Member Patricia Wald joined this recommendation but also issued a separate recommendation that would go further and require judicial approval for the FBI's use of Section 702 data in non–foreign intelligence matters.
However, some of the recommendations would require the NSA to provide more information to the public, including, “with minimal redactions, declassified versions of the FBI's and CIA's Section 702 minimization procedures, as well as the NSA's current minimization procedures.” According to the report, public release of these declassified versions of minimization procedures is imminent.
Another recommendation hits on one of the key questions civil liberties advocates like Senator Ron Wyden have been asking since before the Snowden leaks: How much data does the NSA collect on Americans? While that question has been partly answered by the leaks, the Board notes that Section 702 in particular remains opaque: “Lawmakers and the public do not have even a rough estimate of how many communications of U.S. persons are acquired under Section 702.” The report calls for the NSA to provide that information to the public.
Unfortunately, regardless of which of the Board's recommendations on Section 702 are implemented, the program itself is fundamentally flawed, and no degree of window dressing can improve it.
The biggest takeaway from this report is the Board's strong reiteration of its first recommendation: Section 215 should end. If you agree, let Congress know that you want to see a no vote on reauthorization of Section 215 in June. In the meantime, EFF will continue to push for comprehensive NSA reform legislation.
China's Foreign Minister: Trump-Taiwan Call 'A Small Trick'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chiang Ying-ying/AP Chiang Ying-ying/AP
President-elect Donald Trump has been speaking on the phone with numerous world leaders since his election, but a call Friday has the potential to cause diplomatic waves. The Trump transition office confirms Trump spoke with the president of Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen.
The call has raised eyebrows because the U.S. broke off diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1979, when it recognized mainland China. And it's believed to be the first time a U.S. president or president-elect has spoken with a Taiwanese leader since then.
The Beijing government regards Taiwan as a breakaway province, not an independent nation.
Chinese reaction so far has come from the foreign minister, who spoke with Hong Kong's Phoenix TV, according to the Associated Press:
"Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said the call between Taiwan's president and Trump was 'just a small trick by Taiwan' that he believed would not change U.S. policy toward China, according to Hong Kong's Phoenix TV. " 'The one-China policy is the cornerstone of the healthy development of China-U.S. relations and we hope this political foundation will not be interfered with or damaged,' Wang was quoted as saying."
A statement from the Trump transition office said the president-elect and Taiwan's president noted the "close economic, political, and security ties" between Taiwan and the U.S. It says the two also congratulated each other on their respective elections. Tsai was elected earlier this year.
Trump later tweeted that the Taiwanese president called him, not the other way around.
Reuters reports that a spokesman for Taiwan's president, asked about Trump's tweet, said, "both sides agreed ahead of time before making contact."
National Security Council spokesman Ned Price said the Obama administration "remains fully committed to the one-China policy" and that "our fundamental interest in is peaceful and stable cross-strait relations."
The U.S. sold arms to Taiwan as recently as last year. There have been reports in Taiwan that the Trump Organization has expressed interest in building luxury hotels there.
The president-elect campaigned on taking a hard line toward China's trade practices, threatening to impose tariffs on Chinese imports. Trump has also spoken with Chinese President Xi Jinping since the November election.
North American anime distributor AnimEigo's Kickstarter campaign for a "High Octane Edition" Blu-ray Disc release for the Riding Bean OAV ended on Tuesday with 1,752 backers pledging US$135,589—over 450% of its US$30,000 goal.
AnimEigo reached its sixth stretch goal of US$135,000 on Tuesday, and so will translate and print a 10-page manga that appeared in Gunsmith Cats and gives background into the production of Riding Bean. AnimEigo will also include an 11th page of related content. This manga will be available to backers digitally and in the artbook.
The campaign previously met stretch goals for new artwork by Kenichi Sonoda on the case sleeve, a new eight-page manga mini-story drawn by Sonoda for the insert and artbook, a Japanese commentary track featuring Sonoda and "1-2 other Japanese commentators," and an English commentary track with anime historian Gilles Poitras.
AnimEigo plans to release the anime in December.
The 1989 OVA is based on a manga by Kenichi Sonoda ( Gunsmith Cats manga, Otaku no Video character design). AnimEigo released Riding Bean in 2002 on a dual-audio DVD, marking the company's first anime release along with MADOX-01 .
In the story, Bean Bandit and his partner Rally Vincent are couriers for hire — transporting clients and delivering goods in his custom sports car "Roadbuster" for a hefty price. But when they are hired to escort a kidnapped girl named Chelsea to her home, they don't realize they're being framed for kidnapping as their former clients Semmerling and Carrie plan their escape with Chelsea's father and the ransom money.
NEWCASTLE United captain Fabricio Coloccini is out of the Wear-Tyne derby – and Steven Taylor has been pencilled in to replace him.
Colocccini returned from international duty last week with a groin problem.
And the 31-year-old defender – who missed Saturday's 2-2 draw against Liverpool – won't be fit in time for Sunday's game against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light.
United manager Alan Pardew is yet to put a timescale on Coloccini's return.
“Colo definitely won't be available for Sunderland,” Pardew told the Gazette.
Pardew will also be without Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa against Sunderland.
The 24-year-old will be unavailable because of a one-game suspension after being dismissed for bringing down Luis Suarez.
And Taylor's return to fitness after more than a month on the sidelines is timely.
The 27-year-old suffered a hamstring problem in training after serving a three-game ban for his sending off in Newcastle's defeat to Manchester City in August.
Taylor had been due to return to the practice field last week ahead of Liverpool's visit to Tyneside.
But the club's medical and fitness staff erred on the side of caution in the wake of Coloccini's injury.
However, should Taylor, a derby veteran, fail to prove his fitness in time, Pardew will turn to Paul Dummett, who scored United's second goal against Liverpool.
The 22-year-old had come off the bench in the wake of Yanga-Mbiwa's dismissal.
And Pardew was delighted with his contribution at both ends of the pitch.
“We think Steven's going to be OK,” said Pardew. “He was touch and go to train last week, but we just held him back.
“He did some extra work. We don't really see a problem, and hopefully we don't, but if not, we've got a new hero in Paul Dummett.”
Their scores on the Graduate Management Admission Test (GMAT) are 700-plus, in some cases as high as 790 out of 800.
They earned their undergraduate degrees at some of the best universities in the world, including the Ivies.
They've worked for such prestige employers as McKinsey & Co., General Electric, Microsoft, Disney, and Abbott Laboratories.
And yesterday (Dec. 11) they were dinged by either Harvard Business School or Stanford University's Graduate School of Business.
How come?
For one thing, the odds of acceptance are truly daunting. Stanford accepts less than 8% and Harvard less than 12%--yet many believe that as much as 80% of those who apply at top schools are fully qualified to attend and succeed. So luck and execution on an application plays an often significant role. Small imperfections, ranging from a below-average grade point average to an employer who lacks prestige, can torpedo a person who would otherwise be a shoo-in.
Consider Frank. He's a 26-year-old biomedical engineer who scored a 790 out of a possible 800 GMAT. In his four years at Abbott Laboratories, he has gotten two promotions and won recognition from his leadership team. Yesterday, he was rejected by Harvard without an interview.
Or Aaron. He graduated from an Ivy with a 3.5 grade point average in biology. He scored an impressive 750 on the GMAT, in the 92nd percentile in quant. For the past year and one-half, he has worked in the innovation department of a small healthcare company. And he also tutored refugee children at inner-city schools and served on the board of an HIV/AIDS non-profit. Yesterday, Aaron was turned down by Harvard as well.
Or what about the 26-year-old with a 3.95 GPA and a 760 GMAT. After a two-year stint at a global investment banking firm, he has worked the past two years at a tony investment fund. The young professional even had a letter of recommendation from an Harvard Business School alum. His fate: Rejected from both Harvard and Stanford yesterday.
Sandy Kreisberg, a prominent MBA admissions consultant and founder of HBSGuru, has been analyzing the profiles and raw stats of jilted candidates for PoetsandQuants.com. The most common reasons for getting dinged? Bad timing. Poor execution on the application. A low GPA. Graduating with your bachelor's from a less-than-stellar college. Working for an employer that is not known for sending candidates to Harvard or Stanford. No visible advancement in your job.
To see the dialogue between Sandy and the jilted applicants, go to Poets&Quants.com:
Let Sandy Tell You Why You Were Dinged
This article is over 2 years old
Narendra Modi expresses ‘concern' over alleged attack, which has revived memories of 2009 crisis over series of incidents involving Indian students
India's prime minister, Narendra Modi, has called Malcolm Turnbull to convey his “concern” over the burning death of Manmeet Alisher in Brisbane.
Alisher, from the Indian state of Punjab, died on Friday after an incendiary device was allegedly thrown inside a bus he was driving.
A Brisbane man, Anthony Mark Edward O'Donohue, appeared in court on Saturday charged with murder, arson and several counts of attempted murder.
Hundreds attended a vigil for Alisher, 29, on Friday night and more than 1,000 people were estimated to have attended a memorial service for the popular member of Brisbane's Indian community on Saturday.
Alisher's brother Amit was issued an emergency visa and arrived in Australia on Sunday to escort his brother's body home, but was too upset to speak to the media.
But a family friend who accompanied Amit to Australia said Alisher's elderly parents have not yet been told he was dead.
Brisbane bus driver death: brother of Manmeet Alisher arrives from India Read more
“We haven't told the parents that he's no more, we just say it's an accident, he's in a coma,” Winnerjit Goldy said.
“It's a really hard time for us. This is a bad day in the history of Australia. It's a country of justice and we feel we will get a justice.
Modi, who has led India's government since 2014, called Malcolm Turnbull on Sunday to convey the “sense of concern being felt in India” over Alisher's death, according to an Indian foreign ministry statement.
Attacks on Indians in Australia have been given widespread coverage since a series of high-profile murders and robberies around 2009.
Protests were held in New Delhi, Sydney and Melbourne and an extremist Hindu party burnt effigies of the then-prime minister, Kevin Rudd.
The number of Indian students seeking to study in Australia plunged by more than 40% and the Indian government issued a travel advisory after the attacks, which included another 29-year-old being set alight by a gang.
The statement from India's foreign ministry said Turnbull “expressed shock at the killing and conveyed that the matter is being investigated”.
The Queensland police have said Alisher's killing does not appear to have had a racial motivation, but are continuing to investigate
O'Donohue will appear in court again next month.
Last week, U.S. District Court Judge John W. Lungstrum dismissed every one of the Hartes's claims. Lungstrum found that sending a SWAT team into a home first thing in the morning based on no more than a positive field test and spotting a suspect at a gardening store was not a violation of the Fourth Amendment. He found that the police had probable cause for the search, and that the way the search was conducted did not constitute excessive force. He found that the Hartes had not been defamed by the raid or by the publicity surrounding it. He also ruled that the police were under no obligation to know that drug testing field kits are inaccurate, nor were they obligated to wait for the more accurate lab tests before conducting the SWAT raid. The only way they'd have a claim would be if they could show that the police lied about the results, deliberately manipulated the tests or showed a reckless disregard for the truth — and he ruled that the Hartes had failed to do so.
Often times during troubleshooting, many sites will recommend deactivate all plugins and activate them one by one. What's worst is sometimes you get locked out of your WordPress admin panel, so you can't even deactivate the plugins in an easy way. If you have ever faced the white screen of death, then you know exactly what we are talking about. In this article, we will show you how to deactivate all WordPress plugins when not able to access wp-admin area.
There are two methods to disabling your plugins. One requires you to use FTP, and the other requires you to use phpMyAdmin.
Video Tutorial
Subscribe to WPBeginner
If you don't like video tutorials or want to move at your own pace, then continue reading the instructions below.
Deactivate All Plugins Using FTP
In this method, you will need to either use a FTP client, or your host's file manager. If you haven't used FTP before, then you may want to see our how to use FTP to upload files to WordPress.
First you need to connect to your website using FTP client, or File Manager in cPanel. Once connected, you need to navigate to the /wp-content/ folder.
Inside wp-content folder, you will see a folder called plugins. This is where WordPress stores all plugins installed on your website.
Right-click on the plugins folder and select Rename. Change the name of the plugins folder to anything that you like. In our example, we will call it “plugins.deactivate”. Once you do this, all of your plugins will be deactivated.
Usually, this method is used when you are locked out of your admin area. If the issue was with your plugins, then you should be able login to your WordPress admin area.
Once you do that, go back to your /wp-content/ folder and rename “plugins.deactivate” back to plugins. Now you can activate one plugin at a time until your site breaks again. At which point, you will know exactly which plugin caused the issue.
Deactivate all plugins using phpMyAdmin
The FTP method is definitely easier in our opinion, however you can also deactivate all plugins using phpMyAdmin.
First you will need to login to your web hosting dashboard. In this example, we are showing you a cPanel dashboard. Your hosting account's dashboard may look different.
You will need to click on phpMyAdmin icon under the ‘Databases' section.
This will launch phpMyAdmin in a new browser window. You will need to select your WordPress database, if it is not already selected. After that you will be able to see WordPress database tables.
As you can see that all tables in the database have wp_ prefix before table name. Your tables may have a different prefix.
You need to click on the wp_options table. Inside wp_options table you will see rows of different options. You will need to find the option ‘active_plugins' and then click on the ‘Edit' Link next to it.
On the next screen, you will need to change the option_value field to a:0:{} and then click on Go button to save your changes.
That's all, you have successfully deactivated all WordPress plugins using phpMyAdmin. If it was a plugin stopping you from accessing WordPress admin area, then you should be able to log in now.
We hope that this article helped you deactivate all plugins in WordPress. You may also want to see our list of 7 best WordPress backup plugins.
If you liked this article, then please subscribe to our YouTube Channel for WordPress video tutorials. You can also find us on Twitter and Facebook.
We hate to see these because a totaled Tesla Roadster is enough to make us cry, but we know it's for the greater good.
Yesterday we told you the Roadster has passed all of the federal Department of Transportation crash tests and other hurdles and goes into production March 17. To give you an idea of what's involved and how the Tesla performed, Malcolm Powell, the company's vice president of vehicle integration, posted some pics over at his blog, where he said:
...how did the final certification tests go? Well, I still have some hair and it's not all grey. Thanks to great design, structural analysis, build quality and well run test management, we have successfully completed the entire suite of dynamic impact testing to meet both FMVSS
and, as importantly, our own very strenuous internal performance targets.
Powell offers a detailed rundown on the tests - which cover not only crash durability, but window defrosters, mirrors and 38 other things - and says the Tesla passed with flying colors.
Pics courtesy of Tesla Motors.
Imagine that you're approached by the Greek goddess of discord, Eris and, given that Eris is a cruel goddess, she places you into the mathematical space above. She promises, “If you climb to the highest point, I will release you.”
This would not be too difficult except, like most encounters with Greek gods, there's a catch. The goddess, in her wickedness, has blinded you. You can only tell whether or not a step will take you upwards or downwards. How might you find the highest peak? You think for a while and decide to climb upwards. From any position, you choose the direction that will increase your elevation.
So you climb and you get to the top of this hill. Nothing happens. What gives? You've climbed the top of a peak, but you haven't made it to the top of the highest peak.
You're going to have to modify your strategy. There are a couple options. You might stumble around at random. You'd make it to the top eventually, but it would take an eternity, most of which would be wasted exploring areas that you'd seen before.
Instead, you could adopt a systematic approach to exploring the landscape, which is much more efficient. With a memory better than mine, you could keep track of where you've visited before and focus on exploring those areas you haven't. You'd start by checking out one mountain, and then the three surrounding, and then the nine surrounding those three, and so on until you'd found the highest point.
This would work, unless Eris has placed you in an infinite space where the elevation increases forever. If you imagine the edges extending forever, such a space would look like this:
In such a space, Eris is twisted indeed, as there is no way to reach the peak of an infinite climb. Let's imagine that you toil away at this Sisyphean task for a few billion years until one of the gods, Clementia, takes pity on you. She offers you a new deal, telling you, “I will transport you to a new, finite space. If you can reach one of the highest peaks with sufficient haste, I will free you.” You accept the deal and are teleported here:
This space features a number of valleys filled with sub-optimal plateaus. If you use your original “upwards climb” strategy, you may find yourself stuck for eternity. Alternatively, you could try searching the entire space, but then you run the risk of violating Clementia's “sufficient haste” clause.
The trick is to modify the initial strategy to sometimes accept a downwards move, which will help prevent you from getting stuck at a sub-optimal plateau. Such a path might look like this:
Still, this is not quite right, as you can see from the path above. The problem is that your strategy never terminates. You quickly reach a high point, but then are forced to accept sub-optimal moves as those are the only possible moves.
To get around this, you need to modify your strategy such that you're willing to accept a lot of bad moves early on, but fewer and fewer with time, until you eventually will accept no sub-optimal moves. This strategy will eventually reach a plateau.
That's more like it. With this strategy, you begin to climb. Clementia frees you and you live happily ever after (or at least until Eris decides to visit you again.)
Except for formalizing the details, this is the basic intuition behind simulated annealing, which Wikipedia calls a “generic probabilistic metaheuristic for the global optimization problem of locating a good approximation to the global optimum of a given function in a large search space.” I'm not convinced such a sentence was written with the realization that humans will have to read it. In English, simulated annealing is a method for finding an approximation of the highest (or lowest) point in a space, like the one above.
Shaking Intuition
Simulated annealing can be understood in terms of body language. It can be felt as motion. You can think of simulated annealing as shaking.
Imagine that you're holding onto one of the spaces above. (Masterfully illustrated below.) You place a ping pong ball into the space, with the goal of moving the ball to the lowest place possible. The ball will naturally roll downwards thanks to gravity, but sometimes it will get stuck. When it gets stuck, the natural response is to shake the space, dislodging the ping pong ball, allowing it to continue rolling downwards.
There you have it. That's the core of simulated annealing. You could have invented it and, now, if you ever do come across Eris, you'll be prepared. (On second thought, if you ever come across Eris and are teleported to a mathematical space, see a psychiatrist.)
Further Reading
Every year, the City of Houston goes through a capital planning process where they allocate about $8 billion over five years.
I wanted to know where these projects are, and how much we're spending on them. I became curious about this process after last year's discussion about equitable distribution.
So I extracted a bunch of data from the Excel sheet on the open data portal and put it on a map.
Things to know:
There are 545 CIPs in the 2016-2020 plan, but only 371 appear on this map.
There are two reasons why: (1) the project is not location-specific (like $350k for “data center consolidation” or $61k for “citizen engagement software”), or (2) I was unable to geocode the location. If you find errors, please let me know and I'll update.
Circle size represents the total budget of the project. The total budget can include allocations over five years. I calculated the radius of the circle by taking the square root of the total budget and multiplied the result by .005.
If you are concerned about a project, look up your council member, give them a call, and reference the CIP# (included in the popup).
There is a lot more data available if you dig into the spreadsheet.
Background information:
Placing the well-being of the Earth above monetary interests, the Lax Kw'alaams First Nations tribe in British Columbia has rejected a $1 billion offer and voted against a proposed liquid natural gas (LNG) terminal.
In the third and definitive vote on the Pacific Northwest (PNW) LNG project last Tuesday, tribal members unanimously opposed the project, which would be located entirely within Lax Kw'alaams traditional territory on Lelu Island and the adjacent Flora Bank and required tribal consent before going forward.
"They're offering us benefits if we vote Yes. But we already have a lot of benefits around us—we have coho, spring and sockeye salmon. We have halibut, crab and eulachon. Those are our benefits."
—Lianne Spence, Lax Kw'alaams tribal member
"Our elders remind us that money is like so much dust that is quickly blown away in the wind," Grand Chief Stewart Phillip told the Globe and Mail, "but the land is forever."
In a press statement (pdf) following the vote, the tribe describes the potential threat to fisheries and the refusal by the government and PNW to impose sufficient environmental safeguards on the project, adding that there has been "indifference to the point of negligence or willful blindness, or both."
In exchange for their approval, PNW had offered the 3,600-member tribe a land swap as well as $1 billion in cash to be delivered over 40 years—which in total would have amounted to a payout of roughly $320,000 for each member. The project is also backed by Malaysia's state-owned energy giant, Petronas.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
"The traditional way of life of the Lax Kw'alaams people and, most importantly, the delicate marine ecosystem that upholds, and has upheld their culture for thousands of years, is not for sale," Chief Philip continued. The Skeena River, where Lelu Island is situated, is the second largest salmon producing river in the province.
The Lax Kw'alaams say they are bound by traditional law to protect the traditional fishing grounds for future generations. "This is a first line of defense in respect to the aboriginal food fishery, a fishery which has sustained coastal and upriver first nations through the millennia," the statement reads.
Aboriginal artist Lianne Spence, who was among those who voted against the deal, agreed that the monetary compensation could not compete with the natural resources. "They're offering us benefits if we vote Yes," Spence said. "But we already have a lot of benefits around us—we have coho, spring and sockeye salmon. We have halibut, crab and eulachon. Those are our benefits."
The tribe says they will still work with PNW to find a solution and says they are "open to development," just not development in Flora Bank.
Lax Kw'alaams Mayor Gary Reece said that he hopes the community's rejection of an offer in excess of a billion dollars "sends an unequivocal message this is not a money issue: this is environmental and cultural."
A new pastry called the "frissant" — a hybrid between a deep fried doughnut and a flaky croissant — has people lining up outside an East Vancouver bakery just to get a taste.
Swiss Bakery, on Third Avenue near Main Street, began experimenting in late spring, inspired by the "cronut" craze in New York.
Operations manager Annette Siu said the bakery tried at least 10 different recipes before they got it right.
"The cronut is an inspiration of ours," Siu said. "We saw it was being done in New York. We thought, 'Ok this is something we can experiment with and make our version of it.'"
The frissant comes in two flavours — chocolate and vanilla — and is shaped like a doughnut but is flaky on the inside like a croissant.
The frissant is shaped like a donut but is flaky on the inside like a croissant. (Swiss Bakery)
The bakery began making and selling about three dozen frissants a day. But all that changed when local bloggers had a bite.
"It was mid-June that it just spiked," Siu said. "We just suddenly had lineups out the door before we opened and we were just caught off guard and there was just such huge demand."
Siu said they are now making close to 200 frissants a day.
But with lineups forming every morning even before the bakery is open, Siu said they have had to limit six frissants per customer.
One of the first things my neighbor told me when we moved to Coral Springs, Florida five years ago was that if you have to go through a natural disaster a hurricane is the "best" type because you have so much time to prepare. And now, with hurricane Irma, a category 5 storm, bearing down on us, I can see the wisdom in her words. My husband and I have had a solid week to prepare our home and our five kids for the storm — which is important since we live a mere 10 miles from the southeast coast.
#Irma is the strongest #hurricane in the Atlantic basin outside of the Caribbean Sea & Gulf of Mexico in NHC records https://t.co/tW4KeGdBFb pic.twitter.com/P8ebbQJR4k — National Hurricane Center (@NHC_Atlantic) September 5, 2017
So when Governor Rick Scott declared a state of emergency for Florida on Monday and then mandatory evacuations for some parts on Tuesday, our family had a decision to make. And we've decided not to evacuate. We'll shelter in place, no matter what.
Moving to Florida, we knew that hurricanes were just part of the deal. We get some of the world's most gorgeous coastlines, endless sunshine, and a wonderful culture — but we also have to deal with crazy weather. (Oh, and alligators in strange places!) But Floridians are a tough bunch and they know how to handle storms.
We've had hurricane warnings before, but they've never turned into anything beyond high winds, lots of rain, and minimal flooding. Our kids — aged 15, 14, 13, 12, and ten — were scared at first, but they've learned to take all the weather in stride. The more prepared we are, the less afraid they are. They've also seen how often the warnings come; this isn't their first drill. And there's still a 50/50 chance that Irma will still change course and miss us.
While others in the state are fleeing, we're making preparations to stay put. And our kids play a big part. Today, the older boys are helping us put up all the hurricane shutters, checking the roof for loose tiles, and taking down the patio furniture and trampoline. The younger kids are helping to clean up yard debris, count batteries, find flashlights and candles, and get out board games and books. They all helped us clean out the garage to make room for our cars, make sure our extra gas cans are full, and that the generator is working. As the storm approaches and we get more information, they may also help us move furniture upstairs to minimize flood damage.
My husband and I have withdrawn cash in small bills since credit cards won't be an option if we lose power. We already have a decent amount of food at home, but it never hurts to get more so I went shopping today. Many store shelves are already empty and some places have been out of bottled water since Saturday. When Irma gets closer, we we'll fill bathtubs and any available pitchers or water bottles, too.
All of this preparation isn't to say the kids aren't nervous, but helping us get the house ready helps them feel more secure. They know firsthand all the precautions we've taken.
Key Messages on Category 5 Hurricane #Irma for 8am EDT pic.twitter.com/7dsEmJX4yY — National Hurricane Center (@NHC_Atlantic) September 5, 2017
Even so, lots of people still see the risk as too high and lots of well-meaning friends and family have asked if we will evacuate. Honestly, I don't know that anything would change our minds at this point. If my kids were younger, like toddlers or babies, I might be tempted to evacuate, but right now they're old enough to be more of a help than a hindrance. We can handle this.
If we do get hit by Irma, we — as a family — want to be right here to do what we can to help others after the storm. With Hurricane Harvey in Houston, we saw how the people that were best able to respond were locals, neighbors helping neighbors. It was incredibly powerful to see how much people have worked together to recover after Harvey instead of abandoning the ship. The community that we've come to love so much will need us if the storm hits close to home, so we're staying right here. Bring it on, Irma.
Follow Redbook on Facebook.
Blackburn Rovers have strengthened their defensive options with the signing of Shane Duffy from Everton.
The 22-year-old has put pen-to-paper on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A product of the Everton youth system, Duffy has been with the Merseyside club since the age of 16 when he moved over from Derry, Northern Ireland.
Strong in the air and on the ground, Duffy gained experience on loan with Scunthorpe as a 19-year-old before making his Premier League debut for the Toffees in January 2012.
The defender went on to make 10 first team appearances for Everton before joining Championship side Yeovil Town on loan last September. Initially linking up with the Glovers for a month, impressive displays saw the Irishman's loan deal extended to cover the full season, where he made 39 appearances, scoring once.
On the international stage, Duffy played for Northern Ireland's schoolboy and youth teams up to the age of 21, before opting to switch to play for the Republic of Ireland. His first senior cap came in a 1-1 draw with Costa Rica in May.
The towering defender, who is on standby for the Republic of Ireland squad which faces Oman in a friendly in Dublin on Wednesday, and a Euro 2016 qualifier against Georgia on Sunday, will wear squad number 22.
The Fort Lauderdale Strikers were purchased from Traffic Sports by a group of Brazilian investors in September. The new ownership group assumed control of the club mid-November following the Strikers 2-1 defeat in the NASL title game.
The ownership group which promised big things has gotten off to what can only be termed diplomatically as a shaky start – In reality the club has had a disastrous winter, one which for past lower league entries in the American soccer pyramid has often led to an eventual collapse.
As a brand, the Strikers can trace lineage back to 1977 but this incarnation of the club began play in 2006 as Miami FC. From 2006 to 2008, Miami FC sported crowds of a couple hundred die-hard fans at Tropical Park Stadium. In 2009 the club relocated to Fort Lauderdale temporarily and did so permanently in 2010. The club rebranded as the Fort Lauderdale Strikers in 2011 but with the exception of Tim Robbie, the club President, the links to the original Strikers are non-existent. In fact, this is fourth different professional soccer team to play at Fort Lauderdale's Lockhart Stadium and call itself the Strikers, and third to feature in the historical alphabet soup of American minor league soccer. The original Strikers were a massive team, operating in an era before the European Union allowed the free movement of players on the continent and at a time when South Florida lacked big-time professional sports beyond the Miami Dolphins. Recreating anything like the original Strikers is nearly impossible in this day and age.
When the team was rebranded as the Fort Lauderdale Strikers, efforts were made to create linkage with the historical legacy of the club name. As one of the few people in the room during the deliberations on the rebranding (and one of the most enthusiastic about the marketing potential of the rebranding considering I served as a Strikers ball boy when I was growing up) I have a personal pride in ownership of the club. Unfortunately, this winter has brought discontent among many who support the club or follow the team. While nostalgia is important, building a local supporters base among newer soccer fans, the Millennials who have made the sport one of the fastest growing was more important. In a few short years, England's Premier League has gone from being screened exclusively in pubs to a regular staple of NBC's Sports lineup. This has happened because of fans between the ages of 18 and 35, not because of anyone who remembers the original Strikers of the 1970's.
The new ownership group is fronted locally by Ricardo Geromel, an upbeat and enthusiastic young man who is in his late 20's. Geromel has a background in media having contributed to Forbes online blogs in addition to other work. Geromel's brother Pedro is a footballer of some note in Brazil.
A wave of enthusiasm among fans and local elected officials followed the takeover of the club. Previous owners, Traffic Sports, a São Paulo based company whose American headquarters is in Miami were seen as owners who were not focused on the local market by many fans. The new owners appeared to be different.
However, signs of trouble appeared almost immediately after the takeover. Geromel in a moment of untrained youthful energy mocked David Beckham who is seeking to bring a Major League franchise twenty miles down the road in Miami as an “underwear model” in an early October online chat with fans. Weeks later the ownership group leaked to the media that they had agreed to a contract extension with popular and successful Head Coach Günter Kronsteiner when in fact no such extension had been agreed to. The owners also spoke openly about making the Strikers a massive global brand even though locally the team was probably less known or popular than about three dozen other professional soccer teams around the world.
Tom Mulroy, who served as President of the club under previous owners Traffic Sports left the team days after the Strikers lost the NASL Championship game to San Antonio, and with him went a great amount of the work the organization had done locally. Mulroy's efforts were beginning to gradually pay off as the Strikers approached 6,000 paid fans in each of the last two home games of the successful 2014 season. But since Mulroy's departure the new ownership has chosen to shift tactics, moving away from a model that saw the Strikers attend dozens of community events a week and replacing that with the types of big ideas and hyperbole that seem completely out of place considering the Strikers status.
Soon after, the Kronsteiner left the club and penned a letter to the fans. Below are selected excerpts from this letter:
“In advance I would like to apologize for my English” I am very sorry to have to announce that I will definitely not be returning to the Fort Lauderdale Strikers for the 2015 season. I thought since I truly enjoyed working for the Strikers organization and enjoyed the community and the soccer fans of South Florida so much. I felt it was important that I make clear what really happened and why I will not be returning to the club. No spins, no bullshit just the behind the scenes facts. We were hoping new owners with vision and financial whereabouts would come and give us a competitive budget fort he coming season. The new Brazilian ownership has officially announced that they wanted to keep the organization together and they would keep Tom Mulroy and Gunter Kronsteiner. As the weeks went on the new ownership group said they did not “want to disturb the focus of the team” and they would wait until after the season to secure the coach and the players for 2015. This charade went on for weeks right up to and even mentioned at the championship NASL press conference where they again talked about waiting until after the season to secure the coach and his players. Even though very few of our players had options and most of our players would be let loose into the open free-market for free agents. On Monday November 16 right before the final team talk and check out for our player physicals. Ricardo Geromel told me that the new Brazilian ownership group had hired a Brazilian sports manager and that he will arrive in Fort Lauderdale early December and it would be his job to oversee all the sporting business of the team including the relationship with me and my contract. I would have been obviously no longer in charge of my team. In the team meeting I told the players that I could not tell them anything about next year or what their future with the club was at this point. We said our goodbyes and I headed back to Europe Few days ago I received a call from the new Brazilian ownership group. The bottom line is that they made me an offer that was not only less than third the amount of what I was receiving last year, but clearly this was below the lowest amount that any coach in the NASL was making last year. It was truly not an offer just absolutely an unprofessional and disrespectful way to try to spin reality. They just did not want me back and were not big enough people to say it. Obviously from the first day it was their plan to go . As you all know I have been in soccer for more than 40 years and I have never been so badly treated and disrespected. Tha nk you everyone for your support. I love South Florida and the people but especially my team!
Within days of Kronsteiner's letter the rival Tampa Bay Rowdies signed three starters from last year's Strikers side, including Darnell King, who is considered by many the best right-back plying his trade in the United States outside MLS. The Rowdies hired former US U-20 coach, MLS Head Coach and Fort Lauderdale Striker legend Thomas Rongen to lead the team forward. Rongen had played for the original Strikers and the secon Strikers and also managed the second Strikers. With ties directly to South Florida, Tampa Bay quickly assembled a roster that included four former Strikers players as well as young star from Broward County.
Sources indicate that each Striker player from last year's squad was offered a contract similar to last year's pay or at an even lower level despite coming inches away from winning the NASL title. High-level coaches that were interested in the job vacated by Kronsteiner were either turned away or insulted at the negotiating tactics employed by the team's owners.
The handling of the media has also been a sore subject, especially given Geromel's background. Acclaimed Miami-based journalist Simon Evans penned a piece that got international play in The Guardian that pointed out some of the ridiculous statements by the owners in regards to questions about practical matters. The owners who have discussed such subjects as beer drones, incubators for small business and selling shirts in Germany are long on ambition but short on reasonable and modest goals.
At a January 14 press conference announcing the addition of Brazilian playing legend Ronaldo to the ownership group, Geromel was evasive with the assembled media. Local reporter Pedro Heizer of the Boca Raton Tribune, who has covered the team probably closer than any other writer since 2012 was given the hairdryer treatment by Geromel.
When Heizer attempted to follow up on statement regarding the Strikers stadium plans that Geromel had given during the news conference, the young co-owner said:
“I think that's the reporters fault in the way they have told the stories. They [the fans] are worried? Well then, they should try and look at the big picture. In sports, fans tend to be short-term.”
The irony of this, is that many reporters, including myself and Heizer have attempted to ask this ownership group what exactly this big picture vision is, but have never been given real answers, simply fluffy rhetoric and over-the-top hyperbole. Geromel also stated the fans were wrong to be concerned about the team's direction.
“I don't want to appeal to the fans,” said Geromel to Heizer (who writes for 90 Minutes Strong and The Boca Raton Tribune). “If fans took their emotions away from the players and sit back and think ‘Why are these new owners doing this?' without getting worked up over players who have left, they would get it. People get too attached to players.”
This statement was ironic coming less than a week after one of Geromel's partner, Rafael Bertani had appeared on the Supporters Group's radio program to appease the fans. Bertani on the program stated the Strikers had a coach and had signed 18 players that would be announced the following week. However, 17 days later the Strikers have only announced the signing of seven players and were known to be negotiating with multiple head coaching candidates at the time. Bertani had also strongly implied during the broadcast that the Strikers felt that Tampa Bay had overpaid for the three players they signed and that player values going up during a run to the Championship game was bad for the team. In a twist of irony, Tampa Bay began preseason conditioning and training work before Fort Lauderdale finally named a coach this past Tuesday. The Rowdies also have almost three times as many players under contract currently even though the Strikers had a far more successful 2014 season.
My story as a media member dealing with the club since the takeover is similar to what has been chronicled above. Despite having served as the club's play-by-play announcer and prior to that as the League Communications Director who had a special relationship with the club I have been stonewalled in any attempt to understand the vision for the club. The team's remaining communications staff has attempted to be helpful but on multiple occasions, going back to early December, Geromel has been evasive. The club was even unable to send a simple, free ad for this site to advertise season ticket sales when asked in mid-December. By comparison, the Rowdies sent multiple sized ads and links for me within 15 minutes of my request.
NASL Commissioner Bill Peterson and his predecessor David Downs both did an excellent job of finding high-level owners for existing teams that needed more investment and transitioning those clubs forward. The success of the NASL's approach in finding local owners that are well-connected in the community and politically is completely different than what we are witnessing in Fort Lauderdale.
Geromel seems to be a good-hearted young man who is unseasoned at this game. However the litany of mistakes made thus far in almost every department indicate he needs more experienced soccer and communications professionals around him. We'll delve into the Strikers Management team and what exactly the vision of the club might really be on Tuesday.
TUESDAY: PART II – WHO MANAGES THE STRIKERS AND WHAT EXACTLY IS THE VISION AND END GAME FOR THE CLUB?
Waking up early can be a daunting task, especially when you first attempt it. Nevertheless, being an early riser can significantly boost your personal productivity so it is an essential routine.
Here are some wake up early quotes that help motivate you when getting up at the break of dawn (or earlier):
1) “Lose an hour in the morning, and you will be all day hunting for it.”
~Richard Whately
2) “One key to success is to have lunch at the time of day most people have breakfast.“
~Robert Brault
3) “Life is too short,” she panicked, “I want more.” He nodded slowly, “Wake up earlier.”
~Dr. SunWolf
4) “The sun has not caught me in bed in fifty years.”
~Thomas Jefferson
5) “Every morning is a beautiful morning.”
~Terri Guillemets
6) “The time just before dawn contains the most energy of all hours of the day. This has helped me become an early riser and an early doer…. When I wake to see that it's light out already, I feel the world has started without me.”
~Terri Guillemets
7) “It is well to be up before daybreak, for such habits contribute to health, wealth, and wisdom.”
~Aristotle
8) “I would have it inscribed on the curtains of your bed and the walls of your chamber: “If you do not rise early you can make progress in nothing.” ~William Pitt Chatham
9) “The difference between rising at five and seven o'clock in the morning, for forty years, supposing a man to go to bed at the same hour at night, is nearly equivalent to the addition of ten years to a man's life.”
~Philip Doddridge
10) “The early morning has gold in its mouth.”
~Benjamin Franklin
11) “Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.”
~Benjamin Franklin
12) “Every morning in Africa, a Gazelle wakes up. It knows it must run faster than the fastest lion or it will be killed. Every morning a Lion wakes up. It knows it must outrun the slowest Gazelle or it will starve to death. It doesn't matter whether you are a Lion or a Gazelle… when the sun comes up, you'd better be running.”
~ Author Unknown
13) “Early rising not only gives us more life in the same number of years, but adds, likewise, to their number; and not only enables us to enjoy more of existence in the same time, but increases also the measure.”
~ Caleb C. Colton
14) “I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning.”
~ Johnathan Swift
15) “Morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have.”
~ Lemony Snicket
The wages of "hundreds of thousands" of Victorians could be cut by up to a third under a secret Abbott government plan to abolish penalty rates and the minimum wage, Premier Daniel Andrews has claimed.
Mr Andrews says the federal government is planning to revive WorkChoices, leaving Victorian workers up to 33 per cent worse off.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews. Credit:Wayne Taylor
Ahead of a submission to a sweeping Productivity Commission review of Australia's workplace system, State Labor has released figures showing 587,000 Victorians usually work at the weekend, 328,000 usually work overtime, and 157,000 usually work night shifts.
Using national figures adjusted to reflect Victoria's share of the working population, the submission, which is still being finalised, claims a Victorian machinery operator could lose up to $428 a week, an effective pay cut of 32.8 per cent, while a retail employee could lose up to $300 a week, a 24.5 per cent cut.
Event Time: 8/05 (NA 8/04). 2:00~3:00 PM KST
<-Buy free NX Cash Cube from 0-won shop that opens at 2:00PM (If it didn't open at exact time, try going to character creation menu then logging in again)
Cash Cube Contains random amount of NX Cash Ticket or NX cash piece
Multiple NX Cash Pieces can be exchanged for 10~1000 NX Cash Ticket at Ariel.
Tips:
-Cash Cubes are deleted when the event ends at 3PM. Don't try to collect cubes for the entire hour then open them after 3PM.
-Cash Cubes don't stack. Make sure to free up your special inventory before the event so you can buy many cubes as you can at once.
Redeeming NX Cash:
Wait until redeem date, will post separate notice. Don't delete NX cash tickets.
Shana Brown, a Broadview-Thomson K-8 teacher and principal author of the "Since Time Immemorial" curriculum, was invited to the White House's Teacher of the Year ceremony.
This year, one of Shana Brown's students in her history class at Broadview-Thomson K-8 looked up at her and asked “Why are we doing all this Indian history?”
“I thought that this class was United States history,” the student said to Brown, who was born and raised on the Yakama Indian Reservation.
Teaching students about Native history – and showing that Native history is American history – has long been Brown's goal as a Seattle educator. In addition to teaching sixth- and eighth-grade history and language arts, she is the principal author of the curriculum about Native American history that, after years of effort, is now required to be taught in all Washington public schools. It's called “Since Time Immemorial: Tribal Sovereignty in Washington State.” And Brown's now working with the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian on Native Knowledge 360°, the museum's new online initiative.
Brown was recently recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as a “great educator” and invited to the National Teacher of the Year ceremony at the White House.
We caught up with Brown to talk about her White House experience and “Since Time Immemorial.” This interview has been edited for length and clarity.
What was it like to be chosen as a great educator and invited to the White House?
I was one of two Native educators nominated by the National Indian Education Association, and it came as a complete shock and surprise. It was April 25 when I was notified, and the following week was the actual ceremony. Someone said ‘You may have gotten an email from the White House and you might have thought it was spam, but you might want to check it.' It was one of the most humbling experiences I have had the honor of being a part of.
The curriculum wasn't required until the Washington legislature passed a bill in 2015, so some teachers may not know much about tribal history and current issues. How do they learn what to teach?
The curriculum is designed to meet teachers where they are. For some teachers, it's meeting them from ground zero. They don't have just one shot and then they're done. It's not just during Native American history month and then it's over. (The curriculum) is 26 units, and they can incorporate tribal history and sovereignty from September to June. There are more teachers than not who don't have a knowledge of tribal sovereignty as a concept, much less a history. So we train them on a basic understanding of tribal sovereignty. The curriculum isn't a be-all-end-all, it's a springboard to get involved with local tribes, so that teachers are teaching with the tribes, not about them.
How does “Since Time Immemorial” fit in with the rest of the social studies curriculum?
(Students) are learning about Indians all over the continent. The curriculum is designed for every year in the student's social studies classes. Students learning about ancient civilizations are learning about indigenous civilizations. If they're learning about the Northwest, they're learning about those tribal perspectives, or what was going on in Indian Country at the time of the American Revolution.
Why is it important for students to learn about Native history?
People need to realize that Native history is American history. You can't divorce the two. Just because we have negated that part of our history isn't a reason not to change and embrace it. Especially in the Pacific Northwest, where there are so many tribes. We are a hotbed of political Indian issues in the U.S., and it has been that way for as long as I can remember.
The separation (of Native history and American history) is so pronounced, and it shouldn't be, but it's the way we have taught it for so long. People should know the truth.
Mizuho Bank's loans to yakuza and other shady individuals through its group credit company Orient Corp. may be just the tip of the iceberg as corporate Japan struggles to break off its long-held ties with organized crime.
On Monday, Mizuho released the results of a third-party investigation report in which the mega-bank blamed “lax awareness” for its failure to take action on 228 mob-linked loans for cars and electronics totaling ¥200 million.
As part of a business improvement plan submitted to the Financial Services Agency, Mizuho also announced the punishment of 54 executives and vowed to take preventive steps to avoid lending to “anti-social elements,” which include not only gangsters but also “sokaiya” racketeers and convicted fraudsters.
But neither the 102-page report by the investigative panel nor the bank's business improvement plan address the structural problems plaguing businesses in Japan, experts say.
Companies have only recently begun to take active steps to sever their ties with the underworld, and then only for ethical reasons.
The law has long been lenient on business dealings with mobsters, and it was only in 2007 that the government issued guidelines urging businesses to cut ties with anti-social elements. These guidelines are not legally binding.
Based on the guidelines, the Japanese Bankers Association instructed the nation's banks in 2009 to create an “anti-gangster” clause in their contracts.
This clause mandates that customers opening accounts or starting business deals with banks declare in advance that they are not a member of a criminal group, and states that banks can terminate a contract when it becomes clear a customer is indeed linked to the mob.
This led to the creation of prefectural ordinances across the country between 2009 and 2011 aimed at preventing a variety of private-sector dealings with mobsters and their associates.
Most of the prefectural ordinances, however, fall short of penalizing businesses that fail to comply, and are vague in their language, said Aki Tsurumaki, a lawyer knowledgeable about gangster issues.
“The Tokyo ordinance, for example, says businesses should not engage in deals that encourage gangsters' activities,” Tsurumaki said. “But it is hard to know what constitutes encouragement.”
He said that because these anti-mob measures came into effect so recently, Mizuho is probably not alone in grappling with what to do with loans that were made before the anti-gangster clause was introduced. The clause cannot be applied retroactively.
“It is easy to imagine that there are massive volumes of outstanding contracts that (financial institutions) are unable to cancel immediately,” he said.
Nobuo Gohara, a former prosecutor and now a lawyer who specializes in compliance matters, said Mizuho's investigation panel should have been more forthcoming about this legal background.
Orient, in an Oct. 16 report to the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, said a majority of the mob-linked loans were approved before the company introduced the anti-gangster clause in March 2011, making cancellations tricky.
“The third-party report just follows what Mizuho executives have said and adds a pinch of criticism, but it fails to delve into the root of the problem,” Gohara said.
He added that because there's no legal recourse for many of the mob-linked contracts, some credit card companies are now trying to cancel deals with problem individuals “through whatever means available.”
“Some companies are trying to cancel contracts if those customers miss one payment, only by a day or two,” Gohara said. “Others try to find any false statement in the contracts that they can use as a reason to cancel them. These issues, which plague the entire financial sector, should have been brought up in Mizuho's report. Then the bank executives would have been genuinely accountable for the scandal. Instead, the way they dealt with the issue was very superficial, failing to shed light on the real problem.”
The Mizuho report also fails to explain whether the cars that the gangsters supposedly bought through the loans were sold to other parties, or whether the loans involved fictional purchases, thus becoming a source of cash for the mob.
While Mizuho officials have denied such scenarios, Tsurumaki said the bank and Orient should investigate how their loans were used.
“If such things come to light, the bank would be a victim of fraud or a collaborator of underworld crimes,” he said. “A look at the report gives us no clue as to whether the bank's investigation covered such questions.”
Chance the Rapper sat down with Pharrell for his Beats 1 radio show OTHERtone recently and discussed how becoming a father has influenced his creative process. While the full interview will be available on Sunday, a preview clip has been released of Chance discussing his newborn daughter with Pharrell and co-host Scott Vener.
"I've said it a lot, I'm so much more understanding of love," Chance said. "I didn't know love until I had my daughter. I didn't know it's bounds. Not to be corny, but you can love somebody through anything when they're your child. Now that I understand that, it makes me work better with people. It makes me more understanding of how much dedication and love I can put into each line. There's no throw away lines.”
Pharrell echoed the sentiments by drawing a metaphor comparing Chance's daughter to a piece of music. “That is the best song that you will ever cowrite in your life," he said. "When you think the melody can't get any better. And you think the lyrical content can't be any deeper and any sicker. Like the bars, can't be crazier. It happens all the time. God's the board, and she's writing the lyrics. She just rewrites over and over as she gets older. It's one of the most amazing things ever.”
Showing tremendous insight and maturity, the 22-year old Chance said, “It's crazy. It's just like you said, she just grows. I'm inspired by her because she grows so fast. She's four months old and in four months she's a genius already. She's just super strong and super ready. That's where I got that from when I was showing you the tape.” Chance then goes on to sing, " Are you ready for your blessing? Are you ready for your miracle?" what is presumed to be a line off his upcoming Acid Rap follow-up .
Uber has today announced the public launch of its UberRUSH API, letting any developer offer delivery of their products through Uber .
UberRush launched back in October of 2015, offering same-day delivery of items through the app. It was a basic courier service, with deliveries via both Uber cars and bike messengers.
In January, the company took it a step further with the launch of a private API, letting retailers bake same-day delivery right into their apps and websites.
These partners included Nordstroms, 1800Flowers, Google Express and others.
Today, however, Uber can power same-day delivery for almost anything thanks to the UberRUSH open API.
From Uber's blog post:
With a variety of endpoints and features, the RUSH API acts as a simple solution for companies looking to build or streamline last-mile logistics. Now anyone can build on-demand delivery right into an existing business – or dream up something completely new.
To kick off the launch of the API, Uber is holding workshops the week of June 27 in Chicago, San Francisco, and New York.
Uber has been working on this for quite some time.
In April of 2015, we reported on leaked documents that showed plans for a wide-scale merchant delivery program. This program would allow an Uber driver to pick up an item at a store and tuck it in the trunk, pick up a person and complete a fare, and drop off the original item at its final destination in a single trip. Two birds, one Uber driver.
Though Uber has been putting this plan into motion over the past year, it's only now that it is finally being unleashed on the public.
Of course, this puts Uber even more squarely in the ring with Postmates, which has integrated directly with a number of retailers like Starbucks, Chipotle, and Apple. Plus, Postmates has been getting more aggressive with non-food retail deliveries.
Still, Uber's network of driver partners and its powerful logistics platform could take the on-demand economy to a whole new level.
About This Content
Playable Khitan race
4 Additional adventure zones in Khitai
12 Different factions with high-end rewards
3 Solo instances and 14 Group encounters
Jade Citadel - Tier 4 Raid dungeons
Coast of Ardashir playfield - Level 50 to 55
2 High-level Solo Instances
Fort Ardashir - Level 80 group dungeon
Temple of Erlik - Tier 3.5 Raid dungeon
Dragon's Spine playfield - Level 80
The Sepulcher of the Wyrm - Level 80 Group Dungeon
The Coils of Ubah Kan - Level 80 Group Dungeon
The Slithering Chaos - Level 80 Group Dungeon (Coming Soon!)
Unchained Raids - Tier 5 Raid encounters
The Palace of Cetriss - Tier 6 Raid dungeon
4 small group instances that scale to your level (Level 20+)
Dynamic Quests that change every day
New Faction and rewards
New vanity gear and mount
Discover the very ends of the Hyborian frontier with the Hyborian Conqueror Collection! This collection features all of the additional content found in Age of Conan: Unchained in a single package!Rise of the GodslayerSavage Coast of TuranSecrets of Dragon's SpineShadow of VanaheimExclusive “Spiked Cloak of Vapours” vanity item!Discover the secrets of Khitai! Based on the events after the story “The Tower of the Elephant”, Rise of the Godslayer explores the vast lands of the Khitai Empire. Home to powerful sorcerers and ancient mysteries, exploring these dark roads is not for the feint of heart. Expansion Set includes:The coastal city of Ardashir is amidst a power struggle of treachery and turmoil. Inspired by the events of the story “Iron Shadows of the Moon”, when in a place where thieves and pirates reign supreme, who can be trusted beside the blade at your hip? Adventure Pack includes:Amid an unending ocean of sand and dunes to the southwest of Pteion lies a small oasis in mountain shadows. These lands are known to some as the “Dragon's Spine”, and teems with life both natural and unholy. What ancient secrets lay buried beneath the sand? Adventure Pack includes:A formidable group of Vanir, under the command of mighty Thegn Heimdall, has been sighted gathering near the Cimmerian border. Travel to the untamed Blue Mountains to the north and descend into the snowy tundras of Vanaheim itself! Scenario Pack includes:*Membership offers and loyalty rewards can not be claimed on Saga Servers.
The Ouarkziz Impact Crater
ISS030-E-254011 (21 April 2012) --- The Ouarkziz Impact Crater is featured in this image photographed by an Expedition 30 crew member on the International Space Station. The Ouarkziz Impact Crater is located in northwestern Algeria close to the border with Morocco. According to scientists, the crater was formed by a meteor impact less than 70 million years ago during the late Cretaceous Period of the Mesozoic Era or “Age of Dinosaurs”. Originally called Tindouf, the 3.5-kilometer in diameter impact crater (center) has been heavily eroded since its formation; however its circular morphology is highlighted by exposures of older sedimentary rock layers that form roughly northwest-to-southeast-trending ridgelines to the north and south. From the vantage point of a crew member onboard the space station, the impact crater is clearly visible with a magnifying camera lens. A geologist interpreting this image to build a working geological history of the region would conclude that the Ouarkziz impact crater is younger than the sedimentary rocks, as the rock layers had to be already present for the meteor to hit them. Likewise, a stream channel is visible cutting across the center of the impact structure (center), indicating that the channel formed after the impact had occurred. This Principal of Cross-Cutting Relationships, usually attributed to the famous 19th century geologist Charles Lyell, is a basic logic tool used by geologists to build relative sequence and history of events when investigating a region.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
One of the gun lobby's favorite talking points is that America's arsenal of 300 million civilian firearms makes us safer by preventing millions of crimes. This contentious idea has taken fire as of late for relying on bogus stats and ignoring that most criminal shootings involve people who know each other, not gun-toting homeowners and midnight intruders. A new report from Violence Policy Center shoots even more holes in the argument that a well-armed society is a safer society.
The report finds that less than 3 percent of gun-related homicides are committed in self-defense (mouse over charts for the raw numbers):
The gun lobby often claims that firearms are used for self-defense an estimated 2.5 million times a year. But according to the Department of Justice's National Crime Victimization Survey, the actual number is just a fraction of that:
Guns are used for self defense (both successfully and unsuccessfully) by less than 1 percent of all violent crime victims:
The typical gun is more likely to be stolen than to be used in an attempt to stop a crime:
*Average per year, 2007-2011 / **Average per year, 2005-2010
In another twist on the self-defense argument, the NRA likes to claim that women in particular need guns to guard against bullies and rapists. But crime statistics unearthed by the Violence Policy Center indicate that only about 10 percent of those who shoot people in self defense are women:
Palestinian women take part in a baseball training session in Khan Younis in the southern Gaza Strip. (Mohammed Salem/Reuters)
There are no baseballs. The bats aren't regulation. They don't even have a baseball diamond, but that hasn't stopped a group of Palestinian athletes from launching the territory's first federation of baseball and softball.
“The federation seeks to make baseball well known to Palestinians, help male and female amateurs to become professional baseball players and train local coaches and referees,” the team's coach, Mahmoud Tafesh, told Al-Monitor earlier this month.
The federation, headquartered in the Gaza Strip, was established in late January. By the following month, the territory had fielded its first team, composed of 20 men and 20 women. The women are the most keen, according to Tafesh, who recruited several members from a specialized sports education college in Gaza.
“We targeted this group because they had permission from their families to play sport as sports students,” Tafesh told the Associated Press. “Through them, we started to spread, attracting girls from other fields such as journalism and accountants.”
The players, and even Tafesh, who is unfamiliar with most MLB teams, are baseball novices, but their enthusiasm shows each week when they attend their two-hour practice sessions.
“I used to watch baseball at home while I was a child,” Iman Al-Moghayer told Al Jazeera in a clip posted to its website Tuesday. “I love it because it's full of freedom and the only thing the player needs to do is run. Girls come and practice and the numbers are increasing. There are lots of girls who'd like to sign up despite their lack of knowledge of the sport.”
The team doesn't practice on a baseball diamond, but a soccer field, for which Tafesh said he pays around $54 an hour out of his own pocket.
The ongoing conflict in the area makes it difficult to import some of the needed items.
“We are facing obstacles in getting the appropriate equipment,” Tafesh told Al Jazeera, referring to the blockade imposed on Gaza by Israel and Egypt in 2007 following Hamas's takeover of the area. “For example, we don't have baseball bats or gloves. The equipment must be brought in from outside of Palestine because we don't have any here. We are trying to get the equipment through our own effort. We're hoping officials will help us by importing equipment to make the sport popular in Palestine.”
For now, however, Tafesh and the players plan to make do with what they have. They use tennis balls, fashion gloves out of fabric and whittle their own bats.
There also aren't a lot of caps to go around. The women who wear them put them over their hijabs, the traditional headscarf worn by many Muslim women.
Despite the sharp learning curve and lack of resources, Tafesh, a former soccer player who learned about baseball while taking coaching courses in Egypt, has big plans for his new team, according to Al-Monitor. He said the players don't just want to play the sport for fun — they want to compete. He and the players are specifically eyeing the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.
“All of us share the same goal: Participate and represent the name of Palestine outside and show that there are sports for the girls in Gaza,” team member Iman Mughaier, 24, told the AP.
Palestinian Olympic Committee executive Asaad El-Majdalawi has a more immediate goal in mind when it comes to the new federation, however, and that's to give Palestinian youth a respite from the years of turmoil they've faced as Palestine and Israel continue to fight over control the Gaza Strip.
“Sport is very important for youngsters, especially after what they've gone through with wars and conflicts,” El-Majdalwai told Al Jazeera. “This will help them physically and mentally and we support them completely, especially young women, who represent half of our community.”
[‘Mensch on a Bench': Team Israel totes very large mascot to World Baseball Classic]
If relations were warmer between Palestine and its neighbors, the newcomers wouldn't have to look far for inspiration. Ranked 41st in the world, Israel — whose mascot is a 5-foot-tall stuffed “Mensch on a Bench” — surprised many when it upset Korea and Chinese Taipei, ranked third and fourth in the world, respectively, to land a spot in the second round of the World Baseball Classic. After upsetting fifth-ranked Cuba, the mensches lost to Japan and the Netherlands, ending their run.
Despite the loss, the team's Cinderella story served as a launching point to take baseball to the next level in Israel, including cementing plans to build the country's first regulation baseball stadium, the Jewish Telegraphic Agency reports.
Results are in for 2015, the eighth year of the 10-year Million-Dollar Bet, and for once—but don't get too excited—there's something mildly positive to say about the hedge fund side.
Recall the bet first: It's between Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.B) CEO Warren Buffett and a money management firm, Protégé Partners. Buffett is betting (with his own money, not Berkshire's) that the stock market performance of a big index fund can beat the performance—averaged—of five funds of hedge funds carefully chosen by Protégé.
And that positive news about the hedge fund side? The five funds of funds won in 2015, beating the index fund for only the second year out of eight.
Even so, the winning margin was slight. The five funds, on the average, gained 1.7% during 2015 vs. the 1.36% return rung up by Buffett's index fund.
And then there's what really counts: This bet is only two Decembers from being over, and Buffett has a commanding lead. For the first eight years of the bet, the index fund he's backing is up 65.67% against 21.87%, on the average, for the five funds of funds.
That makes Buffett appear unbeatable. And yet…
Hold that thought while we recap a few more details about the bet. It was initiated by Protégé after the firm learned that Buffett had thrown out a challenge to the hedge fund world in a speech. Protégé also set one important rule of the game: It chose not to disclose the names of the five funds of funds participating in the bet. (One of the five, however, has always been assumed to be a fund of funds run by Protégé itself).
Buffett's contender in the race has a less complicated pedigree: It is an S&P 500 fund run by Vanguard: the Vanguard 500 Index Fund Admiral Shares.
The money at stake will go to charity and is slated to be at least $1 million (the “at least” being an evolving story we'll get to in a minute). Add a detail also about Fortune: In a 2008 article, it disclosed the existence of the bet and has since exclusively reported its annual results.
Now, about Buffett's big lead in the bet: Whatever the probabilities, his advantage does not guarantee him a win. A year ago at this time, the man who engineered the competition for Protégé, Ted Seides, sketched out the only scenario that he believed could change the complexion of the bet. “The odds now,” he said, “are that we'll need to see a severe market contraction for our side of the ledger to state an epic comeback.” Seides also undercut that thought about a contraction almost before he stated it, saying: “No one wins when that occurs.”
Still, “a severe market contraction”—or at least the beginning of one—sounds an awfully lot like what we've been seeing in the first six trading weeks of 2016. Through last Friday, notwithstanding a strong stock market rally on Friday itself, the Admiral shares were down for the year by 8.52%.
We do not know, of course, how Protégé's five funds have fared in those six weeks. But we absolutely know that in a bear market, most hedge funds can—and do—turn to options that are not open to a straightforward index fund, such as Admiral. Most especially, the hedge funds short stocks or flee them to buy other types of securities.
In the first year of the bet, the torture chamber of 2008, Protégé's five hedge funds of funds indeed profited from some of these strategies and walloped Buffett's Admiral shares. Even so, the funds, on the average, got the kind of no-win victory that Seides was talking about: They simply had a lesser loss for the year—23.9%–than did the Admiral fund, which plunged by 37%.
After that, for six straight years until 2015 came along, Admiral whipped the funds of funds.
Whatever the results from here on in—even, indeed, in the face of a continuing contraction—one of two charities is going to get at least $1 million. If Buffett wins the bet, the money goes to Girls Inc. of Omaha. If the Protégé camp instead makes an epic comeback, Absolute Return for Kids gets the haul.
That “at least” qualifier reflects a 2012 change in the bet. Originally, the stake was simply $1 million, an amount that Protégé and Buffett guaranteed by each putting up $320,000 in cash that was invested in zero-coupon bonds structured to ascend gradually over the bet's 10 years to a value of $1 million. But falling interest rates quickly changed the plot, precipitously vaulting the bonds' value to nearly $1 million way ahead of schedule.
At that point, in late 2012, Seides and Buffett reworked the bet, agreeing that they would sell those fully-priced bonds and put the proceeds into Berkshire Hathaway B stock. Because the stock could obviously fall, Buffett guaranteed the winning charity a minimum of $1 million. But if the bet's 11,200 shares of Berkshire B are worth more than that at the end of 2017, the winning charity walks off with their full value. As of last Friday, the shares were valued at better than $1.4 million.
To that change in the bet, add a couple of developments concerning its Protégé instigator, Ted Seides. He resigned as a Protégé partner in 2015; wrote a book, So You Want To Start A Hedge Fund, to be published this month; and is now thinking about how he will next connect to the money management business. Seides' new book says little about the bet, except that it reprints portions of his 2007 opening-shot letter to Buffett. Seides, now 45, wrote enthusiastically in the letter about the funds of funds he proposed to line up for the bet, describing each as trained “in the discipline of value investing with a long time horizon.”
In the bet's start-up days—as Fortune's 2008 article reported—Protégé calculated its chances of winning as about 85%. Buffett was less confident: He gave himself a 60% chance, a slimmer edge than he would normally like to have.
So now we know once again that the stock market is a tough baby to predict.
Carol Loomis, the author of this article, is a retired senior editor-at-large of Fortune. She is also a long-time friend of Warren Buffett and a shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway.
This website contains information about current and past Eastern Corridor Program development efforts. Questions and feedback can be shared any time by sending an email to EasternCorridor@EasternCorridor.org or by calling the Eastern Corridor Telephone Line at (513) 888-7625.
THE EASTERN CORRIDOR PROGRAM Providing essential east-west connectivity for the Greater Cincinnati region The Eastern Corridor Program is a regional effort that integrates roadway network improvements, new rail transit options, expanded bus service, bikeways and walking paths to improve travel and access between Greater Cincinnati's eastern communities and its central employment, economic and social centers.
Comprised of a comprehensive series of projects, the Eastern Corridor Program will address critical congestion issues, make travel between and among the eastern communities and the region's core easier and safer, and will help get more people out of their cars, onto trains and buses, riding their bikes and walking. The Program's multi-modal solutions will address long-standing transportation needs of the Eastern Corridor communities and will provide valuable opportunities for community enhancement, economic development and sustainable regional growth. For more, see Program Benefits.
THE EASTERN CORRIDOR PROJECTS
Currently in the second phase of study and development, the Eastern Corridor Program has been divided into four core projects. Although functionally independent, these projects are interrelated and complementary to each other. The combined completion of all projects will allow our region to realize the greatest benefit from these transportation investments. The four core Eastern Corridor projects are:
Red Bank Corridor (Segment I)
Red Bank to I-275/SR 32 (Segments II and III)
Eastgate Area to Batavia (Segments IV and IVa)
Oasis Rail Transit
The Eastern Corridor Program is administered by the Ohio Department of Transportation (ODOT), in cooperation with the local Eastern Corridor Implementation Partners. The environmental review, consultation, and other actions required by applicable Federal environmental laws for this project are being, or have been, carried-out by ODOT pursuant to 23 U.S.C. 327 and a Memorandum of Understanding dated December 11, 2015, and executed by FHWA and ODOT. Click here for more information.
Joe Robbins/Getty Images
The Indiana Pacers have rebuffed a proposed three-way deal that would have sent Paul George to the Cleveland Cavaliers and Kevin Love to the Denver Nuggets.
Sam Amico of Fox Sports Ohio reported the news. Marc Stein and Chris Haynes of ESPN had reported the potential blockbuster but did not have exact details on the players being sent to Indiana.
George, 27, is the biggest trade chip on the market after the Chicago Bulls sent Jimmy Butler to the Minnesota Timberwolves on draft night.
The four-time All-Star informed the Pacers earlier this month he will not consider returning to the franchise when he becomes an unrestricted free agent next summer.
"It couldn't have come at a worse time," president of basketball operations Kevin Pritchard told reporters Thursday. "If we had known this a few months ago, I think we could have been more prepared. Becoming public was a big issue. We want our players to want to be here; that's important. It really is. When Paul said he didn't, that's a gut punch."
Joe Vardon of Cleveland.com reported the three-way swap discussed Thursday was "nothing serious" and "very unlikely" to come to fruition.
The Cavaliers may be exploring ways to make their core more formidable, but they're likely stuck with the LeBron James-Kyrie Irving-Kevin Love trio. Love is still a high-level player who makes everything they do easier offensively. They're not going to get equal value if they trade him for multiple players, and it would not make sense for the Pacers to agree to a George-Love-centric swap.
The Nuggets have some roster clutter they need to reconfigure, but they have time. They stumbled on a budding star in Nikola Jokic, love Jamal Murray's development as a long-term piece and also have a developing stretch big in Juan Hernangomez. Adding a power forward to pair next to Jokic should be an offseason priority, just not one that includes giving up one of their cornerstone young pieces.
The most obvious George destination remains Boston, and the Pacers will likely wait deep into July after failing to get things done on draft night. The Celtics have a perfect combination of picks and talent, and they could go all-in on winning now if they can sign Gordon Hayward in free agency.
Any Cleveland path feels too convoluted.
As bad as this winter has been, can you imagine how you would feel if there were no spring or summer to look forward to?
As bad as this winter has been, can you imagine how you would feel if there were no spring or summer to look forward to?
Folks didn�t know it beforehand, but that�s exactly what happened in Ohio and much of the United States and Europe in 1816.
My historian friend from Madison County, Michael Bergman, and I were talking about that episode in Ohio�s history the other day. It is known as �the year without summer.�
On April 10, 1815, the volcano Tambora on the Indonesian island of Sumbawa erupted, throwing copious amounts of ash and debris into the sky that blocked out the sunshine in large parts of the world for most of two years.
It took about a year before it affected the United States but, because of the eruption, frost formed in every month during the summer of 1816 here, causing widespread crop failures, Bergman said. In those days, the land was mostly agricultural.
Many old-timers referred to the year as �1800 and froze to death,� he said.
Folks knew something was wrong when snow fell in June, but in those days of limited news sources, it took a long time before they learned what had happened.
Bergman said the eruption was so massive that it threw 150 times more ash into the sky than Mount St. Helens did when it erupted in 1980.
In addition to the extreme cold during the year without summer, there was no rain and only occasional snow, resulting in severe drought that added to the farmers� woes.
Many farmers along the more heavily populated East Coast lost everything, including their property, which prompted them to move to Ohio on the Western frontier, where land was easy to obtain. The movement west was so large that it was called �Ohio fever,� Bergman said.
During that cold summer, farmers planted crops that failed and then replanted them � and they also failed. Things were so bad that when the summer of 1817 rolled around, farmers had no seed corm from the summer of 1816 to plant. The only seed available was a very limited amount from the summer of 1815. Seed prices skyrocketed, and farmers took another hit.
That calamitous time in Ohio�s history reverberates with Bergman because he also is a farmer.
He reminded me that early February was important to the farmers of old because it was a bellwether for how things would go until springtime arrived. Farmers considered Feb. 2 the halfway point of winter and believed that they still should have on hand enough wood to heat their homes and hay to feed their animals to last until May.
Bergman warms his house with a wood stove and has cattle to feed. He told me he is in good shape.
Retired weather columnist John Switzer writes a Sunday Metro column.
jswitzer@dispatch.com
Evolution: Comics - Darth Vader And The Ghost Prison (2012)! By The Senate on 2016-10-25 19:00:00 How have the characters of Star Wars changed from film to film? Find out with the newest cards to land in Card Trader!
Set:
7 Cards + 1 Award card
These Inserts are available in 9 Variants
Purple - Open Edition
Teal - Open Edition
Pink - Open Edition
Orange
Blue
Green
Gold limited to 10 Card Count
Bronze limited to 50 Card Count
Red limited to 99 Card Count
Evolution: Base Comics Pack contains:
Teal at 1:5 Odds
Pink at 1:3 Odds
Evolution: Base Comics Master Pack contains:
Purple at 1:8 Odds
Teal at 1:5 Odds
Pink at 1:3 Odds
Pulling a Purple variant gives access to the Orange Pack which contains the Orange variant at 1:15
Pulling a Teal variant gives access to the Blue Pack which contains the Blue variant at 1:12
Pulling a Pink variant gives access to the Green Pack which contains the Green variant at 1:10
Pulling an Orange card will provide access to the Evolution Comics Gold Pack with ONE chance at 1:30 Odds pulling Gold Card (limited to 10 card count).
Pulling a Blue card will provide access to the Evolution Comics Bronze Pack with ONE chance at 1:15 Odds pulling Bronze Card (limited to 50 card count)
Pulling a Green card will provide access to the Evolution Comics Red Pack with ONE chance at 1:12 Odds pulling Red Card (limited to 99 card count)
Evolution Comics Bundle is also available which will give a GUARANTEED
Orange card
Blue card
OR
Green card
ALSO the bundle pack has a 1:15 chance to pull ALL THREE Variants (Orange, Blue, AND Green cards).
NOTE: Packs do NOT stack, Pulling 2 Orange, Blue, OR Green cards will only provide access to 1 Pack of the associated color.
Remember to refresh your store after pulling any inserts to see the corresponding packs. Packs do not stack for the same color insert. Example is pulling 2 oranges will still only give you access to One Gold pack to open.
Tap on the "Market" icon on your home screen to find the Evolution Store. There, you'll find the packs that contain the Steel, Blue and Red Evolution Base Cards!
Head to the Evolution Store today! Head to the Evolution Store!
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
COLLEGEVILLE, Minn. – Running back Jordan Roberts' four rushing touchdowns powered the 12th-ranked St. Thomas football team to a 35-14 victory over No. 8 St. John's Saturday afternoon at Clemens Stadium before a Division III-record crowd of 17,327 fans.
Roberts tallied at least three scores for the second consecutive game this season and added to his team-leading rushing total with 230 yards on the day. Roberts attributed most of his success to his offensive line.
“I want to thank my brothers on the team; the offensive line did amazing, as they always do,” Roberts said. “Our coaches put together a great game plan, and we just went out there and executed.”
Roberts' first touchdown was a 5-yard scamper on a fourth-and-one in the first quarter that gave the Tommies (3-0 overall, 1-0 MIAC) a 7-0 lead. He chalked up the rest of his touchdowns in the second half with scores of 12 and 15 yards in the third quarter and a 40-yard run in the fourth to seal the game.
Running back Jack Kaiser added his first touchdown of the season between Roberts' third and fourth scores. Kaiser's score ran the Tommie lead to 28-7 with 14:05 remaining in the game.
As good as the Tommie offense was, the defense was just as good, if not better. The Johnnie (3-1 overall, 1-1 MIAC) offense has averaged more than 375 yards per game this season but was held to just 297 Saturday. Linebacker Tim McClanahan said the first two levels of the defense were dominant against the St. John's' offensive line.
“It starts with the nose guard. His job all day was to push the center back, and the (defensive line) dominated all game,” McClanahan said.
On St. John's first possession, McClanahan recovered a fumble by Johnnie quarterback Nick Martin on the 50-yard line. Along with the forced fumble, the Tommies defense intercepted Martin twice and sacked him four times. Defensive back Isaac Seering picked off Martin in the third quarter, while Mozus Ikuenobe ended a Johnnie series in the fourth with a leaping interception. Martin finished Saturday with 252 yards to go along with two picks.
The defense also held reigning MIAC Player of the Year Sam Sura in check. He tallied 74 yards with two rushing touchdowns on 25 attempts. His 1-yard touchdown came late in the second quarter to tie the game 7-7, and his 12-yard score in the fourth made it 28-14. Sura's 74 yards were well below his season average of 126.5 per game this season. Coach Glenn Caruso said it was a team effort to shut down Sura.
“The (defensive line) was making him muddy, but Sura's a great back,” Caruso said. “Other teams have made it muddy. There were no heroes today, there really weren't. There were 11 guys that did their responsibility to the best of their ability and that was it.”
One person who didn't reach his standard of play early was quarterback John Gould. In the first half, the senior went nine for 22 with zero touchdowns and an interception. The prior two games, he threw for 335 and 277 yards and a combined four touchdowns and one interception. Caruso said he trusted Gould against the Johnnies.
“When you pick a starting quarterback, there are not a lot of personnel decisions in your life that are that much more important, maybe choosing my wife and then how we raised our kids and right after that it's selecting your quarterback,” Caruso said. “I trust him, and no one's perfect, and he came back in, and he did a wonderful job.”
The last time the Tommies beat the Johnnies was the last time they were in Collegeville. St. Thomas beat St. John's 43-21 in 2012 but lost the past two seasons at O'Shaughnessy Stadium. McClanahan said it felt great to get redemption.
“We had a lot of guys coming back, a lot of guys who were seniors last year, and I felt bad that we got embarrassed on our field two times in a row … to get this win on their field for (the seniors), it felt pretty good,” McClanahan said.
One person who isn't accustomed to the Tommie-Johnnie experience is Roberts. He transferred from the University of South Dakota after playing for the Coyotes for two seasons. Roberts called the game “a blast.”
“The atmosphere was electric; I had (my seminarians) cheering for me, and it was so fun, and I'll remember it forever, so will all of us,” Roberts said.
Jesse Krull can be reached at krul7386@stthomas.edu.
Related News
Gimnastic 0-0 CD Leganes
Third-placed Nastic and league leaders Leganes served up a goalless draw in this top-of-the-table Liga Adelante showdown, a result which leaves the Madrilenian outfit four points ahead of the Catalans. The hosts spurned an early chance to have got their noses in front when Achille Emana fluffed his lines from the spot, and in spite of Gabriel's 32nd-minute dismissal, Leganes held firm to claim a point and further cement their grip on top spot with four matchdays remaining.
SD Ponferradina 2-1 CD Lugo
Ponferradina bought themselves some breathing room with victory over a Lugo side who slipped down the table for the second week running. Vullnet Basha's 35th-minute strike and Sergio Aguza's second-half penalty clinched an important triumph for the hosts, while David Ferreiro's goal for the visitors ended up counting for nothing.
AD Alcorcon 0-1 D. Alaves
As if it had been written in the stars, it was none other than former Alcorcon player Dani Pacheco who sank his old club. The win, coupled with league leaders Leganes's stalemate away to Nastic, saw Alaves move level on points at the top.
Elche CF 1-1 Girona FC
The spoils were shared in this battle between two playoff pretenders with little to choose between them. Alex Granell's screamer from outside the box opened the scoring nine minutes in, but Carlos Clerc's own goal made it 1-1 with a quarter of an hour to go. Neither side could find a winner, but both remain firmly in the hunt for a playoff spot.
UE Llagostera 1-0 Cordoba CF
Jesus Imaz handed the Catalans victory, as Cordoba paid the ultimate price for their missed chances. Jose Luis Oltra's men, who remain on the edge of the playoff spots, were the better side in the opening 45 minutes, but they failed to make their supremacy count and were undone as Llagostera - lying down in 20th place - claimed a precious three points.
Athletic Club B 0-0 At. Osasuna
The Rojiblancos'second string were relegated following this goalless stalemate with Osasuna at San Mames. Only a win would have done for the Bilbao outfit, and despite them having the best of things throughout, they failed to make their dominance tell.
SD Huesca 2-1 UD Almeria
Huesca emerged victorious against Almeria after a five-minute spell saw the hosts turn the game in their favour. In what was very much a game of two halves, Quique Gonzalez put the visitors ahead on 19 minutes, but subsequent strikes from Tyronne and Alexander Gonzalez saw the Aragon side claim victory.
CD Numancia 2-2 R. Zaragoza
Numancia mounted a sterling comeback to pick up a well-deserved point against Zaragoza in one of the most pulsating games across this weekend's Liga Adelante action. The visitors put themselves into a commanding 2-0 lead after quick-fire strikes from Angel and Manu Lanzarote, but their joy was short-lived after Numancia's Julio Alvarez fired home soon afterwards to halve the deficit. The hosts continued to press for an equaliser and their efforts were rewarded when Iñigo Perez levelled things on 86 minutes. This draw sees Zaragoza remain in the playoff spots, whilst Numancia lose further ground and wave goodbye to their promotion prospects.
R. Oviedo 4-1 CD Mirandes
Oviedo recorded a comfortable victory at the Carlos Tartiere stadium to keep themselves in the playoff positions and maintain their hopes of taking their place in the Liga BBVA next term. Things couldn't have got off to a better start for the Asturians, as Jon Erice sent them on their way with the game just five minutes old. Second-half strikes from Toche, Borja Valle and a Nestor Susaeta spot-kick sealed the win, before Marco Sangalli hit a late consolation for the visitors. This defeat leaves Mirandes well off the pace in the playoff shake-up.
RCD Mallorca 1-0 CD Tenerife
Mallorca's 1-0 triumph over Tenerife saw them earn themselves some breathing space towards the bottom of the table, whilst this reverse puts a dent in the visitors' playoff aspirations. An 80th-minute Alfredo Ortuño header was enough to hand Mallorca a precious three points in their quest to avoid the drop, whilst it leaves the visitors with it all to do to claw themselves back into the promotion mix.
R. Valladolid CF 1-0 Albacete
An early Oscar goal handed Valladolid victory against an Albacete side whose chances of retaining their Liga Adelante status are looking ever more remote. This win sees Valladolid cement their mid-table position, which seems them sitting well off the promotion places and comfortably clear off the drop zone, whilst Albacete lie four points off safety with four games to go.
"There are over 700,000 Americans on some watch list or another that would all be captured" in a Democratic amendment intended to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns.
Democrats' proposed legislation to stop terrorists from buying guns would unintentionally harm the Second Amendment rights of everyday Americans, said presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla.
Rubio and other Senate Republicans voted down legislation that allowed the attorney general to ban "known or suspected dangerous terrorists" from obtaining firearms or explosives. Under current law, thousands of people on the FBI's terrorist watch list have been able to purchase such weapons legally.
But the terrorist watch list sometimes includes people who aren't actually terrorists, Rubio said on CNN's State of the Union Dec. 6, and it would be wrong to deny those people their right to own a gun.
"If these were perfect lists, that would be one thing," he said. "But there are over 700,000 Americans on some watch list or another that would all be captured under this amendment the Democrats offered. And that's the problem."
We wondered if there were really 700,000 Americans who could potentially get caught up on a terrorist watch list and be prevented from buying guns under Democratic legislation.
Rubio's count is way off. The number of Americans on the consolidated terrorist watch list is likely in the thousands, not hundreds of thousands.
We reached out to Rubio's team, but they didn't get back to us.
By the numbers
The FBI's Terrorist Screening Center maintains what is colloquially known as the terrorist watch list. The Terrorist Screening Database is a consolidated collection of information about people known or reasonably suspected to have some level of involvement in terrorist activities. The no-fly list is a subset of the terrorist watch list.
The terrorist watch list is the one the attorney general would pull from when deciding whether someone should be denied a firearm if there's reasonable belief that the person would use that firearm for terrorism, under the Democrats' bill, said Ashley Schapitl, spokeswoman for bill sponsor Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif.
The terrorist watch list pulls information from numerous government agencies in the United States and around the world, so American citizens and legal residents only make up a portion of the list. A pretty small portion, in fact.
A Terrorist Screening Center spokesman declined to comment on the watch list's current size, but we found an estimate on a 2011 FBI fact-sheet that put it at 420,000 individuals. Of those, only about 8,400 were American citizens or legal residents. The no-fly list subset included about 16,000 names, only 500 of whom were Americans.
Current estimates of the number of people on the list -- foreign and American combined -- now hover around 700,000, the number Rubio cited.
But there's no way that the number of Americans on the list has grown to 700,000, said Timothy Edgar, who oversaw civil liberties and national intelligence issues, including the terrorist watch list, under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama.
"Rubio is almost certainly off by orders of magnitude," said Edgar, now a visiting fellow at Brown University.
The number of Americans on the list likely doesn't exceed 10,000, said Martin Reardon, former chief of the FBI Terrorist Screening Center's operations branch.
Some innocent people have been wrongly included in the terrorist watch list or the no-fly list, which can affect their lives in ways such as having to go through extra airport security or being stopped from boarding a plane. But for an American to get on that list by accident is "harder than people think," added Reardon, who is now a vice president at the Soufan Group, a consulting firm.
It's more likely that a person would have the same name as someone who is on the list, and that person could run into problems at the airport if a security agent makes a misidentification, Reardon said. This happened to the late Sen. Ted Kennedy, D-Mass., who once wasn't allowed to fly because he had a similar name to the alias of a suspected terrorist on the no-fly list.
But the problem of same names is less common than it used to be, and there is a reasonably efficient redress process for people to appeal to the government to get their name removed from the terrorist watch list, Edgar noted.
"That shows that the redress process is not a sham, but it also shows that a fairly significant number of people are put on the watchlist by mistake," he said.
Still, it's nowhere close to 700,000 Americans.
Our ruling
Rubio said, "There are over 700,000 Americans on some watch list or another that would all be captured" in a Democratic amendment intended to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns.
Under the Democrats' proposal, the attorney general would have some discretion in denying firearms to people on the FBI's consolidated terrorist watchlist. While it's reasonable to estimate that there are 700,000 people on this list, only a small fraction are American citizens or legal residents. Experts said it's likely that only about 10,000 are Americans, while the rest are foreigners.
We rate Rubio's claim Mostly False.
Geared towards raising awareness of endangered ocean habitats, a new online tool allows viewers an in-depth peek at underwater reefs around the world.
Google Earth has taken us up and out into the universe, and now they are taking us down and under the surface of the sea. The new Google Earth ‘layer' will allow people to experience a ‘virtual dive' under the water at sensitive ocean areas all around the world.[social_buttons]
With a click of the mouse, viewers will be able to access video streams, photo galleries, conservation strategies and local stories specific to that spot. Conservationists working in partnership with Google Inc. unveiled the new technology at the International Union for the Conservation of Nature's (IUCN) world congress in Barcelona.
It seems as though right now the underwater Google plugin is only available for Windows, but I imagine a Mac version won't be far behind.
Google Earth project manager Steve Miller said: “We sat down and said ‘let's open this up, let people around the world who might be passionate about their (marine protected area), who might be passionate about the water in their backyard, let them contribute to this.'”
According to Google Earth, a main goal of the project is to bring hard science to the general public's attention in an interesting and entertaining way. By providing images and information about these critical areas, Google is hoping to raise global awareness about the current threats facing our world's oceans.
Currently there are about 4,500 ocean areas around the world that have been designated as protected areas. This designation means that bans or restrictions on fishing and other commercial and recreational activities have protected local marine life. Not all 4,500 areas are accessible through Google Earth.
The IUCN also launched an online web portal this year called Protect Planet Ocean, where viewers can find information on the critical importance of protected marine environments.
At the same IUCN conference, National Geographic revealed their WildCam Belize Reef project, a live underwater video feed of a coral reef off the coast of Belize. WildCam Belize is the latest addition to National Geographic's WildCam project that offers streaming live footage of animals and habitats around the world.
Sources: Practical Fishkeeping
Photo: Wikimedia Commons
LSU football practice: defensive end Isaiah Washington
LSU defensive end Isaiah Washington at practice in Baton Rouge on Thursday, March 10, 2016. (Photo by Chris Granger, Nola.com | The Times-Picayune)
(CHRIS GRANGER)
LSU defensive end Isaiah Washington has been ruled academically ineligible and will not practice for the rest of the spring, a source said Thursday.
The source said Washington fell below the minimum course load after he dropped a class. This is the same reason cornerback Donte Jackson was ruled ineligible last spring. He was able to rejoin the team after the spring semester completed.
Washington, a rising redshirt sophomore, missed the entire 2016 season due to knee injuries.
The Karr product played six games with no starts as a true freshman in 2015. He made three tackles with one forced fumble.
Staff writer Andrew Lopez contributed to this report.
A heavyweight matchup with title implications is headed to Dublin for UFC Fight Night 76.
Stipe Miocic (13-2 MMA, 7-2 UFC) and Ben Rothwell (35-9 MMA, 5-3 UFC) will meet on the Oct. 24 card headlined by a lightweight matchup between Dustin Poirier and Joseph Duffy, multiple sources confirmed to MMAjunkie.
The sources requested anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the booking publicly.
UFC Fight Night 76 takes place at 3Arena in Dublin. The complete card is expected to stream on UFC Fight Pass.
Miocic is ranked No. 4 and Rothwell No. 7 in the latest NOS Energy Drink MMA heavyweight rankings.
Miocic was under consideration for a title shot as recently as June, when UFC President Dana White said the next challenger to current champ Fabricio Werdum's crown would be Miocic or ex-champ Andrei Arlovski (24-10 MMA, 13-4 UFC).
But Arlovski was recently booked to face fellow ex-champ Frank Mir in September at UFC 191, leaving Miocic as the contender apparent – until now.
Miocic most recently put a beatdown on Mark Hunt in May at UFC Fight Night 65, which earned him consideration from White after a close decision loss to ex-champ Junior Dos Santos this past December.
Rothwell, meanwhile, is in the midst of career resurgence with three straight wins, all stoppages. Most recently, he submitted Matt Mitrione and gave a colorful post-fight speech, calling for a rematch with Arlovski, who stopped him via TKO in 2008 under the now-defunct Affliction banner.
With the addition, UFC Fight Night 76 now includes:
Joseph Duffy vs. Dustin Poirier
Stipe Miocic vs. Ben Rothwell
Tom Breese vs. Cathal Pendred
Scott Askham vs. Krzysztof Jotko
Reza Madadi vs. Norman Parke
Bubba Bush vs. Garreth McLellan
Paddy Holohan vs. Louis Smolka
For more on UFC Fight Night 76, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
There's some Steve Jobs understudy shit going on today, as you've probably seen. Our friends at Gizmodo have a very full and technical explanation of what happened today. But if you don't really care about tech specs and just want to know if this stuff is good or bullshit, we've got something for you.
Apple Watch
Should you buy this thing? HAHA NO! The Apple Watch is a niche gadget for nerds who really want to playact '70s science fiction scenarios. You can use this thing to check into hotels and as your room key, to check weather, check Twitter or airline info, or ask Siri about the temperature—all things that are MUCH easier to do on your phone, where you aren't at the mercy of tiny little watchface controls and spray-and-pray voice control. This is a thing you buy if you are willing to spend hundreds of dollars to solve a problem whose previous solution was reaching into your fucking pocket and taking out your phone.
Or more succinctly: WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO USE INSTAGRAM ON YOUR WATCH? THE PHOTOS ARE ALREADY SMALL AS SHIT.
Of course, you could have said all this before today and of basically all smartwatches. Anything cool about Apple's Apple Watch watch? (Great name, assholes.) HAHA NO! The most unique thing this watch has is the ability to tap the screen and make your friend's watch buzz. Great. Apple Watch: The ultimate tool for trolling friends until they take off their $500 watch, and I guess a pathetic if halfway-effective sex toy stand-in. This is more useful for the kids standing lookout in The Wire than it is for a human being.
Can you get away with wearing it?
The fashion crowd has pretty much settled on this thing being okay as a watch you're seen wearing around, which is fine but probably reliant on more fashion fluency than the average Apple Watch buyer has. But that's for wearing it, not using it. Using it is going to be you, hunched down squinting at a watch face, flicking widgets around like you're trying to molest them. Did I mention you can do all this shit on your phone? Which you already have?
Advertisement
More functionality and sex appeal than the Apple Watch
That fucking price
Oh, and the price. This thing costs anywhere from $350 to $1100 in standard configurations, which include 42mm and 38mm sizes, and some 32k 18k gold bullshit. To put this into context, here's a brief, recent history: As smartphones shifted from luxury to standard issue, a company called Vertu rose to some prominence in gadget circles. It charged exorbitant prices for phones that were gold-plated and inlaid with gems. (You can buy a $12,500 red alligator phone here.) Everyone made fun of this as a concept because phones are deliberately ephemeral; you get rid of them every few years. Software and its attendant hardware requirements move on and you're given a subsidy to replace the old model and get the new one. Ruby-inlaid phones are for fucking psychopaths with an oil fortune or something. You can pay $1000 for a watch if you have the money and don't have anything better to do with it, but spending $1000 for a watch you will have to replace in a year or two is fucking insane. A $1000 disposable watch is what happens when a bubble-laden cul-de-sac in northern California is usurped by a bald maniac in the back seat of a Bentley and his Baby Gap t-shirts cut off bloodflow to his brain. There's also a configuration that costs $17,000*.
Advertisement
Anything else, dickheads?
What else should you know? The "all-day" and "18-hour" battery life stuff is probably not true, and it's more like 5 hours of using it often, and like all batteries—like your fucking iPhone that was basically okay when you got it, but now, maybe 15 months later, drains something like 13 percent reading one article and barely makes it through an evening out even if you charged it at your desk at work—it will decay over time. You'll have email on your wrist, because your pocket was too far away from your face to cause a reflexive anxiety panic. You can use a fucking Mickey Mouse watch face, or tell time by watching rose petals move, or something. You can take calls. You can send drawings of your heartbeat to your friends. You can get all the notifications.
There are also some videos about how cool the materials are, meaning Apple used some very cool aluminium and steel—way cooler than regular aluminium or steel. (Generally, talking about materials is something you do when you've made something really awesome and you want to explain how you did it, not for when you made a fucking gold-plated double decker couch.)
Advertisement
Are the materials really as pure and delightful as the ads say? Fuck, I don't know, maybe they are. Maybe John Goodman's sphincter tastes like gourmet peanut brittle. Kind of beside the larger point, in both cases.
Anyway, probably don't buy this thing.
Advertisement
MacBook
Oh yeah, Apple made a new MacBook. It's thinner, and it comes in gold now because the downfall of great nations is often gilded in golden luxuries. Basically, this is a computer for people who already have a computer on which they can do Work, but want a second, luxury computer on which to, I don't know, read some blog posts? It's a computer for people who want to use their computer for things that they might also use an iPad for, but in computer form.
The main thing is that this computer is smaller than the old MacBook Airs, which are already very small, and comes with a retina screen, which I am sure is very nice. It's got a new keyboard that Apple says is better to type on (but appears to have a shallower key press, so that will probably be down to taste), a clickier trackpad, and through a series of technical contortions like dense circuitry and the removal of a fan, it runs very quiet.
Advertisement
But the thing you should pay attention to is the processor, which is an Intel Core M Broadwell CPU. What does this mean? Basically, this is a slower processor that you'd usually see in a tablet or other mobile or hybrid computer, which means the new MacBook is deliberately hamstrung so that it can get longer battery life (and stay cool enough to not need that fan). It's possible that this is fine, but the last time Apple made a new computer that was smaller and prettier and more expensive and less powerful than its other computers was the original MacBook Air, which was impressive technically but also garbage to use. There is a point of Good Enough in technology, where the excess of Tech Specs can be trimmed back to make something more efficient and usable, but with the bumps Apple made to the MacBook Air—a computer on which you can do Work—you can guess that for now Apple just sees this thing as a very pretty iPad Keyboard Case. Yours starting at $1300 or $1600! Probably don't buy this, either.
Top image via Getty; Super Mario 3 watch image via Gallery Hip
The latest case of a popular YouTube blogger being sued for using music by other artists in her videos without permission raises the question of who really benefits from the re-use of music.
In a claim filed this month, the electronic dance music label Ultra Records allege that beauty blogger Michelle Phan's videos infringe their copyrights in nearly 50 cases.
Phan is a self-made internet star who began posting makeup and self-help tutorials on YouTube in 2007. She has more than 6.7 million subscribers on her YouTube channel and has made a career from the associated advertising and endorsement revenue, book deal and even her own line of makeup.
Where's the harm?
Ultra Records want a slice of this pie, and here's where things get interesting.
In copyright cases, courts try to work out how much harm has been caused by the infringing uses. Sometimes, this is not easy ― some infringements might actually promote and boost sales for the artists whose work is used.
Phan argues that her intention has always been to “promote other artists, creating a platform for their work to be showcased to an international audience”.
At least one of Ultra's artists agree. Kaskade, a Grammy-nominated artist whose songs feature in many of Phan's videos and are central to many of Ultra's claims, has publicly defended Phan in a recent Tweet.
Kaskade's support of Phan is not surprising, and not the first time he has spoken out against his label (now owned by Sony).
Last month he described copyright law as “a dinosaur, ill-suited for the landscape of today's media”. Kaskade was frustrated after Soundcloud's automated algorithms mistakenly removed his music for copyright infringement.
Damned by default
Ultra does have one advantage over Phan. When courts in the US are unable to calculate the harm caused, they can rely on a default penalty of up to US$150,000 for each infringement.
This explains, for example, why record labels have been able to win extravagant claim such as the US$1.5 million award against Jammie Thomas-Rasset for filesharing 24 songs (eventually reduced to US$222,000).
Ultra is asking for damages of at least US$15 million for Phan's use of their music (because the copyrights are divided between two companies, both Ultra Records and its publishing arm, Ultra International Music Publishing are able to make separate claims for the same songs).
This is a fallback position - they are hoping that a court will assess their share of the profits from Phan's videos, viewed 150 million times, at an even higher rate.
Phan's spokesperson has stated that Phan did actually have Ultra's permission to use the works and now intends to file a counterclaim against the label. All of the facts will eventually come out as the case proceeds to trial.
How labels embraced copyright on YouTube
In a way, the most surprising thing about this lawsuit is that it's happening at all. In many cases these days, labels tolerate and even encourage the use of their music on YouTube videos.
Even companies such as Disney have learnt to take a more relaxed approach to what is technically copyright infringement.
Fans of the smash hit Frozen created more than 60,000 covers of the song Let it Go, and Disney has generally opted not to sue or take down the videos on YouTube.
Twenty-year-old singer and makeup artist Kota Wade derives a good proportion of her primary income through use of Disney's intellectual property. Her YouTube channel has more 74,000 subscribers, and her most popular videos include her covers of songs from Frozen and makeup tutorials on how to look like princesses from the film.
Disney has not taken any action against Wade and appears to have embraced YouTube's role in increasing demand for its films.
Monty Python came to a similar conclusion. Rather than continue to fight fans who unlawfully uploaded their videos, the com chose to create their own official channel on YouTube. Unsurprisingly, sales of their DVD box-set soared as a result.
Over the years, YouTube has also worked hard to find ways for copyright owners to split the advertising revenue from viral videos that contain their music. Copyright owners often have the choice to split the advertising revenue instead of taking infringing videos down.
These options help everyone win. Labels and musicians get a share of the advertising revenue and increased exposure, creators are able to publish their videos and sometimes make even make a living from them, and the public gets access to a wealth of creativity.
A lose-lose case?
By contrast, nobody wins when these cases go to court.
As social media continues to become more and more valuable in promoting music and more YouTube entrepreneurs are able to make a living from their videos, we are likely to see more of these problems emerge.
It's likely that pro-bloggers can look after their own commercial interests in these disputes. But we should be more worried about ensuring that copyright laws and business practices enable amateurs to thrive and sometimes to make the entrepreneurial move to becoming self-made social media stars.
We can only hope that better licensing mechanisms can be developed so that those involved can come to mutually beneficial agreements.
Man stabbed on street in South of Market area of SF
San Francisco Police officers were investigating a stabbing Monday morning on Sixth Street between Mission and Jessie streets. San Francisco Police officers were investigating a stabbing Monday morning on Sixth Street between Mission and Jessie streets. Photo: Filipa Ioannou / The Chronicle / / Photo: Filipa Ioannou / The Chronicle / / Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Man stabbed on street in South of Market area of SF 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
A street confrontation Monday morning left a man stabbed in the leg in the South of Market neighborhood of San Francisco, police said.
Police were called to Sixth Street between Mission and Jessie streets just after 8 a.m., according to Officer Giselle Talkoff, a spokeswoman for the San Francisco Police Department.
A man in his 20s was slashed in the legs and was found bleeding on the sidewalk, police said.
The man was transported to a hospital, but no specifics on his condition were immediately available, Talkoff said.
The two blocks of Sixth Street between Mission and Market streets were closed to vehicle traffic as police canvassed the area for potential witnesses.
“It does appear that they have a suspect in custody,” Talkoff said.
Further details of the stabbing were not immediately available.
“Never a dull day on Sixth Street,” one passerby observed as he shuffled past the police tape on Mission Street.
Filipa Ioannou is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: fioannou@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @obioannoukenobi
Many of you probably already know the DannyChoo.com brand and have enjoyed reading about Japan life along with Figure reviews and dancing Stormtrooper video action.
Recently, Shibuya246 has joined in a Tokyo Live Blogging project that is being run at DannyChoo.com with some other members. Live posts are made whilst out and about from an iPhone and generally take a 1 photo shot look at life in Japan during our day.
Currently participating in the Live Blogging project are
The full introduction of Live Bloggers can be seen at DannyChoo.com here.
You can see the updates for Tokyo Live Blogging from the front page of DannyChoo.com. You can also subscribe to the RSS feed, and see a snapshot of posts further inside the DannyChoo.com site.
More Collaboration
Shibuya246 has also been collaborating with the DannyChoo.com site in a few other ways. Recently, I went out to see Danny's BBC filming at Akihabara and took some pictures.
Also, you can see them on Shibuya246 and in the Flickr account. Feel free to use these photos and any other photos from Shibuya246 in your blogging, as long as you provide a link back.
You can expect some more collaborative projects in the future for photo shoots, live blogging, and maybe some super top secret surprise projects as well.
More Information
Share this: Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Taking the stand in his trial for allegedly waterboarding his stepdaughter, now 12, Melvin Morse doubled down on his hair-washing defense. The 60-year-old former pediatrician from Delaware testified Monday that both he and her mother became exasperated trying to wash the girl's hair after she started taking showers instead of baths. The girl was about 8 years old at the time.
"Always the problem is soaping up her hair and it gets in her eyes and she doesn't want the water on her hair to get the soap out of it," Morse said, adding that the girl's mother, Pauline Morse, had given up trying, according to the Associated Press.
"It pretty much was always a thrash," Morse testified. Morse added that he tried no more than four or five times before he gave up, too.
"I did say to her, 'I'm not waterboarding you.... This isn't some kind of torture,' " he told jurors at his Georgetown trial, using a term that both Pauline Morse and the girl have testified that he used at home.
Background according to AP: The girl, now 12, and her mother have testified that Morse used hair-washing as a threat or punishment when she misbehaved. Morse could face more than 20 years in prison if convicted on all charges.
Laurel Braunstein, a social worker for the state attorney general's office, testified Monday that the girl told prosecutors in September 2012 that Morse waterboarded her by taking the spray attachment in the kitchen sink and spraying water up her nose, causing her pain.
"She said once or twice she felt like she was going to die," Braunstein said.
Morse also testified that the girl's behavioral problems worsened after 2007, when she was sexually molested by a female relative, who is also accused of holding the girl by her ankle and trying to drop her from a second-floor stair railing.
"She certainly was angry at us for not protecting her," he said.
Who do you believe in this sordid case? Tell us in the comments.
The popular English alternative rock band Florence And The Machine have just announced their first shows of 2015. In a post via Facebook the band said that they would be playing at the Hurricane and Southside Festivals. The two events take place on June 19th to the 21st and are located in Germany.
Joining Flo on the recently announced line up are Placebo, Alt-J, Noel Gallaghers High Flying Birds, The Gaslight Anthem, NOFX, Parov Stelar Band, Future Islands, Milky Chance, All-Time Low and more. The annual events share the same line ups and the acts play on whatever day they are not booked on the opposite festival.
Florence's appearance on the line up is a welcome sign as she has been very quit for the last year or two. She played a short acoustic set this year as part of Neil Young's annual charity event the Bridge School Benefit Concert. Other then that there has been no news on a new world tour until now. Hopefully this announcement means that Flo and her band will begin to shake off the dust and get back on the road for next year with a more extensive tour.
Advertisements
Construction has started in south Edmonton on a multi-million dollar, state-of-the-art soccer complex.
Known as the Edmonton Soccer Dome, the $7-million air-supported structure will boast the first full-size indoor field for soccer in the city.
"This will be the biggest sports dome in all of Canada and it's a great addition to Edmonton," said Antony Bent, the facility's general manager. "This really is going to be a megaproject."
Antony Bent describes the soccer dome as a megaproject and the largest of its kind in Canada. (Trevor Wilson/CBC) The giant dome, 25 metres tall, is being built by the Edmonton Scottish Society on its 8.5 hectares of land at 3105 101st St. SW.
It will be 152 metres long and 82 metres wide.
Scottish society members have been dreaming of an indoor facility for several years because of a crunch in finding indoor playing time in winter.
"Facility space and the times at which facilities are available quite often are after 9 p.m. and 10 p.m., and that's tough for young families," said Kevin Poissant, technical director of the Edmonton Scottish United soccer club.
Poissant said earlier plans for a traditional-style building were too costly but the idea of an air-supported structure brought the dream within reach.
A construction crew recently broke ground for what will be Canada's largest indoor soccer dome. The United Scottish Soccer Club's Kevin Poissant talks about what the air-supported structure will mean for Edmonton soccer enthusiasts. 1:15 He likens the dome to a giant air balloon with the covering fabric held up by blowing air and held in place by cabling.
There's already been interested in the space from a number of leagues and clubs that have sometimes played in gymnasiums because of the lack of available indoor space, he said.
Poissant believes the new centre, which is also being kitted out with high-tech indoor turf at a cost of $1 million, will be a huge boost for the development of players in the city.
"If we're in a gymnasium space or a smaller artificial turf space, players can't work on simple things like longer ball striking. If you're in a gymnasium, the longest you can strike a ball might be 12 to 15 yards," said Poissant.
The Scottish society said it has received $2.9 million in grants from the City of Edmonton for its project and the rest is being financed through a bank loan.
But the society is confident of making money. The design allows for the full-size field to split into four mini fields to allow for several smaller games to be played at the same time.
A rendering of the dome shows the PVC fabric roof held up by air pressure and stabilized by cables. (Edmonton Scottish Society) The plans also include a two-lane running track around the pitch.
Rugby, lacrosse and Ultimate — the team sport played with a flying disc — could make the facility work for them, Poissant noted.
Construction started Oct. 19 after a development permit was approved by the city.
Synthetic cannabis medical trial to treat Victorian children with severe epilepsy
Posted
Victorian children with severe epilepsy will take part in an international clinical trial examining the medicinal benefits of synthetic cannabis.
Key points: Children with severe epilepsy will take part in cannabis trial
The 10 participants must have unsuccessfully tried 3 anti-epileptic drugs
The trial is partly funded by the Victorian Government
Parliament will debate legalising Victorian-grown medicinal cannabis
Ten children will initially be involved in the Austin Health trial, which will focus on finding the right dose of the drug developed by an American pharmaceutical company.
Austin Health's Professor Ingrid Scheffer said there were anecdotal reports of medicinal cannabis easing the suffering of epileptic children, but doctors did not know how effective it was.
"What we need is definite answers," she said.
"I hope it works and I hope it will help lots of the children I look after with severe epilepsy."
Under the trial, some patients will receive the synthetic cannabidiol, which comes in a liquid form, and others a placebo.
After three months, all of the participants will be given the drug and the data analysed to see if it made a difference.
Professor Scheffer said the use of a synthetic form of the drug meant researchers could be certain about what their patients were taking.
"This will be very pure, we'll know what they'll get and we'll know if it works and that's the answer we want - does this really help?" she said.
Synthetic cannabis different to party drug
The synthetic cannabis also differs to the dangerous recreational form of the drug that has been linked to the deaths of party-goers.
"THC is the psychoactive component and that's the part that's used at parties and to get high," Professor Scheffer said.
"We're not giving THC, and that's another reason the synthetic compound is exciting."
To be eligible to take part in the trial, children must have tried three anti-epileptic dugs that have failed to treat their condition.
We're very hopeful that it means we can have a seizure-free life. D'Lene Johnson
Nicholas Johnson, 14, hopes to be one of those chosen to take part in the study.
He suffers from Double Cortex Syndrome and has potentially dangerous seizures every day, with spasms lasting up to 30 minutes.
His mother D'Lene Johnson said he had tried the spectrum of medications available for childhood epilepsy, but his seizures were becoming more frequent.
"It's hard to monitor when it's going to happen, but certainly we're planning our day around his seizure activity," she said.
"This trial is certainly something we're hoping will be our success story.
"We're very hopeful that it means we can have a seizure-free life."
Professor Scheffer said she saw many families who resorted to sourcing their own backyard tinctures - liquid extracts from cannabis - in a desperate bid to help their child.
"Some are getting it from overseas, others are getting it from people's backyard, others are growing it themselves, but there are absolutely no checks and balances," she said.
"We don't know what they're getting, we don't know whether it's got a lot of THC which could be damaging the child's brain, so these trials are essential for good medicine."
If the trial is successful, doctors hope patients will be able to take the drug for many years.
Researchers later plan to hold specific drug trials for Dravet and Lennox-Gastaut syndromes.
Government part-funding medicinal cannabis trial
The Victorian Government is contributing $150,000 to the trial.
It has already embarked on a state-based cannabis cultivation trial as part of its push to legalise marijuana to treat serious medical conditions including epilepsy, cancer, multiple sclerosis, HIV/AIDS and chronic pain.
The Parliament will debate a bill to legalise Victorian-grown medicinal cannabis next week.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews said he had seen firsthand how the drug could change lives.
"No family should ever have to choose between breaking the law and watching their child suffer," he said.
Topics: cannabis, drug-use, epilepsy, diseases-and-disorders, health, children, state-parliament, melbourne-3000, heidelberg-3084
Facebook Twitter Reddit Google+
Original story, as posted October 5, 2015.
Updates below.
You will soon hear news of another brewery acquisition. This time involving two local Washington breweries. An announcement is expected Tuesday from American Brewing Company of Edmonds and Pacific Brewing and Malting of Tacoma.
American Brewing of Edmonds is now owned by Pacific Brewing of Tacoma. The two companies recently reached an agreement that will see Pacific Malting and Brewing acquire the larger American Brewing Company.
Both companies will continue operations, and their existing brands and beers will continue to be available.
American Brewing Company is different than most craft breweries. The company went public in August of 2014 when common shares were approved for listing on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB). As a publicly traded company, decisions about the company's direction do not necessarily rest in the hands of an individual.
Earlier this year American Brewing acquired Búcha, a brand of organic sparkling kombucha drinks. The acquisition by Pacific Brewing does not involve American Brewing's non-alcoholic beverages, which will now operate as a separate company.
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
According to Neil Fallon, the CEO of American Brewing, it had become increasingly difficult for the brewing company and the functional beverage company to operate under the same ownership. A functional beverage defined as a drink product that is non-alcoholic and includes in its formulation ingredients such as herbs, vitamins, minerals, amino acids or additional raw fruit or vegetables.
Understandably, there are difficulties with a non-alcoholic beverage company operating within, or as part of, an alcoholic beverage company. The deal with Pacific Brewing frees the functional beverages company to focus entirely on the non-alcoholic business, something about which Fallon says he is excited.
“We're thrilled,” said Brent Hall, co-owner of Pacific Malting and Brewing. “I've known Neil for a long time, and I am familiar with American's strong brands and history. This will accelerate our business plan by three or four years. It will allow us to move into a production facility immediately and increase capacity.”
For Pacific Brewing, the deal comes with many advantages, including existing distributor relationships and product positioning in the retail market, not to mention a larger brewery. The brewery in Edmonds will function as the production facility and the brewery in Tacoma will function as the pilot, small-batch brewery. American Brewing's beers will still be branded as such. Likewise, Pacific Brewing's beer will still be branded as such.
There will be no changes to the personnel at the two breweries. Adam Frantz will continue to work as the brewer at American Brewing in Edmonds. The plan is for the brewery taproom in Edmonds to remain open. Bethany Carlson will brew the beer at Pacific Brewing and Steve Navarro, the co-owner and head brewer at Pacific Brewing, will assume a supervisory role at both breweries as the Director of Operations.
Skip Madsen, the award-winning head brewer at American Brewing, parted ways with the company several months ago. He recently accepted a position with Enchanted Circle Brewing in New Mexico.
So what's next?
American Brewing will continue to produce the brands with which you are familiar at the brewery in Edmonds. Moving forward, that brewery will also produce Pacific Malting and Brewing beers.
Pacific Malting and Brewing will continue to operate in Tacoma.
Brent Hall says that capitol expansion is certain. This move allows them to immediately begin to grow both brands. So, two local breweries are now one. Pacific Brewing Company now owns and operates American Brewing.
All of this is pending final approval from the Washington State Liquor Control Board, which must approve the new ownership group. In Washington, brewery ownership cannot simply be transferred from one brewery to another; the new ownership group must be approved. Given the fact that the new ownership group is an existing brewery ownership group, that part of the deal seems a foregone conclusion. Neither Neil Fallon nor Brent Hall expect any problems.
UPDATE posted October 6, 2015:
Here is the official announcement from Pacific Brewing and Malting Company:
PACIFIC BREWING & MALTING CO. AGREES TO ACQUIRE AMERICAN BREWING COMPANY
TACOMA, WA — Pacific Brewing & Malting Co, LLC, of Tacoma, Washington has announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with American Brewing Company, of Edmonds, Washington to acquire its brewery and related business operations. The consummation of the transaction is subject to typical and customary conditions to closing, including approval by the Washington State Liquor and Cannabis Board of PB&M's application to assume American's brewery license.
“We are excited about the opportunity to continue the tradition of innovation that American has started,” exclaims PB&M co-owner Brent Hall. “The addition of the American brand will complement our growth strategy and give us a larger presence in Washington craft beer.”
The respective breweries and taprooms will co-exist and grow together and the efficiencies created by merging certain aspects the two operations will be advantageous for both brands.
“We have been working towards expanding our brewing operations and our goal has always been to invest in a production brewery,” explains PB&M co-owner Steve Navarro. “This deal gives us the opportunity to increase our production capacity in the near term and bring our beers to a more diverse and widespread market.”
Neil Fallon, CEO of American Brewing Company, says this is the right move for his publicly traded company and is excited that the brewery will be in good hands.
“With our recent purchase of bùcha™ live kombucha, our focus has been shifted to functional beverages on a national level. It became clear that the demands of a publicly traded company were not well suited for a small local craft brewery. For example, investors living all over the country cannot buy our beer in their local markets. This hinders the growth of the stock and frustrates shareholders. We immediately recognized that moving the brewery out of the public company would benefit both the brewery itself and the remaining public company. It does so by allowing a long time business partner and friend to take the reins of the brewery and infuse new capital and attention to strengthen our already established local presence while allowing me to laser focus the public company in the health segment and better respond to shareholder desires. We built this brewery from the ground up, and appreciate that it will continue to be operated by another local craft brewery that shares our values in producing award winning craft beers. “
Steve Navarro sums everything up perfectly.
“This is going to be a lot of fun.”
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has criticised UEFA for rewarding 'failure' after two Champions League exiles contested this season's Europa League final.
• Brewin at Amsterdam ArenA
• Kundert: Cruel, cruel game - what now for Benfica?
• Delaney: Rafa's controlled style the key
• Benitez proud of Europa success
Chelsea defeated Portuguese giants Benfica 2-1 in the showpiece event of Europe's second tier competition, adding the Europa League crown to the Champions League title they won last year.
However, both Chelsea and Benfica started their European adventure in the Champions League, falling short in their attempts to qualify for the knockout stages only to be handed a life-line in the Europa League.
And Wenger has pointed to the success of Arsenal's Premier League rivals, and their vanquished foe, as examples of how mediocre results could be turned into silverware.
"You have two teams in the final who were in the Champions League, their target at the start of the season was the Champions League, not to win the Europa League," said Wenger.
"We raised that question many times at UEFA: is it right to reward teams basically for failure?
"Every year now, in the Europa League, you have two teams who have been not failures, but who have been (first) in the Champions League.
"The teams who go through in the Champions League to the last 16 don't have a chance after.
"If you go out in the last 16 (of the Champions League), you don't drop into the Europa League.
"If you don't qualify (from the group stage), you have a chance of winning the Europa League.
"If I had won the Europa League like Chelsea I would have been happy as well.
"It is a trophy, but, overall, it raises the question."
Wenger said the rule that allowed teams who do not qualify from the Champions League group stage to stay alive in the Europe created an unfair balance in the Europa League.
"You can say that many teams who start the Europa League fight together, then, in the middle of the competition, some come in and suddenly they are all potential winners, but they didn't start the competition, they were in another competition," the Gunners boss said.
And despite acknowledging Chelsea's success, the Frenchman believed the Blues were given a helping hand in claiming the title.
"Congratulations to Chelsea," he said. "It looks even more fantastic because they have won the Champions League and the Europa League in two seasons, but usually that cannot happen."
Information from the Press Association was used in this report.
Image copyright Google Image caption Plymouth, shown in the correct position on Google Maps, was described as being in the North West
The Department for Transport has defended the geographical knowledge of its staff after several blunders appeared in an official announcement.
The mistakes included saying Manchester was in the North East of England, Leicestershire in the South East and Plymouth was in the North West.
The government department blamed a "data source issue".
However, the document was emailed to journalists before anyone spotted the mistakes.
Image copyright Google Image caption Manchester was described as being in the North East
The blunders were in a press release announcing millions of pounds of investment in green transport projects across the English regions.
Telford and Wrekin Council, located in the West Midlands region, was described as being in the East of England.
Greater Manchester, located in the North West, was described as being in the North East.
Warrington, in the North West, was described as being in the North East.
Northumberland, in the North East, was described as being in the North West.
Plymouth, in the South West, was described as being in the North West.
Leicestershire, in the East Midlands, was described as being in the South East.
Hampshire, in the South East, was described as being in the South West.
The Isle of Wight, in the South East, was described as being in the South West.
A member of staff at the department suggested the errors were down to a mix-up in "sorting and formulating options".
The department insisted to the BBC that its staff were aware of the locations of places in England.
A Department for Transport spokesman said: "This was advance information given to the BBC regional team to help them plan.
"As they helpfully observed there were some errors in a table - a column showing regions had got jumbled up.
"The actual map published today showing the Local Sustainable Transport Fund allocations puts the locations where you would expect to find them."
As momentum builds for this month's release of the new Star Wars film, so too does the fan excitement level. On December 18, join a massive battle of Jedi vs. Sith in San Francisco along the Embarcadero to celebrate opening weekend of Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens.
This unique event runs 8-11pm and costs $10 to reserve one lightsaber. Pick a side of the force and use the venerable, ancient, glowing tool in the ultimate nocturnal showdown. Each lightsaber changes up to six colors and is about three feet long.
Participants can pick up lightsabers at the event. Please note, half of the lightsabers have already been reserved so don't delay! After all the sabers have been distributed, attendees will gather, split into Jedi and Sith, and the battle will begin.
Also on Friday, there will be an “Homage Montage”, an all day professional lightsaber demonstration with stage combat performances by LightsaberAcademy.com‘s local team, the Golden Gate Knights. Following the evening battle, there will be an afterparty called The Bass Awakens at Mighty. Attendees are encourages dressing as your favorite Star Wars character. Purchase tickets here.
The organizer's first SF event was earlier this year: a 500-person bubble blowing party in Dolores Park. Organizers hope to make the lightsaber battle an annual event.
We spoke briefly with Kevin Bracken, co-founder of Newmindspace, who is coordinating the event.
How did you start organizing these events?
Newmindspace was founded in Toronto in 2005 to create massive, living installations out of thousands of people. We also do giant pillow fights, huge urban games, parties on subway cars and more.
We love to try anything where we can get a thousand people together to do something fun and free in public space. Our goals are to create beautiful social happenings, reclaim public space, and get people to rethink how they use public spaces.
Our modus operandi is always the same: take a favorite childhood activity and multiply the number of participants by 100. We actually started doing this event because we were inspired by how children like to sword fight with cardboard tubes after the Christmas presents are wrapped!
Who is your favorite Star Wars character and why?
Qui-Gon Jinn – he is super underrated but basically he is the only one who has the cojones to stand up to the Jedi council, who are kind of a bunch of conservative goody-goodies.
What are you most excited about the upcoming Star Wars film?
I echo a lot of peoples' sentiments that the Kylo Ren mystery is super compelling. I don't think he is Luke, though. I will be seeing it in San Francisco of course!
Related: Win Tickets to the Star Wars premier the day before its official release
Anthony Riley, a contestant on the eighth and most recent season of NBC's The Voice, was found dead on Friday. The 28-year-old Philadelphia resident, who gained prominence when he earned one of the fastest acceptances in the singing competition's history, had apparently been dead since Tuesday. The cause of death appears to be suicide.
Riley, who utilized his powerful singing voice in his career as a street performer, abruptly left the program in the middle of the competition, citing personal reasons. It was later revealed that he had entered a two-week substance abuse program, and in March said he had no plans to audition again for the show.
Advertisement
Riley earned his place on the show with a stunningly energetic rendition of James Brown's “I Got You (I Feel Good),” viewable below. Voice judge Pharrell Williams dubbed the performance “electric.”
Equifax Data Breach Due to Negligence
Louis Powers Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 14, 2017
News of the Equifax data breach broke last week sending ripples across the global cybersecurity community. This data breach is arguably the most severe private data breach to date. Some 143 million Americans' private data was exposed and stolen. Social security numbers credit card numbers composed the majority of the data breach.
When non-public information is stolen from an organization, very often cyberattackers will auction off the sensitive data across clandestine, anonymous Dark Net markets. The purchasers can then use the stolen data to conduct identity fraud, financial fraud, or perform targeted attacks against individuals. In general, data breaches are very dangerous.
The Equifax data breach lasted from Mid-May throughout July 2017. Although the incident is still under investigation, some information has been made public. The breach included the loss of 143 million records, and serves as a reminder that every link in the software supply chain must be continuously monitored by information security programs.
Humans have explored only a tiny, tiny fraction of the universe, so we can't rule out the possibility objects exist out there that we haven't seen yet — even giant planets right in our backyard.
You can divvy up the Solar System into four parts: the inner rocky planets, the Asteroid Belt, the gas giants, and a huge cluster of small icy bodies called the Kuiper Belt. Some of those icy chunks in the Kuiper Belt are big enough to count as dwarf planets (like Pluto and Eris).
Now scientists think something bigger — perhaps four times bigger than Earth — is lurking out there, just beyond the Kuiper Belt.
“I think there are definitely things out there bigger than Pluto that are yet to be discovered,” Scott Sheppard, an astronomer at the Carnegie Institution, told the Washington Post.
Sheppard worked on a paper published in the journal Nature in 2014 that describes the discovery a mystery object on the fringe of the Kuiper Belt. The astronomers nicknamed it “Biden.” It's no bigger than a dwarf planet, and they estimate that it's three times the distance that Pluto is from Earth, or roughly 9 billion miles away.
In fact, there's evidence that quite a few of these mystery objects, none of them larger than a dwarf planet, drifting at the fringes of the Kuiper Belt, according to the paper. And they aren't just randomly floating around out there: They all appear to follow a similar orbital pattern, albeit a really strange one.
This means it's possible some especially large, really distant planet — called a “perturber” in Sheppard's study — is massive enough that its gravity can tug Biden and the other mystery objects into a similar path through space. Unlike Biden, the “perturber” could be four times the size of Earth.
If this giant “Planet X” exists, we probably haven't spotted it because it's so far away. At such a great distance it would appear 200 times fainter than the Sun appears from Earth. Or there might be some entirely different explanation for why those mystery objects appear to have the same orbital pattern. The bottom line is that the researchers don't know enough yet.
The researchers based their observations on only 12 of these outer Kuiper Belt objects, and the orbital pattern they appear to follow might vanish with future observations. In other words, it might just be a coincidence they all seem to follow a similar path.
Since Sheppard first announced distant objects in 2014, however, he's found more — and they, too, follow the same pattern. So that's more evidence that “Planet X” does exist. Of course we won't know for sure until someone spots it, but right now it seems like the most plausible explanation.
“There is a not insignificant chance that there are Earth-mass or larger objects yet to be discovered in the outer solar system,” Mike Brown, the astronomer who discovered dwarf planet Eris, told the Washington Post.
NOW WATCH: This spaceship for the ocean will allow scientists to go into uncharted waters
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
This article is over 3 years old
Louis van Gaal dropped a clanger after Manchester United's win over CSKA Moscow by getting Chris Smalling's name wrong … again.
Van Gaal made the mistake of calling the defender “Mike Smalling” while sat alongside him at a press conference in San Jose during United's pre-season tour in July.
And it seems the United manager is still to learn the centre-back's proper name.
Manchester United's Louis van Gaal very happy despite fans' disapproval Read more
After a fine stop from David de Gea, the former Fulham player saved United with a goal-line clearance from Seydou Doumbia's follow-up.
But Van Gaal credited “Michael Smalling” with the key intervention in his post-match press conference, rather than Chris.
Wayne Rooney rescues Manchester United with winner against CSKA Moscow Read more
The United manager said: “David de Gea saved us and after that Michael Smalling has saved us.”
Smalling recently spoke about the case of mistaken identity for the first time.
“The players don't call me Mike, but a lot of the fans do,” Smalling said with a smile after United's 0-0 draw with Manchester City last month.
“Even if you go to Russia or wherever, it's ‘Mike! Mike! Mike!'
“It's going to stick with me forever, that one.”
(Beijing) — China's newly released negative list for foreign investment signals a slower than expected opening of the economy and needs further clarity to help companies navigate the country's complicated regulatory system, a European business group said Wednesday.
The government published the final version of its first nationwide negative list for foreign investment last month in the 2017 version of the Foreign Investment Industrial Guidance Catalogue — one of the fundamental rules regulating the sector in China.
The list, which takes effect July 28, reduced the number of industries under the “restricted” or “prohibited” categories by 30, or by about a third, from the 93 listed in the 2015 version of the catalogue.
However, the actual broadening of market access was limited, partly because only seven sectors, such as motorcycle manufacturing, mining and mine selection of lithium were raised from the restricted or prohibited categories to the “encouraged” category, said Mats Harborn, president of the European Union Chamber of Commerce in China.
“The openness is not as fast as expectations would suggest listening to the rhetoric coming out of the leadership,” he told reporters, referring to speeches given by top Chinese leaders over the past few months pledging commitment to globalization and foreign companies' engagement with China's economy.
He also urged the government to simplify and clarify its framework for regulating foreign investment. This is because, apart from the negative list unveiled last month, overseas investors are also subject to limits set out in an overarching market-access negative list that applies to all companies — domestic and foreign alike — as well as fragmented industrial policies and national security reviews.
“It is a patchwork of different things telling us where we are allowed to invest either in an open way or in a way together in joint venture structures,” Harborn said. “This is leaving us confused.”
“This is the message we want to bring across — more clarity is needed,” he added.
Foreign investment in China has slowed in recent years, as rapidly rising labor and land costs in the country have driven investors to move their plants to cheaper locations in Southeast Asia, while developed economies including the U.S. have been encouraging their companies to return to create jobs.
In 2016, foreign direct investment in nonfinancial sectors fell 0.2% year-on-year to $126 billion, compared with an increase of 5.6% in 2015.
Contact reporter Fran Wang (fangwang@caixin.com)
Robert Mugabe always told a great many lies on the election trail, but this year, his biggest boast is actually true. Zimbabwe's economy is recovering and he is overseeing an extraordinary mini-boom. “Zimbabwe has not collapsed under the heavy weight of sanctions,” he boasted from the podium on Sunday – and he is quite correct. The few sanctions imposed by the West have not stopped what a World Bank economist recently called an “amazing” recovery. For those who like to believe that political freedom is the surest route to prosperity, it's deeply depressing news. For the 89-year-old president, something has gone horribly right.
The election result is not due for days, but Mugabe's Zanu-PF is declaring victory anyway. Never mind that the electoral roll contained a suspiciously high number of centenarians in a country where life expectancy is 51, and, by some estimates, two million dead voters. Mugabe deployed his old Marxist guerrilla skills: he rounded up his people, roped in the military to campaign for him and intimidated his opposition into staying at home. Neither he nor his rival, Morgan Tsvangirai, seem to doubt that this worked. Yet another Zimbabwean election has been rigged.
But it's harder to rig the economy, and signs of recovery are everywhere. Hotels are becoming busier, drivers can fill their cars again and sales of lager are surging. The Zimbabwean economy grew more last year than the British one is expected to in the next three years. The press in Harare has taken to mocking Britain for being unable to control inflation – rich from a country where it is estimated to have peaked at 79.6 sextillion per cent. But since the US dollar and British pound were accepted as legal tender, economic stability has returned. On current trends, Zimbabwe's economy is about five years away from a full gravity-defying recovery.
This has been mostly ignored in Britain, as it contradicts what we thought we knew about Mugabe: that he is a kleptocratic maniac who is destroying his country rather than reviving it. His misrule has been a textbook case of how dictators can ruin their nations. When Zimbabwe went independent in 1980, it had bright prospects: a thriving farming sector and high literacy rates. But after Mugabe started to purge the white farmers, the former breadbasket of Africa was taken to the brink of famine, with starvation used as a weapon against millions. Ten years ago, my colleague Peter Oborne published a pamphlet, urging that Britain intervene, with the title “A Moral Duty to Act There”.
And there was talk of acting, for a while. But very little came of it, and pitifully little has changed since. Tsvangirai was invited into a “unity partnership” with Mugabe, but there was neither unity nor partnership and things carried on as before.
By the normal laws of economics, Zimbabwe's government ought to have collapsed – but the global spike in mineral prices has changed things. Suddenly, the diamond mines became more valuable than ever and Chinese investors turned up willing to do business with Mugabe without any of the qualms shown by the West. Instead of being lectured by the International Monetary Fund, he was being offered his gilded place in China's fast-growing African empire.
Even now, officials in the Foreign Office talk about what to do with Africa as if the old colonial master still had substantial clout to wield. Tony Blair has admitted that he laboured under this delusion until he left office, only later realising that China had come from nowhere to be Africa's biggest single client and most influential ally. That influence can come via Chinese government enterprises, or random, shadowy financiers such as Sam Pa, who was reported to have sent a cool $100 million to Mugabe's Central Intelligence Organisation (his main tool of repression) in return for access to diamonds.
In Zimbabwe, the press is full of signs of China's growing influence. There is talk of giant television screens being erected in Harare to transmit Chinese news. Mugabe has set up a Confucius Institute at Zimbabwe University and roofed his mansion with distinctive Chinese tiles. Two years ago a Chinese actress, Wendy Yang, was given a leading role in Zimbabwe's longest-running soap opera, Studio 263. The yuan may become an official currency. It's not that China's money is single-handedly reviving Zimbabwe, but that its willingness to do business (and sell weapons) makes a mockery of attempted Western sanctions. Zimbabwe's options are not simply Western-style freedom or penury. The Beijing model of “state capitalism” is available as well, and it pays.
A country that was previously unable to borrow can now offer its nickel, diamond and gold mines as collateral. A recent report from the Cato Institute estimates that Zimbabwe's ability to borrow once again has allowed public spending to soar tenfold – leading to deficits so jaw-droppingly large that they almost approach British levels. Half of state spending goes to the chosen few who work for the government. The new wealth is shoring up a regime designed to outlive the elderly President.
This, at least, explains the Mugabe economic mystery. He's getting rich thanks to a mixture of debt-fuelled spending, soaring mineral prices and deep-pocketed, studiously amoral Chinese buyers. It may be a fake kind of growth, and Zimbabwe is still far behind where it was before he started to tear his country apart. But there are signs that the improvement helps him politically. Even last year, opinion polls showed support for the opposition significantly weakening and Zanu-PF taking the lead. There is no doubt that Zimbabweans have yet again just seen a twisted, corrupt election. But even if it had been free and fair, that would have been no guarantee of a landslide victory for Morgan Tsvangirai.
There has always been a hope, in the UK, that Zimbabwe is just one election away from rebirth. It's not so much of a foreign country: we share a history, a language, a religion and now a currency. Like almost all Britain's colonies, it was granted independence with the institutions that ought to guarantee human dignity and freedom: a free press, limited government and an independent judiciary. If Zimbabwe flourished in 1980, there seems to be no reason why it could not do so again soon. After all, how long can an octogenarian tyrant last?
But the other old argument for change – that Zimbabwe's prosperity can only come with the restoration of its old freedoms – has taken a knock in recent years. Mineral mining vies with oil trading as the worst form of capitalism, bringing money without the need for liberty. To grow rich on farming and manufacturing requires the rule of law, education, property rights and economic liberalisation. Any old tyrant can cut a deal with foreigners who want to drill for oil or diamonds. And when he dies, another can take his place.
There is nothing to suggest that China's overall influence in Africa is malign: it has brought investment and jobs to places that desperately needed them. But it is hardly the world's greatest advocate of democratic freedom. Mugabe's recovery may well turn out to be a bubble that bursts when the loans stop, or the minerals run out. His regime may well collapse. But if it does, it may well be China rather than Britain that picks up the pieces.
Fraser Nelson is editor of 'The Spectator'
On December 8, 1980, John Lennon was murdered in New York. To mark the 30th anniversary of Lennon's murder Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal makes available the fascinating documentary The US vs John Lennon (above). Below, we reproduce a review by Green Left Weekly's Phil Shannon about the political and cultural significance of John Lennon and his evolution.
The wanderings of a Zen Marxist
Come Together: John Lennon in his Time
By Jon Weiner
Faber and Faber, 1995, 379 pages (pb)
Reviewed by Phil Shannon
John Lennon angered all the right people. During the Beatles' first tour of the United States in 1966, fundamentalist Christians in Memphis, incensed by John's statement that the Beatles were "more popular than Jesus", organised record burnings while the Ku Klux Klan, objecting to the African-American origins of rock and roll, picketed the Beatles' concert. Franco's Spain and apartheid South Africa banned Beatles' records. US President Richard Nixon spent three years in the early 1970s trying to deport Lennon and had the FBI bugging and tailing the rock artist, who was trying to mobilise the masses against Nixon through music.
John Weiner's biography of Lennon charts the (sometimes wayward) attempt of Lennon to mix rock and roll with radical politics. Born in Liverpool in 1940, Lennon imbibed what he called the "instinctive socialism" of the working-class port city, becoming a defiant rebel, living the life of hard, macho, rock and roll. Fame and popularity for the Beatles smoothed the rough edges, however, and the Beatles became much more parent-friendly than their rivals the Rolling Stones.
Nevertheless, for 1960s youth, the Beatles helped to dispel the social chloroform and to shatter the conservative freeze of the 1950s with their "playful, witty, irreverent" interviews and films, their music's driving rhythm and innovative chord structure, which broke through the limited three or four chord norms, and with John and Paul's "exhilarating, joyous, exuberant" singing. Beatlemania opened a window to youth facing the grim world of school and work.
More than a Beatle
None of this was inherently political, but Lennon wanted to be "more than a Beatle" and explored the world of politics. In 1966, he publicly defied the Beatles' manager Brian Epstein and denounced the Vietnam War. In 1967 and 1968, however, he got his directional finder askew, and sought personal, not political, liberation through LSD and the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (a "bloody old con artist", according to the radical London School of Economics student and anti-war protester, Mick Jagger).
"All You Need Is Love" (1967) was John's anthem of flower power. The hippies made a wonderful contribution to social liberation by confronting in a direct, personal way the conformist taboos of sexual repression, private property, individualism, competition, sex roles and the family, but they had no analysis of power and thus no political strategy for tackling the cause of all they opposed. It would take more than love and peaceful vibes to revolutionise capitalist society.
In May 1968, with "Revolution", Lennon stumbled badly, in what Weiner calls "John's great failure of intellect and imagination". With campuses, schools and workplaces ablaze with radical politics and militant struggle, John's message to the New Left was "Don't struggle, protest, organise — free your mind instead".
Whilst the Rolling Stones were celebrating fighting in the streets, "Revolution" deserved to be, and was, dismissed by the left. While one magazine's view — the song was the "hawk plank of the Democratic Death Party" — was over the top, "Revolution" did bear the marks of "betrayal", a "petit-bourgeois cry of fear". Nina Simone wrote a song to counter "Revolution". Time magazine, as if to confirm the left's judgment, found "Revolution" "exhilarating". Were the Fab Four no more than "rock's liberals"?
Political struggle
Lennon, who was "hostile to organised left politics but deeply anti-authoritarian, committed to personal liberation from bourgeois conventions", could, like the counterculture, slide into an apolitical swamp that de facto sided with the status quo, but he could also be pulled into political struggle. A drug bust, which contributed to the loss of John and Yoko's baby, helped Lennon's radicalisation. John and Yoko became fervent opponents of the Vietnam War. They only occasionally demonstrated, preferring media stunts such as the "bed-ins for peace", making (hefty) donations, symbolic gestures such as Lennon's return of his MBE and, far more valuable, writing songs for the movement.
In 1969, on the last night of their Montreal "bed-in", Lennon wrote and recorded "Give Peace a Chance". A few days later, Pete Seeger led half a million anti-war protesters in Washington singing it. It spontaneously became the anti-Vietnam War anthem. Weiner is right to say that the song was strategically vague and apolitical (Lennon disparaged politics as ideological "this-ism, that-ism"), which accounted for its success in a peace movement that avoided deeper analysis of the war, but it was an example of the successful merger of music and mobilisation.
Shift left
As the political 1960s peaked, Lennon went with them. In touch with Tariq Ali (Trotskyist magazine editor and antiwar leader), Lennon shifted left, seeing class power as central to both oppression and resistance. As students at Kent State University and elsewhere were realising that more than pacifism was necessary, and were giving "Give Peace a Chance" a class twist ("all we are saying is smash the state"), Lennon came out in support of a struggle for popular power to end the Vietnam War, apartheid and British imperialism in Northern Ireland, and in support of the labour movement.
From his pen came another anthem — "Power to the People" in 1971. This was "a street song, a marching song, a fighting song". No longer should the oppressed ask their rulers for peace, they should take power into their own hands. Melody Maker tried to beat back the waves of political protest, diagnosing the song as suffering from "the dreadful curse of the brainless militant", but "Power to the People" outsold both "Revolution" and "Give Peace a Chance".
As the 1960s wound their way from drugs and mysticism, through the flower power of the counterculture, and on to New Left politics, carrying Lennon along, so, too, did the ebb tide transport Lennon with it. After "Power to the People", came "Imagine", a fine song about "restoring the utopian imagination" but lacking the urgency and drive of its predecessor. "Imagine" could demobilise as well as inspire — Ray Conniff recorded a soothing orchestral version which made it into the graveyard of elevator music.
The Sometime in New York City album in 1972 was Lennon's last fling with political activism through music. Topical songs in the mode of Phil Ochs and Woodie Guthrie about the repression of the Attica prison uprising, Angela Davis, Northern Ireland ("Sunday Bloody Sunday", see video below) and feminism generally lacked artistic energy and vision. Phil Ochs didn't like the album much, praising those few songs (such as "Woman is the Nigger of the World") which, unbeknown to Ochs, were Lennon's sole compositions, and panning the rest, which were Yoko's.
Nixon's re-election in 1972 destroyed Lennon's political hopes and the multimillionaire socialist, under threat of deportation, moved away from militancy and public activism (Mind Games, 1973) to pointless, McCartney-like hit-singles ("Whatever Gets You Through the Night", 1974), the private world of domesticity (Double Fantasy, 1980) and donations to the New York police for bulletproof vests.
Some of Lennon's radicalism survived in his longstanding and sincere commitment to feminism (Double Fantasy is about his decision to become a househusband) but with wealth estimated at US$150 million, a cook and a nanny, this was feminism for the rich. The rich have always been able to buy all the child care they need. Double Fantasy is musically anodyne and a hymn to private life.
In 1980, Lennon described his intensely political years from 1969 to 1972 as "all shit". But the "instinctive socialist" in Lennon had not died — in December 1980, he was planning to attend a demonstration in support of striking Japanese-American workers, when a bullet from a one-time fan suffering from clinical paranoia ended Lennon's life and music.
Lennon's musical brilliance, from early Beatles to some of his later work, and his (shifting) involvement with the world of left politics and oppositional movements ("Zen Marxist" is his own description of his politics — and is not that inaccurate) is one of the best, if erratic, examples of the alliance of music and politics. Lennon's music (and Weiner's biography) are highly recommended. "Power to the People — Right On!".
Valery Sharifulin/ITAR-TASS Photo/Corbis
Three and a half years after he sought temporary asylum in the Ecuadorean embassy in London only to find himself a captive instead, a UN group has ruled that UK and Swedish authorities unlawfully detained WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange in violation of their international human rights obligations.
The UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention said in a statement released today that UK authorities should let Assange leave the embassy and that both the UK and Sweden should compensate him for what it said was an "arbitrary" or prohibited detention.
"Having concluded that there was a continuous deprivation of liberty, the Working Group ... found that the detention was arbitrary because he was held in isolation during the first stage of detention and because of the lack of diligence by the Swedish Prosecutor in its investigations, which resulted in the lengthy detention of Mr. Assange," the UN group wrote in its report. The group said that Sweden and the UK should "assess the situation of Mr. Assange to ensure his safety and physical integrity, to facilitate the exercise of his right to freedom of movement in an expedient manner, and to ensure the full enjoyment of his rights guaranteed by the international norms on detention." The group didn't elaborate on the nature of the compensation Assange should receive.
Although Assange has technically been a voluntary resident at the embassy since he sought asylum there in June 2012, he has effectively been a captive in that he has been forced to remain inside the building or risk arrest by UK police outside the embassy, even though he's never been charged with a crime.
The finding released today is not legally binding, and UK and Swedish authorities have indicated that they reject the UN body's conclusion. Both nations have said in statements that Assange has never been under detention and is free to leave the embassy, though the UK acknowledges that as long as the Swedish arrest warrant still stands, he will be arrested if he leaves.
“We have been consistently clear that Mr Assange has never been arbitrarily detained by the UK but is, in fact, voluntarily avoiding lawful arrest by choosing to remain in the Ecuadorian embassy," the British Foreign Office told the Guardian in a statement. "An allegation of rape is still outstanding and a European arrest warrant in place, so the UK continues to have a legal obligation to extradite Mr Assange to Sweden."
Regardless of the finding's lack of legal strength, it adds fuel to the pressure already on Sweden to withdraw the arrest warrant for Assange, as his defense attorneys have demanded. It also weakens the ability of the UK and Sweden to apply pressure on other countries for human rights violations.
"I've been detained now without charge in this country, the United Kingdom, for five and a half years," Assange said over video feed at a news conference held by his lawyers at London's Frontline Club this morning, including the year and a half before he entered the embassy when he was briefly detained and then put on house arrest. "That's five years where I've had great difficulty seeing my family and seeing my children."
The UN body's announcement today comes after lawyers for Assange filed an application for relief (.pdf) in 2014 calling his detention "harsh and disproportionate."
His lawyers argued that the detention was unlawful because it prevented Assange from exercising his right to asylum and because a Swedish prosecutor failed to conduct her investigation of him in a manner that was consistent with his rights. "She had an obligation to question him expeditiously, and it was her failure [to do this] that meant that the investigation ground to a halt [for more than five years]. That was a contributing factor to the length of the detention," Melinda Taylor, one of the lawyers representing Assange, told WIRED.
"Today that detention without charge has been found by the highest organization in the United Nations that has the jurisdiction of considering the rights of detained person to be unlawful," Assange said.
Assange has faced arrest for several years on two warrants, one issued in 2010 by Sweden and one issued in 2012 by UK authorities, which is related to the warrant from Sweden. If the two nations adhered to the finding today and cancelled the warrants, it would have allowed him to leave the embassy without threat of arrest by them. He would then have been able to proceed to Ecuador under that nation's protection if that's where he decided to pursue long-term asylum. But even if a path opened for him to leave the embassy, the investigation against him in Sweden has not been dropped.
He also still faces legal jeopardy in the US, where a 2010 grand jury investigation found that there was sufficient evidence to bring charges against him in relation to his publication of documents leaked to him in 2010 by Chelsea Manning. Although US authorities asserted in 2013 that no charges had actually been filed against Assange at that point, this could change, and at any time Assange could find himself facing a US arrest warrant.
The warrant out of Sweden was issued after authorities there demanded he travel to that country for questioning in relation to an investigation into alleged sex crimes. The investigation was launched after Assange had sexual relations with two women in Sweden. Assange has denied any criminal conduct and has insisted that his relations with the women were consensual. Police documents from the case, which were leaked online in 2011 indicate that the encounters were consensual at first, but that the women subsequently objected to some of Assange's actions, to no avail. They went to police only to get authorities to force him to take an HIV test and were surprised when prosecutors opened a rape investigation against Assange.
Although Assange has never been charged with any wrongdoing in the six years since the investigation began, his freedom has been effectively curtailed. Swedish authorities allowed Assange to leave Sweden that country in 2010, even though an investigation was underway, and only later sought his arrest, demanding he return for questioning—a demand he has been fighting ever since.
The second arrest warrant filed in the UK was for breach of bail, which occurred when he fled to the Ecuadorean embassy in June 2012 after losing his protracted legal battle to avoid extradition to Sweden for questioning. Assange had been out on bail while battling the extradition, and violated its terms when he failed to return to the country house where he was required to sleep at night. The penalty for violating bail is normally six months, Taylor noted to WIRED, which far exceeds the amount of time he has already been under detention in the embassy.
Assange has fought the extradition to Sweden because he and his attorneys suspect that the Swedish arrest warrant is a pretext to extradite him further to the US, where he fears he could face espionage charges for publishing – video and documents leaked to him by Chelsea Manning.
To avoid the risk of extradition to the US, Assange has long insisted that he would submit to an interrogation by Swedish authorities as long as they conducted it at Ecuadorean embassy or he was allowed to do it by video-link. But Swedish prosecutors insisted he travel to Sweden for questioning; they only reversed that stance recently. Last December, Ecuador and Swedish authorities reached a bilateral agreement for a Swedish prosecutor to travel to the UK to question Assange at the embassy. Those negotiations hit a snag, however, when someone requested that Ecuadorean officials be allowed to ask Assange the Swedish prosecutor's questions.
In the meantime, the investigation against Assange has been in limbo for nearly six years due to the intransigence of Swedish prosecutor Marianne Ny.
Assange's attorneys argued during an appeal in Sweden in 2014 to dismiss the warrant that the investigation had "not been conducted with the effectiveness and urgency" it should have been. The Swedish court agreed, chastising Ny for her failure to examine alternative avenues for interrogation and thereby failing in her obligation "to move the preliminary investigation forward."
The head of the Swedish bar association even called the showdown a "circus" and urged the Swedish prosecutor to compromise. "It is time for this longstanding matter to be brought to a fair and proportionate end," Anne Ramberg, head of the bar association told the Guardian, at the time.
The Swedish prosecutor has already lost ground on her case due to the delays. Assange had initially been wanted for questioning in relation to four allegations sexual molestation charges, stemming from an encounter with one of the women. But the statute of limitations has since run out on that alleged crime, so only the rape allegation and investigation remains active.
"It is the end of the road for the legal arguments that have been presented today by Sweden and the UK," Assange said today. "Put simply, those arguments lost. There is no appeal. The time for appeal is over." He added: "It is now the task for Sweden and the United Kingdom…to implement the verdict."
Do the Flaming Lips ever sleep? Oklahoma's fearless freaks have been working non-stop: there's the gummy fetuses, the Neon Indian collaboration, vinyl reissues, cemetery gigs with Edward Sharpe, and more. Now, after dropping one song from their collaborative EP with Lightning Bolt, the whole set has hit the web. Hear it here (via Psych Explorations of the Future Heart).
Rhode Island's Lightning Bolt are one of noise-rock's heaviest bands, and they bring their penchant for ear-deafening scuzz to these four tunes. “I Wanna Get High But I Don't Want Brain Damage” is six minutes of art-damaged, Led Zeppelin-y pummeling, while “NASA's Final Acid Bath” is seven minutes of avant-garde white noise. The Lips also maintain their jones for psychedelic weirdness: “I'm Working at NASA on Acid” comes on like the craziest Ennio Morricone soundtrack ever.
The Lips don't appear to be slowing down anytime soon. Coyne told SPIN earlier this year that he'd love to collaborate on music with Deerhoof and has approached Ke$ha (!) about jamming in the studio, which prompted the pop star to tweet, “the flaming fucking lips?? call me.”
Hear It: Flaming Lips and Lightning Bolt, “I'm Working at NASA on Acid”
.>
Hear It: Flaming Lips and Lightning Bolt, “NASA's Final Acid Bath”
Flaming Lips and Lightning Bolt, “I Want to Get Damaged but I Won't Say Hi”
Hear It: Flaming Lips and Lightning Bolt, “I Want to Get High but I Don't Want Brain Damage”
Dog the Bounty Hunter might be on the hunt for another criminal, so to say.
The 64-year-old reality star and his wife Beth were robbed of more than $5,000 in Los Angeles Thursday night as result of a break-in to the Luxe Hotel suite they were staying in during their visit to Southern California, TMZ reports.
The one-time bail bondsman and his spouse were not present at the time of the robbery, the outlet reported, adding that they discovered the money was missing from a safe in the room.
Bad start to the weekend: Dog the Bounty Hunter and wife Beth were robbed of more than $5,000 cash Thursday from the safe in their LA hotel room, TMZ reported
Scene of the crime: The incident took place at the Luxe hotel in Downtown LA. Investigators were working with hotel officials to suss out the events that led to the robbery
Silver lining: Thieves only took cash from the couple, leaving their jewelry and belongings behind, according to the outlet
Police told the outlet that there were no signs of any forced entry in the room, and that they were in touch with officials from the establishment to ascertain if any duplicate keys were made for the room that the celebrity couple was staying in.
Authorities are also reviewing surveillance footage from the establishment. According to the report, all of the jewelry and belongings left in the room weren't touched.
The former A&E star, whose real name is Duane Chapman, has had an eventful 2017 so far, as one of the few celebrities drawn to the Inaugural festivities in honor of President Donald Trump.
Flashy: The celebrity couple matched in black outfits at the 2014 CMT Awards in Nashville
Star power: While many celebs refused to go near the presidential inauguration in January, Dog and wife Beth were not shy to show their support for the new commander-in-chief
Hail to the chief: The duo were snapped at the with Vettys Presidential Inaugural Ball with chairwoman Assal Ravandi (L)
Attending the Freedom Ball, Chapman - whose show was yanked off the air amid a 2007 scandal in which he was heard on tape engaging in vile racist banter - praised the new commander-in-chief as a firebrand in the spectrum of crime and punishment.
'When I lock someone up, I don't want them holding the door for me when I leave,' Dog said, according to Women's Wear Daily. 'They let them go too fast - way too fast.'
Chapman said that Trump 'is going to change that, and he's going to rehabilitate [criminals]. And we're going to make them righteous people.'
An Ohio man convicted of fatally shooting his ailing wife in her hospital bed was sentenced Friday to six years in prison.
John Wise, 68, has said he shot his debilitated wife out of love in August 2012 after she suffered aneurysms and appeared to be in pain at an Akron hospital. Mercy is not a defence to a murder charge in Ohio.
John Wise, 67, seen here in court in November 2013, was sentenced to six years in prison for shooting hi 65-year old wife to death at Akron General Medical Center in 2012. (Phil Masturzo, Akron Beacon Journal/Associated Press)
The sentence issued by Summit County Court of Common Pleas Judge Mary Margaret Rowlands was in line with a prosecutor's recommendation that Wise receive a lighter punishment than the minimum 23 years on his most serious conviction, an aggravated murder count with a firearm specification.
Wise's attorney, Paul Adamson, said ahead of the sentencing that they will pursue clemency from the governor no matter the punishment.
County Prosecutor Sherri Bevan Walsh had called Wise's actions illegal and dangerous but said the case warranted leniency. She had recommended that Wise be sentenced on a lesser offence, manslaughter.
Neither side had found previous case law to support the prosecutor's suggestion that the judge could sentence Wise to six years for manslaughter, a charge that wasn't among the counts against him but is considered a lesser included offence.
The prosecution instead asked the judge to sentence Wise for his felonious assault conviction with a firearms specification, and the judge did so. Wise was also convicted of aggravated murder and murder, which could have led to a life sentence.
Had planned to commit suicide
Police say Wise calmly walked into his wife's hospital room on Aug. 4, 2012, and shot her at her bedside. She died the next day.
Wise told police he intended to kill himself after shooting his wife, but the weapon jammed.
"My recollection is that I walked in there, and within two minutes, I kissed her on the cheek and shot her," Wise told jurors.
Barbara Wise, 65, was in the intensive care unit at Akron General Medical Center after suffering triple cerebral aneurysms that had left her unable to speak, a family friend has said.
A doctor testified that Barbara Wise wasn't terminally ill and seemed to be responding to treatment.
Wise testified that he couldn't stand to see his wife of 45 years in pain in the hospital and decided on his course of action after seeing a tear roll down her cheek.
MUMBAI: Private unaided schools who have given admissions to children from the underprivileged section of the society under the 25% quota after the implementation of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, will finally get the fee reimbursed by the state government. The school education department has issued a government resolution sanctioning Rs 2,600 lakh for the same. Schools who have enrolled students under the quota for the academic session 2012-13 and 2013-14 will get the funds by the end of this month.Amol Dhamdhere, trustee, Indian Education Society Group and also from the Maharashtra Rajya Shikshan Haqq Kruti Samiti, said that the government should release the fund as early as possible. “It is very difficult for us to admit students under the quota if the funds are not released on time. In fact, we were even told that the fees will be reimbursed twice in a year. If they do not give the money, we will not be able to reserve seats for the underprivileged children.” He added that the ideal thing would have been to ask these children to enroll in government aided schools.School education secretary, Nand Kumar, said that the department has data on the numbers of students admitted by each school in the two years and the funds will have to be released by the end of this month.
SEVASTOPOL, Ukraine -- Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has lept on a Harley-Davidson and roared into an international biker convention in southern Ukraine.
Around 5,000 bikers from Europe and beyond gathered in Sevastopol for the annual festival Saturday on Ukraine's Crimea peninsula.
Putin, in Ukraine for talks with the country's new Russia-friendly leadership, had his black shirt sleeves rolled up as he motored toward a stage along a dusty road on the three-wheeled bike.
In sunglasses, black jeans and black fingerless gloves, the Russian prime minister clearly reveled in the moment, smiling and waving to the enthusiastic crowd.
From a podium, he described the motorbike as "the most democratic form of transport" and praised the bikers' free spirit.
He also urged them to unite in promoting safe driving.
Olympic diver Tom Daley has confessed to having an online tryst with another man during a secret relationship break – and has promised to his fiancé that it ‘will never happen again'.
Footage of the diving ace stripping for online sex has emerged, prompting Daley to confess a number of online relationships to his fiancé, 42-year-old Dustin Lance Black.
Daley admitted to being on a seven-month ‘break' from his then boyfriend as the pair were tied up with demanding work commitments.
Olympic diver Tom Daley confessed to having an online tryst with another man during a secret relationship break
Footage of the diving ace stripping for online sex has emerged, prompting Daley to confess a number of online relationships to his fiancé, 42-year-old Dustin Lance Black (right)
During this time he messaged another man and send explicit pictures and video over social media.
Daley told The Sun: ‘This will absolutely never happen again now that we're getting married. The date is set, and we're raring and ready to go for that wedding now.'
The Olympic bronze medallist said his relationship with Dustin was now stronger than ever.
He added: ‘It was the distance. It's not like I actually met up with anyone.
‘I'm 22 years old, and if you talk to someone through social media it is what it is. It was nothing more than that. We never physically met.
‘But in the modern world this is what can happen — things are more accessible online, and distributed, and they spread like wildfire.'
Daley revealed that the distance had made the couple realise ‘how fond' they were of each other.
Daley admitted to being on a seven-month ‘break' from his then boyfriend as the pair were tied up with demanding work commitments
Daley reportedly made contact with a Liverpudlian male fan in February last year, just months after he announced his engagement to Dustin
‘That's why we've been enjoying planning our wedding so much in the last few weeks. We don't have secrets in our relationship,' he told The Sun, ‘we're honest and open about everything. When we were back together I told him everything.
‘Lance and I had a period of time apart, and then coming back together and realising we're meant for each other.
‘We're soulmates — and the only way that we were going to get back to that point was to be honest, open and share everything that happened in our time away from each other.
‘It's totally crucial to us that we are completely and totally open with each other.
‘I don't think I've done anything more or less than any other 22-year-old has done. Lance and I have such a strong connection that again our honesty and openness is so important.'
The Olympic bronze medallist said his relationship with Dustin was now stronger than ever
Daley reportedly made contact with a Liverpudlian male fan in February last year, just months after he announced his engagement to Dustin.
He told the 23-year-old stranger he was ‘fit' in a private Instagram message before passing on his mobile number.
According to The Sun, he repeatedly messaged the man asking him to come and visit in London over an 11-month exchange, as well as sending him explicit videos and pictures via Snapchat.
Daley met his Oscar-winning screenwriter fiance in March 2013, at a dinner in LA.
As well as being a screenwriter, Dustin Lance Black is a director, film and TV producer and an LGBT rights activist.
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by That's not true, it would continue, but along another path.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by I'm afraid not - the nebula that they can be found in relates to their origin and I can't talk about that.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by I meant nebulae.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by One of the POIs appears to be a bit crashy, but it's not the barnacle - not that we've seen from the crash reports so far at any rate.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by I'm afraid not - the nebula that they can be found in relates to their origin and I can't talk about that.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by They can spawn in either.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by The barnacles are too small to be noticeable at orbital height.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by This is good thinking.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by You are guaranteed to find them if you are in the right location.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by True - although I know for certain that there are some placed in that nebula.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by I did indeed say they are exceedingly rare - much rarer than UAs. ALthough unlike the UAs there are some that have been physically placed by us, although they are generated in certain areas of space.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by I think you'll notice one if you're nearby.
And to those asking why nebulae - it's quite logical if you think about it :-)
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by This is correct.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by It's the same galaxy on the Xbox One as PC and Mac.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by Well written helps, not contradicting the fiction is also required and sometimes the story just doesn't fit.
I'm not going to comment on specific stories.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by I didn't place them :-)
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by No.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by There's no landing on asteroids, so you wouldn't be able to collect it.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by It'll be newsworthy when someone discovers them :-)
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by Nebulae are good places to look, especially the one with the seven sisters in it.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by Would you be interested in knowing a region of space that is likely to contain barnacles?
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by No mission needed.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by Not really, some are randomly generated, but others have been specifically placed to be found.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by Horizons.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by I can confirm that the meta-alloys can be found in the released version of the game.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by I can confirm that meta-alloys can be found in the released version of the game.
Michael
Originally Posted by Michael Brookes (Source) Originally Posted by They are exceedingly rare and should be working - however I am getting that double-checked, just to be sure.
Michael
22/01/2016 10:28 AMQ:19/01/2016 12:46 PM13/01/2016 7:16 PM14/01/2016 6:31 PMQ:Now that one has been found, can you be a little more candid with your responses?What other nebulae are they found in? And is Lagoon nebula one of those nebulae?12/01/2016 5:51 PMQ: Maybe could this mean that they only spawn when you're in a SRV? If that person who said they found one and died on Pleione 6 is telling the trust.12/01/2016 10:46 AM12/01/2016 5:12 PMQ: But the fact that these barnacles can be found in other nebulae, that more than one location has been hand placed, etc. proves that the UAs are not pointing at Merope because of the barnacles. The barnacles are another clue in the big puzzle, not the end of the puzzle. There is still no logical reason to focus the barnacle search in Merope. Every landable planet in the Pleiades has just as much chance of containing the hand placed fixed POI as the planets in Merope, and Merope has already been searched the most.11/01/2015 6:09 PMQ: When you say "placed", do you mean that if you show up in that particular place you are 100% sure to see one, or is there still a random element to whether it will actually appear or not when you arrive?11/01/2015 4:31 PMQ: Mike already hinted at plural in an earlier post. Its not specifically Seven Sisters.11/01/2015 3:39 PMQ: Yeah, he did actually say meta-alloys were "exceedingly rare" towards the end of the last thread. People then started pointing out how similar his wording was to a post he made when UAs were first introduced.11/01/2015 1:38 PMQ:What if that was a barnacle, but there was just nothing interesting about it? Maybe we've found what we were looking for this whole time and it was so underwhelming we just ignored it and kept looking?08/01/2016, 10:59 AMQ: MB also said that Barnacles are randomly found although some have been placed in certain systems.07/01/2016, 6:41 PMQ: @MB Question, say that if the Explorers on the PC find these 'Barnacles' and said Barnacles have a certain effect on the Galaxy/ED itself.Will that effect transfer to the connected universe on Xbox?07/01/2016, 6:26 PMQ: @MB as your about at the mo could you clear something up for me please.When a player submits a Galnet post what is the criteria for getting one on.does it have to be just well written or does it have to be something that will not take us in the wrong direction? or both?07/01/2016, 6:08 PMQ: I would focus search on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celaeno - Note Cuthulu. MB is rather fond of Lovecraft's works.....07/01/2016, 4:15 PMQ: Does it make a differance whether one looks in Open, Private Group, or Solo modes?07/01/2016, 2:58 PMQ: Barnacles grow on rocks, so have you tried planetary rings and asteroid belts? In particular around planets with no atmosphere?07/01/2016, 1:11 PMQ: Thanks Michael, we appreciate narrowing the search.I think for the purposes of continuity and those who don't follow the forums it'd be useful if this snippet of info was revealed in game through a Galnet article.07/01/2016, 12:08 PM07/01/2016, 11:58 AM05/01/2016, 6:15 PMQ: Soo, does this mean we don't need the mission to find them?Or any other special requirements (like an UA in the cargohold)?05/01/2016, 5:30 PMQ: Unfortunately the article on galnet was written by a player so it still most likely is just lazy POI placement.05/01/2016, 3:48 PMQ: Which released version though? Vanilla or Horizons.05/01/2016, 10:31 AMCanonn 4 - Meta-alloys05/01/2016, 10:39 AM04/01/2016, 1:53 PMQ: FD - Are Meta-Alloys bugged?
A faction within the renewable energy space has slaughtered one of smart growth's sacred cows and set the stage for a strategic realignment of environmental and energy stakeholders struggling for control of the world's future energy economy.
The emerging battle lines pit believers in the environmental and economic benefits of decentralized clean energy against investors in utility-scale, high-impact power plants sited in remote regions and linked to demand centers by an increasingly expensive and unreliable electric power grid. In other words, the clean energy coalition is splintering between those who support the status quo and others like myself who believe the profligate economic and environmental wastefulness of the status quo is the challenge clean technology is supposed to solve – not support.
While there are likely to be charlatans on both sides of this debate, this post is primarily devoted to exposing how the National Renewable Energy Laboratory's multi-volume Renewable Electricity Futures Study presents a dangerously distorted assessment of the status quo (intentionally or unintentionally) that favors the centralized status quo. These distortions are the intellectual equivalent of a slap in the face for environmentalists like myself who believe the future welfare of the planet and the people who inhabit it depends on the massive deployment of clean distributed heat and power.
The Renewable Electricity Futures Study considers the opportunities and challenges of integrating significant amounts of renewable energy into the conventional transmission and distribution infrastructure.
The central conclusion of the analysis is that renewable electricity generation from technologies that are commercially available today, in combination with a more flexible electric system, is more than adequate to supply 80% of total U.S. electricity generation in 2050 while meeting electricity demand on an hourly basis in every region of the United States . . . The renewable technologies explored in this study are components of a diverse set of clean energy solutions that also includes nuclear, efficient natural gas, clean coal, and energy efficiency. Understanding all of these technology pathways and their potential contributions to the future U.S. electric power system can inform the development of integrated portfolio scenarios.
The centralized, infrastructure-centric status quo is the problem – with or without high levels of renewable energy. A clutch of clean distributed energy technologies – ranging from small wind turbines to building integrated solar photovoltaics to micro-CHP fuel cells and microturbines – present an environmentally and economically compelling alternative to "business as usual."
So let's take a gander at some of NREL's sleights of hand.
The NREL analysis concluded that the integration of renewable energy would require at most about $8 billion in transmission upgrades. By contrast, the Edison Electric Institute estimated that "the integration of renewable resources" would require at least $49 billion in transmission upgrades. At least part of the difference is that NREL made ludicrously unrealistic assumptions about the state of the nation's electric power grid.
The analysis assumed that the existing transmission infrastructure is operational [and assumed to be usable by both conventional and renewable generation sources] throughout the study period and did not consider maintenance needs for the existing transmission lines or other infrastructure. In addition, the analysis did not consider distribution-level maintenance or upgrades.
This assumption would likely be considered problematic – to put it mildly – by many highly-regarded industry analysts. Take the Brattle Group's analysis in the widely-cited study, Why Are Electricity Prices Increasing?, which concluded:
The U.S. electricity delivery system, which consists of the transmission grid and the downstream distribution system, . . . is characterized by an aging infrastructure and largely reflects technology developed in the 1950s or earlier. According to the DOE, percent of transmission lines are 25 years or older, 70 percent of power transformers are 25 years or older, and 60 percent of circuit breakers are more than 30 years old. The strain on this aging system is beginning to show, particularly as market participants and regulators ask it to perform functions . . . for which it was not originally designed.
NREL admits that "estimated new transmission miles and investments do not include replacement in kind of existing transmission lines, substations, or other infrastructure, and therefore understate the total amount of and associated investment in transmission infrastructure likely to be built over the study period."
Not surprisingly, NREL also casually disregards the environmental tradeoffs of integrating high levels of utility-scale renewable energy into the transmission grid. In a footnote, NREL states: "The scenarios were not constructed to find the optimal GHG mitigation or clean energy pathway (e.g., to minimize carbons emissions or the cost of mitigating these emissions)."
Despite this whopper of a caveat, NREL still states in its key findings that "high renewable electricity futures can result in deep reductions in electric sector greenhouse gas emissions and water use." For anyone willing to review the tomb-like NREL study, I would suggest you start by reading the footnotes, which say as much if not more about the ideological underpinnings and the intellectual integrity of this distorted analysis.
Unfortunately, we should probably expect more of the same. The clean energy camp appears to dividing as a result of competing views about the electric power grid. On one side, utility-scale solar, wind and bi-power developers are scrambling to cash in by reinforcing a status quo that disenfranchises consumers. On the other side, a small but growing group of environmentalists, entrepreneurs and smart growth supporters believe the best way to save the planet is by empowering consumers to invest in high efficiency, low emissions clean heat and power technologies located close to the point of consumption.
The centralized energy vision proposed by NREL would ensure customers continue to pay vastly inflated prices for an increasingly unreliable supply of electric power. That is not what I would call the promise of clean energy.
Competition and cooperation aren't mutually exclusive. Just ask a coyote or a badger.
Both are crafty carnivores, and since they often hunt the same prey in the same prairies, it would make sense for them to be enemies, or at least to avoid each other. But while they don't always get along, coyotes and badgers also have an ancient arrangement that illustrates why it can be smart for rivals to work together.
An example of that partnership recently unfolded on a prairie in northern Colorado, near the National Black-footed Ferret Conservation Center. And it was captured in photos, both by a wildlife camera trap and by sharp-eyed photographers:
A field camera caught this amazing shot, which shows the coyote and badger trotting across the landscape with a prairie dog looking on in the foreground. (Photo: National Black-footed Ferret Conservation Center/Facebook)
The duo takes a break from pursuing prairie dogs. (Photo: Kimberly Fraser/USFWS)
(Photo: Kimberly Fraser/USFWS)
The coyote and badger survey a black-tailed prairie dog colony near Wellington, Colorado. (Photo: Ryan Moehring/USFWS)
While it's relatively rare to capture such good photos of a hunt like this, the phenomenon is well-documented. It was familiar to many Native Americans long before Europeans reached the continent, and scientists have studied it for decades. It has been reported across much of Canada, the United States and Mexico, according to Ecology Online, typically with one badger hunting alongside one coyote.
(In one study at the National Elk Refuge in Wyoming, 90 percent of all coyote-badger hunts featured one of each animal, while about 9 percent involved one badger with two coyotes. Just 1 percent saw a lone badger join a coyote trio.)
But why would these predators work together at all? When one of them finally catches something, they aren't known to share the spoils. So what's the point?
Working together helps each species pursue prey more effectively. (Photo: Kimberly Fraser/USFWS)
The point, apparently, is to improve the likelihood that at least one of the hunters will snag some prey. Even if that means the other one ends up empty-handed, the partnership seems to pay off for both species in the long run.
Each member of the hunting party has a distinct set of skills. Coyotes are nimble and quick, so they excel at chasing prey across an open prairie. Badgers are slow and awkward runners by comparison, but they're better diggers than coyotes are, having evolved to pursue small animals in underground burrow systems. So when they hunt prairie dogs or ground squirrels on their own, badgers usually dig them up, while coyotes chase and pounce. The rodents therefore use different strategies depending on which predator is after them: They often escape a digging badger by leaving their burrows to flee aboveground, and evade coyotes by running to their burrows.
When badgers and coyotes work together, however, they combine these skills to hunt more effectively than either could alone. Coyotes chase prey on the surface, while badgers take the baton for subterranean pursuits. Only one may end up with a meal, but overall, research suggests the collaboration benefits both hunters.
"Coyotes with badgers consumed prey at higher rates and had an expanded habitat base and lower locomotion costs," according to the authors of the National Elk Refuge study. "Badgers with coyotes spent more time below ground and active, and probably had decreased locomotion and excavation costs. Overall, prey vulnerability appeared to increase when both carnivores hunted in partnership."
A coyote-badger duo at Valles Caldera National Preserve in New Mexico. (Photo: Larry Lamsa/Flickr)
Badgers and coyotes aren't always friendly, though. While the majority of their interactions "appear to be mutually beneficial or neutral," Ecology Online notes they do sometimes prey on each other. The two species have developed "a sort of open relationship," according to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS), since they tend to collaborate in warmer months, then often drift apart as winter sets in.
"In the winter, the badger can dig up hibernating prey as it sleeps in its burrow," the FWS explains. "It has no need for the fleet-footed coyote."
Not at the time, anyway. But winter eventually turns to spring, and these two hunters may start to need each other again. And just as they have for thousands of years, they'll make peace, embrace their differences and get back to work.
Why coyotes and badgers hunt together
The two predators were recently photographed collaborating in Colorado, a fascinating example of interspecies teamwork.
Last December, a Swiss publication called Das Magazin credited an obscure consulting firm that advised Donald Trump's campaign with having “turned the world upside down” on Election Day. The article was an underground sensation in German, in a bootlegged English translation, and then on Vice, raising concerns that the company, Cambridge Analytica, used sophisticated psychological tools to manipulate unwitting American voters.
Readers shared the article more than 350,000 times, according to analytics service BuzzSumo. With it, conspiracy theories gave the firm almost unlimited power to control our lives with what one critic called a “weaponized AI propaganda machine.” And Cambridge Analytica itself has hardly shrunk from the controversy: Alexander Nix, the CEO, boasted that it had “profiled the personality of every adult in the United States of America — 220 million people.”
But interviews with 13 former employees, campaign staffers, and executives at other Republican consulting firms who have seen Cambridge Analytica's work suggest that its psychological approach was not actually used by the Trump campaign and, furthermore, the company has never provided evidence that it even works. Rather than a sinister breakthrough in political technology, the Cambridge Analytica story appears to be part of the traditional contest among consultants on a winning political campaign to get their share of credit — and win future clients.
Every person who spoke to BuzzFeed News insisted on anonymity, with many citing a reluctance to cross the company's powerful leaders, who insiders say include co-owner Rebekah Mercer, one of Trump's major donors, and board member Steve Bannon, his chief strategist.
Yet when Nix claimed that on a single day during the campaign, the firm tested more than 175,000 different Facebook ad variations based on personality types, Gary Coby, who ran digital advertising for the Trump campaign, took to Twitter to call it a “100% Lie” and “total rubbish.” Gerrit Lansing, who worked with the campaign and is now the White House chief digital officer, also dismissed Nix's claim as “a lie.” Both declined to comment further, as did Mercer and Bannon.
Cambridge Analytica insists it played an "instrumental" role in the campaign and made “an important contribution to the team effort,” according to a statement emailed by Joshua Kail, a public relations representative. But despite articles still featured on its website touting the role psychographic techniques played in Trump's campaign, the statement added, “We have always stated on the record that Cambridge Analytica did not have the opportunity to dive deeply into our psychographic offering because we simply did not have the time.”
That psychographic approach starts, Nix has said, with classifying people according to five traits — openness, conscientiousness, extroversion, agreeableness, and neuroticism. In September, the company said it planned to pinpoint 20 million persuadable voters in battleground states and target them with messages carefully tailored to those traits.
Several people who worked directly with Cambridge Analytica told BuzzFeed News that despite its sales pitch and public statements, it never provided any proof that the technique was effective or that the company had the ability to execute it on a large scale. “Anytime we ever wanted to test anything as far as psychographic was concerned, they would get very hesitant,” said one former campaign staffer. “At no point did they provide us any documentation that it would work.”
During a tense exchange at a post-election conference for Republican data firms, an audience member asked Matt Oczkowski, head of Cambridge Analytica's product team, if his firm had used any psychographic profiles at all during the Trump campaign. According to two people in attendance, Oczkowski said that the company had not.
Some insiders say the individual data scientists from Cambridge Analytica embedded with the campaign did top-notch work, including recognizing that Trump's supporters were different than establishment Republicans. They helped identify, for example, a younger and more rural group of supporters they called “disenfranchised new Republicans.” But those same insiders say Cambridge Analytica's executives have greatly overstated the firm's importance to Trump's victory and overall strategy.
”You get a lot of snake oil like this in data work,” said one consultant.
Some of the concern about Cambridge Analytica stems from reports that it has a vast trove of information on hundreds of millions of individual Americans.
In several articles, Nix has said the company has 5,000 pieces of data on every American adult. As creepy as that may sound, however, it's common: Campaigns and political consultants on both the left and the right purchase data about everything from voters' age and gender to their magazine subscriptions and TV habits.
Cambridge Analytica has also been scrutinized for a database of personal Facebook information it obtained several years ago from a researcher at Cambridge University, according to internal documents obtained by The Guardian. The researcher's project offered people a free online psychological test and the option to share their Facebook profile data. His methods were then allegedly shared with SCL Group, Cambridge Analytica's parent company, and replicated without either the participants' or the researcher's consent.
BuzzFeed News has previously reported that SCL Group said it had run a voter suppression project in Nigeria and its founder once compared its methods to those used by Hitler.
In marketing pitches, two GOP operatives recalled, Nix has claimed his company has access to proprietary information that includes Facebook data. One of the operatives said the data was too old to be helpful and couldn't be updated. Others said they'd received a similar pitch, but Nix was too vague about the details for them to evaluate what the data really was. None of the campaign staffers BuzzFeed News spoke with said Cambridge Analytica's proprietary data had played a key role in any decision-making.
As speculation has turned to what role Cambridge Analytica may have in supporting the Trump administration's policies going forward, conspiracy theories about what the firm is doing with that personal Facebook data have multiplied.
Asked a series of detailed questions about that data and how it was obtained, the Cambridge Analytica spokesperson did not respond directly, but said the company “does not obtain data from Facebook profiles or Facebook ‘likes' as reported.” He continued, “Cambridge Analytica developed all its own methodology and its own intellectual property. It did not partner with Cambridge University on these."
Facebook, which told The Guardian in 2015 that it was investigating allegations that the company had improperly obtained data from its users, would not comment on the current status of that investigation. But as a general rule, Andy Stone, a Facebook spokesperson, said, “Misleading people or misusing their information is a direct violation of our policies and we will take swift action against companies that do, including banning those companies from Facebook and requiring them to destroy all improperly collected data.”
Facebook On Friday, we reported the results of a long investigation into the origins of Facebook that revealed startling new information about the company's early days.
Among other things, the investigation revealed that Facebook's founder and CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, took private Facebook member login information and used it to break into the private email accounts of those members. At best, this is a gross misuse of private information.
Facebook has not denied that this incident took place. Facebook also has not denied that Mark later hacked into the servers of a competitor, ConnectU, and changed some user information.
Given the general unease about the use of privacy and personal information online--and particularly at Facebook--and given lingering concerns about Mark's business ethics, Mark needs to address these incidents directly and forthrightly.
At the time of these abuses, Mark was a 19-year old college sophomore. If not an excuse, this is certainly a potentially mitigating factor--assuming that, in the 6 years since, Mark has significantly changed his attitude toward privacy and strengthened his sense of business ethics.
A person close to Facebook argues that Mark has changed and that, in fact, it was the fallout from these and other early mistakes that have helped shaped the rigorous privacy policies Facebook has in effect today.
We hope so. And based on the changes at Facebook over the past few years, as well as our interactions with Mark, we can believe it. But it's a critical issue, for Facebook, Facebook's 400 million users, and Mark--especially because 25 is not generally an age in which people can just dismiss "youthful indiscretions" with a wave of the hand. So we need to hear directly from Mark.
Specifically, we need to hear Mark explain why, despite these early incidents, Facebook members can be certain that their private information is safe with the company, as well as how and why his own attitudes toward privacy and business ethics have changed in the past 6 years.
See Also:
A guard stands in front of rows of empty bunks at Tent City Jail during an event celebrating the jail's 20th year in operation on Aug. 3, 2013, in Phoenix. (Photo: The Republic)
Tent City, Maricopa County's open-air jail notorious for hosting inmates wearing pink underwear in the blistering summer heat, will shut down, according to Sheriff Paul Penzone.
Penzone made the announcement Tuesday based on the recommendation of an advisory committee that he appointed after taking office in January.
The tents served as a prominent symbol of Penzone's predecessor, Joe Arpaio, who erected the facility in 1993, his first year in office, and held it up as an inexpensive solution to overcrowded jails. Penzone defeated Arpaio in last year's general election, ending his 24-year span as sheriff.
At an afternoon press conference Tuesday, Penzone said Tent City has become the preferred location for inmates and a liability for understaffed detention officers. Shuttering the facility will save the county approximately $4.5 million a year, he said.
Anticipating potential criticism about the move, Penzone assured the community there is plenty of room at the county's other detention facilities
“This facility is not a crime deterrent, it is not cost efficient, and it is not tough on criminals,” he said, adding that the facility had become more of a "circus" atmosphere for the general public. "Starting today, that circus ends, and these tents come down.”
Penzone said the process would not happen overnight. About 50 percent of the Tent City inmates — there are about 800 of them — will be moved to other facilities in the next 45 to 60 days, while those on work furlough may take up to six months.
Part of Arpaio's 'tough on crime' image
As jail populations dwindled in recent years, Tent City stood largely as a political pawn for its founder. Arpaio, who first was elected in 1992 and remained sheriff until Penzone unseated him, pointed to the facility as a testament to his “tough on crime” image, and last year refused to consider its closing at the expense of detention-officer raises.
Tent City was expected to cost about $8.6 million over the current fiscal year, yet recent inmate counts show the facility is all but vacant.
A snapshot from September showed only about 400 of Tent City's 2,176 beds were occupied by full-time inmates. Another 400 were sleeping at the tents but were on work furlough, meaning they are released into the community for 12 hours a day.
Though he only announced his official decision on Tuesday, Penzone seemed to foreshadow the facility's fate in an interview earlier this year.
“The cost efficiency of the jail has likely diminished” since it was opened, Penzone said, but “it's going to be a data-driven decision.”
The committee is chaired by former Arizona Attorney General Grant Woods, who teased the announcement Tuesday morning on social media.
“After months of study, we are ready to make our recommendations to the Sheriff concerning Tent City,” Woods tweeted.
Woods said earlier that the committee's goal was to determine whether Tent City served a legitimate public-safety service and whether it was a worthy taxpayer expense.
The ultimate decision was played close to the vest, with the committee closing its meetings to the public and the media.
At the press conference, Woods said most of the inmates actually preferred the open space of Tent City to its indoor counterparts, which flies in the face of civil-rights advocates who for years have claimed conditions at the jail facility were unusually harsh.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Also, Woods noted, a Tent City stint was voluntary. Inmates had the choice to be housed inside.
"That tells you that the negative image that we've gotten since 1993 — that we are so tough on prisoners in Maricopa County — that that was false," he said.
Woods noted that this was good and bad news: While the county suffered an undue negative image because of the tents, he was relieved to hear the inmates hadn't been mistreated there.
“Having said that, the days of Arizona being a place — I hope — where people are humiliated or embarrassed or abused or ridiculed for the self-aggrandizement of anybody or anything are over,” he said. “They have no place in our community, they don't reflect our community, and we're moving on.”
Decision to close jail unanimous
Other board members hold an assortment of community-service expertise and include Maricopa County NAACP President Dr. Ann Hart, Arizona public-health expert Will Humble, and Lydia Guzman, a civil-rights activist for Latinos and longstanding critic of Arpaio.
The decision to close Tent City was unanimous among the board members.
Tuesday's recommendation is the most significant departure from Arpaio-era policies since mid-February, when Penzone announced he would no longer honor “courtesy” immigration holds for the federal government in his jails.
Arpaio, who became a national celebrity for his hard-line policing strategies against illegal immigration, endured multimillion-dollar court battles to preserve this image. An ongoing racial-profiling lawsuit has now cost the county nearly $56 million.
Penzone framed himself as the anti-Arpaio on the campaign trail. He promised to move away from politically based decisions in favor of public safety and fiscal responsibility.
Tent City Jail was erected in 1993, where a 7-acre compound in south Phoenix was stocked with military-surplus tents rather than brick and mortar. The facility only houses sentenced inmates — largely DUI offenders — rather than those held before trial.
The facility has drawn the ire of civil-rights activists for years. The open-air facility subjects inmates to all of the elements of the Phoenix desert, including the summer's blistering 110-plus-degree temperatures.
Arpaio said he respects Penzone's decision
Protesters gather April 4, 2017, in front of the county's Tent City Jail in Phoenix. Led by the group Puente, the protesters called for closing Tent City as well as adopting other Maricopa County jail reforms. (Photo: Eric Newman/The Republic)
When reached for comment after the press conference, former Sheriff Joe Arpaio said he would respect Penzone's decision.
"That's his call, OK? Not mine. I'm not going to second-guess him," he said. "If I was still the sheriff, those tents would never be gone."
Arpaio said Tent City was a "great program" when he started it 24 years ago and claimed that it saved "millions and millions of dollars."
"George Soros got his wish," Arpaio said, referring to the liberal billionaire who funded anti-Arpaio ads during the 2016 campaign. "When he pumped about $5 million against me to get me out of office, he wanted to close Tent City. So I guess he got his wish."
The timing of Penzone's announcement coincides with a rally to close Tent City that immigrant-rights groups and labor organizers held outside of Tent City late Tuesday afternoon.
Close to 50 demonstrators showed up at the rally, applauding Penzone's move and urging him to continue making reforms at the county jails.
"We're really looking forward to seeing this first step and looking forward to seeing him take many more steps,'' said Maria Castro, an organizer with Phoenix-based Puente Human Rights Movement, which works with migrant communities in Arizona.
“This is a community victory. This is something we've been working hard for for many years.''
She called on Penzone to provide adequate meals and needed supplies to inmates, in particular women who are incarcerated at the jails and to remove U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who screen detainees during the booking process in the Fourth Avenue Jail.
The Tuesday afternoon rally was part of a national demonstration calling for “racial and economic justice” on the anniversary of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s assassination, according to Abril Gallardo, organizer for Living United for Change Arizona.
Elva “Paty” Bernal, a 53-year-old Phoenix resident, was held last year for several hours at the Tent City Jail and later transferred to federal immigration officials after she pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor DUI conviction from December 2015, she said in an interview with The Arizona Republic.
Bernal said the jail was “inhumane” and she's glad it will be shutting down.
"The food is expired, the water isn't drinkable … It was an experience that I wouldn't wish upon anybody,” Bernal said. “I'm very happy because we are fighting for the well-being of our community, there won't be any other people who'll go through what I experienced. We'll keep raising our voices to get immigration out of jails in Arizona.”
Bernal has lived in the U.S. without immigration status for more than 30 years after crossing the border illegally, and her six children were all born in the U.S.
Arizona Republic reporter Eric Newman contributed to this article.
Pictured in 2013, former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio stands near rows of empty bunks at Tent City Jail in Phoenix. Tent City is a major part of Arpaio's legacy. (Photo: The Republic)
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2nUC5U7
The Arizona Cardinals took the field for their second practice of training camp on Sunday. Here are some takeaways and observations from practice that I got.
Off day for Carson Palmer
Quarterback Carson Palmer's workload has been managed closely since the start of the offseason. With a great practice on Saturday and the pads coming out on Monday, Palmer got the afternoon off. That gave Drew Stanton reps with the first team and Blaine Gabbert with the second team. Trevor Knight, who got no reps at all in 11-on-11 drills on Saturday, worked the entire afternoon with the third team. Palmer will be back on the field for practice in pads on Monday.
Palmer off day QB play Players who sat out Player rotation changes Phil Dawson's leg strength Players who stood out
Hey! I'm here.
Sorry for being AFK, but 2016 is one of the most difficult years I've had in a long time. Everything is "fine", just seems to be one thing after another, the flood in Louisiana being the latest. Both parents lost their homes and vehicles and it's been a bit crazy to say the least. Didn't mean to spend so much time away, I've just had to focus on real life.
I'm still on standby for receiving my portion of the proxy. Just got word from Samwisekoi that the address he used was incorrect -- I don't know why yet -- and they were returned to him. I've given him my addresses and I'll pay for the re-shipping to get things back on track.
Once I have the boards in hand, I will get back to the list and confirm everyone again. With everything else on my plate, I figured this could wait until I had the items ready to ship and then just do it in one big batch.
Thanks for everyone's continued patience.
Marijuana addiction
Signs of marijuana abuse:
Rapid, loud talking and bursts of laughter in early stages of intoxication.
Sleepy or stuporous in the later stages.
Lack of concentration and coordination.
Forgetfulness in conversation.
Inflammation in whites of eyes.
Odor similar to burnt rope on clothing or breath.
Distorted sense of time passage—tendency to overestimate time intervals.
Craving for sweets.
Increased appetite.
Use or possession of paraphernalia including roach clip, packs of rolling papers, pipes or bong.
How does marijuana affect the body?
Some immediate physical effects of marijuana include:
a faster heartbeat and pulse rate
bloodshot eyes
dry mouth and throat
No scientific evidence indicates that marijuana improves hearing, eyesight, and skin sensitivity.
Marijuana use increases the heart rate as much as 50 percent, depending on the amount of THC.
It can cause chest pain in people who have a poor blood supply to the heart—and it produces these effects more rapidly than tobacco smoke does.
Scientists believe that marijuana can be especially harmful to the lungs because users often inhale the unfiltered smoke deeply and hold it in their lungs as long as possible. Therefore, the smoke is in contact with lung tissues for long periods of time, which irritates the lungs and damages the way they work.
Marijuana smoke contains some of the same ingredients in tobacco smoke that can cause emphysema and cancer. In addition, many marijuana users also smoke cigarettes; the combined effects of smoking these two substances creates an increased health risk.
“Burnout” is a term first used by marijuana smokers themselves to describe the effect of prolonged use. Young people who smoke marijuana heavily over long periods of time can become dull, slow-moving, and inattentive. These “burned-out” users are sometimes so unaware of their surroundings that they do not respond when friends speak to them, and they do not realize they have a problem.
Find out how the Narconon program can help with marijuana addiction.
How does marijuana affect your mind?
Laboratory studies have shown that animals exhibit symptoms of drug withdrawal after cessation of prolonged marijuana administration. Some human studies have also demonstrated withdrawal symptoms such as irritability, stomach pain, aggression, and anxiety after cessation of oral administration of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), marijuana's principal psychoactive component. Now, NIDA-supported researchers at McLean Hospital in Belmont, Massachusetts, and Columbia University in New York City have shown that individuals who regularly smoke marijuana experience withdrawal symptoms after they stop smoking the drug.
Studies at Columbia University in New York City have demonstrated that, in addition to aggression, marijuana smokers experience other withdrawal symptoms such as anxiety, stomach pain, and increased irritability during abstinence from the drug. “These results suggest that dependence may be an important consequence of repeated daily exposure to marijuana,” says NIDA.
More Marijuana Addiction Information
Hashish | History of Marijuana | Marijuana / Pot | Marijuana Timeline
Source:
London, UK – Friday, February 14, 2014
Science and style meld into engineered beauty in this fashion laboratory as the boundaries of wearable tech are tested. Studio XO is what you get when you team world class fashion designers with Harvard educated engineers to construct clothes for the future, today.
Nanobots in your clothes that will clean your hair? Dresses that change color when you stroke them. The possibilities are limitless!
Watch the video above to learn how these designs come about, how they will merge with technology to do amazing things, and what sort of clients is commissioning these one of a kind getups (SPOILER: Lady Gaga is one of them). These are all designs that I'm sure The Jetsons®* wished they had been wearing…instead of this shit.
“The Jetscums” I am portraying Gorge's boy Elroid. *Note, we are cheap Hanna-Barbera® knockoffs.
El Sapo, the Tex-Mex burger cantina from the El Chile Group, is now closed. Its last day was Friday, September 1. The restaurant moved from its original Manor Road home to West 10th Street earlier this summer.
There was no specific reason given for El Sapo's shutter, but a rep for El Chile Group shared the following statement:
"We are sad to report that due to circumstances beyond our control, El Sapo will be closing permanently effective today. We want to thank our loyal customers for your amazing support.”
There are no plans to reopen El Sapo somewhere else.
El Sapo took over the space that formerly belonged to pig-focused restaurant Bacon. That restaurant closed last fall because of constant problems with flooding from Shoal Creek.
El Sapo first began as the Flat Top Burger Shop on Manor Road. Under El Chile Group's restaurant umbrella are El Chile, El Chilito, Alcomar, and the anticipated Peruvian restaurant Yuyo.
Related 16 Exceptional Veggie Burgers in Austin
France Manages a Feat Obama Never Could -- Successfully Locating Raqqa on a Pilot's Map
Twenty bombs dropped on the ISIS/Daesh capital city of Raqqa -- the biggest airstrike on Syria in the war, which is hardly surprising, since up 'til now Obama's been the quarterback.
Caption: Ten French fighter jets drop twenty bombs on Raqqa the stronghold [of ISIS]
Raqqa is the capital city of the Jihadi Empire. Vice did a special about it. It's a city the jihadis have kept in reasonably good shape -- because it's a showcase city, where jihadis vacation and luxuriate. They get married there.
It's a prestige city.
It's also their military headquarters.
Why does it still exist after two years of Obama's phony Public Relations war?
Oh, I guess I answered my own question.
Bitcoin: The Greatest Story Ever Sold
By
Cognitive Dissonance
“Sell the sizzle, not the steak.” – The Oldest sales trick in the book
“Resistance is futile. You must assimilate” - The Borg
Once I discover what triggers or motivates a person, and then figure out how to activate it, I can sell anything. And it doesn't even need to be a product or service they previously wanted.
Case in point….life insurance.
I sold life insurance for almost ten years and made a decent living while doing so. I never forced anything on anyone and quickly canceled the policy if they decided later it was not what they wanted.
Very few did. I had the second lowest lapse/cancel rate in my region.
You want the customer to decide on their own volition, and with minimal prompting on your part, that they want; no, they need what you are selling. Once this occurs, you are simply an order taker filling the expressed need(s) of the customer.
To do so you sell the sizzle, not the steak.
I wasn't selling life insurance. I was solving a financial ‘problem' everyone has, but often doesn't recognize as a problem, is in denial of the problem or fears the problem is too big or expensive to solve.
I am not bragging, but rather pointing out something very few people consider. We are all heavily influenced by (psychological warfare) sales techniques deeply rooted in all sales pitches delivered by skilled practitioners. And the number one most powerful technique employed is to plant a seed that leverages the customer's own emotional triggers.
Taken to the extreme level, once a person is triggered within carefully controlled and presented parameters, anything is possible. The key is to get them to turn off the critical thinking component of the mind (while letting them believe they have not) and ramp up the emotional coefficient (while supporting their belief they have not) all while encouraging them to believe it's their own genius idea. So…what does this have to do with Bitcoin?
In a word…everything!
Whether by design or natural evolution, and possibly a combination of the two, the Bitcoin ‘story' pushes all the right buttons needed to ignite a stampede of exponential proportions. And what a story it is.
A small group of intrepid anarchists/libertarians/misfits/geeks/geniuses led by the mysterious and still unknown Satoshi Nakamoto created and developed Bitcoin and the supporting blockchain to thumb their noses at the global banking hierarchy/governmental control conglomerate/conspiracy, freeing the financially oppressed and liberty suppressed underclass to rebel against the new world order and bring chaos reigning down upon the Empire by undermining their control mechanisms, the insidious central banking cesspools and their worthless fiat currencies.
Or something like that.
If you take several steps back and attempt to see the big picture, it sure sounds to me like a deliciously naughty Tom Clancy novel or even an episode from Star Wars titled “The Rebels Strike Back”. What wannabe star fighter pilot wouldn't love to stick it to the man by buying Bitcoin and giving all of them the finger in the process?
And if you just so happen to become flighty rich in the process, so much the better. Once you become the richest man on the planet you will rain itty bitty Bitcoin pieces upon the starving masses and save the world from those fat cat bankers and various sociopathic leader scum.
No feat of narcissistic imagination could get any better than this real life fairly tale of a story. Destroy the world to save it while becoming wealthy beyond imagination, all by doing little more than pushing a button and HODLing. Hell, sell the house, the car, even the wife, whatever it takes to buy more Bitcoin to fight the evil elite and save humanity from itself.
Obviously I am exaggerating a bit. But judging from the various pro Bitcoin rationalization articles I've read over the last few months of Bitcoin's parabolic rise, I'm only exaggerating a little bit.
The most valuable currency in the world is belief, whether in an ideology, a physical entity or even a supreme being. If you can combine all those and more, you have on your hands a rip-your-face-off social movement that knows no upper limit…right up until it does.
This is not to say Bitcoin is fake. On the contrary, it is as real as any other ‘currency' simply because those who own, trade, spend and HODL (Hold On for Dear Life) Bitcoin believe it to be real. This is no different than widespread faith and belief in the almighty US Dollar, Japanese Yen or English pound, other than the official virtual currency(s) is backed by nothing more tangible than the mighty American military machine.
Which, I might delicately add, a military that's (eventually) turned loose upon any entity, foreign or domestic, that threatens to undermine our faith and belief in the almighty US Dollar.
Let's see what we have here.
A ‘currency' that is rather difficult to spend at your local Five and Dime (but becoming less so on a daily basis) therefore you are mostly limited to holding or trading it, is restricted to 21 million units in total of which 12 million is presently available with a float many orders of magnitude less, is blindly supported by a group of rabid HODLing believers who are now filthy rich if they bought it just last week or earlier and which is clearly and obviously manipulated by parties unknown to such a degree the Chinese are insanely jealous, but are quietly taking pictures and furiously scribbling notes.
Do I have that right? Did I miss anything?
Seen from the perspective of a veteran salesman, I'm insanely jealous I didn't come up with this idea myself. The best I've ever managed was to come up with the idea of visiting pet sitters several years before it went mainstream. It was my severe allergy to cats that prevented me from taking it nationwide. Permanent post nasal drip isn't conducive to begging Silicon Valley angel investors for funding.
Color my cynical, but I'm now old enough to recognize dirty tricks when they come around for a second, third and fourth airing. And Bitcoin stinks of reverse psychology skullduggery squared to the infinite power. But the amazing thing is this doesn't invalidate Bitcoin in the least, and may actually lend even more sizzle to the bold Bitcoin steak.
I was hoodwinked by an unknown three letter agencies and all I got was this stupid tee shirt and several million/billion dollars.
How do you get someone to eat the peas they claim to hate? Dress them up as jelly beans and pay them obscene amounts of fiat to consume them. Pretty soon everyone wants to eat their peas and keep them too.
I seem to remember article after article outlining how every official fiat counterfeiter and central bank pusher in the world was proclaiming the virtues of virtual currency while decreeing physical cash, currency and coin as evil incarnate and the devil's playground. The howls of distrust and revulsion among every single breathing human being, other than the fiat conflicted and consumed, about the loss of cold hard cash were hard to ignore.
Clearly the average Jane and Joe did not wish to part with their small cache of cash, regardless of whether the majority of their actual ‘wealth' was little more than ones and zeros safely tucked away in the cloud, secure fluffy white cumulonimbus we can only hope.
While Bitcoin has been around since 2009/10, only in the last few months has it entered the public mind with stories of instant millionaires whose road to success was scratching off the winning lottery ticket rather than growing their wealth the old fashioned way, by lying, cheating and stealing as the elite have done.
But while Bitcoin has blazed the trail of consent to more widespread distribution via the greed button, the heavy yeoman's psyops work is actually being done by the introduction of hundreds of competing cryptocurrencies. While many feel they have missed the Bitcoin train, there is still plenty of virtual crypto lottery tickets, freshly mined daily, that are waiting to be scratched. The once reluctant mind has turned positively manic with excitement.
Mission accomplished.
You see, Bitcoin doesn't actually need to be fake or fatally flawed in order to act as the messenger carrying the impregnated cryptoseed stealthily implanted, then germinated, within the minds of the teaming masses. The more Bitcoin billionaires there are, the more the masses will yearn for a piece of the crypto pie. Just a few crumbs are all I want dear sir.
For those unaware of this sales technique, predictive programming is its name and cognitive leverage is its game, a fact well known on Madison Avenue, in Langley, Virginia and Fort Meade, Maryland. The CIA in particular uses this, and many other techniques, on a regular basis throughout the world to depose leaders, ignite revolutions and plant subtle memes to be used now or later.
Only the terminally naïve believe the CIA restricts its nefarious activities to foreign soil. From its perspective, the CIA sees itself as the behind-the-scenes defender of the “American Way” and it will use any and all tools at its disposal to do so. Not only will it manipulate foreign perceptions, but also domestic views and ideas that form our own reality.
Either we make our own reality or we live within someone else's creation. The CIA and various other three letter agencies are tasked with creating our reality for us and they will use any means available to do so.
Since it is becoming increasingly obvious to anyone with two working brain cells that the almighty dollar is under increasing pressure from all points of the compass, it stands to reason this dollar assault is considered a national security issue and will be confronted, and defended, both directly and indirectly.
Here's the thing I keep coming back to. While many people love to believe all government is grossly ineffective, incompetent and wasteful (and much of it is) the CIA and others of the same breed employ delicately precise and blunt force trauma overkill to the nth degree. Combine this with a deep state presence whose only goal is to maintain or increase their power and you have a mixed cocktail of intoxicating proportions.
Even if Bitcoin in particular, and blockchain in general, were not created and/or enabled at birth by the CIA/NSA etc. doesn't mean they remain pure as the Virgin Mary now. If Bitcoin really is such a threat to the established financial empire as the cryptomaniacs claim it to be, why hasn't the establishment taken direct and effective steps against it long before now?
Regardless if the blockchain is a distributed network that cannot be stopped, all one must do is outlaw the use and/or conversion of Bitcoin to the local coin of the realm to immediately stop its rapid, and profitable, propagation. Since this has not occurred to date, one must surmise there is a reason for not doing so.
All the police state needs to do is cry national security and the curtain comes down on the Bitcoin stage (d) production. You do not need to destroy the rebel force in order to render it ineffective.
While the deep state and its minions are rarely of one mind about a multitude of issues, witness the constant infighting and jockeying for position, nothing clears the mind or clarifies its purpose like the certain knowledge of imminent demise. If Bitcoin, blockchain and the hundreds of other cryptocurrencies were the mortal danger loudly advertised by the Bitcoin ideologies, it would be squashed in a New York minute.
You don't f**k with Mother Nature nor Father Fiat.
I fully and readily admit I have no crystal ball insight into the machinations of the deep state, nor any awareness of its true goals and end game. Nor must I know in order to smell the skunk in the blockchain woodpile.
All threats to the Empire, whether real, imagined or artificially created, are directly and/or indirectly confronted into extinction or assimilation. An aware and open-minded examination of the social revolts and uprisings of the 60's and 70's in the US exposes the counterintelligence programs of subversion, infiltration, control and even genesis of these threats that rendered all of them ineffective, distracted, distorted and ultimately mute.
Since Bitcoin and blockchain has not to date been significantly impeded, one must surmise it is serving the purpose of the Empire to exist. As hurtful to the ideology and the ego as this thought might be, I strongly suspect Bitcoin and its ilk is not what they appear to be.
Still, that doesn't prevent you or me from becoming filthy rich in the process. Go for the gusto my friend, drink deep from the intoxicating waters of easy wealth. Just remember something many will forget in their mad rush to Bitcoin/blockchain riches.
Money changes people in fundamental ways. It is the ultimate mind virus, bar none. The easiest and most effective way to dull the rebel mind is to shower it with wealth and power. The catch is you must become one with the Empire to enjoy it.
Resistance is futile. You must assimilate.
12-17-2017
Cognitive Dissonance
I thought it would be fun to put up this quirky example of how sometimes things that really ought to be random turn out not to be. It's also an excuse to mention a strange connection between astronomy and statistics.
The astronomer Simon Newcomb (right) was born in 1835 in Nova Scotia (Canada). He had no real formal education at all, but since there wasn't much else to do in Nova Scotia, he taught himself mathematics and astronomy and became very adept at performing astronomical calculations with great diligence. He began work in a lowly position at the US Nautical Almanac Office in 1857, and by 1877 he was director. He became was professor of Mathematics and Astronomy and Johns Hopkins University from 1884 until 1893 and was made the first ever president of the American Astronomical Society in 1899; he died in 1909.
Newcomb was performing lengthy numerical calculations in an era long before the invention of the pocket calculator or desktop computer. In those days many such calculations, including virtually anything involving multiplication, had to be done using logarithms. The logarithm (to the base ten) of a number x is defined to be the number a such that x=10a. To multiply two numbers whose logarithms are a and b respectively involves simply adding the logarithms: 10a times 10b=10(a+b), which helps a lot because adding is a lot easier than multiplying if you have no calculator. The initial logarithms are simply looked up in a table; to find the answer you use different tables to find the “inverse” logarithm.
Newcomb was a heavy user of his book of mathematical tables for this type of calculation, and it became very grubby and worn. But he also noticed that the first pages of the logarithms seemed to have been used much more than the others. This puzzled him greatly. Logarithm tables are presented in order of the first digit of the number required: the first pages therefore contain logarithms for numbers beginning with the digit 1. Newcomb used the tables for a vast range of different calculations of different things. He expected the first digits of numbers that he had to look up to just be as likely to be anything. Shouldn't they be randomly distributed? Shouldn't all the pages be equally used?
Once raised, this puzzle faded away until it was re-discovered in 1938 and acquired the name of Benford's law, or the first digit phenomenon. In virtually any list you can think of – street addresses, city populations, lengths of rivers, and so on – there are more entries beginning with the digit “1” than any other digit.
To give another example, although I admit this one is much harder to explain, in the American Physical Society's list of fundamental constants, or at least the last version I happened to look at, no less than 40% begin with the digit 1. If you've been writing physics examination papers recently like I have, you will notice a similar behaviour. Out of the 16 physical constants listed in the rubric of a physics examination paper lying on my desk right now, 6 begin with the digit 1.
So what is going on?
There is a (relatively) simple answer, and a more complicated one. I'll take the simple one first.
Consider street numbers in an address book as an example. Suppose Any street will be numbered from 1 to N. It doesn't really matter what N is as long as it is finite (and nobody has ever built an infinitely long street). Now think about the first digits of the addresses. There are 9 possibilities, because we never start an address with 0. On the face of it, we might expect a fraction 1/9 (approximately 11%) of the addresses will start with 1. Suppose N is 200. What fraction actually starts with 1? The answer is more than 50%. Everything from 100 upwards, plus 1, and 11 to 19. Very few starts with 9: only 9 itself, and 90-99 inclusive. If N is 300 then there are still more beginning with 1 than any other digit, and there are no more that start with 9. One only gets close to an equal fraction of each starting number if the value of N is an exact power of 10, e.g. 1000.
Now you can see why pulling numbers out of an address book leads to a distribution of first digits that is not at all uniform. As long as the numbers are being drawn from a collection of streets each of whom has a finite upper limit, then the result is bound to be biased towards low starting digits. Only if every street contained an exact power of ten addresses would the result be uniform. Every other possibility favours 1 at the start.
The more complicated version involves a scaling argument and is a more suitable explanation for the appearance of this phenomenon in measured physical quantities. Lengths, heights and weights of things are usually measured with respect to some reference quantity. In the absence of any other information, one might imagine that the distribution of whatever is being measured possesses some sort of invariance or symmetry with respect to the scale being chosen. In this case the prior distribution p(x) can be taken to have the so-called Jeffreys form, which is uniform in the logarithm, i.e. p(x) is proportional to 1/x. There obviously must be a cut-off at some point as this can't be allowed to go on forever as it doesn't converge for large x, but this doesn't really matter for the sake of this argument. We can suppose anyway that there are many powers of ten involved before this upper limit is reached.
In this case the probability that the first digit is D is just given by the ratio of two terms: In the numerator we have the integral between D and D+1 of p(x) (that's a measure of how much of the distribution represents numbers starting with the digit D) and on the denominator we have the integral between 1 and 10 of p(x) (the overall measure). The result, if we take p(x) to be proportional to 1/x, is just log (1+1/D).
The shape of this distribution is shown in the Figure. Note that about 30% of the first digits are expected to be 1. Of course I have made a number of simplifying assumptions that are unlikely to be exactly true, and the case of the physical constants is complicated by the fact that some are measured and some are defined, but I think this captures the essential reason for the curious behaviour of first digits.
If nothing else, it provides a valuable lesson that you should be careful in what variables you assume are uniformly distributed!
Advertisements
“What is the ultimate quantification of success? For me, it's not how much time you spend doing what you love. It's how little time you spend doing what you hate.” – Casey Neistat
Casey Neistat (@caseyneistat) is a New York-based filmmaker. His online films have been viewed nearly 300,000,000 times in the last 5 years.
He is the writer, director, editor, and star of the series The Neistat Brothers on HBO and won the John Cassavetes Award at the 2011 Independent Spirit Awards for the film Daddy Long Legs. His main body of work consists of dozens of short films he has released exclusively on the Internet, including regular contributions to the New York Times critically acclaimed Op-Docs series. He is also the founder of Beme, a startup aiming to make creating and sharing video dead simple.
Casey is excellent at breaking every rule imaginable and having people (fans, sponsors, big brands, etc.) thank him for it. In this conversation, we dig into his history, techniques, influences, habits, and more…
#116: How Casey Neistat Gets Away With Murder https://rss.art19.com/episodes/84df7eae-4d2d-4ebc-9ce2-21da47c64327.mp3 Download
Listen to it on iTunes.
Stream by clicking here.
Download as an MP3 by right-clicking here and choosing “save as.”
Want to hear another podcast with another award-winning moviemaker? — Listen to my conversations with Robert Rodriguez. In this episode, we discuss the making of From Dusk 'till Dawn, Sin City, and what it means to be the “Wizard” of Hollywood (stream below or right-click here to download):
How Renegade Filmmaker Casey Neistat Breaks Rules, Reinvents Himself, and Gets Thanked For It https://rss.art19.com/episodes/a1a49bef-971a-4c1c-b9af-216fd217e7c7.mp3 Download
This podcast is brought to you by Vimeo Pro, which is the ideal video hosting platform for entrepreneurs. In fact, a bunch of my start-ups are already using Vimeo Pro. WealthFront uses it to explain how WealthFront works. TaskRabbit uses it to tell the company's story. There are many other names who you would recognize among their customers (AirBnB, Etsy, etc.) Why do they use it? Vimeo Pro provides enterprise level video hosting for a fraction of the usual cost. Features include:
Gorgeous high-quality playback with no ads
Up to 20 GB of video storage every week
Unlimited plays and views
A fully customizable video player, which can include your company logo, custom outro, and more
You get all this for just $199 per year (that's only $17 per/mo.). There are no complicated bandwidth calculations or hidden fees. Try it risk-free for 30 days. Just go to Vimeo.com/business to check it out. If you like it, you can use the promo code “Tim” to get 25% off. This is a special discount just for you guys.
This podcast is also brought to you by Wealthfront. Wealthfront is a massively disruptive (in a good way) set-it-and-forget-it investing service, led by technologists from places like Apple and world-famous investors. It has exploded in popularity in the last 2 years and now has more than $2.5B under management. In fact, some of my good investor friends in Silicon Valley have millions of their own money in Wealthfront. Why? Because you can get services previously limited to the ultra-wealthy and only pay pennies on the dollar for them, and it's all through smarter software instead of retail locations and bloated sales teams.
Check out wealthfront.com/tim, take their risk assessment quiz, which only takes 2-5 minutes, and they'll show you—for free–exactly the portfolio they'd put you in. If you want to just take their advice and do it yourself, you can. Or, as I would, you can set it and forget it. Well worth a few minutes: wealthfront.com/tim.
QUESTION(S) OF THE DAY: Casey is breaking the mold for what it means to be a filmmaker. Who are your favorite entertainers, artists, or entrepreneurs who are breaking the mold? Please let me know in the comments.
Scroll below for links and show notes…
Enjoy!
Selected Links from the Episode
Here are a few articles about Casey:
Get Away with Murder | Teen Welfare Dad |
Want to hack commercial flights? Check out Free Business Class Upgrades, everytime (Note: you must fly a whole lot)
Casey Neistat's vlogging equipment
Cannon 70d | Sony RX-100
Mr. Ben Brown | Fun For Louis
Neil Gaiman's commencement speech, Make Good Art
Casey's favorite movies:
Life And Death Of Colonel Blimp (IMDb) | Little Dieter Needs to Fly (IMDb)
Casey's running playlist, Jonny Famous
Connect with Casey Neistat:
Subscribe to Casey on YouTube | Draw My Life | Beme | Twitter
Show Notes
On the challenges of working in New York City [2:20]
How Casey Neistat grew up [3:45]
The story of Bike Lanes [7:50]
How Casey Neistat responds when people ask, “what do you do?” [13:45]
The story behind Make It Count [15:05]
Casey's pitch to Nike for the Make It Count video [18:05]
Suggestions for packing [23:15]
Thoughts on post production software [25:05]
Where novice YouTubers waste the most time [26:50]
Thoughts on how to be successful with YouTube [30:15]
On the decision to make a daily vlog [34:40]
The importance of devoting time to communicating with your audience [39:00]
The story behind Casey's first paid gig in the entertainment business [40:30]
When you think of the word successful, who is the first person that comes to mind and why? [44:40]
Who makes Casey Neistat feel star-struck? [50:10]
Tips on developing the ability to be well-spoken [54:40]
Rapid fire questions: Most gifted books, the best purchase of $100 or less, and favorite vloggers [1:01:05]
Common misconceptions [1:07:25]
On how to say, “no” [1:09:20]
What is a belief that you have that many people may think is crazy? [1:12:00]
The thinking behind Beme [1:15:00]
Top films that may not have been fully appreciated [1:20:50]
If you could put a billboard anywhere and write anything on it, where would it be and what would it say? [1:23:55]
An ask/suggestion for the audience [1:28:15]
People Mentioned
Posted on: October 27, 2015.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Reddit
Print
Please check out Tribe of Mentors, my newest book, which shares short, tactical life advice from 100+ world-class performers. Many of the world's most famous entrepreneurs, athletes, investors, poker players, and artists are part of the book. The tips and strategies in Tribe of Mentors has already changed my life, and I hope the same for you. Click here for a sample chapter and full details. Roughly 90% of the guests have never appeared on my podcast.
Who was interviewed? Here's a very partial list: tech icons (founders of Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Craigslist, Pinterest, Spotify, Salesforce, Dropbox, and more), Jimmy Fallon, Arianna Huffington, Brandon Stanton (Humans of New York), Lord Rabbi Jonathan Sacks, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Ben Stiller, Maurice Ashley (first African-American Grandmaster of chess), Brené Brown (researcher and bestselling author), Rick Rubin (legendary music producer), Temple Grandin (animal behavior expert and autism activist), Franklin Leonard (The Black List), Dara Torres (12-time Olympic medalist in swimming), David Lynch (director), Kelly Slater (surfing legend), Bozoma Saint John (Beats/Apple/Uber), Lewis Cantley (famed cancer researcher), Maria Sharapova, Chris Anderson (curator of TED), Terry Crews, Greg Norman (golf icon), Vitalik Buterin (creator of Ethereum), and nearly 100 more. Check it all out by clicking here.
BEIJING -- The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank earned a top-notch rating from Moody's Investors Service thanks to factors such as a solid capital base and good management, an endorsement that should give the lender easier access to global bond markets.
The Aaa rating with a stable outlook reflects "the strength of AIIB's governance frameworks, including its policies on risk management, capital adequacy and liquidity," the U.S.-based ratings agency wrote Thursday. With the highest credit rating, which came just a year and a half after its formation, the Beijing-led bank now stands shoulder to shoulder with more established international institutions such as the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank.
The AIIB's $100 billion capital base "is already larger than at more established Aaa-rated" multilateral development banks, Moody's noted. Outstanding financing totals around $2.5 billion, just 2.5% of available capital, and consists largely of low-risk syndicated loans with peers including the World Bank. The lender's liquidity policy is also "in line with, and in some cases more stringent than, those of Aaa-rated peers," the agency said.
The awarding of a rating from an internationally respected agency like Moody's surprised many. The New Development Bank -- the so-called BRICS bank established by Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa -- has garnered investment-grade ratings from only Chinese agencies, whose standards are seen by some as lax. The bank has so far only issued yuan-denominated bonds in China.
The high rating from Moody's will enable the AIIB to issue debt overseas more easily as well as raise funds more cheaply, letting it offer financing at lower interest rates. The lender also will gain easier access to currencies besides the yuan, including dollars.
The triple-A rating is also a surprise in itself. Some had expected the assessment to be affected by Moody's downgrade last month of China, which contributes about 30% of the lender's capital.
Other ratings agencies likely will weigh in as well. AIIB President Jin Liqun predicted after an annual meeting this month that the bank could get ratings from the three big agencies this year.
AIIB probably will tout Moody's positive assessment of its risk management and finances as an international stamp of approval. But the lender cannot rest on its laurels. The agency warned that the rating could fall if "underwriting and risk management processes were to fail to evolve" as those of top-rated peers have, or if China or other key shareholders become less willing or able to provide financial support.
[Updated] “Some of the world's richest people were braced for their financial details to be exposed on Tuesday night after a major offshore company admitted that its computer records had been hacked,” the UK's Telegraph reported in a story headlined “Super-rich fear their financial details will be exposed following Bermuda cyber hack.”
And major law firm Appleby has released a statement saying, “Appleby has recently received enquiries from the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists [ICIJ] and a number of media organisations who are partners of the ICIJ. These enquiries have arisen from documents that journalists claim to have seen and involve allegations made against our business and the business conducted by some of our clients.
“We take any allegation of wrongdoing, implicit or otherwise, extremely seriously. Appleby operates in highly regulated jurisdictions and like all professional organisations in our regions, we are subject to frequent regulatory checks and we are committed to achieving the high standards set by our regulators.
“Appleby has thoroughly and vigorously investigated the allegations and we are satisfied that there is no evidence of any wrongdoing, either on the part of ourselves or our clients.”
“We are disappointed that the media may choose to use information which could have emanated from material obtained illegally and that this may result in exposing innocent parties to data protection breaches.”
Telegraph Story
The story said, “Appleby, a firm based in Bermuda with offices in many tax havens, said it was in the process of warning clients that they may be implicated in a massive leak of sensitive information.
“It is understood the leak involves some of Britain's wealthiest people, who were instructing lawyers and public relations companies in an effort to protect their reputations.
“The disclosure of the leak also threatens to call into question the status of several British Overseas Territories which can offer tax benefits to the very wealthy.”
Cover Of Telegraph Newspaper
Appleby Statement
A statement from Appleby said, “Appleby has recently received enquiries from the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists [ICIJ] and a number of media organisations who are partners of the ICIJ. These enquiries have arisen from documents that journalists claim to have seen and involve allegations made against our business and the business conducted by some of our clients.
“We take any allegation of wrongdoing, implicit or otherwise, extremely seriously. Appleby operates in highly regulated jurisdictions and like all professional organisations in our regions, we are subject to frequent regulatory checks and we are committed to achieving the high standards set by our regulators. We are also committed to the highest standards of client service and confidentiality. It is what we stand for. This commitment is unequivocal.
“Appleby has thoroughly and vigorously investigated the allegations and we are satisfied that there is no evidence of any wrongdoing, either on the part of ourselves or our clients. We refute any allegations which may suggest otherwise and we would be happy to cooperate fully with any legitimate and authorised investigation of the allegations by the appropriate and relevant authorities.
“We are an offshore law firm who advises clients on legitimate and lawful ways to conduct their business. We do not tolerate illegal behaviour. It is true that we are not infallible. Where we find that mistakes have happened we act quickly to put things right and we make the necessary notifications to the relevant authorities.
“We are committed to protecting our clients' data and we have reviewed our cybersecurity and data access arrangements following a data security incident last year which involved some of our data being compromised. These arrangements were reviewed and tested by a leading IT Forensics team and we are confident that our data integrity is secure.
“We are disappointed that the media may choose to use information which could have emanated from material obtained illegally and that this may result in exposing innocent parties to data protection breaches. Having researched the ICIJ's allegations we believe they are unfounded and based on a lack of understanding of the legitimate and lawful structures used in the offshore sector.
“The ICIJ themselves recognise the legitimacy of the offshore sector with the following statement on their website: “There are legitimate uses for offshore companies and trusts. We do not intend to suggest or imply that any people, companies or other entities included in the ICIJ Offshore Leaks Database have broken the law or otherwise acted improperly.”
“We reiterate our commitment to responsible business conduct. If you are a client of Appleby and you wish to discuss any aspect of this statement, please call +44 [0]1624 647 915, or email enquiries@applebyglobal.com”.
Update Oct 25, 8.44pm: In response to our queries, a police spokesperson said, “Following recent local media reports the Bermuda Police Service is aware of this matter which apparently occurred a year ago – but has not received any related criminal complaint to date.”
Read More About
Category: All, Business, News, technology
This is the cover to What If? Spider-man: The Other from Marvel Comics. I'm really proud of this one because Peter David is the writer of the issue and he didn't know what story to write until he saw my cover. Apparently it inspired him to write, what he calls, the creepiest story he's ever written so I'm very flattered. The cover is an homage to Joe Quesada's original 'Spider-man:the Other #1 cover' which was an homage to Da Vinci's 'Proportions of the Human Body' so I guess you could say it's a double homage. Pencils and inks by me with colors by Christina Strain. You can read more about the issue here:MySpace: [link] Hope you dig!-MarkEDIT BONUS!: For anyne that's still checking this image, here's the translated text. When reversed, translated, and read correctly, it translates as:"(Top): Rest in peace / The play is over / The fat lady has sung / Death equals all things / Death is everything's final limit / Never despair! / Not all of me will die / It ain't over until it's over / Everything changes, nothing perishes / You have a big piece of spinach in your front teeth.(Bottom): While I breathe, I hope / Nature does nothing in vain / Look around you, remember that you are mortal / It is said that for a sick man, there is hope as long as there is life / While we have the time, let us do good / I am broken, I am not deflected / Anything said in Latin sounds profound / Get a life / How fearful is this hour / A precipice in front, wolves behind / Be patient and tough; some day this pain will be useful to you / For those in misery perhaps better things will follow / We do not fear death, but the thought of death / After the darkness, light / You're from New York, aren't you? / Royally screwed."
DHAKA (Reuters) - One of the three militants killed by Bangladeshi security forces on Saturday in connection with July's Dhaka cafe attack came from a posh area of the city like some of the attackers and went to a prestigious foreign university, police said on Sunday.
Security personnel are seen inside a house where police says militants were killed after a gunbattle on the outskirts of Dhaka, Bangladesh, August 27, 2016. REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain
Towsif Hossain was from Dhaka's leafy Dhanmondi neighborhood and was missing since February. Like Nibras Islam, one of the five young and affluent cafe attackers who was killed after a 12-hour siege on July 2, Hossain had also attended the Kuala Lumpur campus of Australia's prestigious Monash University, the head of the Dhaka police counterterrorism unit told reporters.
The other militant killed on Saturday morning was Fazle Rabbi from the Jessore district northwest of Dhaka, who was missing from last April, counter-terrorism head Monirul Islam said. Rabbi's family has fled, police said.
The cafe attack was claimed by Islamic State and killed 22 people, mostly foreigners. It alarmed security and political experts because of the profile of the perpetrators: educated youths from privileged backgrounds who had turned to radical Islamism only recently. Both Hossain and Rabbi were around 25, police said.
Malaysian police said last month that at least two of the militants behind the cafe attack had attended Monash, although they did not name them. The militants singled out non-Muslims and foreigners in the attack, killing Italians, Japanese, an American and an Indian.
The identity of Tamim Ahmed Chowdhury, a 30-year-old Bangladeshi-born Canadian citizen suspected to be the mastermind of the cafe attack, was confirmed on Saturday itself.
The militants were cornered on Saturday in a hideout on the outskirts of Dhaka, and having refused to surrender, were killed in the ensuing gun battle.
Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has said the police operation would uphold confidence and the image of her country, and came ahead of U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's visit to Dhaka on Monday.
The government has denied the involvement of Islamic State in the attack and instead blamed Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh, which has pledged allegiance to the group active in Syria and Iraq, for organizing the assault that has weighed on the poor South Asian economy's $28 billion garments export industry.
Analysts say Islamic State in April identified Chowdhury as its national commander in Bangladesh.
Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei delivers a speech during a ceremony marking the 25th death anniversary of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, founder of the Islamic Republic, in Tehran June 4, 2014.
TEHRAN -- Iran's parliament on Tuesday took a step closer to criminalizing permanent forms of contraception, in a move intended to turn around a decreasing population rate.
The framework of legislation that would ban abortions, vasectomies, tubectomies, and any form of sterilization passed. Convicted offenders would face lengthy prison terms. Also included in the bill was a prohibition on any advertisement that promotes decreases in the birth rate.
Lawmakers have not yet clarified who will be punished -- health care providers or patients who choose to undertake these procedures.
The move is a response to calls from Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, to increase the country's population, which rapidly grew in the years following the 1979 revolution.
In the late 1980s, contraception and other forms of birth control became widely available and the birth rate slowed dramatically. But some officials now believe such measures were a mistake.
“The Plan for Increasing the Rate of Childbirth and Decreasing the Decline in Population” was introduced by Ali Motahhari, an influential conservative whose late father is considered one of the figures central in forming the Islamic republic's core ideology.
Lawmakers voted 106 to 72 in favor the bill, with 28 abstaining.
Critics warned that outlawing such procedures would lead to new problems and do little to promote population growth.
“Passing this bill will definitely lead to illegal procedures in dark corridors and unregulated offices. We have taken cultural action and I'm pleading with the speaker of parliament that we cannot force people to have children with prison terms and lashes,” lawmaker Mohammad Davatgari said.
Green Party nominee for President, Dr. Jill Stein, will kick off her campaign swing through Texas in El Paso this Friday.
Dr. Stein will be campaigning in Texas Friday, October 14th through Monday, October 17th.
All appearances will include speeches from Dr. Stein and regional, downticket green candidates, performances and presentations from local activists, candidates and musicians.
According to her campaign website, Dr. Stein “is a mother, an organizer, physician, and pioneering environmental-health advocate. She has helped lead initiatives to fight environmental racism and injustice, to promote healthy communities, to strengthen local green economies and to revitalize democracy. She has helped win victories in campaign finance reform, racially-just redistricting, green jobs, and the cleanup of incinerators, coal plants, and toxic threats.”
Dr. Stein was also a principal organizer for the Global Climate Convergence for People, Planet and Peace over Profit.
All events will include audience Q&A with Dr. Stein.
EL PASO – Friday, Oct. 14th, 6:30 – 8:30 pm — Café Mayapan
WHO: Dr. Jill Stein, Green Party Presidential nominee; Martina Salinas (TX Railroad Commission candidate), Mary L. Gourdoux (US Rep. D16 candidate) & Rodolfo Rivera Muñoz (TX Supreme Court candidate). Performance by Louie Kuauhtlatoa. Roundtable on borderland issues will take place prior to the event (5:30pm). Spanish translation provided.
WHERE: Café Mayapan, 2000 Texas St., El Paso, 79901
WHEN: Friday, Oct. 14th, 6:30-8:30pm
HOUSTON – Saturday, Oct. 15th, 2 – 7 pm — Last Concert Cafe
WHO: Dr. Jill Stein, Green Party Presidential nominee and local/regional candidates. Interactive event painting, music, open mic, and audience Q&A.
WHERE: Last Concert Cafe, 1403 Nance St., Houston, 77002
WHEN: Saturday, October 15th, 2-7pm; Jill Stein to speak at 4:50 pm
SAN ANTONIO – Sunday, Oct. 16th, 4-7 pm — Galeria EVA
WHO: Dr. Jill Stein, Green Party Presidential nominee, along with local/regional candidates.
WHERE: Galeria EVA, 3412 S. Flores St, 78204
WHEN: Sunday, Oct. 17th, 4-7pm
AUSTIN – Monday, Oct. 17th, 6:30 – 9 pm — Huston-Tillotson Univ./King-Seabrook Chapel
WHO: Dr. Jill Stein, Green Party Presidential nominee; MC's Confuscious Jones and Tia Williams, co-hosts of FYO podcast; singer Shante and poetry slam artists; along with candidates Ashely “Flashe” Gordon (Travis County Commissioner, Pct. 1 candidate) and Katija Gruene (HD 51 candidate), both co-chairs of Travis County Green Party, Adam King Blackwell Reposa (TX Court of Criminal Appeals); Rodolfo Rivera Muñoz (TX Supreme Court); Adam Michael Greeley (TX HD 46 candidate) and Debbie Russell (Travis Co. Sheriff candidate). ASL & Spanish translation provided.
WHERE: Huston-Tillotsen University, King-Seabrook Chapel, 900 Chicon St., Austin, 78702
WHEN: Monday, Oct. 17th, 6:30 – 9pm
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A passerby captured footage of the fire at Ferrybridge
A fire at Ferrybridge C power station in West Yorkshire has caused the partial collapse of a tower on the site.
At its height some 75 firefighters tackled 100ft (30m) high flames, after the blaze broke out at about 14:00 BST.
Black smoke coming from the coal-fired power station led to problems on nearby roads, with drivers and householders advised to keep windows shut.
The blaze at the site near Castleford has now been brought under control.
'Rage of flame'
West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service (WYFRS) said no-one was injured but the blaze had resulted in the partial collapse of the tower, believed to be used to remove sulphur dioxide from gases produced at the power station.
National Grid said the station was currently on "summer shutdown" and had not been generating electricity.
It said a major substation on the site was not thought to have been damaged.
Image copyright Dave Stretton Image caption Ferrybridge C is the third coal-fired power station to be built on the site since 1924
Owner SSE said everyone on the site had been accounted for.
The BBC's Matt Richards tweeted to say a number of small explosions had been heard coming from the fire at one stage.
An eyewitness told the BBC: "Well at first we heard the fire siren go off and then we saw a thick black plume of smoke.
"We went outside and then about 10 minutes later it just all went up in a rage. Just a rage of flame."
Ian Bitcon, area manager for WYFRS, said the fire had been ferocious.
He said: "The building has buckled and is around 30ft lower than its sister building because of the fire.
"The company will need to demolish the part of the building affected by the fire, but we are still at the stage where there is enough firefighting that is going on that they cannot start that yet."
He said crews were expected to work through the night damping down the blaze.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption About 75 firefighters were sent to the scene
The fire caused delays on the M62 and A1(M) for several hours when smoke blew across the road.
The B6136 Stranglands Lane in Knottingley is closed.
Public Health England advised motorists in the area to keep windows and air vents closed and to turn off air-conditioning.
Householders were also told to keep doors and windows closed and stay indoors if possible.
Ferrybridge C is situated on the River Aire and is the third coal-fired power station to be built on the site since 1924.
The power station first fed electricity into the national grid in February 1966.
Image copyright Harriet Locke Image caption At its height about 75 firefighters tackled the blaze at the power station near Castleford
Image caption Huge plumes of black smoke could be seen coming from the power station
Image copyright Alice Richardson Image caption Fire crews were called to reports of a fire at the power station at about 14:00 BST
AUTO
AUTO is the international journal of the FIA family: the FIA and FIA Foundation.
Read current and past issues of AUTO magazine by clicking on the covers below:
Latest issue
AUTO, the international journal of the FIA family, opens a window on the world of the FIA and its role in global motor sport and motoring. It offers access to all of its areas of responsibility: as the governing body for motor sport; the federation of the world's automobile clubs; an international charity for road safety; and as a global think-tank promoting motor sport safety and sustainability.
But it isn't just about the FIA's work. AUTO also covers the latest and most pressing issues across all motor sport and motoring, its content reflecting such vital areas as safety, development and innovation.
Readership
Each issue is sent free of charge to selected high-level individuals in the motoring and motor sport industries.
Recipients include:
Teams, drivers and promoters in major motor racing championships:
F1, WRC, NASCAR, IndyCar, WEC, WTCC, GT and Karting;
CEO's and Directors of companies involved in motor sport and motoring
Leaders in safety and sustainability
Experts in motor sport and automotive research and development.
Global media across motor sport and motoring
ADVERTISING on AUTO Magazine.
Advertising contact:
Stéphane Fillastre
T: +41 22 544 45 45
[email protected]
This is the first part of our real-time data series. The second part in the series covers what you can do with your real-time data.
In the Discovering Real-Time Data in Your Apps post I covered what is real-time and discovering the real-time data within your existing apps. In this second post I want to cover ways in which you can use the real-time data that you have now identified within your apps. Specifically, how you can use that data to understand what's happening right now in your apps and how it enables you to build awesome real-time features for your customers.
What's Happening Right Now in Your Apps?
It's really important to know what's happening in your application. The most common example of this is being notified if anything is going wrong; from infrastructure issues like CPU, memory or disk usage through to in-application warnings, errors and exceptions. These events are highly important as they may directly impact your business and customers.
From the first post in the series we all now know that when any event takes place with an application there is an associated data payload and therefore real-time data. This information may be available in a number of ways, but one of the most common ways is through some sort of logging solution: system stat logs, access logs and application logs.
Having logs let you analyse what has happened in the past, but that could be too late if your customers have been impacted by system downtime or a broken feature. Email notifications telling your team something is going awry are fine and are indeed useful. But there's much more that you can do to act as things are happening or better still, before they've happened.
Real-Time System Analytics
There's something reassuring about dashboards. A dashboard that's showing the correct selection of information can give you a highly informative view of the status of your application. It lets you see what's happened in the past and identify potential trends. Add real-time data and it lets you see what's happening right now and enables you to be much more reactive to potential issues, or indeed opportunities.
At Pusher we use Librato to monitor a whole host of information; the status of the machines that make up our infrastructure, the number of persistent connections we're maintaining, socket churn, the number of messages (events) we're sending, system latency and much more. We of course have monitoring systems with pre-defined thresholds in place. But we also find that having a visual representation of what's going on to be highly valuable for status updates, right after deployment to ensure unexpected things aren't showing an unwanted upwards trend and during times when we're trying to track down the cause of a problem.
You could use a solution like Librato, Graphite or statsd for your system analytic dashboard, use a combination of these or build your own entirely. In some cases you could build your own real-time system analytics dashboard and deliver real-time data updates to it with Pusher.
As well as using Librato for our internal logging visualisations we also expose events (connections, messages, channel subscriptions, WebHooks etc.) within our platform for apps and offer this as the Pusher Debug Console. This vastly improves the development experience when using Pusher.
We recently updated the Pusher Debug Console and you can read more about that in the Pusher Debug Console updates blog post.
Real-Time App Analytics
Most of us use some form of application analytics to identify how your application is being used, what features are most popular and which ones aren't, if a promotional activity meet its goals and much more. Some analytics tools such as: Google Analytics, Clicky, Chartbeat and GoSquared offer real-time analytics. These let you know what users are doing right now in your app.
Here are a few examples of the potential benefits of real-time analytics:
Has the usage of a feature – or the app as a whole – change just after pushing out a new version? Does it mean that a change has negatively impacted how accessible it is, or is there a chance something has broken? Real-time application logging and usage analytics will tell you.
You've just kicked off an advertising campaign with a goal to get more users to sign up. You can see a spike in website traffic, but your real-time analytics show you those visits aren't converting to signups. You can instantly react by either tweaking the campaign (maybe the landing page) or cancelling the advertisement to save money.
You can either use one of these existing tools for your real-time analytics, or for a more customised approach you could try combining services like Keen IO and Pusher.
Building Awesome Features For Your Customers
Although there's clearly a benefit from using your new found data internally, the biggest benefits from a product and customer point of view are likely to be seen when you use that data to build new, exciting, productive and potentially interactive features for your applications.
So, how is real-time data generally used within applications? What are the most common use cases? Here are a few examples:
Signalling
When something has happened within one component or system and you need to instantly inform another component or system you can signal them. A signal can contain a data payload but it doesn't necessarily need to/ The fact a signal has been received may be enough on it's own; think lighting beacons across the hilltops to indicate an enemy is approaching.
In these use cases there may not be any visual indication that something is happening, but a new workflow may start following the signal.
Do you have real-time data within your systems that could be used to signal other processes to take place?
User Notifications
User notifications inform a user that something that they are interested in has happened or data relevant to them has changed. We've all seen the notification bar at the top of Twitter. ITV have used this to great effect on the live updates sections on itv.com/news where the notification bar is shown whenever an update arrives and when the user clicks the bar the new updates are shown in the app.
Popup notifications are also a common UI pattern that are seen across many applications, from social apps like Facebook to more workflow focused applications like Freshdesk, InVision, Intercom, Base CRM and many more.
Is there data within your application that would benefit from being instantly displayed as a user notification?
Activity Streams
An Activity Streams is the quintessential representation of a real-time UI. They show what has happened and what is happening right now as a stream of sequential activity, normally with older activities at the bottom and newer activities at the top. We see these on all social networks; Twitter, Google+, Facebook, Flickr and many more.
We also see Activity Stream UIs (sometimes referred to as an Activity Feed or News Feed) in news, sports and beyond; anywhere that there is a clear need to visualise activity. Live events are a great example. Whether it's breaking news or a specific sporting event, you will see data represented as an activity stream with new updates appearing as they happen.
In all cases, a user is shown a stream of activity related to data that they are interested in. What have the people we are friends with, or are following, been doing and what are they doing right now? What has been happening with data related to my parcel? What user signups have taken place? What have the devices within my smart home doing? What's the activity on a support ticket? etc. And what is happening related to those items right now?
Is there data within your system that would benefit from being displayed as an activity stream of actions, instantly updating as new activity takes place?
Data Visualisations & Dashboards
Human beings can generally better extract information from data if it is displayed in a visual form – not just as simple text. We have often seen visualisations that help us interpret historical information and the same practice can be applied to real-time data.
Adding real-time updates to a visualisation helps a user spot trends and changes in data that would be very difficult to spot through raw data alone. Seeing a dial move towards the green or red, a line starting to trend up or down, colours change on a map (such as in the New York Times example above), the area of a visualisation starting to grow or shrink or many more examples. All of these are great visual indicators and triggers that can help human beings be more aware of what's happening, to identify changes and to act upon those changes as quickly as possible.
Do you have data within your applications that would benefit from being converted into a real-time data visualisation to help you or your customers see trends and take action sooner?
Interactive Communication
Real-time technology is frequently used to build chat and instant messaging solutions and we all know the benefit of being able to instantly communicate with work colleagues, friends and family.
Chat is a very focused form of interactions between users, but can be more generally thought of as interactive communication. We often partition chat into rooms or topics so that the conversation is focused.
In the context of your application, is there any real-time data that you could integrate into these conversations (chat/instant messaging) that would provide added context and help conversations become even more focused and productive? Could it actually trigger valuable conversations?
Multi-User Collaboration: Beyond Chat
One of the core benefits of realtime technology, and technology in general, is to improve and automate workflows that involved multiple people. We've seen this with project management, support systems, stock management, logistics and even applications such as document writing where Google Docs.
Collaborative applications save hours, if not days, when it comes to the time and effort required when working with others on completing a task or project. A great example of this is document collaboration: where previously we'd have to email a document around for others to make edits or comment we can now use Google Docs or Word in Office 365 to initially write a draft and then instantly start collaborating with others.
Real-time documentation editing is a very specific use case so you're unlikely to be able to map the functionality it offers to the data you have (or maybe you can?). A more likely use case for your real-time data is to instantly send the changes in data to an application to inform your collaborators about what's happening. Simple examples such as indicating that somebody else is editing a record can save time and avoid conflicts. Showing tickets in a project management system moving between stages in a workflow instantly indicates progress and can result in conversations or the next step in the workflow taking place.
Could you take your real-time data and improve your existing application workflows? Could you create visual representations of your workflows and enable real-time collaboration to further improve efficiency?
Real-Time APIs
APIs are big news. They fuel the software that's eating the world, they are the new full time employees of many businesses and they super-charge your existing employees. So, where does your real-time data fit with the potential for offering a real-time API?
If you already have a real-time API then you can upgrade your API so that the initial GET requests also provide a mechanism for subscribing to future updates to the result dataset of that query. If you don't have an API then you could expose the events you've identified within your systems as streams that other systems can subscribe to.
So, whilst you can build a new real-time feature on top of your real-time API, there's the additional potential benefit of your customers now being able to get instant updates via an API and build their own applications and functionality on top of relevant data that you're providing.
If you need more convincing you may be surprised to hear that a number of applications and services do already offer real-time APIs and they do so because they see a value in it. They know that companies want to add real-time features and experiences to their apps and they can only do that if they have real-time data.
You can read more about this in the 5 reasons you should have a real-time API blog post and see a video covering this in the so you want to build a Real-time API, where do you start? talk.
Next up: Setting Your Real-Time Data Free
In this post we've discussed the value of understanding what's happening in your app right now and how you can expose your real-time data to help you get a much clearer understanding of that. We also looked at seven potential features (or even products) that you could build using your real-time data to make your product offering even more awesome; signalling, notifications, data visualisations and dashboards, interactive communication, collaboration and real-time APIs.
In the next post we'll take the next step: how do you take your real-time data and expose it in such a way that you can start building real-time features?
This is the first post in a series of posts based on code reviews of systems where ASP.NET Core is involved.
I recently came across code like the following:
public class FaultyMiddleware { public FaultyMiddleware(RequestDelegate next) { _next = next; } public async Task Invoke(HttpContext context) { // saving the context so we don't need to pass around as a parameter this._context = context; DoSomeWork(); await _next(context); } private void DoSomeWork() { // code that calls other private methods } // ... HttpContext _context; RequestDelegate _next; }
The problem here is a misunderstanding of how middleware components work in the ASP.NET Core pipeline. ASP.NET Core uses a single instance of a middleware component to process multiple requests, so it is best to think of the component as a singleton. Saving state into an instance field is going to create problems when there are concurrent requests working through the pipeline.
If there is so much work to do inside a component that you need multiple private methods, a possible solution is to delegate the work to another class and instantiate the class once per request. Something like the following:
public class RequestProcessor { private readonly HttpContext _context; public RequestProcessor(HttpContext context) { _context = context; } public void DoSomeWork() { // ... } }
Now the middleware component has the single responsibility of following the implicit middleware contract so it fits into the ASP.NET Core processing pipeline. Meanwhile, the RequestProcessor, once given a more suitable name, is a class the system can use anytime there is work to do with an HttpContext.
The day before September 11, 2001 was like any normal day in New York City. September 10, 2001 was unaware of the earthshaking events which would happen the next day.
Similarly, one might think the day before the violence broke out in Deraa, Syria in March 2011 would have been an uneventful day, unaware of the uprising about to begin.
But, that was not the case. Deraa was teaming with activity and foreign visitors to Syria well before the staged uprising began its opening act.
The Omari Mosque was the scene of backstage preparations, costume changes and rehearsals. The Libyan terrorists, fresh from the battlefield of the US-NATO regime change attack on Libya, were in Deraa well ahead of the March 2011 uprising violence. The cleric of the Omari Mosque was Sheikh Ahmad al Sayasneh . He was an older man with a severe eye problem, which caused him to wear special dark glasses, and severely hampered his vision. He was not only visually impaired, but light sensitive as well, which caused him to be indoors as much as possible and often isolated. He was accustomed to judging the people he talked with by their accent and voice. The Deraa accent is distinctive.
All of the men attending the Omari Mosque were local men, all with the common Deraa accent. However, the visitors from Libya did not make themselves known to the cleric, as that would blow their cover. Instead, they worked with local men; a few key players who they worked to make their partners and confidants. The participation of local Muslim Brotherhood followers, who would assist the foreign Libyan mercenaries/ terrorists, was an essential part of the CIA plan, which was well scripted and directed from Jordan.
Enlisting the aid and cooperation of local followers of Salafism allowed the Libyans to move in Deraa without attracting any suspicion. The local men were the ‘front' for the operation.
The CIA agents running the Deraa operation from their office in Jordan had already provided the weapons and cash needed to fuel the flames of revolution in Syria. With enough money and weapons, you can start a revolution anywhere in the world.
In reality, the uprising in Deraa in March 2011 was not fueled by graffiti written by teenagers, and there were no disgruntled parents demanding their children to be freed. This was part of the Hollywood style script written by skilled CIA agents, who had been given a mission: to destroy Syria for the purpose of regime change. Deraa was only Act 1: Scene 1.
The fact that those so-called teenaged graffiti artists and their parents have never been found, never named, and never pictured is the first clue that their identity is cloaked in darkness.
In any uprising there needs to be grassroots support. Usually, there is a situation which arises, and protesters take to the streets. The security teams step in to keep the peace and clear the streets and if there is a ‘brutal crackdown' the otherwise ‘peaceful protesters' will react with indignation, and feeling oppressed and wronged, the numbers in the streets will swell. This is the point where the street protests can take two directions: the protesters will back down and go home, or the protesters can react with violence, which then will be met with violence from the security teams, and this sets the stage for a full blown uprising.
The staged uprising in Deraa had some locals in the street who were unaware of their participation in a CIA-Hollywood production. They were the unpaid extras in the scene about to be shot. These unaware extras had grievances, perhaps lasting a generation or more, and perhaps rooted in Wahhabism, which is a political ideology exported globally by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Royal family and their paid officials.
The Libyans stockpiled weapons at the Omari Mosque well before any rumor spread about teenagers arrested for graffiti. The cleric, visually impaired and elderly, was unaware of the situation inside his Mosque, or of the foreign infiltrators in his midst.
The weapons came into Deraa from the CIA office in Jordan. The US government has close ties to the King of Jordan. Jordan is 98% Palestinian, and yet has a long lasting peace treaty with Israel, despite the fact that 5 million of the Jordanian citizen's relatives next door in Occupied Palestine are denied any form of human rights. The King of Jordan has to do a daily high-wire balancing act between his citizens, the peace and safety in his country and America's interests and projects in the Middle East. King Abdullah is not only a tight-rope walker, but a juggler at the same time, and all of this pressure on him must be enormous for him, and Queen Rania, who is herself Palestinian. These facts must be viewed in the forefront of the background painted scenery of The Syrian Arab Republic, which has for the last 40 years had a cornerstone of domestic and foreign policy carved and set in the principle of Palestinian human rights and Palestinian freedom and justice.
The US policy to attack Syria for the purpose of regime change was not just about the gas lines, the oil wells, the strategic location and the gold: but it was about crushing that cornerstone of Palestinian rights into dust. To get rid of President Bashar al Assad was to get rid of one of the few Arab leaders who are an unwavering voice of Palestinian rights.
Deraa's location directly on the Jordanian border is the sole reason it was picked for the location-shoot of the opening act of the Syrian uprising. If you were to ask most Syrians, if they had ever been to Derra, or ever plan to go, they will answer, “No.” It is a small and insignificant agricultural town. It is a very unlikely place to begin a nationwide revolution. Deraa has a historical importance because of archeological ruins, but that is lost on anyone other than history professors or archeologists. The access to the weapons from Jordan made Deraa the perfect place to stage the uprising which has turned into an international war. Any person with common sense would assume an uprising or revolution in Syria would begin in Damascus or Aleppo, the two biggest cities. Even after 2 ½ years of violence around the country, Aleppo's population never participated in the uprising, or call for regime change. Aleppo: the large industrial powerhouse of Syria wanted nothing to do with the CIA mission, and felt that by staying clear of any participation they could be spared and eventually the violence would die out, a natural death due to lack of participation of the civilians.
However, this was not to play out for Aleppo. Instead, the US supported Free Syrian Army, who were mainly from Idlib and the surrounding areas, invited in their foreign partners, and they came pouring into Aleppo from Turkey, where they had taken Turkish Airlines flights from Afghanistan, Europe, Australia and North Africa landing in Istanbul, and then transported by buses owned by the Turkish government to the Turkey-Aleppo border. The airline tickets, buses, paychecks, supplies, food, and medical needs were all supplied in Turkey by an official from Saudi Arabia. The weapons were all supplied by the United States of America, from their warehouse at the dock of Benghazi, Libya. The US-NATO regime change mission had ended in success in Libya, with America having taken possession of all the weapons and stockpiles formerly the property of the Libyan government, including tons of gold bullion taken by the US government from the Central Bank of Libya.
Enter the Libyans stage right. Mehdi al Harati, the Libyan with an Irish passport, was put in charge of a Brigade of terrorists working under the pay and direction of the CIA in Libya. Once his fighting subsided there, he was moved to Northern Syria, in the Idlib area, which was the base of operation for the American backed Free Syrian Army, who Republican Senator John McCain lobbied for in the US Congress, and personally visited, illegally entering Syria without any passport or border controls. In Arizona, Sen. McCain is in favor of deporting any illegal alien entering USA, but he himself broke international law by entering Syria as an illegal and undocumented alien. However, he was in the company of trusted friends and associates, the Free Syrian Army: the same men who beheaded Christians and Muslims, raped females and children of both sexes, sold girls as sex slaves in Turkey, and ate the raw liver of a man, which they proudly videoed and uploaded.
Previously, Syria did not have any Al Qaeda terrorists, and had passed through the war in neighboring Iraq none the worse for wear, except having accepted 2 million Iraqis as refugee guests. Shortly before the Deraa staged uprising began, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were in Damascus and being driven around by the President and First Lady. Pitt and Jolie had come to visit and support the Iraqi war refugees in Damascus. Brad Pitt was amazed that the Syrian President would drive him around personally, and without any body guards or security detail. Pitt and Jolie were used to their own heavy security team in the USA. Pres. Assad explained that he and his wife were comfortable in Damascus, knowing that it was a safe place. Indeed, the association of French travel agents had deemed Syria as the safest tourist destination in the entire Mediterranean region, meaning even safer than France itself.
However, the US strategy was to create a “New Middle East”, which would do away with safety in Syria; through the ensuing tornado, aka ‘winds of change'.
Tunisia, Libya, Egypt and then Syria were the stepping stones in the garden of the “Arab Spring”. But, the scenario in the Syrian mission did not stay on script. It went over deadline and over budget. The final credits have yet to be rolled, and the curtain has yet to fall on the stage.
We can't underestimate the role that mainstream media had to play in the destruction of Syria. For example, Al Jazeera's Rula Amin was in Deraa and personally interviewed the cleric Sayasneh at the Omari Mosque. Al Jazeera is the state owned and operated media for the Prince of Qatar. The Prince of Qatar was one of the key funders of the terrorists attacking Syria. The USA was sending the weapons, supplies and providing military satellite imagery, however the cash to make payroll, to pay out bribes in Turkey, and all other expenses which needed cold cash in hand was being paid out by the Prince of Qatar and the King of Saudi Arabia, who were playing their roles as closest Middle East allies of the United States of America. This was a production team between the USA, EU, NATO, Turkey, Jordan, Israel and the Persian Gulf Arab monarchies of Saudi Arabia and Qatar primarily. The CIA has no problem with covert operations in foreign countries, and even full scale attacks, but the matter of funding needs to come from a foreign country, because the American voters don't care about killing people in Syria, but they would never agree to pay for it. As long as the Arabs were paying for the project, that was OK by Mr. John Q. Public, who probably was not able to find Syria on a map anyway.
Rula Amin and others of the Al Jazeera staff, and including the American CNN, the British BBC and the French France24 all began deliberate political propaganda campaign against the Syrian government and the Syrian people who were suffering from the death and destruction brought on by the terrorists who were pretending to be players in a local uprising. Some days, the scripts were so similar that you would have guessed they were all written in the same hotel room in Beirut. Onto the stage stepped the online media personalities of Robert Fisk, from his vantage point in Beirut and Joshua Landis from his perch in Oklahoma. These 2 men, sitting so far removed from the actual events, pretended to know everything going on in Syria. British and American readers were swayed by their deliberate one-sided explanations, while the actual Syrians living inside Syria, who read in English online, were baffled. Syrians were wondering how Western writers could take the side of the terrorists who were foreigners, following Radical Islam and attacking any unarmed civilian who tried to defend their home and family. The media was portraying the terrorists as freedom fighters and heroes of democracy, while they were raping, looting, maiming, kidnapping for ransom and murdering unarmed civilians who had not read the script before the shooting began in Deraa. There was one global movie trailer, and it was a low budget cell phone video which went viral around the world, and it sold the viewers on the idea of Syria being in the beginning of a dramatic fight for freedom, justice and the American way. From the very beginning, Al Jazeera and all the rest of the media were paying $100.00 to any amateur video shot in Syria. A whole new cottage industry sprang up in Syria, with directors and actors all hungry for the spotlight and fame. Authenticity was not questioned; the media just wanted content which supported their propaganda campaign in Syria.
Deraa was the opening act of tragic epic which has yet to conclude. The cleric who was a key character in the beginning scenes, Sheikh Sayasneh, was first put under house arrest, and then he was smuggled out to Amman, Jordan in January 2012. He now gives lectures in America near Washington, DC. Just like aspiring actors usually find their way to Hollywood, which is the Mecca of the film industry, Sheikh Sayasneh found his way to the Mecca of all regime change projects.
President Richard M. Nixon attempted to use this tactic during the Vietnam War. Through various back channels and planted news leaks, he gave the impression that he was not only out of patience but also literally out of his mind, such that, even though it would be totally irrational, he just might use a nuclear weapon on Hanoi if Ho Chi Minh, the North Vietnamese leader, didn't accede to his demands. (It didn't work.)
Another tactic, favored by the strategist Herman Kahn, is to “throw out the steering wheel,” to demonstrate that you are locked into a certain path and can't swerve. Politicians sometimes adopt this approach, insisting that their constituents refuse to accept a compromise and have thus tied their hands.
Photo
Still, one reason such tactics never led to actual nuclear war was that each side could assume that a truly crazy leader could never have his finger on “the button,” and that enough checks existed if one ever did. The same goes for the “steering wheel” tactic: after all, no politician is ever truly locked into a decision.
But what if a scenario arose in which those assumptions failed? Here's where elephants come into play. To achieve their mating goals, male elephants will sometimes play games of chicken, with one individual essentially giving the impression that he is crazy and has become an irrational player in a game premised on shared rationality and predictability.
It's a tactic that works surprisingly well, because male elephants can in fact become temporarily “crazy.” One of the most terrifying sights in the animal world is an elephant in a state of must: Huge bulls, oozing a weird, foul-smelling, greenish glop from glands near their eyes, behave with violent abandon, taking risks and defying the basic rules of pachyderm propriety (and also giving rise to the term “rogue elephant”). Facing an elephant in must, other elephants — not to mention people — are well advised to get out of the way.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A similar problem arose in nuclear strategy in the 1990s. For all the comparable craziness of mutually assured destruction during the cold war, planners could safely assume that American and Soviet leaders would act more or less rationally. But what if a rogue state or a terrorist cell got its hands on a nuclear weapon? The rules of classic game theory would no longer apply.
In either case, whether you're confronting a rogue elephant or a rogue nuclear state, the advice is the same: stop playing the game. Avoid the elephant or shoot it; politically isolate the rogue state or use military force to disarm it.
What does all this mean for the debt-ceiling debate? So far, President Obama and the Democrats have insisted on negotiations, assuming that the looming threat of debt default would force the Republicans to cave in on their strident demands and accept a compromise.
Instead, given the Republicans' continued insistence on an unobtainable wish list of spending cuts and constitutional amendments, it's fair to conclude that Mr. Obama is facing the political equivalent of an elephant in must — a player who simply won't play the game.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In the 1983 movie “WarGames,” an errant military supercomputer has a final moment of lucidity in which it notes, “The only winning move is not to play.” The president is best advised to do the same: declare that the other side has foregone all pretense at rational legitimacy, and simply proceed to govern as best he can for the good of the country.
Some Americans think state boundaries and the principle of federalism are outdated relics from the past. They couldn't be further from the truth.
New data in a report from the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) paint a clear picture: States with the best policies are being rewarded with an influx of residents, and states with unattractive policies are losing residents.
Take two of the most high-tax, high-spend states in the union: New York and Illinois.
Over the past decade, New York has suffered a net loss of nearly 1.5 million residents and over 650,000 Illinoisans have moved elsewhere. Meanwhile, Texas, a right-to-work state with no income or estate tax, saw its population grow by 1.3 million.
Despite their appealing metropolitan hubs, New York and Illinois are shedding denizens.
States that scored high on the ALEC-Laffer State Economic Competitiveness Index, which takes into consideration 15 variables from the number of public employees to sales tax rates, have seen an influx of job-creating companies and taxpaying citizens over the last decade, while low-scoring blue states have been losing both.
The only good tax is a dead tax. I want to bury the business franchise tax in a coffin. #txlege #tcot @YoungCons https://t.co/AMATO62KXX — Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) February 3, 2017
While tax rates and labor laws are not the only factors that contribute to a state's flourishing, the correlation between sound economic policy and private sector growth is clear.
The formula is simple. Good policy contributes to vibrant economies, and vibrant economies attract people eager for opportunity.
‘Laboratories of Democracy'
Federalism is about creating competition between the states by allowing them to craft their own respective policies, and then seeing what policies work best. This system has even more to commend it today than at the time of the founding.
Contrary to the expectations of progressive social scientists and pundits, government spending stimulates the government, but little else. A high minimum wage ultimately hurts those it is meant to serve. Progressive tax rates do not close chasmal blue state budget gaps.
Federalism is not just a boon to citizens—it is an advantage to state policymakers as well.
The states are often thought of as “laboratories of democracy.” That expression was initially coined by Justice Louis Brandeis, who ironically did not subscribe to the competitive view of federalism.
The idea is that when states implement policies, they provide test cases from which other states can learn. When a policy pays off, other states typically follow suit; when a policy is cursed by unintended consequences, other states can avoid the same pitfalls.
Many progressives claim that allowing states wide discretion to establish their own fiscal policies and regulatory regimes will result in a “race to the bottom” in which states attempt to drive out their poor and needy by decreasing welfare payments and lure in corporations by eliminating important regulations.
Political scientists have shown, however, that when it comes to welfare programs, public health regulations, and environmental protections, competition is what drives innovative and efficient solutions.
In other words, for progressives who are willing to pay the high price tag for expensive public services, there are still plenty of states willing to oblige.
Another critique of studies like the ALEC-Laffer Index is they heap too much praise on red states that implement conservative fiscal policies when, in fact, their citizens are shielded from the real downsides of fiscal conservatism—namely, limited spending on social programs.
Federal welfare policies allow frugal state governments to get credit for lowering taxes without taking the blame for cutting popular social safety net programs.
Essentially, critics argue, progressive federal policies end up subsidizing conservative state policies. As a result, states that score high on the ALEC-Laffer Index end up looking more appealing to more people.
On its face, this critique has some merit. Many of the states that score the highest on the ALEC-Laffer Index also tend to be states that get more money back from the federal government—mostly in the form of welfare payments—than they pay in taxes.
North Dakota, ranked No. 3 on the ALEC-Laffer Index, gets back $1.68 for every dollar paid in taxes. Tennessee and Oklahoma, also in the ALEC-Laffer top 10, get more back from the federal coffers than they put in as well.
Meanwhile, California, only four spots from the bottom on the ALEC-Laffer Index, gets only 78 cents back for every dollar sent to Washington. New York, dead last on the index, retrieves only 79 cents.
But federal policy also insulates residents of blue states from the full consequences of progressive fiscal policies.
#Illinois senators try for a 3rd time on #tax reform that would make the state less competitive. @NKaeding explains https://t.co/v96lnP3lwe pic.twitter.com/S2HEmA8NQK — Tax Foundation (@taxfoundation) February 7, 2017
Under current law, individuals can deduct their state taxes from their overall income for the purposes of determining what they owe the federal government in taxes. Thus, state politicians can hike up their tax rates without changing the effective tax rate their citizens pay.
While federal spending may make low-tax red states more appealing to residents and potential residents, the state tax deduction does the same for blue states.
Still, the broader thrust of this progressive critique is correct. Federal policy does alleviate some of the downsides that come along with both conservative and progressive fiscal policy.
A More Perfect Federalism
For the states to function as true laboratories of democracy, they should bear even more of the costs—and reap more of the rewards—of their policies.
The federal government should put more of the onus of funding and managing social welfare programs on the states and also consider eliminating the state and local tax deduction. This way, the real costs and benefits of state policies will be clear to citizens who can vote—or move—accordingly.
Were this done, the appeal of economically responsible red states would likely be even higher than ALEC's study demonstrates it already is.
Lessons learned from state experimentation are of critical importance today.
As ALEC's recent report shows, every one of the 50 states is wrestling with the mounting expense of unfunded liabilities caused by generous pensions and social welfare programs. Some states, like Arizona, are addressing the problem early and aggressively and others are taking note.
As state governments roll out various packages of cuts and revenue-raising measures to push themselves back into the black, they will provide test cases not just for one another, but for our radically insolvent federal government as well.
It's recently come to my attention that many high-caliber players, including Armada and Axe, have trouble finding a controller that does two things: shield drops when pushing the stick to the south-east or south-west notches, and consistently dashing backwards.
In this post, I will explain the dashing backwards problem to the best of my ability and go into the possible remedies.
First, you might wonder why I claim that dashing *backward* is a problem. Why should it be harder to dash backward than forward?
The reason is that forward dashes, and also dash-dance dashes, allow one frame of leniency for half inputs. This means that if you press the stick somewhat slowly, so that the game registers one frame as half forward and the one after as full forward, you'll still start dashing by frame 2.
Backward dashes, however, work differently. If, on the first frame of pushing backward, the game registers a half press, you will get stuck in the turn animation for 5-9 frames (depending on character) before you can start your backward dash.
Pause and frame advance or slow down to compare (gfycat controls are at the bottom right).
In other words, pushing slightly too slowly will only delay your dash by 1 frame if pushing the stick in the direction your character is facing, but in the opposite direction your dash will be delayed by 4-8 frames.
This is a huge problem for serious play. Dashing backward is something you do quite often, especially in neutral and during tech-chases, so avoiding this additional delay is really important.
To find out how to ensure that, we need to know four things:
1. What inputs Melee requires doing “instant” back dashes (software level)
2. What parts of the control stick hinder getting these inputs (hardware level)
3. How to choose or modify these parts to consistently “feed” Melee the inputs it requires to do instant back dashes
4. What kind of manual thumb input to aim for.
1. Software level—tilt turns and smash turns
The core problem here is that there are two kinds of turns, which share the same 11-frame animation called Turn, so they can't easily be told apart. I call the slower and in all ways inferior one “tilt turn”, and the better, faster one “smash turn”. These names give away the necessary inputs, which are shown in this control stick map (assumes facing right):
When you hit the smash turn area from the first frame of inputting backward, you are able to transition to backward dash on the very next frame. Thus, you only spend one single frame in the turn animation. Smash turns also turn you around completely from their first frame on, which is important for jumping and dropping from a ledge during the turn animation.
If the first frame of backward input has less offset from neutral position (below 0.8, to be precise), you do a tilt turn, during which dashing backward will only be possible a few frames later. (A list for the exact amount of frames for every character can be found here.) Additionally, jumps and falling off the ledge will return your character to his original orientation for the same 5-9 frames mentioned above, so if you try to do a JC grab behind you so that you only dash for one frame, doing a tilt turn by accident will cause you to grab in place and not even turn around.
Therefore, our goal is to move from neutral position to full backward as quickly as possible. On average¹, you need to complete this motion within half a frame or 8.­33 milliseconds. That's a really short amount of time, so we should try our best to remove all handicaps that increase the time we take for this input.
2. Hardware level—the inner workings of the control stick
When you smash your control stick from the neutral position to either left or right, these are the physical movements your stickbox is going through, sorted from innermost to outermost:
1. The disjointed zone [DZ]: this is the small area in the middle of the control stick where you can move your stick without applying force and without causing any in-game analog value change.
2. The loose zone [LZ]: within this zone, you can still move the stick around without resistance, but the in-game values will change.
3. The resistance zone [RZ]: this should cover most of your control stick input values, where pushing the stick will depress the inner spring and and cause in-game values to change.
The DZ is irrelevant here unless it becomes so large that dashing isn't possible any longer.
While a small amount of LZ can make things like reverse specials easier, here it is completely detrimental as it can lead to entering the tilt turn zone before consciously starting the backward input.
The RZ always sits just outside of the DZ and LZ (if existent). Depending on controller stickbox type and amount of wear, it can have different borders to the other zones.
Aside from not having a too large LZ, we also want the spring resistance to be relatively small. We already need to move the control stick very quickly, high spring resistance will slow us down even more. (To back up this claim: I recorded two controllers' stick inputs with a high-speed camera, one of them having a weak stickbox spring and one a strong one. I took 21-34 samples per controller and input method, and on average the weaker spring controller had a 38% increased chance of doing 1-frame smash turn back dashes.)
3. Assembling and modifying your stickbox
Even a low-resistance spring still has enough base length so that it doesn't cause an increase of DZ or LZ. The two things that usually happen to heavily worn controllers—less resistance and increased DZ or LZ—are independent and simply correlate. Thus, you can exchange a fresh stickbox's spring with a heavily worn or simply thinner one (see images below) to decrease spring resistance without increasing DZ or LZ. Additionally, it should also help to modify a high-resistance spring to have less resistance or buy a weaker one somewhere, but I don't have any experience with that.
Note that it often makes a difference in which direction you align the two ends of the springs. By default, they are usually pointed upwards, but if you have problems after that, rotate it by 45° until back dashes in both directions work well.
4. Manual thumb inputs
Even with a perfectly aligned weaker spring, you still need to move your thumb very fast to consistently do 1-frame turn back dashes. Most of the time, you probably dash by resting your thumb on the stick and then pressing it left or right, like this:
purple value at the bottom of the monitor The firstshows current control stick x value. Anything from ±0.2875 to ±0.7875 will register as tilt turn, and everything at -0.8 or less / 0.8 or higher will register as smash turn. Controller movements have a delay of about 55 milliseconds until they are shown on the screen due to the Gamecube's processing time of about 3 frames.
However, during the acceleration period, you probably enter the tilt turn area, so the total time spent in tilt turn area before entering smash turn area will be quite high (11.5 milliseconds for my inputs). Thus, you should instead hover your thumb on the opposite direction of where you want to dash towards and then smash the stick backward with maximum speed:
This kind of input method increased my success rate by 32% (from 69% to 91%) and decreased the average amount of milliseconds spent within the tilt turn area by 54.7% (from 11.5 to 5.2 ms). Using this kind of input in a match is not always feasible, but whenever you have enough time and know in advance that you want to dash back, it should increase your rate of success drastically.
However, even if you manage to spend only two milliseconds within the tilt turn zone, on your way from neutral to the smash turn zone, there's still a chance of the game polling for the next frame's input just during these¹. 100% could only be reached by either moving your thumb at the speed of light or replacing the analog stick with a digital stick.
Here is an example of a very fast input that still fails due to bad luck (game polls just when I pass through the tilt turn zone):
1 frame is spent within tilt turn range (0.4875).
Update: Increasing consistency by timing the backward input at the very end of previous move lag
This is a very important aspect that I wanted to include here from the start, but in the process of writing and testing forgot about unfortunately. (Big thanks to “the_noodle” for bringing my attention to this!)
If you start holding strong backward (>=0.8) at the first frame after lag from a previous move, it doesn't matter whether you held the stick within the tilt turn or smash turn area the frame before. This means that if you time your backward input perfectly at the end of the last action, dashing backward is just as easy as dashing forward.
The reason for this is that the game only polls for the dreaded tilt turn as soon as you are actionable. By moving through that area just before you are actionable, you ensure that when the game checks for turning, you are already at smash turn area.
Even if you input fully backward at the last frame of lag, you will still do a smash turn because dash inputs persist for two frames. Here is a comparison of what happens when you do the same input frame-perfectly vs. one frame too late:
Conclusion and personal opinion
1-frame turn backward dashes are unnecessarily hard to input in Melee; even with a “perfect” stickbox you will still need to press it with extreme speed or frame-perfect timing to be consistent with. In Project M, Magus fixed this by adding the same frame of leniency we have for forward dashes to backward dashes.
¹Depending on the time left until the next frame polls for your control stick position, you will have between 0 and 16.66 milliseconds to complete the motion. Fizzi has explained this very well with diagrams in his post on lag.
Security guards accused of failing to help tourists during terrorist attack claimed by Islamic State on beach resort in 2015
Tunisia says six guards charged with not helping during Sousse massacre
A Tunisian investigative judge has charged six security guards with failing to help tourists under attack during the 2015 massacre at a beach resort in Sousse, a counter-terrorism official has said.
The details were revealed after a British inquiry on Tuesday found Tunisian security forces had let down the victims of the shooting, making “deliberate and unjustifiable” delays in their journey to the scene.
Sousse terror attack: the 30 British victims Read more
One gunman killed 30 Britons and eight others at the resort before security forces shot him dead. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack.
Sofian Sliti, a spokesman for judicial counter-terrorism investigations, said six security guards from the Imperial Marhaba hotel had been charged with failing to help people in danger, in a manner that caused their deaths.
All six remained free pending investigation, he said. Another 14 people have been arrested in the investigation and another 12 are also under investigation.
Concluding a seven-week inquest, British judge Nicholas Loraine-Smith criticised Tunisian security forces, saying their response had been “at best shambolic and at worst cowardly”.
An inquest by Tunisian authorities was also critical of the security forces' response.
Tunisian officials said the gunman, a young Tunisian, had trained at a jihadi camp in neighbouring Libya before returning to carry out the attack. He opened fire on tourists on the beach and made his way through the hotel before he was shot outside.
Speaking at the end of the inquest, the families of the British victims said on Monday they have been left “unable to rest or move on”, and vowed to sue the tour operator.
The relatives of 22 of the victims urged Thomson Holidays' owner Tui to put “safety before a sale” after the coroner ruled that the victims were unlawfully killed – but said he could not rule that neglect by the tour operator played a part.
The attack resulted in the greatest loss of British life in a single incident since the 7 July 2005 bombings in London. Tui, with which all 30 Britons who were killed booked their holidays, came under significant scrutiny during the inquest over its handling of Foreign Office travel advice for Tunisia as well as security deficiencies at the hotel.
On Wednesday a Tunisian official provoked anger by suggesting the country had suffered more from the attack, in which a total of 38 people died, due to its impact on tourism.
Lazhar Akremi told the Times: “You lost 30 people. But the suffering is bigger for the Tunisian people. I mean, the reputation of the country was ruined, tourism was destroyed, also the 30 were our guests. They were killed while they were our guests.”
Tory MP Andrew Bridgen told the newspaper: “While I have great sympathies for the economic damage done by the attack, for [him] to claim that that damage is greater than the loss of 30 British lives will do nothing to convince people that their security will be taken seriously. I call him to retract the statement for the maintenance of Anglo-Tunisian relations.”
CHARLOTTE, NC - NOVEMBER 4: Justin Stewart watches election results at U.S. Rep. Thom Tillis's watch party at The Omni Hotel Ballroom on November 4, 2014, in Charlotte, North Carolina. U.S. Rep. Thom Tillis (R-NC) is running in a tight race for the North Carolina Senate seat against opponent U.S. Sen. Kay Hagan (D-NC). (Photo by Davis Turner/Getty Images) A man watches election returns at Thom Tillis' watch party in Charlotte. (Photo by Davis Turner/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Republicans' resounding victory gives them an opportunity to push legislation that's been bottled up in the Democratic Senate, from targeting elements of President Barack Obama's health care law to constructing the Keystone XL oil pipeline to rolling back environmental regulations.
Democrats suffered an electoral drubbing in Tuesday's midterms, and Republicans regained control of the Senate and widely expanded their majority in the House. In command in both chambers in January, Republicans maintained that they have to show they can govern or else voters will show them the door.
“We now have the votes and we have the ability to call the agenda, so stop name-calling and let's actually produce some legislation that helps jobs and the economy and moves our country forward,” Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, said in an interview. “I think the country has figured that out, and they've given us the mandate to do it, and we better produce, or they'll kick us out too.”
House Republicans are counting on Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., in line to be the next Senate majority leader, to move ahead on the dozens of jobs bills that have been passed by the House but remained stalled in the Senate.
“It's jobs, jobs, jobs,” said Rep. Randy Weber, R-Texas, who also wants to lift the ban on crude oil exports.
Republicans also are counting on a swift vote early next year on building the Keystone XL pipeline to carry oil from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast now that Republicans clearly have the numbers in the Senate. The GOP could have as many as 54 Senate seats if Republican Dan Sullivan prevails in Alaska and the party wins a Dec. 6 runoff in Louisiana. The House majority could reach historic levels of 250 out of 435 seats.
“It's in our best interest to show we can function and that we can lead responsibly, and that would involve getting bills that have already passed the House with bipartisan support and get Democrats to join us in the Senate and get those to the president, even something like trade,” said Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo.
McConnell signaled Wednesday that he could work with Obama on trade agreements and a tax overhaul as both sides look toward governing rather than gridlock.
It won't be easy. Many of the moderate Democrats who would be willing to compromise were defeated in Tuesday's elections, reducing the number of lawmakers in the middle. In the next Congress, independent Sen. Angus King of Maine and moderate Democrats Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Jon Tester of Montana will hold considerable leverage.
Republicans will be under pressure from many in their ranks and outside conservatives to scrap the health care law, but McConnell and the more pragmatic GOP lawmakers acknowledge that is next to impossible because of Obama's veto power.
“If I had the ability, obviously, I'd get rid of it,” McConnell said of the Affordable Care Act as he spoke to reporters at a news conference in Kentucky. “Obviously, it's also true he's still there.”
McConnell indicated the GOP would push for a repeal of the tax on medical devices, which has some Democratic support, and target the requirement that individuals sign up for health insurance or face a penalty.
Obama told reporters that ending the individual mandate was a nonstarter, calling it a “line I can't cross” because it would unravel the law.
Further complicating the relationship between Obama and the newly empowered Republicans is the president's vow to act unilaterally before year's end to reduce the number of deportations and grant work permits to millions of immigrants illegally in the United States.
“What I'm not going to do is just wait,” the president said as bipartisan, comprehensive immigration legislation that the Senate passed in June 2013 remained stalled in the House.
McConnell and other Republicans said such a step would be an in-your-face affront to the new majority GOP — “like waving a red flag in front of a bull,” McConnell said — and Republicans would use spending bills to restrict or stop such executive action.
Several Republicans hold the deep-seated view that Obama already has been abusing his constitutional authority. “He doesn't get the line-item veto to unilaterally change different tenets of the law after he signs the law,” Weber said of Obama's moves to delay provisions of the health care law.
On energy, McConnell was already exploring ways to derail Obama's plans to reduce the pollution blamed for global warming from coal-fired power plants, a maneuver that some Democrats from coal states are likely to support but that the president would likely veto.
Pro-energy Republican Lisa Murkowski of Alaska is expected to chair the Senate Energy Committee, and Oklahoma Sen. James Inhofe, who rejects the scientific consensus that global warming is being caused by fossil fuels, will likely lead the environment panel.
On the Keystone Pipeline, White House spokesman Josh Earnest reiterated Thursday that the administration will wait on the Nebraska Supreme Court to rule on a dispute about the pipeline's route through the state before completing an evaluation of the pipeline. “Once some of those things are resolved, then the State Department can do their work evaluating whether or not this pipeline is in the national interest of Americans,” he said on CNN.
The Senate turnover from Democrats to Republicans could also complicate efforts by the U.S. to broker a new international deal to curb global warming that is legally enforceable, because a Republican-controlled Senate would be unlikely to ratify it.
“There is no way to dance around the issue that in too many races we lost good allies,” said Michael Brune, head of the Sierra Club. “And we will see them replaced by people who oppose our values.”
(TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Ever since Toronto FC became the talk of MLS this offseason with a handful of blockbuster signings, there has been speculation surrounding what they would do with young Designated Player Matías Laba.
When TFC landed USMNT star Michael Bradley, English international Jermain Defoe and Brazilian striker Gilberto, all signed to Designated Player contracts, it left them with four DP contracts, one above the MLS-mandated limit of three. Even after the three signings, TFC head coach Ryan Nelsen said the club would “move hell and high water” to keep Laba.
Hell and high water, apparently, proved to be too much to move according to a report in the Toronto Sun.
Get the latest TFC news at TorontoFC.ca
Along with the likely signing of Brazilian international goalkeeper Júlio César, the report also indicated that Laba would be “offloaded,” preferably in the form of a loan.
Toronto FC had not responded to a request for comment on the report from MLSsoccer.com at the time of publication.
The 22-year-old Laba, an Argentine youth international, was arguably Toronto's best newcomer last year after they signed him from the Argentinos Juniors of the Argentine Primera División. He appeared in 16 games, all starts.
He played at right back in Toronto's 1-0 preseason win over D.C. United on Wednesday.
Games4u won Nordic Masters 2014 in mid February when they beat Team Property in the grand finals.
But after a user on Fragbite posted screenshots showing that one of the players in the winning team has a VAC ban from 2014, the arrangers now issues an apology.
But they also guarantee that there was no foul play during the lan.
– We can guarantee that there was no cheating, Games4u CS:GO admin Sebastian Svensson tells Aftonbladet Esport.
The CS:GO tournament Nordic Masters was decided in the middle of February when Team Property and Games4u, playing under the moniker of the arranging organization, faced each other in the grand finals. Games4u came out on top after a 3-0 win, securing a 4770 dollar first prize.
One of the top players in the team was Henrik ”henkez0t” Leskelä, but after the win a user on gaming site Fragbite published a post showing that henkez0t has a VAC ban from January 2014.
– Why did they let him through? dinka93 asks and posts several screenshots showing the banned account.
”We claim full responsibility”
Now, Games4u apologize for the oversight and say that they weren't aware that the player had a VAC ban when they recruited them shortly before the tournament.
– We claim full responsibility and can do nothing but learn from our mistakes. It's a shame you have to do investigations for this to not happen. We'll be more thorough from now on and not take things for granted even though someone applies along with world famous players, the CS:GO admin Sebastian Svensson says.
He says that the organization are certain that there was no cheating going on during the tournament.
– We had people behind the team all the time. For example Team Orbit watched a lot of games when they weren't playing themselves. So we can guarantee there was no cheating.
”Didn't cheat in any serious games”
When Aftonbladet Esport contacts henkez0t he openly admits that the account was banned after he cheated in December last year.
– There is no two ways about it. But I want to specify that I didn't cheat in any serious games whatsoever. I had grown tired of the game and chose to get the account banned so I could stay away from it. I cheated in three or four matchmaking games during one or two weeks, he says.
He also confirms that Games4u were unaware of his VAC ban.
– I talked to them before Nordic Masters and they asked if there were any previous VAC bans, and I told them ”no”. It wasn't because I tried to trick them but simply because I had forgotten about that account since it was one and a half years ago it was banned.
”Don't think it will affect me”
There's been a lot of talk about VAC:s after the KQLY incident, but you don't seem to concerned about being pointed out and accused?
– I don't think a ban from a year and a half ago will affect me. People saw how I played during Nordic Masters and they know I'm capable of playing good, no matter if it's on LAN or online. I'm not worried about being pointed out. People can think whatever they want about me. I know what happened and didn't happen. After that, people can speculate all they want.
”Will issue a statement”
According to Sebastian Svensson, Games4u will take measures against the player after the news, without specifying what they will do.
– Regarding a punishment we will discuss it internally. We'll issue a statement shortly.
And henkez0t will face whatever punishment comes his way.
– I don't really think about it, I will just have to face the consequences.
Russia Today
September 8, 2008
The International Court of Justice in The Hague is to start hearings on the alleged human rights abuses in Georgia by Russia.
Tbilisi sent the application to The Hague on August 12 – the day Russia announced the end of its military operation in the conflict zone.
Tbilisi accuses Moscow of full-scale invasion, the support of separatists and ethnic cleansing. Georgia has asked the court to take interim measures to protect it from Russia.
The court will have to decide whether the case is within its jurisdiction and whether urgent action is needed.
Meanwhile Russia has been investigating the alleged genocide of the South Ossetian people by Georgian troops. Moscow says a lawsuit against Georgia will be filed when the investigation is concluded.
CLOSE After having 3 kids born in captivity, an American family has been freed, nearly 5 years after being taken hostage by the Taliban in Afghanistan. USA TODAY
This undated still image from video provided by the Site Intelligence Group and released by AFP on Oct. 12, 2017 shows hostage Caitlan Coleman, left, and her husband Joshua Boyle of Canada speaking to the camera holding their children in an undisclosed location. (Photo11: SITE Intelligence Group, via AFP/Getty Images)
Caitlan Coleman and her husband Joshua Boyle arrived in Canada late Friday, about five years after they were captured by a Taliban-linked extremist network in Afghanistan.
Coleman was pregnant at the time they were abducted and gave birth to four children while in captivity. Boyle said the Haqqani network killed his infant daughter and raped Coleman during their capture.
Here's what we know about why the couple was in Afghanistan to begin with:
They were attracted to under-developed regions
The couple set off in the summer of 2012 for a journey that took them to Russia, the central Asian countries of Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan, and then to Afghanistan.
"They were interested in cultures that are under-developed," said Caitlan's mother, Lyn Coleman, in 2014.
Read more: Ex-hostage: Taliban-linked group killed my infant daughter, raped my wife
Read more: What's ahead for family released by militants after 5 years' captivity?
They didn't travel like typical tourists. They avoided staying in hotels and visiting mainstream attractions while abroad. Josh was quoted by his mother as saying, "Nowhere is too far to walk if you have enough time."
The previous year, shortly after they got married, Caitlan and Joshua went to Guatemala for a four-month hiking trip, Caitlan's mother said.
Going to Afghanistan was not their original plan
The trip to Afghanistan was not on the couple's original itinerary, according to Sarah Flood, who was close friends with Coleman.
Jim Coleman, Caitlan's father, said in 2014 that while they were in central Asia, the couple met people who spoke highly of Afghanistan.
"They met one or two people who said Afghanistan was the most beautiful country and that it was relatively safe because U.S. forces were there," he said.
Flood said that before Coleman left, she supported the idea of her friend going because she had recently been to Ukraine for 10 days, where she helped provide medical treatment in and around Kiev during the summer of 2010.
"The idea of going to a country and being helpful is something we absolutely shared," Flood said.
Read more: Caitlan Coleman's father questions why Joshua Boyle took pregnant wife to Afghanistan
Read more: American Caitlan Coleman, family leave Pakistan after being held by militants for five years
Flood said she was unaware her friend was pregnant at the time she left.
The 2012 trip was mostly Boyle's idea, but one that Coleman came to support and started looking forward to, despite her passion to settle down in the United States and start a family.
When Flood learned her friend was pregnant, she became upset the couple would risk traveling into dangerous territory.
Trust and optimism
In 2014, when there were no clear signs for a motive for their being held, officials said the mere fact they were Westerners in hostile territory may have been reason enough.
"They really and truly believed that if people were loved and treated with respect that that would be given back to them in kind," said Linda Boyle, Boyle's mother.
"So as odd it as it may seem to us that they were there, they truly believed with all their heart that if they treated people properly, they would be treated properly."
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2wVNZAM
by
Videos are springing up across the internet showing uniformed members of the New York Police Department in white shirts (as opposed to the typical NYPD blue uniforms) pepper spraying and brutalizing peaceful, nonthreatening protestors attempting to take part in the Occupy Wall Street marches. Corporate media are reporting that these white shirts are police supervisors as opposed to rank and file. Recently discovered documents suggest something else may be at work.
If you're a Wall Street behemoth, there are endless opportunities to privatize profits and socialize losses beyond collecting trillions of dollars in bailouts from taxpayers. One of the ingenious methods that has remained below the public's radar was started by the Rudy Giuliani administration in New York City in 1998. It's called the Paid Detail Unit and it allows the New York Stock Exchange and Wall Street corporations, including those repeatedly charged with crimes, to order up a flank of New York's finest with the ease of dialing the deli for a pastrami on rye.
The corporations pay an average of $37 an hour (no medical, no pension benefit, no overtime pay) for a member of the NYPD, with gun, handcuffs and the ability to arrest. The officer is indemnified by the taxpayer, not the corporation.
New York City gets a 10 percent administrative fee on top of the $37 per hour paid to the police. The City's 2011 budget called for $1,184,000 in Paid Detail fees, meaning private corporations were paying wages of $11.8 million to police participating in the Paid Detail Unit. The program has more than doubled in revenue to the city since 2002.
The taxpayer has paid for the training of the rent-a-cop, his uniform and gun, and will pick up the legal tab for lawsuits stemming from the police personnel following illegal instructions from its corporate master. Lawsuits have already sprung up from the program.
When the program was first rolled out, one insightful member of the NYPD posted the following on a forum: “… regarding the officer working for, and being paid by, some of the richest people and organizations in the City, if not the world, enforcing the mandates of the private employer, and in effect, allowing the officer to become the Praetorian Guard of the elite of the City. And now corruption is no longer a problem. Who are they kidding?”
Just this year, the Department of Justice revealed serious problems with the Paid Detail unit of the New Orleans Police Department. Now corruption probes are snowballing at NOPD, revealing cash payments to police in the Paid Detail and members of the department setting up limited liability corporations to run upwards of $250,000 in Paid Detail work billed to the city.
When the infamously mismanaged Wall Street firm, Lehman Brothers, collapsed on September 15, 2008, its bankruptcy filings in 2009 showed it owed money to 21 members of the NYPD's Paid Detail Unit. (A phone call and email request to the NYPD for information on which Wall Street firms participate in the program were not responded to. The police unions appear to have only scant information about the program.)
Other Wall Street firms that are known to have used the Paid Detail include Goldman Sachs, the World Financial Center complex which houses financial firms, and the New York Stock Exchange.
The New York Stock Exchange is the building in front of which the Occupy Wall Street protesters have unsuccessfully tried to protest, being herded behind metal barricades, clubbed with night sticks, kicked in the face and carted off to jail rather than permit the last plantation in America to be defiled with citizen chants and posters. (A sample of those politically inconvenient posters and chants: “The corrupt are afraid of us; the honest support us; the heroic join us”; “Tell me what democracy looks like, this is what democracy looks like”; “I'll believe a corporation is a person when Texas executes one.” The last sign refers to the 2010 U.S. Supreme Court decision, Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, giving corporations First Amendment personhood, which allows them to spend unlimited amounts of money in elections.)
On September 8, 2004, Robert Britz, then President and Co-Chief Operating Officer of the New York Stock Exchange, testified as follows to the U.S. House Committee on Financial Services:
“…we have implemented new hiring standards requiring former law enforcement or military backgrounds for the security staff…We have established a 24-hour NYPD Paid Detail monitoring the perimeter of the data centers…We have implemented traffic control and vehicle screening at the checkpoints. We have installed fixed protective planters and movable vehicle barriers.”
Military backgrounds; paid NYPD 24-7; checkpoints; vehicle barriers? It might be insightful to recall that the New York Stock Exchange originally traded stocks with a handshake under a Buttonwood tree in the open air on Wall Street.
In his testimony, the NYSE executive Britz states that “we” did this or that while describing functions that clearly belong to the City of New York. The New York Stock Exchange at that time had not yet gone public and was owned by those who had purchased seats on the exchange – primarily, the largest firms on Wall Street. Did the NYSE simply give itself police powers to barricade streets and set up checkpoints with rented cops? How about clubbing protesters on the sidewalk?
Just six months before NYSE executive Britz' testimony to a congressional committee, his organization was being sued in the Supreme Court of New York County for illegally taking over public streets with no authority to do so. This action had crippled the business of a parking garage, Wall Street Garage Parking Corp., the plaintiff in the case. Judge Walter Tolub said in his opinion that
“…a private entity, the New York Stock Exchange, has assumed responsibility for the patrol and maintenance of truck blockades located at seven intersections surrounding the NYSE…no formal authority appears to have been given to the NYSE to maintain these blockades and/or conduct security searches at these checkpoints…the closure of these intersections by the NYSE is tantamount to a public nuisance…The NYSE has yet to provide this court with any evidence of an agreement giving them the authority to maintain the security perimeter and/or conduct the searches that their private security force conducts daily. As such, the NYSE's actions are unlawful and may be enjoined as they violate plaintiff's civil rights as a private citizen.”
The case was appealed, the ruling overturned, and sent back to the same Judge who had no choice but to dismiss the case on the appellate ruling that the plaintiff had suffered no greater harm than the community at large. Does everyone in lower Manhattan own a parking garage that is losing its customer base because the roads are blocked to the garage?
Some believe that Wall Street is given special privileges and protection because New York City's Mayor Michael Bloomberg owes his $18.1 billion in wealth (yes, he's that 1 percent the 99 percent are protesting) to Wall Street. The Mayor was previously a trader for Salomon Brothers, the investment bank made famous for attempting to rig the U.S. Treasury market in two-year notes.
The Mayor's business empire which bears his name, includes the awesome Bloomberg terminal, a computer that houses enormous pricing data for stocks and bonds, research, news, charting functions and much more. There are currently an estimated 290,000 of these terminals on Wall Street trading floors around the globe, generating approximately $1500 in rental fees per terminal per month. That's a cool $435 million a month or $5.2 billion a year, the cash cow of the Bloomberg businesses.
The Bloomberg businesses are run independently from the Mayor but he certainly knows that his terminal is a core component of his wealth. Nonetheless, the Mayor is not Wall Street's patsy. Bloomberg Publishing is frequently in the forefront of exposing fraud on Wall Street such as the 2001 tome “The Pied Pipers of Wall Street” by Benjamin Mark Cole, which exposed the practice of releasing fraudulent stock research to the public. Bloomberg News was responsible for court action that forced the Federal Reserve to release the details of what it did with trillions of dollars in taxpayer bailouts to Wall Street firms, hedge funds and foreign banks.
Police Commissioner Ray Kelly may also have a soft spot for Wall Street. He was formerly Senior Managing Director of Global Corporate Security at Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., the Wall Street firm that collapsed into the arms of JPMorgan in March of 2008.
There has also been a bizarre revolving door between the Wall Street millionaires and the NYPD at times. One of the most puzzling career moves was made by Stephen L. Hammerman. He left a hefty compensation package as Vice Chairman of Merrill Lynch & Co. in 2002 to work as Deputy Commissioner of Legal Matters for the NYPD from 2002 to 2004. That move had everyone on Wall Street scratching their head at the time. Merrill collapsed into the arms of Bank of America on September 15, 2008, the same date that Lehman went under.
Wall Street is not the only sector renting cops in Manhattan. Department stores, parks, commercial banks and landmarks like Rockefeller Center, Jacob Javits Center and St. Patrick's Cathedral have also participated in the Paid Detail Unit, according to insiders. But Wall Street is the only sector that runs a private justice system where its crimes are herded off to secret arbitration tribunals, has sucked on the public teat to the tune of trillions of dollars, escaped prosecution for the financial collapse, and can put an armed municipal force on the sidewalk to intimidate public protestors seeking a realignment of their democracy.
We may be learning a lot more in the future about the tactics Wall Street and the NYPD have deployed against the Occupy Wall Street protestors. The highly regarded Partnership for Civil Justice Fund has filed a class action lawsuit over the approximately 700 arrests made on the Brooklyn Bridge on October 1. The formal complaint and related information is available at the organization's web site, www.JusticeOnLine.org.
The organization was founded by Carl Messineo and Mara Verheyden-Hilliard. The Washington Post has called them “the constitutional sheriffs for a new protest generation.”
The suit names Mayor Bloomberg, Police Commissioner Kelly, the City of New York, 30 unnamed members of the NYPD, and, provocatively, 10 unnamed law enforcement officers not employed by the NYPD.
The lawsuit lays out dwhat has been curtailing the constitutional rights of protestors for a very long time in New York City.
“As seen in the movements for social change in the Middle East and Europe, all movements for social justice, jobs, and democracy need room to breathe and grow and it is imperative that there be a halt to law enforcement actions used to shut down mass assembly and free expression of the people seeking to redress grievances… “After escorting and leading a group of demonstrators and others well out onto the Brooklyn Bridge roadway, the NYPD suddenly and without warning curtailed further forward movement, blocked the ability of persons to leave the Bridge from the rear, and arrested hundreds of protestors in the absence of probable cause. This was a form of entrapment, both illegal and physical. “That the trap and detain mass arrest was a command-level-driven intentional and calculated police operation is evidenced by the fact that the law enforcement officials who led the demonstration across the bridge were command officials, known as ‘white shirts.' ”
In April 2001, I was arrested and incarcerated by the NYPD while peacefully handing out flyers on a public sidewalk outside of the Citigroup shareholders meeting – flyers that warned of growing corruption inside the company. (The unlawful merger of Travelers Group and Citibank created Citigroup and resulted in the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act, the depression era investor protection legislation that barred depositor banks from merging with high-risk Wall Street firms. Many of us from social justice groups in New York City had protested against the repeal but were out maneuvered by Wall Street's political pawns in Washington.)
Out of a group of about two dozen protestors from the National Organization for Women in New York City, Rain Forest Action Network, and Inner City Press, I was the only person arrested. There was no civil disobedience occurring. Rain Forest Action Network was handing out fortune cookies with prescient warnings about Citigroup and urging pedestrians to cut up their Citibank credit cards. The rest of us were peacefully handing out flyers.
Chained to a metal bar inside the police precinct, I was grilled on any crimes I might know about. I responded that the only crimes I knew about were listed on the flyer and apparently, in New York City, one gets arrested for disclosing crimes by Wall Street firms.
A mysterious, mature, white shirted inspector who ordered my arrest on the sidewalk, and refused to give his first name, disappeared from the police report when it was filed, blaming the arrest instead on a young police officer. Citigroup is only alive today because the Federal government inserted a feeding tube into Citigroup and infused over $2 trillion in loans, direct investment and guarantees as the company veered toward collapse.
The NYPD at the time of my arrest was run by Bernard Kerik – the man President George W. Bush later sent to Iraq to be the interim Interior Minister and train Iraqi police. The President subsequently nominated Kerik to head the Department of Homeland Security for the entire nation. The nation was spared of that eventuality only because of an illegal nanny popping up. Today, Kerik is serving a four year sentence in Federal prison for a variety of criminal acts.
The New York Civil Liberties Union filed a Federal lawsuit on my behalf (Martens v. Giuliani) and we learned that the NYPD had arbitrarily established a policy to arrest and hold for 72 hours any person protesting in a group of 20 or more. The case was settled for a modest monetary award and the repeal by the NYPD of this unconstitutional and despicable practice.
Pam Martens worked on Wall Street for 21 years. She spent the last decade of her career advocating against Wall Street's private justice system, which keeps its crimes shielded from public courtrooms. She has been writing on public interest issues for CounterPunch since retiring in 2006. She has no security position, long or short, in any company mentioned in this article. She can be reached at pamk741@aol.com
Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure is making a range of organizational changes to Sprint's management, actions that include reducing the number of his direct reports, redesigning the company's offices, promoting some executives and letting others go.
“The new structure will enable us to improve the customer experience, increase partner engagement, and bring new ideas to market faster than ever before,” Claure wrote in a company memo obtained by FierceWireless. “We're taking action now to streamline the leadership team so we're leaner and stronger.”
The memo, available at the end of this article, covers a range of notable actions at Sprint, including:
Mobile World Congress 2019 Attend the 2-Day Executive 5G Panel Series FierceWireless is returning to Barcelona, Spain, during Mobile World Congress 2019 with a two-day Executive 5G Panel Series at the Fira Congress Hotel, conveniently located across the street from the MWC Convention Center. The panel events will take place on Feb. 25-26 and will cover 5G and The Fixed Wireless Access Opportunity, Taking 5G Indoors, and Making 5G Ubiquitous. Attendees will have the opportunity to network and hear from 5G leaders including Verizon, Vodafone, Orange, Sprint, NTT Docomo, Boingo Wireless, Qualcomm, and more over the course of two days.
Secure your spot at the event today! Now is your chance to join fellow industry professionals for networking and education. Registration information and the schedule can be found on the website here. Register today
Dow Draper, president of Sprint Prepaid and the architect behind Sprint's Virgin Mobile relaunch, has been promoted to the newly created role of chief commercial officer.
Kevin Crull, president of Sprint's Omnichannel Sales, has been promoted as the company's new chief strategy officer.
Günther Ottendorfer, Jeff Nelson and Jim Hyde are all leaving Sprint, as noted by The Kansas City Star. Nelson reported to Roger Solé, who will continue in his role as Sprint's chief marketing officer for postpaid.
Claure's direct reports will be reduced from 16 to nine. Claure's direct reports include CTO John Saw, President of Sprint Business Jan Geldmacher, COO Nestor Cano, Draper and Crull (Geldmacher, Cano and Crull previously reported to Claure).
Interestingly, Claure is also implementing “new, more modern workspaces where high-performing teams can achieve their goals. These new workspaces are designed to make it easier for teams to collaborate. Collaboration fuels innovation, and I believe that teams working side-by-side can accomplish anything,” Claure wrote in his memo. “To get things rolling, I'm moving to a new workspace in Building 6550 on the Overland Park campus, along with some senior leaders and members of their teams. I want to try out this new workspace, and once we're sure of the benefits we'll redesign the workspaces across our campus in Overland Park and our offices throughout the U.S.”
“As we start this new chapter, we're building an organization that is flatter, faster and closer than ever to our customers,” Claure concluded. “At the same time, we're creating an environment where partners can collaborate more easily and are empowered to make the decisions that will enable Sprint's success.”
Claure's actions likely stem from the recent collapse of Sprint's merger negotiations with T-Mobile. According to the Wall Street Journal, Sprint Chairman Masayoshi Son ended talks with T-Mobile because he didn't want to lose control over Sprint, which he believes could play a role in connecting robots and millions of other devices. Just days after the merger talks ended, Son announced SoftBank would raise its stake in Sprint and increase the carrier's capex from a low of $2 billion last year to an eventual high of $6 billion per year.
“Even if it is tough for the next three or four years, on a five- or 10-year timescale scale it [Sprint] is a strategically indispensable company,” Son told reporters at SoftBank's earnings briefing earlier this month, according to Reuters.
“Thanks for the support,” Claure tweeted to Son. “Your @sprint partners will make you proud.”
Article updated Nov. 21 to clarify Claure's direct reports.
The 34th iteration of the annual Chaos Communication Congress (34C3) will again take place in December, but at a new location: the congress and convention center in Leipzig. Congress had to find a new home because its former venue, the Congress Center Hamburg (CCH), will be undergoing a general makeover. The new venue in Leipzig will provide participants much more space to tinker with.
The CCH was home to the Congress since 2012. Over the years, we developed a strong friendship with the team on site, so we're sad we have to leave.
Finding a new location was not easy. The large number of participants combined with special demands regarding technology, lecture halls, workshop spaces – as well as areas to party and hang out – pose a challenge to any convention center in Germany. Even the CCH would not have been able to accommodate any more than last year's 12.000 participants. „We're not trying to grow at all costs, but expanding our cultural reach is very important to us. It's always painful to be forced to reject more and more interested people at the door each year,“ explained Dirk Engling, CCC spokesperson.
With access not only to the main Congress Center Leipzig, but also to parts of the neighbouring convention halls, the CCC is confident to find the balance between a potential for moderate growth and a chance to maintain the event's unique atmosphere. „Everything is on track for smooth cooperation,“ Dirk Engling said about the team in Leipzig. „After all, that city can look back on over 850 years of tradition hosting trade fairs.“
As usual, the gates will be open for participants on December 27th. Despite the challenges of moving to a new location, our goal is to keep ticket prices stable. And of course, we'll continue to resist commercialization. On one hand, the new loation offers more space for some more participants. On the other, we're going to need to depend more than ever on the solidarity of our community: By purchasing supporter tickets, one can directly enable others to attend at affordable rates. Just as last year, we're aiming for a large black zero in profit. The start of presale is going to be announced at CCC's events blog at https://events.ccc.de/.
Planning content for the 34C3 has already begun, and there will be a launch of the call for participation soon. „Hacker assemblies in the ‚Hackcenter‘ will be organized this year mainly around themes and interests rather by region. This should encourage even more interregional and international exchange between the communities,“ Dirk Engling explained. „And of couse, we'll make every effort to tame the convention hall's atmosphere and make it as cosy as our participants have come to expect over 33 years of congress history.“
Dozerfleet Database logo as of August 22nd of 2016. Industry Web, information, archival Founded January 2007, (as DozerfleetWiki.) Headquarters Grand Ledge, MI Parent company Dozerfleet Productions
The Dozerfleet Database is the official project history log of Dozerfleet Productions, primarily its Dozerfleet Comics division. Until April 9th of 2016, it was known as DozerfleetWiki.
Contents show]
History
Old wikis
The original DozerfleetWiki was founded in January of 2007 as a way to safely archive online the activities of Dozerfleet. As of the end of April of 2008, DozerfleetWiki had accumulated over 200 articles on a variety of different subjects.
To fulfill more of a traditional Wikipedia-like role for Dozerfleet materials, DozerfleetWiki branched into two sites. One remained on Wikispaces, while the other half of it, dubbed "DozerfleetWiki2," was founded on May 5th of 2008. The Wikispaces version, dubbed "DozerfleetWiki 1," was discontinued on Saturday, December 13th of 2008. It was replaced with The Dozerfleet Forum, which would itself be replaced with The Dozerfleet Blog on February 17th of 2011. In April of 2011, the main DozerfleetWiki was moved to Wikia. It's Wiki-Site location remained intact for a time, however, as a backup.
Retool
In April 9th-10th of 2016, the site was renamed the "Dozerfleet Database," and was retooled to focus primarily on Dozerfleet Comics and on promoting artists that the Dozerfleet founder believed deserved to be promoted. However, information would remain on the wiki regarding the old Dozerfleet and various projects from the founder's project history. Among the many changes brought to the wiki were an increased focus on compatibility with Wikia's mobile site features, as well as opening the wiki to promote a larger number of artists.
In spite deriving the name, and seeking to implement some of the content and layout principles of other comics database wikis on Wikia's Comics Database Affiliated Network, Dozerfleet itself remains independent of that network. (Hence, why the talk bubble icon is not featured.)
The Dozerfleet Database is an imprint of Dozerfleet Literature. That being said, it integrates reference material for all the other divisions as well. It is attached to a Facebook page and to the DeviantArt profile BulldozerIvan.
Design
Dozerfleet's database has gone through a number of design changes since its inception. Upon the move to Wiki-Site from WikiSpaces, the database tried to resemble Wikipedia's design of the time. After to retool in 2016, the front page adopted a standard of design more in keeping with that of Marvel and DC's Database front pages. Character articles also became a mixture of Wikipedia and Marvel Database formatting.
When a truck with a child inside when up in flames near the Washington State Department of Transportation restroom building on Snoqualmie Pass, Tequila Isaacson who jumped in to action and broke a glass door to reach a fire extinguisher. (Photo: Tequila Isaacson)
SNOQUALMIE PASS, Wash. – An Idaho woman who acted as a good Samaritan when a child was stuck inside a burning truck could face charges - all over a fire extinguisher.
“I'm in absolute shock,” said Tequila Isaacson who jumped in to help when the pickup truck went up in flames.
It happened near the Washington State Department of Transportation restroom building on Snoqualmie Pass.
On Tuesday one of the glass front doors on the neighboring Red Mountain Coffee remained boarded up after Isaacson broke the window on Sunday to gain access to a fire extinguisher.
“We turned around and the whole vehicle was on fire,” said Isaacson. “There were flames shooting between the cab and the bed of the truck - taller than the truck.”
The pickup was parked in the parking lot next to the coffee shop when it went up in flames with a child inside. The boy's parents worked to get him out as another man called 911 and Isaacson frantically searched for a fire extinguisher.
“I ran back around from where the glass door was and I pulled a post out of the bed of my truck and hit the door to get to the fire extinguisher,” said Isaacson.
When first responders arrived, the 34-year-old told authorities she broke the glass door to get the extinguisher. But, Isaacson was stunned by what the Washington State Patrol Trooper told her next.
“He was telling me that using a fire extinguisher that doesn't belong to me is theft and you're not allowed to steal it, no matter how good your intentions,” she said.
Isaacson said the trooper told her she would need to pay to replace the glass on the door, or else.
“He out right stated that unless I was willing to pay for it right then and there, he would be charging me with burglary,” said Isaacson.
Isaacson said it was instinct to jump into help to try to prevent the truck from exploding before firefighters could get there.
“Talk about no good deed goes unpunished,” she said.
The Washington State Patrol said their trooper did talk to Isaacson about who would be responsible and the consequences. They said so far, no charges have been filed.
According to WSP, they will be reviewing the way this case was handled with the trooper, adding they are grateful for Isaacson's courageous effort to help save the child.
It's not clear why the truck went up in flames.
Carbon dioxide is released into the atmosphere in huge quantities when fuel is burnt by power plants and cars. It causes more heat to be trapped inside Earth's atmosphere rather than being released into outer space – a process known as the “greenhouse effect.” As the median temperature rises, it triggers catastrophic changes in the planetary climate – or so the theory goes.
The extent to which CO2 affects global average temperatures may have been exaggerated. The UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) said a doubling of the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere would result in a change of 2 to 4.5 degrees Celsius. Not so, says a new study led by Andreas Schmittner of Oregon State University who predicts a less-dramatic rise – at just 2.4 degrees.
Schmittner and colleagues took a close look at the Last Glacial Maximum around 20,000 years ago, when average temperature was 2.2 degrees lower than now and amounts of CO2 in the atmosphere were also much lower. Using temperature and greenhouse gas data for that age and the present, they built a computer model estimating the climate's sensitivity to emissions. It was lower than expected – showing a rise of only 2.4 degrees in response to a doubling of the amount of carbon dioxide.
Critics of Schmittner's paper say his model may be wrong in several ways, from taking too high an estimate of the Last Glacial Maximum temperatures, to underestimating the cooling in Antarctica and the mid-latitudes. And even if accurate, it does not mean that climate change is not a threat to humanity, because even small changes in temperature may have grave consequences.
Country AUSTRALIA AFGHANISTAN ALAND ISLANDS ALBANIA ALGERIA AMERICAN SAMOA ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTARCTICA ANTIGUA AND BARBUDA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BELARUS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BOUVET ISLAND BRAZIL BRITISH INDIAN OCEAN TERRITORY BRUNEI DARUSSALAM BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANADA CAPE VERDE CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC CHAD CHILE CHINA CHRISTMAS ISLAND COCOS (KEELING) ISLANDS COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO CONGO, THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA COTE D'IVOIRE CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR EQUATORIAL GUINEA ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FALKLAND ISLANDS (MALVINAS) FAROE ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH SOUTHERN TERRITORIES GABON GAMBIA GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUAM GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUINEA-BISSAU GUYANA HAITI HEARD ISLAND AND MCDONALD ISLANDS HOLY SEE (VATICAN CITY STATE) HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN, ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY JAMAICA JAPAN JERSEY JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRIBATI KOREA, DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF KOREA, REPUBLIC OF KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYAN ARAB JAMAHIRIYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA, THE FORMER YUGOSLAV REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA, FEDERATED STATES OF MOLDOVA, REPUBLIC OF MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLANDS NETHERLANDS ANTILLES NEW CALEDONIA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NIUE NORFOLK ISLAND NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS NORWAY OMAN PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINIAN TERRITORY, OCCUPIED PANAMA PAPUA NEW GUINEA PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PITCAIRN POLAND PORTUGAL PUERTO RICO QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIAN FEDERATION RWANDA SAINT HELENA SAINT KITTS AND NEVIS SAINT LUCIA SAINT PIERRE AND MIQUELON SAINT VINCENT AND THE GRENADINES SAMOA SAN MARINO SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE SAUDI ARABIA SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAKIA SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH GEORGIA AND THE SOUTH SANDWICH ISLANDS SPAIN SRI LANKA SUDAN SURINAME SVALBARD AND JAN MAYEN SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIAN ARAB REPUBLIC TAIWAN, PROVINCE OF CHINA TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA, UNITED REPUBLIC OF THAILAND TIMOR-LESTE TOGO TOKELAU TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS AND CAICOS ISLANDS TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES UNITED KINGDOM UNITED STATES MINOR OUTLYING ISLANDS URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VENEZUELA VIET NAM VIRGIN ISLANDS, BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS, U.S. WALLIS AND FUTUNA WESTERN SAHARA YEMEN ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
Last Name*
First Name*
Thanks for entering your email.
Donate with PayPal › Card Number Name on Card Expiry Month 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 Year 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 Security Code
Donating from overseas? Please use PayPal - or contact the donations team at [email protected] to talk through your options.
I am an Australian citizen or resident
DONATE
Donald Henry Pleasence, OBE (;[1] 5 October 1919 – 2 February 1995)[2] was an English actor. His best known film roles include psychiatrist Dr. Sam Loomis in Halloween (1978) and four of its sequels, the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the James Bond film You Only Live Twice (1967), RAF Flight Lieutenant Colin Blythe in The Great Escape (1963), SEN 5241 in THX 1138 (1971), Clarence "Doc" Tydon in Wake in Fright (1971), and the President of the United States in Escape from New York (1981).
Early life [ edit ]
Pleasence was born in Worksop, Nottinghamshire, England, the son of Alice (née, Armitage) and Thomas Stanley Pleasence, a railway stationmaster.[3] He was brought up as a strict Methodist in the small village of Grimoldby, Lincolnshire.[4] He received his formal education at Crosby Junior School, Scunthorpe[5] and Ecclesfield Grammar School, in Sheffield, South Yorkshire. After working as the Clerk-in-Charge at Swinton railway station in South Yorkshire,[6] he decided that he wanted to be a professional actor, taking up a placement with the Jersey Repertory Company in 1939.[4]
Second World War [ edit ]
In December 1939, Pleasence initially refused conscription into the British Armed Forces, registering as a conscientious objector, but changed his stance in autumn 1940, after the attacks upon London by the Luftwaffe, and volunteered with the Royal Air Force.[7] He served as aircraft wireless-operator with No. 166 Squadron in Bomber Command, with which he flew almost sixty raids against the Axis over occupied Europe. On 31 August 1944, Lancaster NE112, in which he was a crew member, was shot down during an attack upon Agenville,[8][9] and he was captured and imprisoned in the German prisoner-of-war camp Stalag Luft I, where he was treated well reciprocally (like the British treated captured Luftwaffe pilots) in similar prisoner-of-war camps. Here, Pleasence produced and acted in many plays for the entertainment of his fellow captives.
After the war and his release, he was discharged from the R.A.F. in 1946.
Acting career [ edit ]
Returning to acting after the war, Pleasence resumed working in repertory theatre companies in Birmingham and Bristol.[10] In the 1950s, Pleasence's stage work included performing as Willie Mossop in a 1952 production of Hobson's Choice at the Arts Theatre, London and as Dauphin in Jean Anouilh's The Lark (1956).[10] In 1960, Pleasence gained excellent notices as the tramp in Harold Pinter's The Caretaker at the Arts Theatre, a role he would again play in a 1990 revival.[10] Other stage work in the 1960s included Anouilh's Poor Bitos (1967) and Robert Shaw's The Man in the Glass Booth (1967), for which he won the London Variety Award for Stage Actor of the Year in 1968.[10] Pleasence's later stage work included performing in a double bill of Pinter plays, The Basement and Tea Party, at the Duchess Theatre in 1970.[10]
Television [ edit ]
Pleasence made his television debut in I Want to Be a Doctor (1946).[10] He received positive critical attention for his role as Syme in the BBC version of Nineteen Eighty-Four (1954) from the novel by George Orwell.[10] The adaptation was by Nigel Kneale and featured Peter Cushing in the lead role of Winston Smith.
Pleasence played Prince John in several episodes of the ITV series The Adventures of Robin Hood (1956–1958). He appeared twice with Patrick McGoohan in the British spy series, Danger Man, in episodes "Position of Trust" (1960) and "Find and Return" (1961). Pleasence's first appearance in America was in an episode of The Twilight Zone, playing an ageing teacher at a boys' school in the episode "The Changing of the Guard" (1962). In 1963, he appeared in an episode of The Outer Limits entitled "The Man With the Power". In 1966, he also guest starred in an episode of The Fugitive entitled "With Strings Attached"
In 1973, Pleasence played a sympathetic murderer in an episode of Columbo entitled "Any Old Port in a Storm". He also portrayed a murderer captured by Mrs. Columbo in "Murder Is a Parlor Game" (1979). In 1978, he played a scout, Sam Purchas in an adaptation of James A. Michener's Centennial. Pleasence starred as the Reverend Septimus Harding in the BBC's TV series The Barchester Chronicles (1982). In this series, his daughter Angela Pleasence played his onscreen daughter Susan.
He hosted the 1981 Halloween episode of Saturday Night Live with music guest Fear.
In 1986, Pleasence joined Ronald Lacey and Polly Jo Pleasence for the television thriller Into the Darkness.
Film [ edit ]
Pleasence made his big-screen debut with The Beachcomber (1954). Some notable early roles include Parsons in 1984 (1956), and minor roles opposite Alec Guinness in Barnacle Bill (1957) and Dirk Bogarde in The Wind Cannot Read (1958). In Tony Richardson's film of Look Back in Anger (1959), he plays a vindictive market inspector opposite Richard Burton. In the same year, Pleasence starred in the horror films Circus of Horrors directed by Sidney Hayers, playing the role of Vanet, the owner of a circus, and The Flesh and the Fiends as the real-life murderer William Hare, alongside Peter Cushing, George Rose and Billie Whitelaw.[11]
Endowed with a bald head, a penetrating stare, and an intense voice, usually quiet but capable of a piercing scream, he specialised in portraying insane, fanatical, or evil characters, including the title role in Dr Crippen (1962), the double agent Dr Michaels in the science-fiction film Fantastic Voyage (1966), the white trader who sells guns to the Cheyenne Indians in the revisionist western Soldier Blue (1970), the mad Doctor in the Bud Spencer–Terence Hill film Watch Out, We're Mad! (1974), Nazi leader Heinrich Himmler in The Eagle Has Landed (1976), and the Bond arch-villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in You Only Live Twice (1967), the first film in which Blofeld's face is clearly seen. His interpretation of the character has become predominant in popular culture considering the popularity of the comic villain, Dr. Evil in the successful Austin Powers film series, which primarily parodies it. In the crime drama Hell is a City (1960), shot in Manchester, he starred opposite Stanley Baker, whilst he was memorably cast in the horror comedy What a CARE Up! (1961) as the “horrible-looking zombie” solicitor opposite Shirley Eaton, Sid James, Kenneth Connor and Dennis Price.
He appeared as the mild-mannered and good-natured POW forger Colin Blythe in the film The Great Escape (1963), who discovers that he is slowly going blind, but nonetheless participates in the mass break-out, only to be shot down by German soldiers because he is unable to see them. In The Night of the Generals (1967), he played another uncharacteristically sympathetic role, this time as an old-school German general involved in a plot to kill Adolf Hitler. In 1971, he returned to the realm of the deranged, delivering a tour de force performance in the role of an alcoholic Australian doctor in Ted Kotcheff's nightmarish outback drama Wake in Fright.
Pleasence played Lucifer in the religious epic The Greatest Story Ever Told (1965). His character taking on many dark, shadowy human disguises throughout the film was unprecedented in breathing life into the Luke 4:13 phrase "... he left Him until an opportune time ..." He was one of many stars who were given cameos throughout the film.
He also acted in Roman Polanski's Cul-de-sac (1966), in which he portrayed the love-sodden husband of a much younger French wife (Françoise Dorléac). He ventured successfully into American cowboy territory, playing a sadistic self-styled preacher who goes after stoic Charlton Heston in the Western Will Penny (1968).
He portrayed SEN 5241 in THX 1138 (1971), opposite Robert Duvall which was the directorial debut of George Lucas. Few heads later years, he portrayed Lucas Deranian in Walt Disney's Escape to Witch Mountain (1975), the Russian seeking to start a war between the United States and the Soviet Union in Telefon (1977), Dr. Sam Loomis in Halloween (1978), The teacher, Kantorek in All Quiet on the Western Front (1979), Dr. Kobras in The Pumaman (1980) and the held-hostage President of the United States in Escape from New York (1981). The rather sinister accent which Pleasence employed in this and other films may be credited to the elocution lessons he had as a child. He reprised his Dr. Sam Loomis role in Halloween II (1981), Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers (1988), Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers (1989) and Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers (1995).
Pleasence admired Sir Laurence Olivier,[12] with whom he worked on-stage in the 1950s, and later on the film version of Dracula (1979). Two years earlier, Pleasence did an amusingly broad impersonation of Olivier in the guise of a horror-film actor called "Valentine De'ath" in the film The Uncanny (1977). According to the film critic Kim Newman on a DVD commentary for Halloween II, the reason for Pleasence's lengthy filmography was that he never turned down any role that was offered.
Spoken records and voice-overs [ edit ]
During the early 1960s, Pleasence recorded several children's-story records on the Atlas Record label. These were marketed as the Talespinners series in the United Kingdom. They were also released in the United States as Tale Spinners for Children by United Artists. The stories included Don Quixote and the Brave Little Tailor.
Pleasence provided the voice-over for the British public information film, The Spirit of Dark and Lonely Water (1973). The film, intended to warn children of the dangers of playing near water, attained notoriety for allegedly giving children nightmares.
Books [ edit ]
Pleasence was the author of the children's book Scouse the Mouse (1977) (London: New English Library), which was animated by Canadian animator/film director Gerald Potterton (a friend of the actor, who directed him in the Canadian film The Rainbow Boys (1973), retitled The Rainbow Gang for VHS release in the United States) and also adapted into a children's recording (Polydor Records, 1977) with Ringo Starr voicing the book's title character, Scouse the Mouse.
In his book British Film Character Actors (1982), Terence Pettigrew describes Pleasence as "a potent combination of eyes and voice. The eyes are mournful but they can also be sinister or seedy or just plain nutty. He has the kind of piercing stare which lifts enamel off saucepans."
Awards [ edit ]
Pleasence was nominated four times for the Tony Award for best performance by a leading actor in a Broadway play: in 1962 for Harold Pinter's The Caretaker, in 1965 for Jean Anouilh's Poor Bitos, in 1969 for Robert Shaw's The Man in the Glass Booth, and in 1972 for Simon Gray's Wise Child.
Pleasence was appointed an Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire for his services to the acting profession by Queen Elizabeth II in 1994.
Personal life [ edit ]
Pleasence married four times and had five daughters from his first three marriages. He had Angela and Jean with Miriam Raymond (m. 1941–1958); Lucy and Polly with Josephine Martin Crombie (m. 1959–1970); and Miranda with Meira Shore (m. 1970–1988). His last marriage was to Linda Kentwood (m. 1988–1995; his death)
Death [ edit ]
On 2 February 1995, Pleasence died at age 75 in Saint-Paul-de-Vence, France, from complications of heart failure following heart valve replacement surgery.[13] His body was cremated.
Legacy [ edit ]
The 1995 film Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers was dedicated to Donald Pleasence. The 1998 film Halloween H20: 20 Years Later also features a dedication to Pleasence in the end credits, with sound-alike voice actor Tom Kane providing a voice-over for Loomis in the film. In the 2018 film, Halloween, sound-alike comedian Colin Mahan voiced Loomis.[14][15]
Dr. Evil, the character played by Mike Myers in the Austin Powers comedy films (1997–2002), and Doctor Claw from Inspector Gadget are parodies of Pleasence's performance as Blofeld in You Only Live Twice.
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
On Thursday, the Trump administration retaliated to that retaliation: The State Department ordered Russia to close by September 2 its consulate general in San Francisco, a chancery annex in Washington, D.C., and a consular annex in New York City. (The move does not, so far, mean additional expulsions of diplomatic staff.) The action means each country will now have three consulates in the other. The U.S. consulates in Russia are in Saint Petersburg, Vladivostok, and Yekaterinburg. By the time it complies with the State order, Russia will have consulates in New York, Seattle, and Houston.
“While there will continue to be a disparity in the number of diplomatic and consular annexes, we have chosen to allow the Russian Government to maintain some of its annexes in an effort to arrest the downward spiral in our relationship,” Heather Nauert, the State Department's spokeswoman, said in a statement.
Meanwhile, the U.S. and Russia are in some places cooperating on issues like counterterrorism, but remain at odds on Ukraine, where the Russian annexation of Crimea and covert incursion into Eastern Ukraine has prompted U.S. sanctions—both unilateral and coordinated with the EU. It's unclear how many Russians will be affected by Thursday's move, which the State Department said it was undertaking in the “spirit of parity” following Putin's dramatic expulsions from earlier in the summer. The number of people employed by the U.S. mission in Russia is now at 455—a number that's significantly lower than the 1,279 staffers (including 934 local hires) employed by the mission in 2013. In 2006, the number was 1,779.
Diplomatic and other expulsions were relatively common during the Cold War, when the U.S. and the Soviet Union faced off as the world's two superpowers with opposing ideologies. Each country expelled diplomats accused of being spies. The biggest expulsion of the Cold War from the American side came in the fall of 1986, when President Ronald Reagan ordered 80 Soviet diplomats to leave at once to, in the words of The New York Times at the time, “reduce the ability of the Soviet Embassy to conduct espionage.” Like today's order to close the consulate, that move occurred in the context of a volley of punishments and counterpunishments spinning out from one event: the arrest of an alleged Soviet spy working at the United Nations. Within a few rounds, the Soviets had pulled all of their staff from the U.S. Embassy in Moscow. As Daniel Fried, who worked on the State Department's Soviet desk at the time, wrote in The Atlantic recently, “Few recalls the details of these Reagan-era fights. But many remember that the 1980s ended badly for the Soviet Union.”
In an interview, Fried, the former assistant secretary of state for Europe, who is now at the Atlantic Council, said the Cold War-era expulsion cycle yielded some insights for today. “At some point, it ends—and [the current tit-for-tat] could end after this. But it may not, and you have to be prepared to take another hit. The lesson we learned in the '80s was … don't be afraid of getting into one of these cycles. … The other lesson is, when you're in a bad cycle with the Russians, don't be too anxious to find a way out of it. … Don't feel obliged to be ‘creative,' which could easily degenerate into racing to the Russians with various proposals, all of which could end up involving concessions on our part. Don't be desperate. … We are the stronger power.”
Russia's Energomash has reportedly signed a contract with Orbital Sciences Corp. to supply 60 new built RD-181 engines for the Antares rocket instead of the modified Soviet units the company used until an ISS-bound rocket exploded on takeoff in October.
Orbital Sciences had no other choice but use Russian designed RD-181 engines since the Antares rocket was built around the twin-engine configuration of AJ-26 – a refurbished Soviet NK-33 engine initially produced for the USSR lunar program.
READ MORE: ISS-bound rocket explodes on takeoff from NASA facility in Virginia (PHOTOS, VIDEO)
Following an engine failure and subsequent explosion during the Antares take-off back in October, the company halted all launches struggling to find a replacement. The reliability of RD-181 and its whole family made the engine the best choice, Orbital's vice president for space launch strategic development, Mark Pieczynski, told Aviation Week.
Russian Space Agency (Roscosmos) officials meanwhile confirmed the deal to Russian Izvestia Daily, saying that 20 rocket engines have so far been inked on paper, for a sum close to $1 billion.
“There is now a firm contract for 20 engines, the realization of which we have already begun, as the first two engines will have to be delivered in June next year. Plus there are two options in the contract, each for 20 pieces,” Izvestia cites the source as saying. The sum of the contract allegedly includes a number of services including, flight training, engine installation and testing.
The source also claimed that research and development of RD-181 was done specifically to the Orbital's needs, with the Angara rocket's RD-191 engine serving as the starting point.
READ MORE: Russia test launches first newly designed ‘Angara' space rocket
“While there is no such thing as a plug-and-play in this business, the RD-181 in its dual-engine configuration is about as close as you could possibly get to replacing the current twin AJ-26 engines in Antares, so it minimizes the redesign of the core,” Pieczynski told Aviation Week. “It allows us to keep the core nearly identical.”
Overall, Orbital Science Corp. agrees that Russia's engineering provides the best success options for American space program.
The RD-181 offered“the best combination of schedule availability, technical performance and cost” as compared to the “other possible options,”Ron Grabe, executive vice president and general manager of Orbital's Launch Systems Group told Aviation Week.“But where it really stood out for us as the clear winner was with regard to its near-term availability.”
The Russian-made RD-180 currently powers another US rocket, the Atlas V, but tension between Russia and the United States over the unrest in Ukraine has led to a Congressional ban on the future purchases of Russian-made rocket engines, used to launch US national security satellites.
According to the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act, the US Secretary of Defense may issue a waiver if a “contract could not be obtained at a fair and reasonable price without the use of rocket engines, designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation,” even though under the new regulations, the secretary may not award or renew contracts for Russian-designed space launch rocket engines.
The document also says that a waiver for the purchase of Russian-made rocket engines can also be issued if it is “necessary for the national security interests of the United States.”
However Grabe said that legislation will not affect the deal to buy RD-181s from Energomash.
“We've coordinated with all relevant congressional committee staffs to keep them informed of our decision,” Grabe said. “Certainly the NDAA places future restrictions on the use of the Russian engines for national security space applications. Our application is in civil space.”
China has lost more than an entire Netherlands-worth of wetlands in the last decade—340,000 sq. km, or 9% of China's total land—to agriculture, development, and climate change, according to new figures from its State Forestry Administration. It's the latest in a long line of ominous warnings about the water supply in China, which has one-fifth of the world's population but only 6% of its freshwater.
“This will add to the pressure and increase competition for water going forward,” Debra Tan, director of Hong Kong-based non-profit China Water Risk, told Reuters. “China will be looking to grow more food, and more food in wetlands, as urbanization continues.”
China Water Risk A worrying trend line.
The problems go far beyond China's people not having enough to drink. The country's electricity comes almost exclusively from water-intensive power sources—mostly coal, but also nuclear and hydro power—so that a water shortage could easily lead to a power shortage. Mining coal and turning it into electricity already consumes 17% of China's water supply. And a plan to expand coal production in provinces such as Inner Mongolia—designed to ease air pollution in the country's heavily populated eastern seaboard—is expected to increase demand for water there by more than double.
China Water Risk has the breakdown:
If you drill down into the specific regions that are going to get very thirsty, it gets even worse. China Water Risk has identified China's “Dry 11” provinces—a cluster surrounding Beijing and Shanghai, along with two interior provinces to the west. In total, the Dry 11 are home to more than 510 million people, and they contribute nearly half of China's GDP:
Policymakers in Beijing are certainly aware of the challenges: They are moving to protect wetlands, increase water fees (paywall) and embark on gigantic engineering schemes to route water from the fertile south to the arid north. But as long as China requires enormous amounts of water to keep the lights on, it may be facing a very dry future—and possibly a dark one as well.
WHAT: Spacing to open brick-and-mortar retail store
WHERE: 401 Richmond, (ground floor, northeast corner)
WHEN: Fall 2014
FACEBOOK: “Like” our store's fan page on Facebook
TWITTER: Follow the Spacing Store on Twitter
Spacing is pleased to officially announce that the magazine will be opening a brick-and-mortar retail outlet in downtown Toronto in the fall of 2014 — Toronto's first city store — offering all kinds of items celebrating Toronto and Canadian cities.
Spacing‘s new home will be at 401 Richmond, the massive arts and culture cluster near Queen Street West and Spadina that is home to over 140 amazing organizations, galleries, and arts/media-focused businesses.
We believe our new home will let us offer our readers something hardly any other Canadian magazine can: a real retail experience. Our new space will be a storefront, created just for us, with direct access right off of Richmond Street West, between Spadina and Peter. And housed within our store will be the office of our magazine staff.
Since our inception, we've touted the benefits of experiencing public life and breaking down private-space barriers in the public realm. We've been feeling guilty for some time about how a magazine that promotes the merits of public space remains holed up behind two security doors. We're excited by the idea that our readers will be able to walk right in and have a word (good or bad) with our staff. And we love the idea that people will be able to buy the unique merchandise we currently offer at our e-store, and so much more.
Not only will this new space be unique in Canada's magazine world (only one other Canadian-owned magazine, Down Home in St. John's, Nfld., has a brick-and-mortar retail space), but it will also fill a niche that is lacking in Toronto: a true city store. There are a handful of outlets that sell really cheap and boring t-shirts with “Toronto” or “Canada” or a beaver printed on them, but no retail store collects all of the amazing things produced by local artists and craftspeople that celebrate neighbourhoods and urbanity. The products we'll offer will focus on Toronto, Canadian cities, and urbanism. We'll offer apparel, stationery, prints, vintage transit stuff, books, and an assortment of urban ephemera that use the city as its muse. Oh, and buttons. Thousands and thousands of buttons.
While the move is rooted in our philosophy about public space, it's also a business decision. The way magazines have operated for decades is no longer a model that works in the digital age. By opening up a retail store we are diversifying our potential revenue as well as creating greater awareness of our brand (we'll stop the biz jargon now).
We are excited by this new opportunity and cannot wait to show you our new home. You can keep up with us by following our store's Facebook page and/or Twitter account.
Do you make Toronto or city-themed products?
Over the last year, Spacing has been working with a number of local designers to bring new items to our e-store: toques, coasters, prints, cycling gear, and more. Part of our mandate with our new retail space will be to help showcase the great products that compliment Spacing‘s own line of merchandise. If you have Toronto or city-themed products and would like us to consider carrying your item, contact us at spacingstore@spacing.ca.
Wellington House is the more common name for Britain's War Propaganda Bureau, which operated during World War I from Wellington House, a building located in Buckingham Gate, London, which was the headquarters of the National Insurance Commission before the War. The Bureau, which operated under the supervision of the Foreign Office, was mainly directed at foreign targets, including Allied nations and neutral countries, especially (until 1917) the United States.[1] The building itself has since been demolished, and its former site is now occupied by a block of flats.
History [ edit ]
In August 1914, after discovering that Germany had a Propaganda Agency, David Lloyd George, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, was given the task of setting up a British War Propaganda Bureau. Lloyd George appointed the writer and fellow Liberal MP, Charles Masterman to head the organization, whose headquarters were set up at Wellington House, the London headquarters of the National Insurance Commission, of which Masterman was the chairman.
Charles Masterman
The Bureau began its propaganda campaign on 2 September 1914 when Masterman invited 25 leading British authors to Wellington House to discuss ways of best promoting Britain's interests during the war. Those who attended included William Archer, Hall Caine, Arthur Conan Doyle, Arnold Bennett, John Masefield, G. K. Chesterton, Henry Newbolt, John Galsworthy, Thomas Hardy, Gilbert Parker, G. M. Trevelyan and H. G. Wells. Rudyard Kipling had been invited to the meeting but was unable to attend.
All the writers who attended agreed to maintain the utmost secrecy, and it was not until 1935 that the activities of the War Propaganda Bureau became public knowledge. Several of the writers agreed to write pamphlets and books that would promote the government's point of view; these were printed and published by such well-known publishers as Hodder & Stoughton, Methuen, Oxford University Press, John Murray, Macmillan and Thomas Nelson. The War Propaganda Bureau went on to publish over 1,160 pamphlets during the war.
One of the first significant publications to be produced by the Bureau was the Report on Alleged German Outrages, in early 1915. This pamphlet documented atrocities both actual and alleged committed by the German army against Belgian civilians. A Dutch illustrator, Louis Raemaekers, provided highly emotional drawings which appeared in the pamphlet.
One of Masterman's early projects was a history of the war to be published as a monthly magazine, for which he recruited John Buchan to head its production. Published by Buchan's own publishers, Thomas Nelson, the first installment of the Nelson's History of the War appeared in February 1915. A further 23 editions appeared regularly during the war. Buchan was given the rank of Second Lieutenant in the Intelligence Corps and provided with the necessary documents to write the work. General Headquarters Staff saw this as very good for propaganda as Buchan's close relationship with Britain's military leaders made it very difficult for him to include any criticism about the way the war was being conducted.
After January 1916 the Bureau's activities were subsumed under the office of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. In May 1916 Masterman recruited artist Muirhead Bone. He was sent to France and by October had produced 150 drawings. After Bone returned to England he was replaced by his brother-in-law, Francis Dodd, who had been working for the Manchester Guardian. In 1917 arrangements were made to send other artists to France including Eric Kennington, William Orpen, Paul Nash, Christopher R. W. Nevinson and William Rothenstein. John Lavery was recruited to paint pictures of the home front. Nash later complained about the strict control maintained by the Bureau over the official subject matter, saying "I am no longer an artist. I am an artist who will bring back word from the men who are fighting to those who want the war to go on forever. Feeble, inarticulate will be my message, but it will have a bitter truth and may it burn their lousy souls."
In February 1917 the government established a Department of Information. John Buchan was promoted to Lieutenant-Colonel and put in charge of it at an annual salary of £1,000. Masterman retained responsibility for books, pamphlets, photographs and war art, while T.L. Gilmour was responsible for telegraph communications, radio, newspapers, magazines and the cinema.
In early 1918 it was decided that a senior government figure should take over responsibility for propaganda and on 4 March Lord Beaverbrook, owner of the Daily Express newspaper, was made Minister of Information. Masterman was placed beneath him as Director of Publications, and John Buchan as Director of Intelligence. Lord Northcliffe, owner of The Times and the Daily Mail, was put in charge of propaganda aimed at enemy nations, while Robert Donald, editor of the Daily Chronicle, was made director of propaganda aimed at neutral nations. Following the announcement, in February 1918, Lloyd George was accused of creating this new system to gain control over Fleet Street's leading figures.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- The Patriots finished their seventh day of on-field work during training camp on Friday, which was also the fifth straight practice that they have donned full pads.
Below are observations from the two-hour and 15-minute session, with follow-up notes from one-on-one pass rush drills to come from Mike Reiss.
1. As head coach Bill Belichick mentioned in pre-practice remarks, Friday was a day to focus on more team concepts rather than individual aspects, including tempo and situational work. With that in mind, the practice was fast-paced and many of the team drills were at a move-the-field tempo in which Belichick determined the down-and-distance for each play on the fly. That aids in simulating game action for the players. Another wrinkle for practice was the presence of music throughout almost the full session. With a road game seven days away, the Patriots are gearing up for crowd noise.
2. Devin McCourty spent another day working at cornerback from time-to-time, which could be tied into the team's relative lack of depth at the position right now. Ras-I Dowling missed practice, while Alfonzo Dennard was limited. Though McCourty will almost assuredly work as a safety this season, he can help even out the workload among cornerbacks by taking snaps there during drills.
3. For those who have been unable to make it out for a practice, there are a handful of players who are routinely among the first on the field: the specialists (punters, kicker, long snapper), which is to be expected as each practice opens with a special-teams walk-through period, as well as quarterback Tim Tebow, safety Kanorris Davis, running back Leon Washington and defensive end/outside linebacker Marcus Benard.
4. The Patriots worked on some special situations on Thursday, and continued to do so on Friday. One of the notable early situations was an end-of-game field goal, practicing taking one last offensive snap before hurrying the field-goal unit on in time for a last-second kick.
5. Among the special guests in attendance today were Boston College men's hockey coach Jerry York and athletic director Brad Bates. Belichick and York have long shared an admiration for each other.
6. We saw the debut (at least that we can recall) of the half-line drill today, which is essentially a way to maximize efficiency for running game repetitions. The offensive line is cut in half, with a corresponding half defensive line and a linebacker challenging the offense. Having two separate groups allows for more rapid-fire action.
7. Danny Amendola's suddenness continues to stand out, allowing him to wiggle free from press coverage at the line of scrimmage. He has a compact but strong frame, which keeps bigger defenders from easily out-muscling him.
8. We saw more three-on-three passing drills today. That goes in line with the attention to more team situations rather than individual work. We also saw two-on-two work between both the receivers and defensive backs and offensive and defensive lines.
9. Julian Edelman has been strong in his return from a foot injury, putting in another productive day on Friday, but he was careless in fielding a bouncing punt that he had called for his teammates to get away from. In a situation like that, it's better to let the opposing team receive a good bounce rather than try to handle a tough punt, something Edelman is well aware of.
10. Nice work on a plus-50 punt (a punt where the line of scrimmage is in an opponent's territory) by Zoltan Mesko. Mesko arced a directional kick toward the front left pylon, which was beautifully downed by rookie cornerback Logan Ryan, who has seen work as a gunner, at about the 1-yard line. Ryan has stood out on special teams in recent days.
11. Play of the day goes to rookie receiver Aaron Dobson, who made an impressive adjustment on a ball thrown by Ryan Mallett, who took a pitch back from LeGarrette Blount on a flea-flicker. Dobson showed good field awareness to track the ball, identify where the defenders were and put himself in a position to make the catch.
12. Another day, another forced fumble for linebacker Jamie Collins. This time he got fullback Ben Bartholomew. This has been an area of strength for Collins in the early goings of camp.
13. Rookie receiver Kenbrell Thompkins has been a player we've watched closely in recent days, and he worked as a punt returner again on Friday. Another way to build value.
14. Speaking of building value, starting defensive end Rob Ninkovich worked as the reserve long snapper on the punt team today. He did the same last camp, and the Patriots are down to just one long snapper after releasing Mike Zupancic earlier today.
15. Defensive play of the day goes to cornerback Aqib Talib, who deftly undercut a route by Josh Boyce and snared a Tom Brady throw that he returned for a score. It looked like Talib may have tried to spike the ball and actually hit his thigh, briefly causing him to walk gingerly. All was good soon, as Talib was back a play later and impressively broke on a hitch route.
16. During the goal-line period of practice (toward the very end), defensive coordinator Matt Patricia was wearing a headset. Another way to counter the "crowd noise" from the music blaring over the speakers. The defense appeared to keep the offense out of the end zone on both running plays in the drill.
DC's growing more accustomed to bending the rules by the day, resulting in films that are clearly aimed at an older audience. Typically Warner Brothers reserves profanity, crude language and adult sexual themes for live-action fare, and not necessarily superhero themed live action fair. But in 2017 the market is still shifting and DC and Warner are looking for ways to keep up, and keep it edgy. The latest film to experience this growing trend? Batman and Harley Quinn.
This flick is absolutely loaded with controversial themes. Sexuality is at the front of the line, though the pic does push other boundaries. It's interesting to see an animated Batman flick with so many taboos so freely explored. I love the brooding Batman, but the embarrassed Batman is just as awesome.
Sarge Steel and His Flattery of the Ladies
“Whew, that Lady Shiva. Couldn't say no to a slice of that pie, know what I mean?”
Sarge Steel isn't the most tactful man out there, as is evidenced by the crude and potentially offensive language from Sarge Steel. He seems to have as much respect for women as Robert Shaw had for Richard Dreyfuss. There's a humorous element of this scene, but it doesn't come from Sarge, it comes from the dead silent Batman. Talk about axing a crowd.
Let's Just Go Full on Sexual Assault and Harassment
Nightwing spots Harley Quinn working in a small diner, where she's waiting on a group of hooligans. One of those hooligans decides it's a good idea to get frisky and grab Harley's rear end. Harley handles herself well, as would be expected, but that doesn't change the fact that a Batman cartoon just happily showcased some assault/sexual harassment.
What the Hell Are We Suggesting Here?
“We've got a very special role for you in Bad Girls After dark. A tasteful pictorial to be shot in Thailand for illegal reasons.”
With a quote like that you've got a couple extremely perverse ideas that immediately rise to the surface. None of them are in the least bit appropriate, but we're sure you're thinking the same things we're thinking. Either way, we're steering clear of that one.
Harley Loves to Flaunt it
About 20 minutes into the film and we get to a pretty ballsy scene that's drenched in near-porn. Harley has Nightwing tied to her bed. She then proceeds to strip down to her underwear while she rummages through her closet, looking for something to wear…
And Ensure Nightwing isn't Some Softy
… Before turning around to find Nightwing gazing at the scantily clad, nutty hottie. And what do you know, the man isn't exactly soft anymore. The bulging eyes in Harley's sockets give it away. So does this compromised position and look of utter embarrassment.
A Girl Can Take Care of Herself
Nightwing and Harley are doing a little bit of uncomfortable bantering shortly after sleeping together. Nightwing is basically trying to play it cool, but Harley's clowning around when she delivers this rather age sensitive comment: “Look, maybe I'll call you sometime.
And Then Two Twin Brothers Took to the Stage to Serenade Each Other… and This Happened
And we really don't know what to say about that…
Hold onto your roast beef —vegetarians get their due on Feb. 29 when Arby's introduces a one-day-only vegetarian menu to each of its 3,400 outlets nationwide.
This comes from the restaurant behind the term "Meatcraft."
Crispy onions, cheese and nary a slice of beef in sight. Image: arby's
The menu, which is in honor of leap year, is comprised of items on the fast-food chain's standard menu, sans meat. The prices for the sandwiches will not change. And don't worry: Meat-filled sandwiches remain on the bill of fare.
"We're proud of our meats and haven't been shy about promoting them, so we wanted to show vegetarians that with a little creativity, Arby's can fit into their diet as well," Arby's told Mashable.
Diners will be able to choose from options like the Reuben Sandwich, the Smokehouse Brisket Sandwich and the Beef 'n' Cheddar classic sandwich that are all lacking their eponymous ingredient. Vegetables, condiments and cheese reign supreme as the featured sandwich-stuffers.
The (vegetarian) Loaded Italian Sandwich Image: Arby's
In a press release, Chief Marketing Officer and Brand President Rob Lynch said, “If it goes well, we'll likely bring back the vegetarian menu on Feb. 29 each year.”
We know you're thinking: Wait, I can get those sandwiches sans meat any time of year just by ordering them that way.
You can also drink eggnog any time of year. You can whip up a batch of matzo brei in the middle of the winter. You certainly don't have to wait for Oct. 31 to gorge yourself on your kids' candy stash while they sleep — you are an adult now, you can buy your own candy, remember?
But you probably don't do those things. You savor those foods on their specific holidays because the hubbub and excitement surrounding the day and food is part of the joy.
That's exactly why ordering a vegetarian sandwich from a roast beef emporium on a day that only comes around once every four years makes so much sense.
That and the fact that you can finally take your carnivorous spouse on a lunch date that won't involve crying about how tofu is the devil.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Story highlights Hillary Mann Leverett: Middle East less stable than at any point in modern history
United States needs constructive ties with all major regional states, including Iran, she says
Hillary Mann Leverett, co-author of "Going to Tehran: Why America Must Accept the Islamic Republic of Iran," served at the National Security Council under Presidents Clinton and Bush. She is CEO of Strategic Energy and Global Analysis (STRATEGA), a political risk consultancy. The views expressed are her own.
(CNN) In September 2002, then-former Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told a U.S. congressional committee "there is absolutely no question whatsoever" that Saddam Hussein's Iraq was developing nuclear weapons at "portable manufacturing sites of mass death." Once Hussein had nuclear weapons, Netanyahu warned, "the terror network will have nuclear weapons," placing "the security of the entire world at risk."
In Netanyahu's view, America should only improve relations with an Iran that stops its regional "aggression," its support for "terrorism," and its "threat[s] to annihilate ... Israel." In other words, America should not improve relations with an Iran whose regional influence is rising.
In reality, Iran's rise is not only normal, it is actually essential to a more stable region. As nuclear talks with Tehran enter a decisive phase, rapprochement with a genuinely independent Iran -- not a nominally independent Iran whose strategic orientation is subordinated to U.S. preferences -- is vital to halting the decline of America's strategic position.
Washington has long worked to consolidate a highly militarized, pro-American Middle Eastern order. Yet these efforts -- pursued across Democratic and Republican administrations and intensified after 9/11 -- have clearly failed. As a result, the Middle East today is less stable, more riven with sectarian and ethnic conflict, and more violent than at any point in its modern history. And America, in a textbook illustration of "imperial overstretch," has made itself weaker, both regionally and globally.
Read More
40 th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Bi omechanics, Raleigh, NC, USA, August 2 nd – 5 th , 2016
maximus contributes relatively less in greater
degrees in hip flexion at both loads (Figure 1).
The hamstrings and adductor magnus appear to play
a complementary role in hip extension; if the
adductor magnus cannot produce a larger hip
extension moment with increased load, the
hamstrings increase their relative contribution in
order to compensate (Figure 1).
Figure 1. Relati ve muscle contributions to hip extension
during the squat with respect to depth and barbell load.
H amstring s represent the sum of the biceps femoris,
semitendinosus, and semimembranosus .
The increasing role of the hamstrings at the hip with
greater barbell loading has implications for the
quadriceps, in that a greater hip extension moment
produced by the hamstrings necessarily means a
greater knee flexion moment. This increased knee
flexion moment must be countered by the
quadriceps in order to produce a sufficient net knee
extension moment [3] (Figure 2).
Although seemingly paradoxical, the rectus femoris
does not appear to contribute to the knee extension
moment in the squat (Figure 2). This is likely due to
its biarticular nature, in that the hip extensors may
not be able to produce a large enough moment to
overcome both the external and internal hip flexion
joint moments. Although the rectus femoris seems
to be highly active during the back squat in
electromyography studies [10], this may be a red
herring, as the rectus femoris is highly susceptible
to crosstalk from the vastii [11]. This is supported
by Fonseca et al [12] who found that the vastii, but
not the rectus femoris, hypertrophied following a
back squat-only program [12].
Figure 2. Relative muscle contributions to knee
extension during the squat with respect to depth and
barbell load. Vastii represent the sum of the v. lateralis,
v. medialis, and v. intermedi s.
CONCLUSION
This work builds upon previous work by Bryanton,
et al. [3], by modeling the exact relative moment
contribution of each major muscle involved rather
than simply identifying a hip extension strategy. In
turn, it appears that the respective role of each
muscle during the back squat will vary as a function
of squat depth and barbell load.
REFERENCES
!
1. Escamilla, et al., Med. Sci. Sports Exerc. 33 ( 6 ),
984 - 98, 2001.
2. Bryanton, e t al., J. Strength Cond. Res. 26 ( 10 ),
2820 - 8, 2012.
3. Bryanton, et al., Sports Biomech . 14 ( 1 ), 122 - 38,
2015.
4. Handsfield, et al., J. Biomech. 47 ( 3 ), 631 - 8, 2014.
5. Hawkins, et al., J. Biomech. 23 ( 5 ), 487 - 494, 1989.
6. Herzog, et al., J. Anat. 182 ( Pt 2) 213 - 30, 1993.
7. Nemeth, Scand. J. Rehabil. Med. Suppl. 10 1- 35,
1984.
8. Delp, et al., IEEE Trans. Biomed. Eng. 37 ( 8 ), 757 -
67, 1990.
9. Pedotti, et al., Ma th. Bios ci. 38 ( 1–2 ), 57 - 76, 1978.
10. Gorsuch, et al., J. Strength Cond. Res. 27 ( 9 ),
2619 - 2625, 2013.
11. Byrne, et al., J. Electromyogr. Kinesiol. 15 ( 6 ),
564 - 75, 2005.
12. Fonseca, et al., J. Strength Cond. Res. 28 ( 11 ),
3085 - 92, 2014.
!
Last year Curt Schilling claimed that he wasn't getting the same support for the Hall of Fame as John Smoltz because he was a Republican and Smoltz was a Democrat. That was kind of crazy, not least of why because Smoltz is not a Democrat. Either way, it seemed like Schilling was acting paranoid or deluded or playing the victim or some combination of the three.
Whatever was the case last year, however, this year it seems like Schilling is, in fact, losing votes because of his political views and/or public statements. At least that's the argument Will Leitch, with an assist from the Hall of Fame vote tracking expertise of Ryan Thibodaux, is making. Or, if he's not actually losing votes, he's not gaining them at the same rate as everyone else. It's an interesting analysis.
A couple of takeaways:
If Schilling is indeed losing votes, it doesn't validate what he said last year about being a Republican. There had not been that much focus on Schilling's social media habits before this past year, making those comments — and not his status as a Republican — the factor which has caused the damage. Also: being a Republican and holding the views Schilling appears to hold based on his social media posts are not the same thing. Also: there are LOTS of Republican baseball players. A distinct majority, I'd guess. If Schilling's politics have cost him votes, it's specific things he's endorsed and statements he's made, not his status as a member of the Republican party that has cost him.
A more important takeaway: Schilling should not be losing votes for ANYTHING he says. There is no reason whatsoever for Hall of Fame voters to judge Schilling's candidacy on his statements or his actions which took place after he stopped throwing baseballs for a living. The character clause is dumb when it comes to PEDs. If the anti-Schilling voters are using it as a justification for not throwing support his way, it's even dumber.
Of course, it's possible that they're not even going through the mental motions of applying the character clause to Schilling but, rather, are just not voting for him because they don't like him or what he says. That would probably be the dumbest thing of all, even if it's not unprecedented. Schilling may be the best player to have this happen to him, though. No matter what his vote totals have been the past few years and no matter what is happening to them now, he is clearly deserving of a Hall of Fame plaque.
Happy Hall of Fame week, everyone!
Carlton Cuse might be the busiest man in TV; the former Lost boss has three shows currently under his watchful eye: Bates Motel, The Strain, and Colony.
Along with ex-Fringe writer/producer Graham Roland, Cuse is also developing a show slated for 2017 based the Jack Ryan novel series by Tom Clancy. Despite his jammed workload, Cuse dropped by EW's Con-X to chat with EW critic Jeff Jensen about his many projects. Here's what we learned:
Vera Farmiga hasn't checked out of Bates Motel
Though season 4 ended with the death of matriarch Norma (Farmiga), that doesn't mean the overbearing mom is out of Norman's (Freddie Highmore) life: Cuse confirmed the actress is still a regular.
“There's all these rumors she's going to go on American Horror Story — no,” Cuse said. “She still exists in Norman's imagination. He will become an increasingly unreliable narrator and through his point of view, we're going to see a lot of her. She's very much a character.”
MORE ON COMIC-CON: Everything to know about EW's Con-X event | See the movie panels schedule | See the TV panels schedule | Your burning questions about Comic-Con, answered | Subscribe to EW and get an exclusive Marvel duffel bag in this limited-time offer
The Strain‘s season 3 premiere will welcome new fans
Jensen described the upcoming first episode, airing Aug. 28 on FX, as full of action set pieces, complemented by being an entry point for green viewers. Cuse added that this was indicative of the new TV atmosphere.
“We live in this weird world now because you can watch all the episodes of shows, people feel compelled that they must watch all the episodes of a show,” Cuse said. “I think we are habituated now to feel like we have to dutifully watch everything like homework, but I'd be happy if people jumped in at the beginning of season 3 of The Strain. I think you would be able to get everything that was going on and enjoy it.”
Colony could change after the election
Colony, Cuse's series on the USA about an alien occupation, is loosely inspired by World War II. But it could gain further resonance depending on how November's election plays out.
“After Donald Trump bans television, it will be interesting to see what people will do,” he joked, before playing off the fact that Colony has a walled-off city. “It will have a lot of resonance [if Trump wins]. The good thing is I shoot two shows in Canada, so I'll spend a lot of time there.”
Con-X is a four-day getaway in Embarcadero Marina Park North in downtown San Diego. Made for all fans, Con-X allows anyone to get a taste of Comic-Con for free with panels, Q&A, trivia, music, screenings and more. Con-X runs Thursday through Sunday, from 10 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. PT.
Entertainment Weekly is on the scene at San Diego Comic-Con. Go inside with all our coverage, available here.
Ever since the success of foreign players such as Yao Ming and Dirk Nowitzki, teams have been more willing to gamble on drafting foreign players. Drafting foreign players is always a risk, as knowledge and scouting of the player is limited, and you never know how that player's game will translate over to the NBA.
For every Nowitzki, you have a handful of
Enter Donatas Motiejunas.
The 7-foot Lithunian center was a draft day acquisition after the Rockets acquired his draft rights in a trade with the Minnesota Timberwolves. Motiejunas showed tons of potential with his offensive talent, combining deft post moves with a deadly 3-point stroke. The official NBA Draft website even compared him favorably to Nowitzki and Andrea Bargnani.
So far, he has resembled Bargnani more than Dirk.
Motiejunas has struggled to find regular minutes in Houston and has disappointed whenever he is given the opportunity to play. His game has not translated well to the NBA, and his startling disinterest on defense has pushed him back further in the roster lineups.
Motiejunas averaged 15.4 minutes per game for 62 games last season, but many of those minutes were a result of a lack of depth in the power forward position. His shooting touch has seemingly deserted him, as he only shot 25 percent from behind the arc and 44.3 percent overall. His points average decreased, even though he was averaging more minutes and games.
The offensive skill that once made him a highly regarded NBA prospect is no more, and without that, there is not much else Motiejunas that can contribute. Watching him play defense is like pulling teeth, as he slowly lumbers back on transition defense or when recovering from a pick-and-roll.
He has no interest whatsoever in playing defense, and a center who doesn't play defense rarely gets minutes in the NBA (unless you're an offensive powerhouse). For a 7-footer, he gets outrebounded far too easily, due to his lack of hustle and drive when it comes to cleaning up the glass.
His lowest point last season came when he requested for a trade near the trade deadline if he wouldn't receive more playing time. He complained repeatedly about the lack of playing time, even questioning his future after their first round playoff exit at the hands of the Portland Trail Blazers. He claimed he gave the team his all, “giving up 150 percent” – whether that is the case is debatable.
Up until now, D-Mo is still a Rocket. The Rockets' failure at acquiring another power forward leaves the door ajar for Motiejunas to live up to his potential. He was a central point of the offense during the Rockets' Vegas Summer League run, and while the style of the offense won't translate over to their NBA team, it showed that the front office was still willing to give the big man a chance.
Motiejunas is surely on his last chance with the team. The team has a $2.3 million team option after his contract expires at the end of 2014-15 season, and right now it seems unlikely that they will exercise it. D-Mo needs to show an improved effort on defense, much like James Harden. If he regains his scoring touch and develops some hustle on the defensive end, he might just beat out Terrence Jones for the starting spot. And there might be a future for him in the NBA just yet.
In the eternal words of Marshall Bruce Mathers III,
Tim Murray by
"We ultra rich New Canadians don't need public housing, that's for Whiteys who can't compete in the housing market!"
N
We are seeing a huge pressure. So there are a whole number of things. One of them is the supply of housing and the demand for housing is completely out of balance and only cities can address that. So cities need to increase the supply of housing in general because when there is more supply price goes down.
Politicians claim "there is a huge range of solutions we are thinking about" but in fact they ignore the obvious solution:
Reduce demand, turn off the immigration tap!
ews item: BC Provincial government announces that it will fund the construction of 2,000 social housing units.What a joke. Over the last decade Metro Vancouver has been growing by roughly 40,000 people every year. Between 2006 and 2011 for example, it gained 200,000 more residents — a 9.3% increase. The Vancouver Real Estate Board expects that another 1.2 million will arrive by 2041, so, according to their calculations, an additional 574,000 housing units will have to built between now and then to accommodate them. Notice their underlying assumption, the one that forms the basis of conventional thinking among developers, planners and politicians. To meet increasing demand, we must increase supply — or housing will become even more unaffordable than it is right now.BC Premier Christy Clark gave voice to this logic today when she announced that the provincial government willl spend $355 million over the next 5 years to build 2,000 social housing units, which in concert with other social housing projects will translate into 1,100 such units per year. The YWCA, for example, will finance the constructon of 50 units for a handsome sum of $10 million. And now there is talk of using the Jericho lands — owned by First Nations — for similar objectives. Clark said,But lets get real. This latest proposal for social housing construction is a drop in the bucket. Even if poverty activists got their wish and 3,000 social housing units were provided every year, it would not offset the housing demands of 30,000 immigrants who arrive at YVR from overseas or a Canadian departure point every year.One more bit of bad news. While immigration continues to inflate the real estate market, it also inflates rent. There are approximately 90,000 renters in Vancouver whose current rent is eating up more than 30% of their income. If massive immigration to the city persists — every realtor's dream — then we can expect that these renters will be among the many tens of thousands of urban refugees driven out of Vancouver (or onto the streets) by skyrocketing real estate prices. More and more renters will be unable to pay the rent, and more and more homeowners will be able to pay the property taxes.Clark stated that "There is a huge range of solutions we can think about and we are thinking about all of them." All of them, that is, but the obvious solution. Reduce demand. How do you do that? By turning off the immigration tap. Duh.Say that again. You want the federal government to relieve the upward pressure on Vancouver real estate prices by drastically cutting down immigration? Heresy! How dare anyone attack our sacred cow! This is outrageous, this is un-Canadian, this is racist! Besides, immigration is under federal jurisdiction, don't you know?Indeed it is, like many other things. But that doesn't stop Canadian cities like Vancouver and Canadian provinces like B.C. from lobbying the feds for help in a range of areas that are under "federal jurisdiction". If Vancouver can ask for more federal money for infrastructure, or for education to meet the special needs of ESL students, or for social housing for those who can't pay market prices, it can surely ask the federal government to give it a breather by slashing our ridiculously high immigration intakes. And there is no stopping Christy Clark from doing the same.But it won't happen. In fact, ingesting 30,000 "New Canadians" a year is apparently not enough for Mayor Moonbeam and his council. They want Vancouver to become even more of a "Welcoming" city than it currently is. And a "sanctuary city" too. Where will immigrants and refugees find sanctuary? In social housing units of course. I mean, isn't that what social housing units are for? Providing shelter for people fresh from the airport while locals must leave the city to find it?Related posts:
– By now, the rest of the NAIA should be used to the fact that the Southern Oregon University football team is an underdog only in title when it comes to the postseason.There was nothing particularly surprising or remarkable Saturday about seventh-ranked SOU's 24-19 upset of No. 2 Baker on a brisk, 32-degree afternoon at Liston Field – the Raiders were just better, marching into the national semifinals for the second year in a row and the second time in school history.The Raiders (10-2 overall) never trailed the Wildcats (11-2), who were previously undefeated at home and coming off a 68-point performance in last week's first round against Point (Ga.). The outcome was temporarily in question with 1:30 remaining, when the Raiders went for it on fourth-and-7 from Baker's 29-yard line.'s pass slipped out of his hands and landed incomplete, seemingly giving the Wildcats the ball back with a chance to take the lead, but a pass interference call gave the Raiders a first down and a chance to line up in victory formation.Trosin was named the offensive player of the game, completing 19 of 30 passes for 261 yards and rushing for 46 more in a cool performance that led SOU to 451 yards against the third-best pass defense in the nation. The Raider defense, led by's 13 tackles and's 10, did its job in forcing Baker to punt on four of its last six drives and holding Clarence Clark, the NAIA's leading receiver, to four catches for 30 yards.One win away from a return trip to Daytona Beach, Fla., SOU's semifinal destination will be Sioux City, Iowa, where top-ranked Morningside will be waiting after a 51-6 thumping of No. 8 Tabor (Kan.).The Raiders have been the lower seed in fourth of their last five postseason triumphs.Running backand the offensive line paved the way to a 14-10 halftime lead that was mounted despite two interceptions and an unsuccessful fake field-goal attempt that kept Baker in the game. SOU's first drive went 12 plays for 99 yards, capped by Mason's one-yard touchdown plow. The lead held up into the second quarter thanks to Gage's interception and' blocked field goal, until Abram Garcia's 36-yard field goal made it 7-3 early in the second.Mason, who rushed 19 times for 89 yards, answered on SOU's ensuing drive with a 19-yard TD run – his 10th postseason score in the last two years – with 6:50 to play in the half. Baker quarterback Logan Brettell, making just his second start of the season, kept the Wildcats in it with a 15-yard TD pass to Quanzee Johnson, and Tucker Pauley's pick of Trosin in the end zone seconds before halftime held the lead at four.Other than being the beneficiary of the game-clinching penalty, Trosin also made the back-breaking play of the day on the opening drive of the third quarter. Facing third-and-13, he avoided a sack by wrestling away from two Baker linemen, then juking one more defender before finding an openfor a 25-yard pass that turned into a 60-yard touchdown.Retzlaff caught five passes for 100 yards, surpassing his brother, Ryan, for fifth place on the SOU career TD reception list with 25.compiled 74 reception yards on six catches, three of which converted third- or fourth-down tries, andamassed 55 big yards on just six carries.Baker's response was another Garcia field goal from 37 yards, but SOU kickerbrought the lead back to 24-13 with an 18-yarder of his own on the second play of the fourth quarter.SOU's defense dictated the held the Wildcats to just one first down on their next two drives. They didn't break through until Brettell took them 80 yards on 11 plays and rushed in a six-yard TD with 2:55 to play. A failed two-point conversion try kept SOU up five.With all three timeouts left to play with, Baker attempted an onside kick that went out of bounds. Two first downs and a pass-interference call later, the Raiders had sealed the win.Baker finished with 342 yards of offense, well under its average of 449. The Wildcats had been held under 30 points just twice prior to Saturday.
The U.S. Customs officer eyed Sang's well-traveled South Korean passport. "What is your purpose in the United States?" she asked. Sang said he was "on holiday" and would be going back to Korea in two weeks, yet agents still pulled him aside from the rest of the arrivals at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport last November. Bogged down with suitcases and jet lag, they filed into two lines, one for citizens and residents, one for foreigners — the chasm between "Welcome home" and "How long are you planning to stay?"
Sang's passport had five United States stamps in it from the last three years, and the airport interaction had become routine. Sang would say he was on holiday, the officer would give him three to six months, and that would be that. This time, however, he was led into a room with other travelers singled out for further interrogation, and, as two hours ticked by, Sang contemplated what he'd say.
Would he tell the truth? That his life forever changed when he chatted up Mark D., a vacationing San Francisco bank executive, outside a restaurant in his native Seoul three years back? The encounter kicked off a series of trips between South Korea and San Francisco, chronicled in the photo albums Mark custom-designed online, each printed in a hardback book with its own message on the back cover: "It took 39 years to find you and now that I have, I will do everything and anything I can to make you smile everyday." The photos show Mark (a graying ringer for Supervisor Bevan Dufty when wearing sunglasses) next to a buff Korean who could pass for 15 years Mark's junior instead of three. You see them smile in Union Square. At a spa in Marin. At Caesar's Palace in Vegas.
In June 2008, they donned their best suits and married at San Francisco's City Hall, something unfathomable in Korea, where Sang's family still thought he was living in the United States with a woman.
So would Sang tell the immigration officer that Mark was back in their Richmond District apartment at that very moment, ready to pick him up at the airport for their latest spin around the leaving and re-entering carousel of the last two years?
No, telling the truth would be self-sabotage. So when the stern officer walked into the room and loosed a barrage of questions, Sang did the worst thing he could possibly do.
He lied.
"Are you married or are you single?"
"Single."
"According to our records and your crossings, you have spent 19 1/2 months in the United States out of the last 22 months, and less than three months outside of the United States, is that correct?"
"Yes."
"Why do you spend so much time in the United States?"
"Traveling."
"Where do you stay in the United States?"
"At my friend's place."
"What's your friend's name?"
"Mark D." (Mark's and Sang's names have been changed for this story.)
"Is Mark D. married?"
"No, he's not married."
Sang provided the officer with Mark's cell number, and the woman left the room.
She called Mark and continued the interrogation: Where does Sang stay? What does he do? Are you married? Mark said he was. He didn't think twice about answering truthfully. He thought they'd followed the law to the letter; Sang always left the country before the deadline Customs allotted him.
The officer hung up and returned to Sang. After more questions, she left the room a second time to call Mark.
"Sang says you're not married, so who's lying?" Mark recalls her asking.
Mark realized there was a big problem. Still, he saw it as a situation in which neither of the men was lying. "My marriage is not recognized by the federal government," he replied.
"Excuse me?"
"My marriage is not recognized by the government."
"Are you married to Sang?"
"Yes."
"That's all I needed to know," the officer said, hanging up and returning to the room where Sang was sitting with his nerves fraying.
Sang was trapped.
"Just a few minutes ago, I spoke with Mark and he admitted you were his husband. Is this correct?" the officer asked.
"Yes."
After Sang said he lied because he was scared, the agent revoked his tourist visa for misrepresenting himself to a federal immigration officer and for being an immigrant (which technically means someone intending to stay in the country) not in possession of an immigrant visa. To reapply for a visa in the future, he would have to apply for a waiver for fraud. What she didn't say is the only way to get a waiver is to prove his absence would cause "extreme hardship" for his spouse in this country — and, of course, in the eyes of the U.S. government, Sang does not have a spouse.
"Is there anyone you'd like to call?" she asked.
"Just Mark."
When Mark answered, Sang wept. He spent the night in a holding area and boarded a flight back to South Korea the next day.
U.S. immigration law prioritizes family unity. Marrying a citizen is still the most common way to get residency, and everyone knows there are more than a few scam marriages squeaking through. Yet for gays, it's a very different story. Since federal law only recognizes marriages between men and women, gay partners are left with no way to sponsor each other to stay in the country.
Now that Arizona's "papers please" law has pushed immigration reform to Washington's front burner, Democrats propose allowing "permanent partners" to be treated the same as spouses under immigration law. While 19 countries have similar policies, it won't be an easy sell: The gay lobby fears they'll be sacrificed as a bargaining chip to get Republicans on board, while pro-immigrant groups worry that adding in gays will ruin any chance for reform for everyone else.
While critics say letting permanent partners through the gate invites fraud — how do you validate the relationship without a marriage license? — others say the current system is what encourages people to cheat. So what do you do when the law won't permit you to be with the most meaningful person in your life?
A multinational team of ornithologists has discovered a new bird species in Phnom Penh, the capital and largest city of Cambodia.
The bird, named the Cambodian tailorbird (Orthotomus chaktomuk), is one of only two bird species found solely in Cambodia. The other, the Cambodian laughingthrush, is restricted to the remote Cardamom Mountains.
Orthotomus chaktomuk is the wren-sized gray bird with a rufous cap and black throat. It lives in dense, humid lowland scrub in Phnom Penh and other sites in the floodplain.
“The modern discovery of an undescribed bird species within the limits of a large populous city – not to mention 30 minutes from my home – is extraordinary,” said Dr Simon Mahood, a researcher with the Wildlife Conservation Society Cambodia Program, who is a lead author of a paper describing the Cambodian tailorbird in the journal Forktail (paper in .pdf).
“The discovery indicates that new species of birds may still be found in familiar and unexpected locations.”
The specific name chaktomuk is an old Khmer word meaning four-faces.
“The bird's habitat is declining. The species is classified as Near Threatened under the IUCN's Red List,” the ornithologists explained.
“This discovery is one of several from Indochina in recent years, underscoring the region's global importance for bird conservation,” said co-author Dr Colin Poole from the Wildlife Conservation Society Singapore.
______
Bibliographic information: Mahood SP et al. 2013. A new species of lowland tailorbird (Passeriformes: Cisticolidae: Orthotomus) from the Mekong floodplain of Cambodia. Forktail: The Journal of Asian Ornithology 29: 1-14
How would you react to seeing an exact duplicate of someone you love? Would you be able to tell which was which? Who is the real one and who is the…imposter?
What if you encountered that imposter independently? What if they not only looked like, but behaved and sounded like the original?
This is, apparently, exactly what happened to reddit user zeejoo12, who describes a bizarre encounter with what some have called a real life Doppelgänger. He posted his account of a strange mix up with his current girlfriend, wherein she appears at his apartment and confronts him for cheating on her, apparently. She proceeds to slap him and break several personal items and then storms away in a taxi cab. But to the man's surprise, his real girlfriend appears out of nowhere, claiming to know nothing of the blow-up.
Confused and frightened, the man turned to the reddit community for help in understanding exactly what had happened. His full story can be found here.
Despite the odd nature of that account, and the obvious opportunity for hoax, there are some elements of the story that intrigue. There may be more questions than answers and many of them are explored in the epic trail of comments and speculation that follow the original post, but much of this tale conforms to the traditional notion of a Doppelgänger.
The word Doppelgänger is German for double-goer and was coined by 18th century author Jean Paul (born Johann Paul Friedrich Richter) in his 1796 book Siebenkäs. But the concept of the supernatural double dates back as far as Ancient Egyptian mythology (ka) and Norse mythology (vardøger), and possibly earlier. Traditionally, a Doppelgänger is thought to be the paranormal double of a living person; an exact copy with memories and interpersonal connections intact.
The concept of the Doppelgänger is closely related to the metaphysical concept of bilocation, an idea with religious undertones and ties to many different philosophical systems; from shamanism and paganism, to Buddhism and Christian mysticism. Bilocation, however, is actually the appearance of one individual in two (or more) different places at the same time, rather than two examples of a single person existing at the same time.
The famous story of the English metaphysical poet John Donne recounts his experience with his wife's Doppelgänger on the night of his daughter's birth (stillbirth).
“I have seen a dreadful Vision since I saw you: I have seen my dear wife pass twice by me through this room, with her hair hanging about her shoulders, and a dead child in her arms: this, I have seen since I saw you.”[1]
Minus the dead child, Donne's account seems eerily similar to the story told by zeejoo12.
Other famous accounts of Doppelgänger encounters, like that of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and even Abraham Lincoln – who saw himself in a mirror sporting two faces[2] – serve to solidify the paranormal nature of the phenomenon, and since then countless fictional works have been dedicated to the notion of a dark double.
Today the term doppelganger (as opposed to the traditional Doppelgänger) is commonly used to describe people who simply look alike, and with the prospect of human cloning looming in the not so distant future, it's likely that it will see greater use in contemporary culture.
Depending on which definition you choose, there are varying explanations for the Doppelgänger phenomenon. With our global population approaching more than 7 billion, the notion of more than one person looking eerily similar to another becomes a matter of statistics, rather than supernatural influence. But in those cases, like that above, where the experiencer(s) encountered the same person in two distinctly different locations or situations simultaneously, the prospect of explaining things gets a bit muddied.
Some have proffered ideas about mirror worlds or alternate dimensions briefly converging, creating unique circumstances that culminate in alternate realities clashing and interacting with each other. And without delving into yet another tangent explaining that dimensions are simply directions of travel and not places, suffice it to say, the semantics of the argument are less important than the foundation.
Interestingly, the many-worlds theory of quantum physics, or the many-worlds interpretation may actually support this idea. The many-worlds theory says that through universal wavefunction, all possible histories and futures exist simultaneously. This is different from the multiverse theory, as the latter is the assertion that outside of our physical universe exist many other universes, possibly with differing laws of physics.
Though the many-worlds theory doesn't say much about where those alternate histories and futures may be, physically. They could be overlaid on top of our reality or they could be separated by the infinite recesses of whatever exists beyond existence. In the case of the former, there do seem to be opportunities for such overlap to result in occasional temporary convergence, but any suggestion in that regard is pure speculation.
Other theories connect the Doppelgänger phenomenon with spirits and demons, claiming that the double is an evil incarnation of the original person, an evil twin if you will. The ancient mythological creatures incubus and succubus are sometimes connected to the Doppelgänger phenomenon, suggesting that they might take the form of their victim, or people close to them in their seductive efforts.
Somewhat lesser known are hypotheses involving time-slips, wherein the experiencer is thought to be viewing events that occurred in the past or will occur in the future. Which, surprisingly enough, is something Einstein showed is possible, if not technologically challenging.
You might think that the long and illustrious history of the Doppelgänger should be better understood than it actually is, but in truth, the phenomenon's transient nature coupled with its unpredictability have severely limited opportunities for investigation. All that is available to researchers are after-the-fact accounts, often decades or even centuries old. Nonetheless, it can hardly be said that all the accounts are hoaxes or misidentifications, leaving the field wide open for further inquiry.
Thanks for signing up!
Folks, as we all know, the only way to prevent car crashes is to outlaw tyres and shut down every bootleg Bob Jane T-Mart in the country. If people can't get tyres, then surely they won't get in their cars, right? And therefore no crashes.
If we follow that logic train all the way to the station, we arrive at the obvious conclusion of this yarn:
NSW Police have raided a Newtown tobacconist and confiscated what it claims to be “over $34,000” worth of pipes, bongs, pill-testing kits, coke spoons, electronic scales, and even a coupla bloody Nangs.
Police posted photos boasting of their ~mighty haul~ to Facebook, detailing that the raid happened on Sunday.
“Police seize over $34,000 worth of drug equipment in Newtown yesterday. On Sunday 11 December 2016, officers from Newtown Local Area Command executed a search warrant at a store on King Street, Newtown. During the search, police seized 536 cannabis pipes, 195 ice pipes, seven ecstasy testing kits, 24 electronic scales, 74 cocaine spoons and numerous other pieces of equipment allegedly used to administer prohibited drugs. In total, the equipment seized has a potential sale value of
$34,260. Investigations are continuing and police are urging anyone with information to come forward.”
And lord almighty, the One Time did not have to travel far to execute this high-level operation.
The Newtown Local Area Command set upon a tobacconist that's reportedly on the corner of King and Wilson Streets.
Meaning it's about a 2-minute walk away from the cop shop. As in, this close:
There's a fair chance the entire police department walks or drives directly past there twice a day. And that store isn't exactly new, either.
It goes without saying, but boasting about this mind-shattering haul of things related to drugs but not actual drugs themselves (even though the sale of bongs or pipes in NSW is technically illegal) on Facebook has drawn a less-than-favourable response from punters, all of whom are baffled that police have chosen this incident as their public head-on-a-pike.
The comments are littered with both outrage, disgust, and outright sarcasm.
The war on drugs, pals. It is indeed hell.
Source: NSW Police/Facebook.
Photo: NSW Police/Facebook.
As you can imagine, though, being observed by an autonomous drone can feel a bit disconcerting, if not downright post-apocalyptic, for some people. One of the software's developers, Mani Golparvar-Fard, however, says cameras or people observing construction isn't new to the industry. "Yes, making this autonomous has a different feeling for the workers," he told MIT's Technology Review, "But you have to keep in mind that it's not really questioning the efficiency of the workers, it's questioning what resources these guys need to be more efficient."
The University of Illinois team is also working on getting drones to attach cameras on construction sites, as well as on a crowdsourcing platform that sounds like a micromanaging boss' dream. People can use the platform to categorize workers in video footage to see what they're doing with their time during work hours.
[Image credit: Golden 1 Center]
It was these three basic styles I sought to emulate at home: cheese enchiladas served in a red-hued chili gravy or sauce; chicken enchiladas served with a tomatillo salsa; and enchiladas stuffed and topped with chili con carne. All three are served with cheese — the chicken with queso fresco, the other two with Cheddar, processed American cheese or a combination thereof. Some may quail at the use of American cheese.
“That's the Velveeta debate,” said Robb Walsh, the eminent historian of Tex-Mex cuisine and a proprietor of El Real. He was standing in the restaurant's kitchen, face deeply tanned from fishing the coastal flats near his home in Galveston, and he was smiling a big come-at-me smile. “If you use a straight Cheddar, you only have seconds to act before it sets up and gets congealed,” he said. “We use a processed cheese because it stays melty and perfect.”
So stipulated. Processed cheese can take on flavor from other cheeses, and provide them with melted stability as well. I ended up using a blend of Velveeta and Cheddar on the enchiladas with red sauces. For the chicken, I used queso fresco, firm-textured and slightly salty. “At home, sometimes I use cotija or feta,” Mr. Walsh said.
Image Robb Walsh, a proprietor of El Real Tex-Mex in Houston and the eminent historian of Tex-Mex cuisine. Credit Michael Stravato for The New York Times
Enchiladas are what you make of them. I set out to cook.
For the chicken, I made a simple salsa verde — tomatillos, onion, garlic and Serrano peppers whizzed up in a food processor with a few sprigs of tender cilantro. You can buy fresh tomatillos, then husk and rinse them and use them raw, which gives the sauce great vibrancy, but using canned ones is no crime. I poached some chicken, too, though Mr. Walsh told me he most often uses leftovers at home, or picks up a roasted bird at the supermarket. For home cooks, that is a sensible move.
There is a man who sits every day in the window of his shop in the London district of Shoreditch and whittles. He whittles spoons, and over the course of the day shavings pile around the feet of his stool until they breach the tops of his shoes. It makes me think of Dante, the punishment of the gentrifiers perhaps, and wonder if it is his ultimate fate to be submerged in sawdust and suffocate beneath the weight of his own futility.
Is craft just something beard-wearers do at the weekend – or, trust-fund permitting, every day – in a vain attempt to assuage their alienation by returning to an antiquated way of making? Or is craft an essential albeit neglected mode of activity that could, if resurrected, make the world a better place? The latter is a popular opinion, one shared by mindfulness gurus and attendees of pottery workshops. To a limited extent, it is backed up by empirical evidence: one study suggests that knitters are made happier by their activity, especially if they do it en masse.
The insight is not new. Early critics of industrialisation asserted that hyper-specialised machine labour reduced people themselves to machines, and gazed wistfully at the workshops of the past (although Fourier advocated variety as a remedy for the boredom of work, negating the development of specialist skill that is essential to craft).
‘Even Morris recognised the necessity of the machine in his later years, and he might well have approved of Hannes Meyer's work brigades at the Bauhaus'
Certainly, craft as an activity may have psychological benefits. It may even have political value, but only if a return to craft is conceived as a reorganisation of work so that it resembles in some way the (perhaps imaginary) cooperative state of labour in the guild or workshop, rather than simply as a return to superseded techniques. Even Morris recognised the necessity of the machine in his later years, and he might well have approved of Hannes Meyer's work brigades at the Bauhaus, which were a more politically informed ‘return' to the workshop as a social structure.
What role does craft have in architectural production today? When Ruskin criticised the industrialisation of the profession in the mid-19th century, he constructed a medieval fantasy as the good opposite of divided modern labour. But the fact was – and this is even more the case now – that a profit-oriented mass society renders the ‘crafting' of buildings impossible, if by craft you mean laborious and highly skilled handwork.
Ensor Source: Musea Brugge / DACS James Ensor, Haunted Furniture, 1888
Nevertheless, construction is still a skilled activity, and so too is architecture – one requiring years of training, despite technological advance. So we can, to a certain extent, regard the kind of lamentations over CAD indulged in by Juhani Pallasmaa, Dalibor Vesely and Richard Sennett as a return to the Luddism of pre-socialist Morris. In his book The Craftsman, Sennett attributes the inadequacy of John Portman's Peachtree Center in Atlanta to the fact that it was designed using computers – but none of his specific objections to the project is inherently dependent on the use of CAD.
Pallasmaa makes a more general complaint that ‘the computer creates a distance between the maker and the object, whereas drawing by hand or building a model puts the designer in skin-contact with the object or space' – choosing to ignore the fact that a computer is just as much an object as a piece of paper or lump of modelling clay, and furthermore that clay or paper is no more a building than a vector drawing is. A bad design is a bad design, whatever technology is used to make it.
‘There is a problem with the discourse of craft, with craft being set up as an end in itself'
The superiority of craft is even more dubious when it is thought to inhere in its products. This is not to say that there is anything wrong with buildings being made well. We could certainly do with a bit more of this in Britain. But there is a problem with the discourse of craft, with craft being set up as an end in itself, and especially with the mystification of its products.
‘I shall always remember how, as a child, I played on the wooden floor. The wide boards were warm and friendly and in their texture I discovered a rich and enchanting world of veins and knots. I also remember the comfort and security experienced when falling asleep next to the round logs of an old timber wall, a wall which was not just a plain surface, but had a plastic presence like everything which is alive.' If Christian Norberg-Schulz's endowment of inanimate objects with life is not enough to grind your gears, and the sentimentality of the expression doesn't appal, he continues: ‘Since time immemorial, Nordic man has experienced a close relationship with wood.' This manages the impressive trick of being both silly and sinister, and as such it points unmistakably to the Heideggerian foundation (which is certainly not of poured concrete) that lies beneath all such appeals to craft.
Norberg-Schulz was one of the first to import Heidegger's critique of technological manufacture into architectural discourse. It was popularised by the yet more pathos-filled burbling of Pallasmaa (who calls door handles ‘the handshake of a building') and injected into British academia with superficial conceptual integrity by Vesely. This is all philosophically odious, and its physical fruits are equally inedible: in high architecture you have the hotel lobby-esque over-richness of Williams and Tsien's Barnes Foundation and, in a more avant-garde mode, Peter Salter's absurd houses in Ladbroke Grove.
Navigating the convoluted spaces and uneven floors of this multi-million pound bibelot, my thoughts turned to Flaubert. His Monsieur Binet occupies his leisure hours by pointlessly turning out napkin rings on a lathe, an activity that he recommends to dissatisfied acquaintances whose lathelessness he regards with ‘mingled contempt and satisfaction'. To Emma Bovary, on the other hand, who is more painfully involved in life's complications than the self-satisfied Binet, the lathe's humming seems an invitation to jump out of a window.
DAVID Warner may consider unleashing switch hits and reverse sweeps in Ranchi but there will be no verbal backlash against India in the third Test.
The mature vice-captain is happy to let Virat Kohli and his minions be the ones running their mouths off, with Warner admitting he'd be “upset” if Australia had behaved like India has this past week.
Warner was once fined by the ICC for accusing South Africa of ball tampering, yet Kohli has got off scot-free for tarnishing Australia as a team of cheats without providing any proof.
Indian nemesis Ravi Ashwin and Cheteshwar Pujara have also disrespected Warner by breaking the player code of what happens on the field stays on the field, after posting a sneering video of them trying to boast about their sledging of the opener.
media_camera Virat Kohli sneers at Dave Warner, left, and Steve Smith.
Once upon a time Warner might have relished the chance to go back at India in the field with all guns blazing, but not anymore.
Warner is refusing to come down to India's level and will keep his powder dry, confident some semblance of peace will be restored in the third Test amid news a photo opportunity will be staged pre-Test where the two captains and coaches will shake hands.
“I don't need to respond, not anymore,” he said.
“I can only speak on behalf of our Australian cricket team and the way we approach the game and approach the off fields. I'd be pretty upset if one of our players or staff did that.
“But at the end of the day there's going to be a lot of niggles here and there around certain things and I think just a few people got out of hand.
“It's just a rule of the cricketing world you keep everything on the field (regarding Ashwin and Pujara video) … but that's up to them. From our point of view, we'll never do that.
“I think everyone has reigned it back in again and we're looking forward to getting out to Ranchi and playing a great brand of cricket.
“At the end of the day we're professionals and you have to move on from that stuff. Hopefully both teams will come out and play with the spirit of cricket.”
It's back to business as far as Warner is concerned as he battles hard to combat the challenge of India's master spinner Ashwin and try and blow the series open come Thursday.
Ashwin has now had Warner's number on nine occasions in Test cricket, but far from daunted, the superstar opener is devising a game plan he believes can turn strong starts into a breakout innings.
In the nets Warner has moved well, often facing the spinners at practice without pads on in order to fine-tune his footwork and avoid being hit at all costs.
media_camera Warner is trapped leg before trying to sweep.
Warner refused to rule out taking an unconventional approach to throwing Ashwin – who virtually bowls the entire day from one end – off his rhythm.
However, he says switch hitting in particular is fraught with danger in India and if one of the most extravagant shots in cricket was to come out, it would be done judiciously.
“The last Test I was contemplating that (switch hits), I tried to play a reverse sweep,” Warner said.
“The only concern for me is the variable bounce – that's always the challenging thing.
“If you miss that and switch hit you can still be given out lbw, but if you reverse you can't.
“You have to be careful.
“I know in my mind if I play a shot (Ashwin) will change something. I know if he tries something I'm thinking in the back of my mind, how am I going to score?
“He's a fantastic bowler, he's got a lot of wickets in his backyard and I have to respond to that.”
Improving workflow and increasing productivity is very important to us developers. Every second counts since the time we spend on small tasks adds up. Small tasks like our Git commands are something that we do on a daily basis. Today we'll be looking at a quick way to improve our Git workflow with our favorite editor,
Sublime Text. Here's a quick example of how fast Git works within Sublime Text.
Requirements
Let's run through the things we'll need to improve our Git workflow real quick.
Git (of course)
Sublime Text (duh)
Sublime Text Git - Install using Package Control ( ctrl + shift + p )
Git Installation for Windows User: When installing Git, make sure you select Run Git from the Windows Command Prompt. Everything else can be default settings.
Git Through Command Line
Usually when I am working in Sublime Text and want to commit some changes, I will switch over to my terminal window and type the following:
git add -A git commit -m 'some crazy stupid message here' git push While this is easy enough, let's cut off a few seconds off our workflow and do this within Sublime Text.
Git Within Sublime Text
After installing the Git package, if you open your command palette by using
ctrl + shift + p , then you'll see your available Git commands (a ton!).
The cool thing is that like all other times you use the command palette, you don't have to enter the entire command. Sublime Text will autocomplete things for you. So instead of typing
git add -A , you can just type add and Sublime Text will know! Just another way to shave off milliseconds off your workflow.
Commit vs Quick Commit
You will notice that there are two commit commands the Sublime Text Git Plugin provides. The main difference is that Quick Commit will open up a little text box that you can quickly type into while Commit will open a new file and show you the changes in each file. Here's Quick Commit in action:
Here's Commit in action:
Just close the file after using
Commit and it will use the message you typed as the commit message!
Add, Commit, and Push Within Sublime Text
My workflow when trying to push code to the server inside of Sublime Text looks like:
ctrl + shift + p , TYPE add ctrl + shift + p , TYPE quick , THEN type message ctrl + shift + p , TYPE push
Staging Files and Committing In One Step: To add and commit all in one step, just skip straight to the Quick Commit command. That will stage and commit for you. It's the equivalent of git commit -am 'im staging and committing!' . Thanks to : To add and commit all in one step, just skip straight to thecommand. That will stage and commit for you. It's the equivalent of. Thanks to Moran Bentzur for the tip in the comments.
More Advanced Usage
There's so much more you can do with this plugin. Read up
more on the Git plugin.
Git Gutter Another cool Git Sublime Text package to use is Git Gutter. It will add icons to the text editor to show which lines have been added or removed in the latest commit.
Conclusion
Try out this workflow and see if you find that it saves you some time. With a quick addition of a Sublime Text package, we're able to add a ton of functionality into our favorite text editor. There are many more things you can do with this plugin including branching, rebasing, stashing, and more. It's very fully featured and I definitely encourage all to check it out. For more plugins,
here are some resources.
You might or might not have heard of 4:33 Creative Lab, but the South Korean mobile games publisher and sort-of developer has footprints all over the world. Global games it has published include Monster Super League and Seven Guardians. However, the company recently made a drastic change in its business strategy in an emergency board meeting, moving from publishing 3rd party games to focus more on self-developed titles.
3rd party games which have already been signed to a publishing deal will not be affected. According to Korean reports, the main reason of this change in business is due to 4:33 Creative Lab not having any breakout titles in recent years despite receiving over USD 100 million of investment back in 2014 from LINE and Tencent. Employees also received offers to voluntarily retire from the company, although 4:33 insisted there is no restructuring.
4:33 Creative Lab has at least 2 subsidiaries in the form of mobile games studios after buying them over during unspecified times, including Action Square and Thumb Age. The former is developing Blade 2, although there has been no update since early this year. Once the top mobile games publisher in South Korea, 4:33 reportedly has been making annual net losses since 2014, with the amount doubling in 2016 compared to 2015.
The current strategy to greatly reduce manpower in publishing and marketing related roles appear to have surprised some in the industry, as 4:33 reportedly still has over USD 40 million in cash and assets. With the big guns such as Netmarble and Nexon growing bigger, it seems 4:33 will soon be reduced to one of their partners in the future. The immediate future of 4:33 apparently lies with the (hopefully) success of Blade 2 and DC Unchained.
When we think of the term “filibuster,” the definition that springs to mind is the political one, a legislative tactic sometimes used in the United States Senate, the Parliament of the United Kingdom, and in many other Westminster-style legislatures. But it has a second, deprecated meaning, one related to military actions. In that sense, Wikipedia defines a filibuster as a person “who engages in a unauthorized military expedition into a foreign country to foment or support a revolution.” The classic example of a filibuster? Meet William Walker, pictured above.
Walker was born in Nashville, Tennessee in 1827. A savant of sorts, he graduated from college by age fourteen and went to Europe to study medicine. By his early twenties, Walker had a medical degree and was licensed to practice law in the States. But he wanted more. He wanted to be a king. So he did what anyone would do: he hired himself an army.
Walker's dream was to create a slave ownership-friendly republic which, much like the Republic of Texas before it, would find itself invited to join the U.S. as a full state. At first, he attempted to take control of parts of Baja California in Mexico, and while he was briefly successful, the Mexican government managed to force him out. He returned to California, where he was put on trial for violating the Neutrality Act of 1794, but at the time, western Americans believed strongly in the notion of Manifest Destiny, and Walker was acquitted. He used his retained freedom to take another stab at his dream.
Opportunity knocked in 1855 when civil war broke out in Nicaragua. At the time — as there was no Panama Canal — Nicaragua was a major shipping transverse. Ships could enter Lake Nicaragua from the Atlantic and drop their cargoes on its western shore. From there, goods would be moved by stagecoach to the Pacific. Walker realized the importance of the country and, with the permission of one of the warring sides, entered the nation with 65 Americans as his army. When they arrived, Walker's forces were joined by another 250 or so, a mix of men made up of American expats and local Nicaraguans. Walker's side prevailed in the civil war, and in May of 1856 the United States recognized the Walker-backed government as the official one in charge of Nicaragua. Walker still needed the local leader to be his puppet regime, but in July, he ousted his ally in a fraudulent election.
As President of Nicaragua, Walker put his plan into action. He legalized slavery and made English the official language of the nation. He actively solicited Americans to immigrate to Nicaragua, positioning it as a staunch defender of slave ownership during a period when America was deeply divided on the issue. He even rebased the Nicaraguan currency to be indexed to the American dollar. But while this attracted a number of American southerners — and entrenched Walker as the leader of his new Nicaraguan empire — he provoked fear and anger among Nicaragua's Central American neighbors. Thousands of troops, mostly from Honduras, overtook Walker and, upon his surrender, forcibly returned him to the United States in May of 1857.
Walker did not give up — but he probably should have. He returned to the region a few years later, and, quickly found himself unwelcome. He was turned over to the Honduran authorities who were, this time, not so willing to give him yet another chance to attempt a coup. On September 12, 1860, Walker was brought to the firing squad and executed.
Bonus fact : The term “filibuster” comes from the Spanish term “filibustero,” meaning “pirate.” In the legislative sense, the speaker is acting as a pirate, hijacking the legislative process; in Walker's case, the etymology is probably closer to apt.
From the Archives: St. Patrick's Battalion: Another group of Americans who made their way south in the 1800s to fight — but in this case, they fought against the United States.
Related: “Filibusters and Financiers: The Story of William Walker and his Associates” by William O. Scroggs. Not yet reviewed.
Frozen Xmas & New Year 2015
Lets see now; 11 days late for Christmas and 5 days late for New Year's orz
Hey y'all! I hope it's still the season wherever you are now. 2014 was kinda lousy for me (And Malaysia for that matter). But hey, the best thing that came out of it was my Tumblr.
Yes, YOU guys <3 Thank you to all my beautiful followers and to everybody who has been supporting my art through this rough year. I've got some cool ideas in the pipeline so please look forward to that :D (Not to mention TONS of questions I haven't answered orz)
Anyway, here's wishing y'all an awesome 2015 ahead filled with joy, laughter and chocolates! Sweet, sweet chocolates <3
PS: Can you believe I NEVER touched snow in my entire life? “Perks” of living in a tropical country /sarcasm
This month, corruption at its highest levels has dominated press coverage on the illegal wildlife trade. exposed the international networks responsible for smuggling poached rhino horn, with North Korea's “dodgy diplomats” taking centre place. July also saw news break that the head of Zimbabwe's Department for Parks and Wildlife Management Authority's Director General, Edson Chidziya, had been suspended amidst allegations of corruption. Meanwhile, in South Africa, a legal challenge was made by accused poachers Hugo Ras and his alleged syndicate; with potentially far reaching consequences for the success of future prosecutions.
Dodgy Diplomats
Julian Rademeyer is an award-winning investigative journalist, former Sunday Times columnist and author of the book , a two year investigation into the people and networks behind the global illegal wildlife trade. His new report, penned with the , gained widespread coverage in print and online media with particular attention levelled at one of its boldest accusations: that much of the illegally poached rhino horn on the black market in South East Asia is smuggled out of Africa via Mozambique by North Korean “dodgy diplomats.” According to the report, North Korean embassy officials have been implicated in 16 of 29 incidents since 1986, where diplomats were found to be smuggling ivory or rhino horn.
Allegations have long circled that the North Korean nationals have used criminal activity to bankroll the regime throughout decades of isolationism and economic collapse, including forays into the illegal wildlife trade. As the surge in rhino horn demand has leapt since 2006, their attention has become more focused on rhino horn as a lucrative supply of laundered cash. Rademeyer's report illustrates the regime's secretive agency known as “Division 39” which is tasked with generating revenue streams for the pariah state – an important work-stream for embassies who have had to financially support themselves over the decades and generate funds for the central government.
Rademeyer's investigation makes a compelling case for the international community to tackle the illegal wildlife trade, and start seeing the phenomenon as part of a much bigger, transnational criminal landscape. Far from being restricted to rhino horn and other animal products, the poachers on the ground, criminal kingpins, dodgy diplomats and smugglers are implicated in weapon smuggling, people trafficking and money laundering amongst other destabilising illegal activities. Throughout the report, it is clear that certain weak spots – geographical and legal – must be tackled to bring about effective change.
One such pressure point is coastal Mozambique, labelled a “smugglers' paradise”; a status blamed, in part, on the legacy of its former president Armando Guebeza. The country is a regional hotspot for money laundering and has seen rising kidnappings, ransoms and assassinations with the murders of a judge and prosecutor making anti-corruption campaigners increasingly nervous. This year, all foreign aid was suspended when it was alleged that the government had secretly pocketed $1.4 billion from bi- and multi-lateral donors. In this climate, Rademeyer's warning that “entities like Interpol, Europol, CITES and the World Customs Organisation are only as good as the government officials in member states” seems particularly stark.
Mozambique, as a key transit for smuggled rhino horn, causes South Africa the biggest headache due to its shared border with Kruger National Park, home to the continent's largest population of rhinos. Whilst security has dramatically increased in South Africa over the years and its government has shown commitment to protecting its endangered rhino population, the fault line with Mozambique continues to see poachers entering the Park and leaving with poached rhino horn. In Mozambique, with its grinding poverty and limited eco-tourism opportunities, Rademeyer writes that there is often anger when poachers are killed. “Why”, asked one father of a poacher, “was an animal's life worth more than my son's?” A picture is painted of a country where corruption permeates all levels of society, and meaningful law enforcement is scarce, but education and community-focused development is also a necessity to win hearts and minds.
However, Rademeyer's report doesn't just focus on corruption within Africa. The criminal networks are transnational, with one hotspot, surprisingly, being the Czech Republic, where officials estimate that up to 180 people in one small town are involved in rhino horn trafficking, with the illicit product moving through the country before heading to its home destination: Vietnam. “Pseudo-hunts” – whereby horn traffickers pose as Big Game hunters with dubious permits – are one of the key methods nationals from Europe are getting hold of, and trading, rhino horn. There has been a crackdown on legal hunts over the last few years with much more stringent checks made, but spikes in Ukrainian, Polish and Slovak nationals taking part have led to further investigations into the industry.
South Africa and Mozambique signed an MoU in 2014 to build cooperation in combating the illegal wildlife trade, paving the way for cross-border patrols currently in place. South Africa also has agreements in place with Vietnam, Cambodia and the Czech Republic. How effectively the countries are working together is questionable. In January, Mozambique was due to report to CITES on its cooperation and activities with South Africa in combating the illegal rhino horn trade. Mozambique's submission was two months late.
Zimbabwe Suspension Raises Eyebrows
In Zimbabwe, the news of Edson Chidziya's suspension as Director General of the Department for Parks and Wildlife has been met with raised eyebrows. The word on the street is that the suspension is due to allegations of corruption – rhino horn and ivory sales lining official's pockets. Unsubstantiated gossip, for example, is circulating that Chidziya has recently become the owner of a newly built mansion.
Others have been wondered whether the move is linked to the country's recent formal request to CITES to hold a one-off international sale of its ivory stockpiles: 70 tonnes with an estimated to have a sales value of $35 million. The Zimbabwean government has argued that lifting the international ban is the only way to generate funding needed for conservation work and protecting its elephant and rhino population. The volatile Zimbabwean economy has been hit particularly hard by the drought currently affecting swathes of southern Africa, which has left four million Zimbabweans alone vulnerable to famine.
Commentators have observed that CITES would only agree to such a move (and that itself is highly unlikely) if the country's stockpile security is water-tight. Questions have been raised, according to SRI's sources, that suspending the Park's Director General is designed to send out a clear message that the government is tackling corruption at its highest levels in order to push the motion through at the meeting in September, and provide clear evidence that stockpile theft is a problem that has been resolved.
Hugo Ras challenge could spell disaster for future prosecutions
In South Africa, the trial of alleged poacher Hugo Ras and his group has been delayed until February 2017 after two of his team, Joseph Wilkinson and David Steyn, issued a constitutional challenge. The group have questioned why they are being assumed as guilty and need to prove their innocence, rather than being innocent until proven guilty. Secondly, they have focused attention on the recent lifting of the “moratorium on the possession and transport of rhino horns”, a 2009 piece of legislation which banned rhino horn trading within South Africa for seven years until it was overturned last year.
The gang believe that the lifting of the seven-year ban could, can potentially influence the charges levelled against them as suspected poachers operating a far-reaching syndicate trading horns. To this effect, they are challenging the validity of the 2009 moratorium used in in arrests, and claiming the legislation underpinning their arrests was unlawful. Described as a “kingpin” in the media, Ras and his colleagues were arrested last September, for allegedly poaching 22 rhinos from state-owned and private reserves from 2008-2012.
Delays in the trial have caused concern amongst conservationists and law enforcement agencies. It is highly likely Ras and his colleagues will attain bail over the coming six months, and there are worries that other high profile cases could also hit stumbling blocks while the constitutional challenge is debated. A key case jeopardised by current events is that of Dawie Groenewald. First arrested in 2010, Groenewald was released on bail and despite facing serious charges of running an illegal rhino horn trading empire with links to the Czech Republic and Vietnam. He has yet to appear in court to face charges. On 28 July 2016 in Pretoria, Judge Nomonde Mngquibisa-Thusi announced that the Groenewald trial has been postponed until June 2017, awaiting the outcome of Ras' constitutional challenge.
Amidst this climate, one line from Rademeyer's report seems particularly apt: criminal networks are “ruthlessly efficient, imaginative, endlessly adaptive [and]… everything that the government bureaucracies and law enforcement agencies rallied against them are not.”
The real question now is what will come from the CITES CoP in September – will the international community get tough?
No matter how many bombs Americans drop on ISIS forces, Iraqi troops are losing ground. If al-Anbar is lost, the entire Iraqi front dynamic will shift to favor ISIS again, and months of the U.S.-led air campaign will have been wasted.
Maybe that's why we had reports from an Iraqi field commander on Tuesday that U.S. forces had their first ground clash with ISIS terrorists at midnight on Monday, Baghdad time. ISIS fighters were forced to withdraw after U.S. air force fighters bombed enemy positions.
Related: 9 ISIS Weapons That Will Shock You
The minor victory was well timed. After six weeks of defeats in Iraq, ISIS made its first gains in the western province of al-Anbar last week, threatening the remaining Iraqi government forces and its tribal Sunni allies who are defending the remaining cities and army camps there.
“We have ammunition to fight ISIS for five days only. After that, we will not be able to fight them with their advanced arms,” said Sheikh Naeim al-Gaud, a tribal leader who suffered hundreds of losses in a massacre committed by ISIS several weeks ago near the city of Hit, western Iraq.
A lot is riding on Al-Anbar. It's Iraq's largest province, about one-third the size of Iraq. It borders Syria, Jordan and Saudi Arabia. It also borders Baghdad, Babil, Karbala, Najaf, Salahuddin and Nineveh provinces. Most of the province is controlled by ISIS. Nevertheless, the provincial capital, Ramadi, is divided between the Iraqi government and ISIS. Several other towns are still controlled by the government as well, including an army camp that hosts 100 U.S. soldiers.
On the days following al-Gaud's warning, ISIS retook many areas to the west of Ramadi, near the town of al-Baghdadi, forcing the army and its allies to halt an attack to restore the city of Hit. Shekh al-Gaud said he only received 72 AK-47 rifles that are out of service despite his public appeals for help. He also said that the army's seventh division, which is fighting ISIS in his area, has no tanks at all while ISIS has many of them. His tribal fighters used rocket-propelled grenades, or RPGs, to counter ISIS tanks. That is no longer working. “They have developed a way to make their tanks avoid our rockets.”
Related: The Merger of ISIS and al-Qaeda Could Cripple the Civilized World
He lost 762 members of his tribe who were killed by ISIS.
One of the reasons the Iraqi government hesitates to arm the tribes in al-Anbar is that some of the weapons sent previously ended up in ISIS hands. “I was told that 4000 Russian PKCs heavy machine guns were sent before. 800 of them ended up with ISIS,” al-Gaud said.
To make a bad situation worse, al-Anbar's provincial council fired the governor. The governor was injured three months ago while fighting ISIS and has been on sick leave ever since. He went to Baghdad to dispute the decision in court. Al-Anbar's tribes sent two delegations recently to ask for weapons -- one to the U.S. and another to Iran. They also tried to buy weapons from the local black market.
The situation is not much better in other parts of Iraq. A huge part of the Iraqi state's assets was allocated to facilitate and protect the annual religious march of millions of Iraqi and Iranian Shiite pilgrims to the holy city of Karbala. The ritual commemorates 40 days from the anniversary of the martyrdom of Imam Hussein, the Prophet Mohammed's grandson, who was killed in the seventh century.
Exploiting that opportunity, ISIS launched an attack aimed at the holy city of Samarra to the north of Baghdad. Most of the attack was repelled. However, it provoked the Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to order a full alert of his militia to prepare for Jihad to protect Samarra from danger. It was a situation similar to this in February 2006 that started the sectarian war in Iraq.
Related: How ISIS Wages a Brutal and Hideous War on Women
Story continues
NOIDA: When Yogi Adityanath stood beside Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the inauguration of the new Metro line between Noida and south Delhi, it was the first time since October 2011 that an Uttar Pradesh chief minister had set foot in Noida.Yogi, who heads a government that swept to power with a huge mandate and will be a key factor in the 2019 general elections in a state that sends most MPs to the Lok Sabha, drew lavish praise from Modi for breaking the ‘Noida jinx'.“A canard has been spread that he (Yogi) will be superstitious… that given his attire, he cannot have progressive thinking,” Modi said, referring to the saffron-clad, priest-turned-politician. “But today, I am happy he has come to Noida, about which an image was built that no CM can come here. He has broken the jinx without speaking, and with his actions proved all superstitions are false and a modern era cannot be like this,” the PM told a crowd of 20,000 at Amity University on Monday, in his speech to mark the inauguration of the Magenta line.“If a CM lives in the fear that he will lose his chair on going somewhere, then such people don't have any right to become the CM,” Modi added, referring to the ‘jinx', a decades-old belief that a CM visiting Noida loses elections.The ‘Noida jinx' was reinforced when Mayawati lost the UP elections after visiting the city in 2011. “A society trapped in superstition can never progress. We are living in an era of technology and science. Faith has its own place but blind faith has no place anywhere,” Modi said.In a veiled response to the political row which BJP has been embroiled in with AAP, which asked why the Delhi CM had not been invited to the inauguration, Modi said, “Sometimes… even the best development work is also always measured on the scales of benefits of political parties rather than measuring them on the scales of public good.”In a 40-minute speech laden with emphasis on “good governance” — the PM mentioned it at least 15 times — Modi said mass transportation systems were the “need of the hour” as he flagged off the 12.64-km long Botanical Garden-Kalkaji section of the Magenta Line, which will in future connect with the domestic terminal of IGI airport. Talking about the problem of “self-interest” of bureaucrats that hampers governance in the country, he said he has taken it upon himself to change it.“We all know it takes a lot to change it. But should we take decisions only for political benefit and keep the country's benefit at stake? The country has chosen a government which wants to follow policies and work with a clean intention,” Modi said.He also urged people to bring down their fuel requirements by 2022, the 75th year of Independence. “Even today, we are importing petroleum products on a very large scale. A lot of the country's money is being invested in this… Can we bring down the amount of fuel which we are importing by some percentage? Can we save the country's money within the country itself? For this, mass transportation, rapid transportation, multi-modal transportation is the need of the hour. Possibly, today, there are problems in spending money (cost of metro projects), priorities have to be changed a little but because of this, it (mass transportation) is going to benefit greatly in future,” he said.Urging commuters to make metro travel a matter of pride, the PM stressed the need for a mindset change. “I don't think the top 10 industrialists of the country are going to travel in this. This is meant for you all, people who will travel in it with pride,” he said, adding Metro networks will come up in at least 50 cities in the country.Recalling that former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee had become Delhi Metro's first passenger on December 24, 2002, he said the day was not far when Delhi will join the list of five cities with the best Metro networks in the world. The PM, in fact, made repeated references to Vajpayee and the projects started under his regime: Golden quadrilateral and the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana. “Very few people know that that dream belonged to Atal Bihari Vajpayee. The yojana was started by Vajpayee due to which where every village in the country is being linked with roads. And we have taken it upon ourselves to take that dream towards completion by the end of 2019,” he said.To highlight good governance, Modi claimed his government had abolished 1,200 laws so far. He described the massive “web of laws” as the biggest hindrance in the path of governance. He also said work on laying railway lines and building national highways had been doubled.While the PM's programme for the Metro inauguration began well in time as his chopper landed 10 minutes before the scheduled time, he left around 2.32pm, 12 minutes after the scheduled time.This was the PM's third visit to Noida. His earlier visits were for the launch of the Stand Up India initiative in 2016 and inauguration of the widening of NH-24 in 2015.Yogi's chopper landed at the Hindon helipad in Ghaziabad at 12.10pm, an hour and five minutes after the scheduled time and reached the helipad at Amity School at 12.25pm. He travelled to the Botanical Garden Metro station via road and reached the venue ahead of the PM, who reached at 1pm.
World Bank's comments came as officials from India, Pak concluded the secretary-level talks over IWT
Highlights India, Pak concluded secretary-level talks over Indus Waters Treaty India can build hydro power plant on Jhelum, Chenab, World Bank said Pakistan opposes the construction of power plants
India is allowed to construct hydroelectric power facilities on tributaries of the Jhelum and Chenab rivers with certain restrictions under the 1960 Indus Waters Treaty (IWT), the World Bank has said.The World Bank's comments came as officials from India Pakistan concluded the secretary-level talks over the IWT.Pakistan opposes the construction of the Kishanganga (330 megawatts) and Ratle (850 megawatts) hydroelectric power plants being built by India in Jammu and Kashmir, the global lender said in a fact sheet issued yesterday.Noting that the two countries disagree over whether the technical design features of the two hydroelectric plants contravene the treaty, the World Bank said the IWT designates these two rivers as well as the Indus as the "Western Rivers" to which Pakistan has unrestricted use."Among other uses, India is permitted to construct hydroelectric power facilities on these rivers subject to constraints specified in annexures to the treaty," the Bank said in its fact sheet.It noted that the talks on the technical issues of the IWT took place this week "in a spirit of goodwill and cooperation".The parties have agreed to continue discussions and reconvene in September in Washington DC, it said in a separate statement.In the lengthy fact sheet, the World Bank said Pakistan asked it to facilitate the setting up of a Court of Arbitration to look into its concerns about the designs of the two hydroelectric power projects.On the other hand, India had asked for the appointment of a neutral expert to look into the issues, contending the concerns Pakistan raised were "technical" ones.The IWT was signed in 1960 after nine years of negotiations between India and Pakistan with the help of the World Bank, which is also a signatory.The World Bank's role in relation to "differences" and "disputes" is limited to the designation of people to fulfil certain roles when requested by either or both of the parties, the fact sheet said.Earlier, in a letter dated July 25, the World Bank had assured Indian Ambassador to the US Navtej Sarna its "continued neutrality and impartiality in helping the parties to find and amicable way forward."The two countries last held talks over the two projects in March this year during the meeting of the Permanent Indus Commission (PIC) in Pakistan.Pakistan had approached the World Bank last year, raising concerns over the designs of two hydroelectricity projects located in Jammu and Kashmir.It had demanded that the World Bank, which is the mediator between the two countries under the 57-year-old water distribution pact, set up a court of arbitration to look into its concerns.The international lender had in November 2016 initiated two simultaneous processes for appointing neutral expert and establishing of a court of arbitration to look into technical differences between the two countries in connection with the projects.The simultaneous processes, however, were halted after India objected to it.After that, representatives of the World Bank held talks with India and Pakistan to find a way out separately.The talks between the two nations over the treaty come amid tensions between them after a number of terror attacks in India by Pakistan-based terror groups.
China celebrated its “One Belt, One Road" (Obor) initiative with a coming-out party in Beijing last month. The conference, with 68 participating countries, was attended by 28 heads of government, while the others were represented at ministerial or lower levels. European leaders were missing. The rich countries were largely absent. India stayed away in protest against the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, a component of Obor, which passes through Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, citing its sovereignty over the terrain.
Much of the writing on Obor has been project-specific or country-specific, but its whole is different from—indeed greater than—the sum of its parts. There is little analysis or evaluation from a wider perspective. It is time to discuss this elephant in the room.
President Xi Jinping announced the Obor initiative in 2013 to create a network of railways, roads, pipelines and grids that would link China to the world. The action plan was approved by the Chinese state council in 2015. The “Belt" seeks to create a land route from China to Europe. The “Road", strangely enough, hopes to create a maritime route from China to the Mediterranean through the Indian Ocean.
It is, in effect, a portfolio of infrastructure projects—roads, railways, oil pipelines, power grids, information highways, ports, industrial corridors—to foster connectivity and support development. China plans to provide $150 billion per annum over the next decade. The Silk Road Fund, created in 2014, is just $40 billion. The financing is meant to come largely from the China Development Bank, the Export-Import Bank of China (its national development banks) and the Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank (multilateral institution established under China's leadership) possibly supplemented by the New Development Bank (based in Shanghai established jointly by Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa). The stated rationale is to provide a framework for economic cooperation through trade, finance, policy coordination, collaboration and partnership between countries.
The Belt, which plans to connect east and west overland across the Eurasian landmass, envisions three routes: from China to Europe via Central Asia; from China to the Persian Gulf and the Mediterranean via West Asia; and from China to South East Asia and South Asia. The Road, which plans to connect China with Asia, Africa and Europe through maritime routes by sea, also envisages three components: from China to South East Asia, on to South Asia, and through East Africa to the Mediterranean. This grand design, described by Xi as the “project of the century", claims to be the modern equivalent of the historical networks of routes, now described as the “Silk Roads". They were supposedly established by China in the Han period, around the turn of the Christian era 2,000 years ago, and named after its main export—silk—that shaped developments in the region for centuries. The real history was very different.
The movement of people across geographies is as old as humankind. For centuries, communication routes and trade paths, both land and sea, criss-crossed Eurasia, linking east and west. Such routes traded not just in silk but in a wide range of goods. The traders were Arabs, Armenians, Chinese, Georgians, Greeks, Indian, Persians, Romans, Sogdians and Syrians. Moreover, the vast networks were about far more than merchandise trade, as knowledge, ideas, cultures, beliefs, languages and religions traversed the same paths to influence each other in ways that sometimes changed history. These ancient routes had no names. In fact, it was only in the late 19th century that a German geologist, Ferdinand von Richthofen, named the network of routes Dies Seidenstrasse (The Silk Roads). The term is an entirely colonial construct.
There were three historical routes connecting Asia and Europe: the southern land route via Central Asia; a route to its north along the southern edge of Mongolia used much less; and a maritime route across the Indian Ocean.
There was no single overland route that ran directly from China to the Mediterranean. It was made up of segments, each of which was a loop in a chain, which was also not a single named entity. To begin with, Han rulers exchanged gifts—silk and horses—with the nomads of central Asia. Large-scale commercial exchange came later. The Central Asians, as traders, took the silk west to the Oxus valley from where it went to India and Iran. It went from Iran to the eastern Mediterranean, through local traders, from where it went to Rome through their traders. Much else was traded besides silk from China. Silk, and other goods, moved from east to west, while Buddhism travelled from India through Central Asia to China and East Asia, with site after site of Buddhist shrines along the route. The routes were not subject to any centralized political control. Trade and commerce recognized that none had a monopoly on trade which flowed through many channels. It was only the Mongol empire in Central Asia during the 12th century that tried to weld these segments into a single route but this did not last long as the Ottoman Turkish empire closed down the route in the 15th century.
Asia and Europe were also connected by sea but the Chinese had no dominant role at any time on this route. There were three segments in this maritime route: the Red Sea to the coasts of India; the Bay of Bengal to South East Asia; and South East Asia to South China. It all began with trade in spices, and the demand for spices took Indians to South East Asia. Religions—Hinduism, Buddhism and Islam—also moved on these routes. It was Arabs and Indians who dominated the maritime trade in the first two segments, while the Chinese dominated the third segment.
Given this past, it is not clear why China seeks to legitimize Obor by invoking history. This is a new departure that resembles the European imperial engagement with Asia in the 19th century.
Obor is an entirely Chinese initiative. Its explicit, stated, objectives are creating an infrastructure and providing connectivity to foster economic cooperation as partners in development. Its implicit, unstated objectives, both economic and political, also deserve attention.
The Chinese economy is confronted with two sets of problems. The country saves more than it can invest, so that it runs large current account surpluses in its balance of payments leading to an accumulation of foreign exchange reserves, which are invested mostly in low-interest US government securities. The economic slowdown and persistent recession in the US and EU mean that China needs to shift from export-led growth to domestic consumption-led growth. This is easier said than done with an unequal income distribution. Any redistribution, even if feasible, will take time. Obor provides a potential solution to both problems. It could earn higher returns on surplus savings or capital exports, just as it could provide a new source of external demand. At the same time, it could use the excess capacities in railways, steel, metals and cement, to provide work for their construction companies, while using their experience of infrastructure projects.
China's political interests are clearer. Obor is a means of extending political spheres of influence, mostly in Africa at present, to South East Asia, South Asia, Central Asia and West Asia. It is about buying regional leadership in the quest for hegemony. Above all, it is a stepping stone for China's aspirations of global leadership by creating a rival to the transatlantic economic area with the US at its apex. This task might become easier in a vacant space if US President Donald Trump opens a void by progressively withdrawing the US from its global leadership role.
From the perspective of developing countries, which are Obor participants, there are both positives and negatives. The positives are it could help bridge their massive infrastructure deficits, exacerbated by scarce capital, by providing external finance without explicit conditions, together with technology, goods, services and workers to build and complete projects. The negatives are that the projects which are built might not be what host countries need, the costs might be much higher because the financing will be tied to procurement in China, and the linkages with the domestic economy might be sparse. On balance, the outcome would depend upon the distribution of gains, which could be skewed given the limited bargaining power of host countries vis-à-vis a strong and powerful China. Ultimately, trade must flow both ways for mutual benefits to accrue. But China's past record of running large trade surpluses, and exporting manufactured goods in exchange for primary commodities, especially in Africa, is not promising.
From China's perspective, the positives are clear and tangible. Obor creates avenues for using its surplus savings, exporting its domestic overproduction, utilizing its excess capacities, and sustaining rapid economic growth by creating new sources of external demand. In doing so, it would extend political spheres of influences while exporting its economic imbalances. But this quest might not be without problems. China is already finding it hard to identify profitable projects. There could be negatives too. Gestation lags on infrastructural investments are very long. Rates of return on such investments are rather low. Any problems on account of debt servicing by host countries could stress China's already strained financial system. There could be a political backlash as well. Elected governments in Sri Lanka and Myanmar already want to repudiate or renegotiate projects approved by their predecessors.
Obor should make the world sit up and recognize the global aspirations of China, which was denied a seat at the high table and is now setting up its own kitchen. Pax Britannica began life in the mid-19th century. Pax Americana succeeded it in the mid-20th century. Is China working towards Pax Sinica in the mid-21st century to coincide with the centenary of the Communist Revolution in 2049?
Deepak Nayyar is emeritus professor of economics, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. He served as chief economic adviser, government of India, from 1989-91, and as vice-chancellor, University of Delhi, from 2000-05
Comments are welcome at views@livemint.com
Free agency is one piece of the NFL roster-building puzzle, best analyzed in a broader context. Bill Polian, Louis Riddick, Matt Williamson, Field Yates and I accounted for that when putting together team-by-team report cards for the signing period that opened two weeks ago.
September is a long way off, of course, and even the best-laid plans are sometimes no match for what awaits in the regular season. But in applying some time-tested principles -- rating teams on their abilities to address needs before the draft while keeping their own best players from departing -- a consensus formed around some of the teams (Green Bay unanimously earned an "A" grade, for instance).
Other teams sparked debate and questions. Do the Bills deserve credit for aggressively pushing to close the gap with New England in the AFC East? Perhaps they do, but their approach stands in stark contrast to the one that earned the Packers our highest grade to this point in free agency. The Saints, Eagles and Jets also were major movers in the market. There was much to consider when analyzing their approaches, and those for all teams as the 2015 draft approaches.
In order of their letter grade, here are our evaluations of how every NFL team has done thus far in player acquisitions this offseason:
'A' Grades
Green Bay Packers
Grade: A
Key re-signings/additions: WR Randall Cobb, RT Bryan Bulaga, OT Don Barclay, S Sean Richardson, QB Scott Tolzien
Key subtractions: ILB A.J. Hawk, DE B.J. Raji, ILB Brad Jones, TE Brandon Bostick, CB Davon House, ILB Jamari Lattimore, WR Jarrett Boykin, CB Jarrett Bush, FB John Kuhn, WR Kevin Dorsey, QB Matt Flynn, CB Tramon Williams, DT Letroy Guion, RB DuJuan Harris
The Packers have taken homegrown roster-building to the extreme, rarely bringing in players from other organizations. Whether or not you think the Packers should be a little more proactive on occasion, there can be no questioning the general soundness of their approach. Finding a way to keep both Cobb and Bulaga made this free-agency period a smashing success.
"They did a great job keeping their own and that is really all there is to say about it," Polian said.
Yates called this a "classic Ted Thompson offseason" while Williamson emphasized the flexibility Green Bay now enjoys while heading into the draft.
"They would get my best grade," Williamson said. "You could make an argument that they were the best team in the league last year even though they lost a crazy game in the playoffs. They have a great offensive playmaker in Cobb and a very good right tackle in Bulaga. That offense is loaded. Now they have the whole draft to do whatever they want."
Event Tracking is one of the most powerful features of Google Analytics. It enables you to record the way your users interact with all sorts of elements on your site, including file downloads, button clicks and more.
For most sites, in order to take advantage of this functionality you simply need to have your Google Analytics UA code installed on the page and the ability to add a custom JavaScript method to the HTML element you'd like to track.
Below is the standard Google Analytics tracking code. Your UA code will be unique to your own Google Analytics Account.
Dissecting the Code:
The below image illustrates the five components that you can track with this feature and what you can accomplish with each of them.
GA event method
Calling this method tells Google Analytics that you'd like to track an event.
Category: This is the type of event you'd like to track. For example, it could be video or newsletter signup, etc.
This is the type of event you'd like to track. For example, it could be video or newsletter signup, etc. Action: This is describing the specific action you'd like to track. Some examples include downloads, plays or signups.
This is describing the specific action you'd like to track. Some examples include downloads, plays or signups. Label: Labels are optional. They allow you to further segment your data. For instance, you can track the URL that the event takes place on.
Labels are optional. They allow you to further segment your data. For instance, you can track the URL that the event takes place on. Value: This optional as well. They allow you to assign a monetary value to the event. If you know the expected ROI from a new lead will be, you can plug it into this variable.
This optional as well. They allow you to assign a monetary value to the event. If you know the expected ROI from a new lead will be, you can plug it into this variable. Interaction: This last step is also optional. It lets you keep track of whether or not a user bounces from your site as a result of the event.
A Working Event Tracking Example:
Here is what a typical Event Tracking code would look like for tallying how many times someone watches a particular video on your site. As you can see, this code only tracks the category (Video), action (Play) and label (Baby's First Birthday).
With this information as a starting point, you should be able to set up tracking fairly easily on most websites with only a basic knowledge of HTML.
Not So With Marketo:
We were recently approached by one of our clients, Pertino, for help in setting up custom event tracking for their advertising campaign in support of their new cloud networking app. This campaign consisted of multiple ads all pointing to different landing pages built out in Marketo, each with unique URLs.
For the uninitiated, Marketo is a fairly robust software that allows you to create customizable landing pages and forms with a straightforward WYSIWYG editor. The downside to this product, however, is that you don't get access to edit the source code of every element on the page – particularly form buttons, which was the item we most wanted to track.
Luckily for us though, Marketo does let you insert custom JavaScript, jQuery and HTML throughout the rest of the page, so we were able to come up with a custom solution that works great!
Step 1 – Determine Your Setup
When setting up any Event Tracking in Google Analytics, the most important thing is to decide how you'd like to categorize your results. For our example, we wanted to track the number of people that downloaded the app, so it follows that a logical category for this would be called, “Downloads”. Keep in mind that if you have multiple downloadable items on your site, then this might not be the best naming convention for you.
Next, since we were then splitting the advertising campaign up into separate landing pages and A/B testing them, it made sense to make our “action” component the specific call to action that we used on that page. It could be “Download Now” or “Try it for free!” or whatever your specific CTA is for your button. On this particular page, we used “Try Pertino”.
Finally, since some CTAs occurred on multiple pages, we tracked the specific URL in the “label” component. Remember that this is an optional step, so you may or may not need it, depending on your goals.
So our code snippet looked like the following:
Step 2 – Locate the ID of Your Element
Because we didn't have access to edit the code of the form's button in Marketo, we had to set up a custom JavaScript solution that targeted the button's “id”. The id attribute is most often used to point to a style in a style sheet, but you can also use it to manipulate the element in JavaScript.
To find the id of any element in HTML, you can use a plugin like Firebug. Once installed, you can use Firebug to inspect any element by simply right-clicking on it.
Right-click your button and choose “inspect element” to view the source code of that particular item.
In the code of the button, you should be able to find the id of the form fairly easily. In our case it was called “#mktFrmSubmit”. Make a note of this in order to add it to the JavaScript code.
Step 3 – Add the JS to the Marketo Landing Page
Once you have the id of the element you want to track, all that's left is to add it into the landing page!
To do this, we need to alter the code slightly from the stock example. We have to make a new function that triggers the event tracking after a click. Since our landing pages utilize jQuery, we used the script below.
If you'd like to use just JavaScript to accomplish this, then your code would look something like:
To put this code into the landing page, you just have to make an HTML box (Note: you have to be logged into Marketo to view this link) and copy/paste the code into it.
Create new HTML box…
And paste the code into it!
Once the code is entered and the page is published, you will be able to see the events almost instantly with Google Analytics Event Tracking in real time! If you have any questions or tweaks for the setup, please leave a comment below.
Share. It's not the best Mario game on 3DS, but it's joyous while it lasts. It's not the best Mario game on 3DS, but it's joyous while it lasts.
You know that fizzy feeling you get in your brain when you play a great Mario game? Where it feels a bit like it did the first time you ever played one, even though you're so intimately familiar with it? New Super Mario Bros 2 gives you 80-odd levels of perfectly-pitched side-scrolling platforming with a smattering of new features, but it doesn't give you that feeling. It's a surprisingly conservative entry in this continually inventive franchise, and though it's a masterclass in level design and eternally satisfying to play, it doesn't move the series forward. When it's as good as it was to begin with, though, it's hard to find much else to complain about.
New Super Mario Bros 2 stars the Koopalings (Bowser's long-neglected junior minions) as villains, who crop up in predictable but nonetheless entertaining boss fights at the end of each of the game's worlds. Coin-collecting is the ancient video game principle at the heart of the game. Those shiny little discs of gold metal are everywhere, erupting in shimmering cascades from pipes and trailing in the wake of Cheep underwater. The new power-ups mostly revolve around turning everything into gold; a golden Flower transforms Mario into a tubby little Midas, transmuting everything around him into coins, and coin blocks can be worn on Mario's head, leaving a trail of twinkling currency as he runs and jumps.
Exit Theatre Mode
Golden rings, meanwhile, temporarily gild every enemy in the level, giving you greater rewards for bopping them on the head and causing Koopa shells to spew coins in their spinning path. The game keeps track of your cumulative coin total, displaying it right in your face on the world map and popping up with little congratulatory messages when you reach a new milestone. Something happens when you reach one million, we're told, but it'll be a while before anyone finds out what.
There are plenty of old power-ups too, of course, like the Fire Flower, Starman and the Super Leaf, which turns Mario into Raccoon Mario (though the resultant powers of flight are tragically under-used for the majority of the game). The Mega and Mini Mushrooms from the original New Super Mario Bros turn up as well, but only once or twice over the course of the entire game, making them feel a lot less gimmicky than they did before.
“ Unlike Super Mario 3D Land, it doesn't feel built for the console
New Super Mario Bros 2's primary-coloured, whimsical graphical style is as endearing as ever – the Koopas even do a little dance when there's a trill in the music. Weirdly, though, the 3D effect doesn't work well at all. Turn the slider up and the detailed 2D backgrounds get blurrier and blurrier, which creates a depth of field effect but also smears all the lovely artwork. Unlike Super Mario 3D Land, it doesn't feel built for the console – there are no levels with nifty 3D effects, and it's difficult to find a reason to turn the slider up.
Mario is such a joy to control that he sometimes feels like an extension of your thoughts. He has a perfect sense of weight to him, and the levels are exquisitely designed to take advantage of his acrobatic abilities. Each world has two castles to break up the normal flow, and some worlds have ghost houses that give Mario platforming a puzzley twist, with disappearing doors and mirrored rooms. There are a lot of secrets, too – some of the levels have second exits that lead you to a new place on the map (or a new world entirely), and you'll constantly be scanning their perfect geometry for the inviting gaps in the scenery or slight anomalies that could point towards something hidden.
Exit Theatre Mode
Difficulty-wise, New Super Mario Bros 2 is still a long way from the invigorating cruelty of the old 2D Marios, but you won't be able to skip through the game without ever dying. If you fail a level more than a few times, the white Tanooki Suit – or the Suck Tanooki Suit, as it's more colloquially known – lets you run through the levels as an invincible white raccoon Mario, but that still won't save you from death by deadly purple goop or falling into lava. The difficulty is offset by the sheer proliferation of coins, though – if you're any good, you'll have about 100 lives saved up by the time you're halfway into the game.
The co-op multiplayer is fun, but inessential – on a small screen, the camera often has trouble keeping both of you in focus at once, and it doesn't let you run off and explore separately. It feels like another missed opportunity, with no bespoke levels made for co-operative play. Where New Super Mario Bros Wii only really came alive when played with friends, the multiplayer here feels like an optional add-on.
Coin Rush Mode has a more competitive aspect, letting you challenge people via Streetpass to amass as many coins as you can without dying over three randomly selected levels – and under a time limit, too, as if that wasn't enough pressure. This gives New Super Mario Bros 2 a little longevity, which is desperately needs; the single-player game barely lasts five hours on a first playthrough, though secret-searching and collecting star coins takes much longer.
Lamp Theatre general manager John Cassandro calls the former restaurant and apartments at 207 Main St. one of his favorite buildings in Irwin, “at least architecturally.”
“I sure would love to see someone take it over,” he said of the rundown structure across Main from the theater that reopened in 2015. “I'd love to see another restaurant, or two more restaurants. With the theater now and the crowds we have on the weekends, we sure could use another place to eat.”
Westmoreland County's land bank, working with Irwin officials, bought the three-story, brick building that used to house Major Tom's restaurant at a tax sale a few months ago. It is seeking offers.
“Really, we would like to have the property stay and be rehabilitated” rather than torn down, said Mary Benko, Irwin's borough manager. “We don't want another empty spot on Main Street.”
John Cassandro, general manager of the Lamp Theatre. The first floor of the structure across the street from the theater was a restaurant, but it's been vacant for several years. Photo by Dan Speicher
Western Pennsylvania began to suffer massive population losses almost four decades ago as large industrial employers closed, and thousands of commercial buildings and homes deteriorated or were left vacant.
Local leaders, using new state tools such as land banks and their own initiatives, have stepped up efforts in recent years to prevent properties from becoming blighted, or fix up or tear down long decaying, tax-delinquent buildings that can threaten neighbors' safety and property values as well as a town's image.
“We've reached a tipping point in many of these communities, where economic decline, stagnant wages and people losing their jobs are hurting the ability of people to buy and fix up” older properties, Harrison Commissioner Charles Dizard said.
“Added to that, older people are dying or moving into assisted living and properties are not being sold to new, owner-occupant folks who have enough money to maintain them.”
Harrison razed three dilapidated structures in 2016 and, with grants it secured, could tear down another five to six this year, Dizard said.
The township cuts grass and otherwise does basic cleanup on about 40 abandoned properties.
Hoping to ramp up rental unit inspections and better enforce property codes, Harrison officials also are considering adding two zoning and ordinance workers for a total of four in that department, Dizard said.
A former restaurant and apartment building at 207 Main St. in Irwin. Photo by Dan Speicher
Common problem, solution
Phyllis Chamberlain, executive director of the Housing Alliance of Pennsylvania, said northeastern Allegheny County communities, including Harrison and Tarentum, and those in Westmoreland County have become “pretty active” in trying to find answers.
“Blight is such a common problem. I've found that local elected officials generally make this one of their top priorities because they see how devastating it is on the community and the economy,” said Chamberlain, whose Harrisburg-based lobbying organization focuses on issues such as blight, home ownership and housing policies.
Lindsay Fraser of Harrison Township's zoning office talks with Natrona resident Cathy Zandarski while viewing a condemned structure on Pine Street. Photo by Louis B. Ruediger
Statewide, 15 land banks that allow local leaders to acquire blighted properties, improve and resell them, have been created since a state law authorizing them was passed in 2012.
Westmoreland County's land bank, created in October 2014, has acquired 67 parcels through tax sales or donations by individual owners or banks.
Of those, 28 are available, 37 were sold and two were leased for a community garden effort in Jeannette, said April Kopas, executive director of the land bank run through the county's redevelopment authority.
Westmoreland's initiative is one of the few land banks thus far that has bought and sold properties, according to Kopas.
Communities pay $5,000 to join, work with the county to identify properties for the land bank to acquire and keep the grass cut and otherwise handle basic maintenance.
Then, for five years after selling a property, the land bank will collect half the real estate taxes paid, she said.
Twenty of Westmoreland County's 65 municipalities are land bank members. Allegheny Township is the newest member, after joining early this year.
Westmoreland County's land bank owns the property at 207 Main St in Irwin. Photo by Dan Speicher
More urban=more blight
In Allegheny County, the Tri-COG Collaborative land bank could acquire its first 10 to 15 properties through tax sales or donations starting this summer, said An Lewis, executive director.
So far, 21 municipalities and six school districts belong. Most are in the Mon Valley and eastern suburbs, but Etna, Millvale and Sharpsburg in the Route 28 corridor also are members.
Allegheny County Council's decision last summer to join the effort is vital, Lewis said, because all three local taxing bodies' approval is needed to clear liens on properties offered for sale through the land bank.
A nine-member board of directors OK'd a $600,000 budget at its first meeting in March, she said, and member communities are being asked to suggest properties to target.
“Countywide, based on our work, almost 100,000 properties are affected by blight,” Lewis said. “Some are abandoned, and some are occupied but in bad shape.”
A condemned house along Pine Street in Harrison's Natrona neighborhood is scheduled for demolition this year. Photo by Louis B. Ruediger
Property inspections, policing, maintenance and razing the worst structures cost 41 municipalities in the Tri-COG area — the Steel Rivers, Turtle Creek Valley and Twin Rivers councils of government — a combined $10.7 million a year, a 2013 study on the cost of blight found.
The towns also lose out on $8.6 million annually in tax revenue.
“One of the things happening as of late is a recognition that blight is in a lot of places” and not just former industrial towns, Lewis said, adding the COGs have tackled the issue in earnest for five years.
“When there's a property that is not being taken care of on your street, it affects your home value even if your home is in terrific shape,” she said.
More local powers
In addition to taking part in land banks, communities also now have expanded powers to lien property owners' assets and become conservators to improve blighted properties, through legislative changes in recent years.
And one new state law allows counties to collect fees of up to $15 when deeds and mortgages are recorded to build a fund for demolition of blighted properties.
Cambria, Lawrence, Cameron and Delaware counties have opted in so far, and Dauphin officials are considering it, said Tim Joyce, chief of staff for Sen. Jim Brewster, D-McKeesport, one of the sponsors.
Gina Cerilli, chairwoman of the Westmoreland County commissioners, said she's considered the fee and “would like to see the proceeds distributed through the office of the county commissioners directly.”
Westmoreland County could collect around $385,000 a year with a $15 fee, for example, based on research by the office of state Sen. David Argall, R-Schuylkill and Berks counties, that uses 2014 data.
Through Allegheny County's Vacant Property Recovery Program, 54 properties in nine communities were sold to new owners between 2012 and 2016.
Most of the sites, less than an acre each, were to become new side yards for homes, information provided by the county said.
Potential buyers can file applications for sites that have been tax-delinquent for at least three years in 68 municipalities, including 14 Alle-Kiski Valley towns such as East Deer, Frazer, Harrison, Tarentum and West Deer. The county acquires, then resells them.
Doing it themselves
Communities also are becoming more aggressive.
Tarentum set aside $50,000 for demolitions this year, and is seeking grants to do more. The borough, with about 75 abandoned buildings, has a list of more than 20 structures to tear down in coming years.
“It's just asking for crime” to leave them standing, said council Vice President Erika Josefoski. “I don't want to give people anywhere to go and hide or get hurt.”
The borough now mandates that landlords live within 40 miles of rental properties, or hire managers.
Tarentum also adopted a property maintenance ordinance in September that allows offenders to be fined $100 to $600, depending on the violation.
“If the grass isn't cut, we issue a ticket and, if it's corrected in a certain time” the fine is forgiven, Josefoski said. “We don't want to punish people. The goal is not to make money but to solve the issue.”
Council also is considering joining the Tri-COG land bank.
Jeannette acquired 20 parcels from tax sales or donations, razed two structures on them and put 12 others on a demolition list. Most will be torn down this year, city Manager Michael Nestico said, adding the money will come from several sources.
Two “good, sound structures” could be sold to new owners, including a former Italian grocery, he added.
“Our blight stems greatly from the fact that we are a very old, developed city,” Nestico said. “We have glass (industry) houses, factory houses, row houses that were situated for the factory and mill workers that used to be in Jeannette.”
Those century-old, densely placed homes are less desirable than similar ones near Pittsburgh, he said, so many have become vacant and deteriorated. Jeannette also has a blight task force, with several city officials, that is studying sections of downtown, and is ramping up code enforcement, Nestico said.
New Kensington assistant fire chief Ed Saliba Jr. evaluates the scene of a fire at 10th Street and Fourth Avenue in New Kensington on March 31. The abandoned building twice has been damaged in arson cases, a reason officials want to tear down such structures. Louis B. Ruediger
New Kensington officials are pushing for emergency approvals to tear down three adjoining buildings on 10th Street, including one damaged by arson in 2014 and again on March 30. The city hopes to have those structures, plus four others, demolished by summer, said Frank Tosto, executive director of the city's redevelopment authority.
Since 2007, New Kensington has razed 59 blighted structures, spending $595,000, Tosto said. Currently, $144,000 is earmarked for upcoming demolitions.
Arnold keeps up about 80 abandoned properties — most of which were foreclosed on or were signed over to the city, said Rick Rayburg, community development director.
“Most of what we're doing is just to keep them clean and cut the grass. We aren't doing maintenance,” he said, adding that some properties are on a demolition list but the city has limited federal dollars to spend on demolitions.
“If you live in a city and an abandoned property is next to you, people try to get in them for various reasons and it's more receptive to criminal activity,” he said.
Arnold tears down seven to 10 blighted buildings in a typical year, but this year is working to acquire and raze the old Hitching Post tavern, with upstairs residential units, and an adjacent building on Fifth Avenue.
“It's in bad shape,” Rayburg said of the Hitching Post, which closed about a decade ago. The roof has partially collapsed into the second floor, he said.
The former Eisenberg's department store in Monessen is being converted to a 13-unit apartment building by the Mon Valley Initiative. Photo by Dan Speicher
Monessen moving forward
In Monessen, Eisenberg's department store once was a hub for shoppers. But, in the 20 years after it closed in 1997, the red brick building on Schoonmaker Avenue suffered extensive water damage from a deteriorating roof.
The Homestead-based Mon Valley Initiative took the store, built in 1915-16, as a donation and is spending $2.3 million to divide it into 13 apartments on four levels. They should be completed by the end of May, said Patrick Shattuck, real estate director.
There's a “robust waiting list” of potential tenants, Shattuck said, and rents will range from $405 to $620 based on the unit size and tenant income restriction.
Pastor Sandy Fitzgibbons and members of the United Methodist Church of Monessen, across the street, hope the new Eisenberg Apartments will be a step forward.
“It's been sitting empty for so many years and in that part of town, there's been nothing there,” Fitzgibbons said of the building, adding she avoids holding nighttime programs for the mostly older church members.
Dillon Jolly, 21, of Scenery Hill works on wiring the old Eisenberg's. Photo by Dan Speicher
Mayor Lou Mavrakis estimates blight mars as many as 400 homes and 35 downtown buildings in the city, where home buyers struggling to pay debts often just leave.
“I've gone into homes in Monessen where food is still on the table,” Mavrakis said.
Tax-delinquent houses draw no interest at foreclosure sales because of liens that must be paid, he said, and after a decade or so the city often ends up with the property.
“What are we supposed to do with it, without any money?” said Mavrakis, who criticizes federal officials for providing only about $75,000 a year in grants for demolitions.
Monessen, about $13.5 million in debt, has torn down about 20 buildings since 2014, he said.
The Mon Valley Initiative, in addition to the Eisenberg's project, renovated two homes in Monessen recently and has helped income-eligible buyers in that city and elsewhere with a program that offers $10,000 in down-payment and closing cost assistance, Shattuck said.
Kim Leonard is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach her at 724-226-4674, kleonard@tribweb.com or @KimLeonardTrib.
Cathy and Tom Borneman, owners of Brady Street True Value, want to sell the real estate for what they believe is a fair price and retire. Credit: Gary Porter
SHARE Tom and Cathy Borneman have owned Brady Street True Value for 22 years. The last several years haven't been good, she said, and the average sale is less than $8. Gary Porter Bars and restaurants are some of the main businesses on Brady St. The owners of Brady Street True Value are closing their struggling store. A potential buyer who planned to put a tavern in the retail space has met resistance from neighborhood merchants. Gary Porter
By of the
The imminent closing of a hardware store on Brady St., a beloved but struggling neighborhood fixture, has put a spotlight on differing visions for the future of one of Milwaukee's most distinctive commercial strips.
Taking one view are the owners of Brady Street True Value, and the building it occupies, who want to sell the real estate for what they believe is a fair price, and retire.
Joining them is a willing buyer eager to purchase the three-story residential and commercial property — if he can fill the ground floor with a tenant that pays what he believes the space is worth.
On the other hand are neighborhood merchants and residents who want to see another retail store in the building, maybe a restaurant, and definitely not a tavern.
But that's exactly what would-be buyer Dominion Properties had lined up — the third Milwaukee-area location of Camp Bar, a Northwoods concept tavern that has proved popular in the suburbs, and which Dominion principal Michael O'Connor viewed as a perfect fit for Brady St. and its bustling night life scene.
Scratch that idea.
"Talked with the merchants' association," O'Connor said, "and they basically expressed it would happen over their dead bodies....They don't want another bar on Brady Street, which makes absolutely no sense."
But Ald. Nik Kovac and the president of the Brady Street Area Association, which includes residents and businesspeople, beg to differ.
Association members attending a meeting last week opposed O'Connor's plan — they want daytime retail in the space — and Kovac agrees.
"It's basically a nonstarter, to turn a hardware store into a bar," Kovac said. "It doesn't surprise me that they reacted that way."
O'Connor, whose company owns some 300 residential units on the east side and on the North Shore, is "an excellent developer," Kovac said, but Brady St. already has plenty of bars, and the interest of the whole area must be considered.
"So then the next question," Kovac said, "is what else to put there. And I told Michael my first choice is a hardware store; my choices two through 20 are other kinds of retail."
That, say O'Connor and Cathy Borneman, the sixtysomething co-owner of the True Value and its building, is unrealistic. "Brady Street really isn't a retail place, it just isn't," Borneman said.
She and her husband, Tom, have owned the business for 22 years. The last several, she said, haven't been good.
"After 2008...people stopped buying," Borneman said.
Hardware is a challenging business — stores in Oak Creek and downtown Milwaukee also recently announced closings — and even more challenging is a space like the Bornemans'. It's 3,600 square feet. The U.S. average is nearly 10,000.
The average sale at Brady Street True Value, Borneman said, is less than $8. The national average: $20.
Customers "buy little things, but nobody ever buys anything to support us," or at least, not enough, Borneman said.
Besides the hardware store, the 128-year-old building has eight apartments of 793 to 1,057 square feet. The property is assessed at $798,000.
The economics of the area all but require that the street-level space be used for a tavern or restaurant, O'Connor indicated.
"If I put in another hardware store or a wallpaper shop or a yarn store or something like that, they're going to be able to pay me $700, $800 a month — that's it — whereas a bar is $5,000, $6,000 a month," he said. "That's the difference between my buying the building and not buying the building."
Brady St. has a rich history as the heart of Polish and Italian enclaves, with the latter influence enduring in the popular Glorioso's Italian Market and Peter Sciortino's Bakery. It was the main street of Milwaukee hippiedom in the late '60s, ushering in more than two decades of decline that left the area a bit seedy and pocked by blight.
Things started to turn around in the early to mid '90s, with investment by Julilly Kohler and others, said Frank Alioto, a Milwaukee Fire Department battalion chief, neighborhood historian and longtime resident.
With the revival came a reawakening of night life, which since has become the dominant note along the more densely packed section of Brady east of Humboldt Ave. The area business improvement district's website prominently heralds Brady St. as "one of Milwaukee's hottest entertainment districts."
The question is whether retail stores can thrive, too, and opinions of area merchants differ.
Judy Kallberg says yes. She has owned the jewelry and clothing shop Uncommon Items for 15 years and is doing well.
"I think there's still room for more retail," Kallberg said, "and I think it's going to get better and better as the economy improves."
Annette French, owner of Dragonfly, which sells a mix of new and secondhand clothing, furniture and other items, and has been on Brady since 2000, isn't so optimistic.
"It's pretty bleak, actually," she said. "We're down anywhere between 30% and 50% from previous years."
French said she could appreciate the impulse to hold out for retail in the True Value space, but pointed to several other shops that have come and gone along the street, including three that were in the same development as Kallberg's store.
"I'd like to see more retail, but I just don't think it's going to happen," French said.
Mari Cucunato said she, too, has been struggling at her flower shop, Mari's, just two doors down from the True Value.
"I know that everybody wants retail, because I'm actually on a lot of committees," she said. "They want retail, but we're in an entertainment area."
O'Connor is now looking for a restaurant. That's a possibility, but even that "would be a close call," Kovac said.
Teresa Morton, owner of Frame & Fabric framing shop and president of the Brady Street Area Association, said the group probably would view a restaurant more favorably than a tavern, "but again, the real desire is more so for something other than a restaurant or a bar."
Borneman, who of course has an interest in selling her property for a good price, thinks that some existing bar owners want to wall out competition. Morton disputed that, saying people want a neighborhood that blends business and residential.
"I understand people want to shape the neighborhood," Borneman said. "But in the same sense, this neighborhood is shaping what's here."
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leighton Baines has lifted the lid on Everton's troubles by admitting: 'There's no chemistry between the players right now'.
The Blues slumped to a third successive Premier League defeat on Sunday, as they lost 1-0 at Manchester United.
In a typically honest assessment of Everton's plight, Baines says the players have let the Blues fans down and that FA Cup success is the only way to repay their support.
The left-back admits Everton's season now hinges on their semi-final at Wembley later this month but insists that performances and results in the Premier League games either side do matter.
But Baines says that if the Blues are to drag themselves out of this rut then and take some form into the FA Cup then they players quickly need to rediscover their understanding with each other.
“You are only really secure as individuals when you are winning games but even then we will make changes from time to time with what is required tactically,” Baines told the ECHO.
“I don't think there is anyone expecting to have their name pencilled in for that game (FA Cup semi-final).”
“But the motivation should be getting your name there,” he added.
“I just don't feel as though the chemistry is quite there with the team on the pitch at the moment, and it hasn't been for a while.
“We are maybe leaning too heavily on individuals to come up with something.
“We're in games, we were in the game on Sunday and had a couple of chances, but we're not performing as a team to the level we know we can or we should be.
“Results have an impact on that because chemistry and confidence go hand in hand, if you start winning games.
“Look at the teams who are having success this year and you'd say they have chemistry.
“If I had to say one thing, I just don't know if it's there with us at the moment, for whatever reason.”
Everton are languishing in 12th in the table, on 38 points, with eight games remaining.
The Blues' home form has been wretched this season but they have fared much better on the road.
But after a limp display, they fell to a second away defeat in the league of the campaign at Old Trafford on Sunday.
“It's another game where we have come away without a win and we're not where we should be,” Baines said.
“We haven't won enough games to make excuses.
“You get judged at the end of the season, and we're getting towards the end of the season, and we're not near a position we should be in given what we've got.
“We're all accountable. We try and put it right but we've not been able to. That's the third loss on the bounce in the league which is disappointing to us all.
“We want to win everytime we go out to play and we'd like to go into that cup game with a few wins behind us.
“That's our season in some respects now, it certainly is from the fans' point of view and we've let them down a lot, it's our only way of making it up to them.
“To go on and have success in the Cup now. You had the travelling fans there again on Sunday and they are amazing, they follow us wherever we go and generally they have seen us win a few games this season but unfortunately we weren't able to give them the result or performance we wanted to."
Some strong evidence suggests the SFPD isn't telling the truth — but the chief continues to defend the two officers who shot the 20-year-old immigrant in the back
By Tim Redmond
JUNE 3, 2015 – On February 26, 2015, a 20-year-old man named Amilcar Perez Lopez was shot and killed by two San Francisco police officers. The Police Department quickly said the shooting was justified, that Perez Lopez had lunged at the officers with a knife after attempting to steal a bicycle.
That's still what the department says.
But there's mounting evidence that the SFPD scenario is not only unlikely; it's impossible. An autopsy conducted by a private medical examiner, which I have read, shows that the young man was shot repeatedly – in the back.
I have been covering police shootings for more than two decades, and I have yet to find an instance where any legitimate law-enforcement agency or expert has said it's justified to shoot a fleeing suspect in the back.
And it's hard to think of a credible scenario in which a suspect who was lunging forward at two officers with a knife could wind up with five bullet wounds in the back and one in the side of his arm.
So something is wrong with the official story. But while the case attracted a flurry of media reports at the time, and got some basic one-day stories when the family filed a federal lawsuit, the attention has mostly died down.
Still, there's good reason to be concerned about the Perez Lopez case. And interestingly, the best story on it so far comes not from any local paper, but from the UK Guardian, which yesterday ran an in-depth report challenging much of the official line on the case.
(By some accounts, the British paper is doing a better job of covering US police shootings than the American press. The UK Guardian has certainly done a better job than any SF daily on this story.)
Let's look at the contrasting accounts, and see which might actually make sense.
According to Police Chief Greg Suhr, who has stood by his initial accounts, Perez Lopez was attempting to steal a bicycle from another man around 9:45pm. He was armed with a knife. Somebody called 911, and two police officers, on duty but not in uniform, responded.
The two, later identified in the lawsuit as Craig Tiffe and Eric Riboli, reported that they ordered Perez Lopez to drop the knife, and he charged them.
“The officers, as they are only allowed to fire in defense of themselves or others, felt that one of those situations was in play,” Suhr said.
Eyewitness accounts contradict that, and there is some evidence that Lopez Perez, who spoke little English, might not have understood what the officers were saying and might not have known them as cops. By one account, they accosted him and one officer held him in a bear hug before he broke free and started running away.
The issue of the possible bicycle theft isn't really relevant. You can't shoot someone legally for the crime of bicycle theft. The standard, held by almost all legit police departments in the country, is pretty much what Suhr articulated – police officers can use deadly force only when they reasonably believe there is a physical danger to themselves or others.
According to the lawsuit, filed April 21:
Amilcar Perez Lopez was walking to his apartment when he was confronted by a man, who began following and taunting him. An altercation ensued between the man and Amilcar. The altercation subsided and Amilcar began walking northbound on the east sidewalk of Folsom St. As he walked home, officer Tiffe and Officer Riboli surreptitiously rushed at Amilcar from behind. One of the officers … secured a bear hug around Amilcar's petite upper body. … Amilcar was not able to determine that the men were police officers. Amilcar broke free by wriggling out from the officers hold. Amilcar fled toward the street between two vehicles. As he fled from them, Officers Tiffe and Riboli pointed their firearms … one of the officers fired fired five bullets into Amilcar's back and the other fired one bullet into the back of Amilcar's head.
The autopsy clearly backs up the idea that Lopez Perez was shot from behind, possibly while fleeing, and wasn't in the process of attacking the two officers.
The autopsy was done by Dr. A. J. Chapman, a forensic pathologist in Santa Rosa. He was working with a body that had already been cut open and examined by the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office – but the SF coroner is so far behind on cases that it takes several months or more before official autopsy reports are released.
So this is all the data we have.
Chapman's report, which the lawyers representing the family shared with me, reflects mostly the dry, clinical language of a professional pathologist. He freely acknowledges that the results should be seen as provisional, since the body he was working on had already been dissected.
But there's not much confusion among experts between an entrance wound and an exit wound in these kinds of shootings, and his conclusion that all of the shots came from behind is pretty clear.
He notes under the cause of death:
Gunshot wounds to back: three penetrating, one perforating. b. Gunshot wound perforating, right arm. c. Gunshot wound, perforating, to head.
The diagram accompanying the autopsy is also pretty clear. The shots came from behind.
In photos taken right after the shooting by a neighbor, you can see the body of Perez Lopez on the ground between two cars. You can also see what appears to be a knife with a white handle a few feet away in the street.
That might suggest a lot of things – he had tossed the knife, he was still carrying it when he was shot and it fell forward – but it doesn't suggest that he was wielding it and approaching the officers.
Why else would he have been shot in the back? Sometimes, the police say that a suspect was shot once in the front, and then somehow, because of the force of the bullet or some other factor, was spun around before the officers could stop shooting, thus explaining shots in the back.
(Or it's conceivable the two officers could have surrounded the suspect, who rushed at one of them, and the other fired, hoping to hit the suspect and not miss and kill his partner. Nobody is suggesting that scenario.)
In this case, the autopsy shows no shots to the front of the body. There's one in the arm that could have come from the side, although the autopsy noted that “all gunshots pass forward in the body.”
I'm just going to take a guess here, but I suspect the city, once all the evidence is in, will settle the lawsuit. The damages will provide some sort of justice to the family, and will help replace the lost income. Lopez Perez was working in the US to send money back to his mother in Guatemala, and his support helped her get electricity and running water.
But that leaves the question of the two officers hanging. It's interesting that Suhr immediately exonerated them, before any full investigation was complete. Police public affairs won't comment any further on this case.
At some point, the city's official autopsy will be released, and if it confirms what the private findings are, the chief will have a hard time justifying his original statement.
That's something the department, the Police Commission, the news media and the community should continue to watch.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
A hundred years ago, any soapbox orator who called for women's suffrage, laws protecting the environment, an end to lynching, workers' right to form unions, a progressive income tax, a federal minimum wage, old-age insurance, the eight-hour workday and government-subsidized healthcare would be considered an impractical utopian dreamer or a dangerous socialist. Now we take these ideas for granted. The radical ideas of one generation are often the common sense of the next. When that happens, give credit to the activists and movements that fought to take those ideas from the margins to the mainstream. We all stand on the shoulders of earlier generations of radicals and reformers who challenged the status quo of their day. Ad Policy
Unfortunately, most Americans know little of this progressive history. It isn't taught in most high schools. You can't find it on the major television networks or even on the History Channel. Indeed, our history is under siege. In popular media, the most persistent interpreter of America's radical past is Glenn Beck, who teaches viewers a wildly inaccurate history of unions, civil rights and the American left. Beck argues, for example, that the civil rights movement "has been perverted and distorted" by people claiming that Martin Luther King Jr. supported "redistribution of wealth." In fact, King did call for a "radical redistribution of economic power." Using his famous chalkboard, Beck draws connections between various people and organizations, and defines them as radicals, Marxists, socialists, revolutionaries, leftists, progressives or social justice activists—all of which leads inexorably to Barack Obama. Drawing on writings by conspiracy theorists and white supremacists, Beck presents a misleading version of America's radical family tree. Related Article Slide Show: The Fifty Most Influential Progressives of the Twentieth Century Peter Dreier
Many historians, including Howard Zinn in his classic A People's History of the United States and Eric Foner in The Story of American Freedom, have chronicled the story of America's utopians, radicals and reformers. Every generation needs to retell this story, reinterpret it and use it to help shape the present and future. Unless Americans know this history, they'll have little understanding of how far we've come, how we got here and how progress was made by a combination of grassroots movements and reformers.
Progressive change happens from the bottom up, as Zinn argued. But movements need leaders as well as rank-and-file activists. Movement leaders make strategic choices that help win victories. These choices involve mobilizing people, picking and framing issues, training new leaders, identifying opportunities, conducting research, recruiting allies, using the media, negotiating with opponents and deciding when to engage in protest and civil disobedience, lobbying, voting and other strategies.
This list includes fifty people—listed chronologically in terms of their early important accomplishments—who helped change America in a more progressive direction during the twentieth century by organizing movements, pushing for radical reforms and popularizing progressive ideas. They are not equally famous, but they are all leaders who spurred others to action. Most were not single-issue activists but were involved in broad crusades for economic and social justice, revealing the many connections among different movements across generations. Most were organizers and activists, but the list includes academics, lawyers and Supreme Court justices, artists and musicians who also played important roles in key movements.
The list includes people who spent most of their lives as activists for change—long-distance runners, not sprinters. Many of them were born in the nineteenth century but gained prominence in the twentieth. Some important activists who lived into the twentieth century but whose major achievements occurred in the previous century—such as labor organizer Mary Harris "Mother" Jones; environmentalist John Muir; African-American journalist, feminist and anti-lynching crusader Ida B. Wells; agrarian Populist leader Mary Lease; and Knights of Labor leader Terence Powderly—are not included.
Although many politicians were important allies of progressive movements—including Senator (and Governor) Robert La Follette; Senators Robert Wagner, Paul Douglas and Paul Wellstone; Congress members Victor Berger, Jeannette Rankin, Vito Marcantonio, Bella Abzug and Phil Burton; Mayors Tom Johnson, Fiorello LaGuardia and Harold Washington; as well as Presidents Franklin Roosevelt and (for his domestic social programs) Lyndon Johnson—the list excludes elected officials. (Eugene Debs, Harvey Milk and Tom Hayden, who were elected to public office, are included because they made their reputations primarily as activists.)
A few of the people on the list expressed views, at some point in their lives, that progressives consider objectionable, such as Margaret Sanger's endorsement of eugenics, Earl Warren's support for rounding up Japanese-Americans during World War II, Bayard Rustin's support for the Vietnam War and Jackie Robinson's attack on Paul Robeson. They made mistakes, which may be understandable in historical context, but which should be acknowledged as part of their lives and times.
There is, of course, much room for dispute about who belongs on the list—who is missing and who might be replaced. This listing is simply a starting point for further debate and discussion, which we invite you to join.
Editor's Note: Check out a slide show of Peter Dreier's lists —in chronological order, complete with photographs, links to articles from the Nation archive and suggested readings.
There is, of course, much room for dispute about who belongs on the list. We see this list simply as a starting point for debate and we're asking readers to nominate names we missed, which we'll prominently post as well. With your help we also hope to begin a list of notable progressive of the twenty-first century. Submit your nominations here!
ANKAWA , Iraq, June 27 (UPI) -- The predominately Christian town of Qaraqosh, Iraq, was attacked by invading militants, forcing thousands of Iraqi Christians to become refugees -- an indication of the devastation the fighting has inflicted upon the native Christian population.
Although Kurdish forces, with help from Christian militias, kept the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria from overtaking the town Thursday, the majority of residents fled to Ankawa, a Christian town near the Kurdish capital of Erbil.
Iraq's Christian community of about 500,000 people is one-third smaller than in 2003, and most reside in the northern region of the country controlled by Kurds. Qaraqosh was seen as among the last refuges for Christians, outside the more secular Kurdish-controlled area.
"This is the last wave," said local priest Father Rayan Atto at a hastily-organized refugee center near Ankawa. "Qaraqosh was the second city for Christians after Ainkawa, and now they are here. Think about it."
In Mosul, a major Iraqi city which fell to ISIS militants earlier in June, remaining Christians were ordered to pay a tax of $250 or leave the city. There are also fears churches and an ancient monastery there are at risk. The ISIS assault has removed any thought Christians were safe in the region.
Image copyright AFP Image caption President Hollande gave the couple posthumous awards
French President Francois Hollande has paid tribute to the police couple murdered this week by a man who pledged allegiance to Islamic State (IS).
Hundreds of police officers stood in front of the coffins of commander Jean-Baptiste Salvaing and his partner Jessica Schneider, who died on Monday.
Mr Hollande said further measures would be taken to protect police officers.
But when the president filed past the front row, one policeman refused to shake his hand.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption As the French president pays tribute to the police force at a ceremony for the police couple murdered by a jihadist, one policeman does not shake his hand.
Hundreds of uniformed police officers and firefighters took part in the ceremony in the prefecture of Versailles, the region where the couple lived and worked.
In an emotional speech, Mr Hollande said Mr Salvaing and Ms Schneider were "everyday heroes" who were killed because they made the "perilous choice" to defend their country.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Jessica Schneider was an administrative agent for the police force; Jean-Baptiste Salvaing was a police commander
The pair were posthumously awarded the Legion of Honour.
Mr Hollande promised to take measures to guarantee the anonymity of officers and he said police would be allowed permanently to carry their guns when off duty.
They have been allowed to do so on a temporary basis, since the Paris attacks in November, in which 130 people were killed.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption In a video put online by IS, Larossi Abballa was shown confessing to Monday's killings
"Police and gendarmes must be given the means to defend themselves when they are not on duty," he said, adding: "We must also avoid police and gendarmes being identified and targeted by criminals they have jailed, or their accomplices."
Investigators are looking into whether the couple's attacker, 25-year-old Larossi Abballa, knew his victims.
Image copyright EPA Image caption President Hollande, flanked by his interior and prime ministers, files past the ranks of police officers
At the ceremony, the president and prime minister moved along the front row, shaking hands with officers but one policeman kept his hand down.
The man looked straight ahead without shaking the president's or prime minister's hands.
'I've had enough'
Mr Hollande moved on, but Prime Minister Manuel Valls was seen engaging the man in brief conversation after his handshake was rejected.
Interviewed on French television channel TF1 afterwards, the police officer, who was not named, said: "There are too many problems in the police. We've had enough."
He said in Mantes-la-Jolie, west of Paris, police had only three vehicles for 40 staff.
Analysts say France's police force has been overstretched because of the security situation after the Paris attacks.
It has also had to deal with months of violent anti-government protests in which dozens of officers have suffered injuries.
Paris police chief Michel Cadot recently wrote to the interior minister, complaining that officers were "exhausted" even before the Euro 2016 football tournament started.
In the past week, forces around France have also had to deal with a minority of violent and heavy-drinking fans, who have fought police and each other.
Three people were killed early Wednesday in a head-on collision between a car and a tractor-trailer on Route 8, near Fredericton.
RCMP Const. Jullie Rogers-Marsh said the accident occurred shortly after midnight in the Penniac area and appears to be weather related.
"We believe that weather and road conditions may have been factors that caused the fatal accident, however the investigation is still ongoing," she said.
The victims were a 41-year-old woman from the Fredericton area, a 23-year-old man from Minto and a 23-year-old man from Durham Bridge. They were all pronounced dead at the scene.
A 19-year-old woman from Fredericton survived the crash and was taken to hospital with relatively minor injuries.
The tractor-trailer driver was not seriously injured.
The accident happened shortly after midnight and closed the road for several hours.
It was reopened to traffic around 6 a.m. on Wednesday.
'President Obama has decided this election will be a referendum on amnesty,' Cruz says. Cruz wants vote on Obama orders
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) called on lawmakers to use “any and all means necessary” — including must-pass government funding measures — to block President Barack Obama from taking executive action on immigration.
The tea party hero, who aggressively pushed the anti-Obamacare strategy that spurred last year's 16-day government shutdown, has seized on immigration executive moves from the Obama administration as the root cause of the border crisis this summer.
Story Continued Below
Although Obama said this weekend that he would delay any executive actions on immigration until the end of the year, Cruz indicated Tuesday that he still wanted to target the issue this month.
“I think we should use any and all means necessary to prevent the president from illegally granting amnesty,” Cruz said when asked Tuesday whether he wants to include such provisions in a continuing resolution to fund the federal government. “That certainly, I think, would be appropriate to include in the CR, but I think we should use every – every – tool at our disposal.”
The comments from the junior Texas senator came at a news conference when several conservative lawmakers from both chambers gathered to criticize Obama's executive actions on immigration – both past and potential future orders.
“President Obama has decided this election will be a referendum on amnesty,” Cruz said, referring to the White House's move to punt the immigration executive action until after the midterm elections, following concerns from several vulnerable Senate Democrats.
Cruz has introduced legislation to strip taxpayer funds from being used to expand the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program – a 2012 initiative from the Obama administration that stopped deporting hundreds of thousands of young undocumented immigrants with longstanding ties to the United States. And before leaving for the August recess, the Republican-led House passed a measure that essentially gutted DACA, which would subject nearly 600,000 so-called Dreamers to deportation.
The senator, who is mulling a presidential run in 2016, declined to answer whether he would oppose the CR if such an immigration provision was not included, saying he would rather wait to see the details of the bill.
There's little evidence the same scenario as last fall's shutdown will prevail this year; lawmakers largely want little drama before heading back home to campaign for the midterms. In fact, much of the shutdown talk has come from Democrats who see the issue as a potential political winner.
Still, Cruz was largely credited – or blamed – for the shutdown last year, and he carries an influential role with House Republicans.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) declined to entertain the prospects of adding immigration measures to the funding bill, deferring to the House. But Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) responded: “If I have anything to do with it, no, no, no” when asked about Cruz's statement.
“They have every right to do whatever they want legislatively,” Reid said, referring to Cruz, Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) and Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), who accompanied Cruz's news conference. “If they want to be the lead team of shutting down the government, that's what they're going to have to do.”
Cruz has also become a major target of immigration advocates.
As he left the news conference in the Capitol Hill, a crowd of young demonstrators — identified as so-called Dreamers — had gathered to protest Cruz. One young woman, being held back by a Capitol Police officer, shouted to the senator: “Why do you want to deport me and my mother?”
“Dreamers fought for and won DACA,” said Greisa Martinez, national field organizer for United We Dream, the activist group that organized the protest against Cruz and in Reid's office on Tuesday. “We will confront any politician at every corner who stands in the way of our freedom and the freedom of our parents, who is a Sen. Cruz would be content deporting.”
Burgess Everett contributed to this report.
"We have saved the snuff," public health minister Maria Larsson said after Friday's EU meeting in Luxemburg.
The meeting had been seen as something of a judgement day for moist snuff for which Sweden secured a key EU opt out when it signed up to the union in 1994.
The government had previously given up its fight to allow Sweden to export the smokeless tobacco product across the EU and this new battle was billed as decisive for the future of the product in Sweden.
The EU commission had previously sought to regulate the tobacco content and flavours of moist snuff as part of a new EU tobacco directive designed to restrict use of tobacco products and protect young people.
Maria Larsson welcomed these aspects of the directive.
"Firstly, I am very happy that we have got a new tobacco directive where there is such a strong and broad agreement among European countries to do everything we can to protect children and youth from starting to use tobacco products."
"And the other thing I'm happy for is that we have actually saved the snuff and may decide the content, product marketing, ingredients and distinctive flavours."
Many Swedish snus manufacturers have added aromas in recent years. General brand snus has bergamot orange flavouring while Göteborgs Rapé has a taste of juniper berries.
Other new types of snus have been introduced recently which feature different types of mint, liquorice and eucalyptus flavours.
The new tobacco directive will require more written warnings as well as off-putting pictures to be placed on packaging but the EU has previously retreated from a demand that all cigarettes be sold in uniform packaging.
The directive will now be considered by the European Parliament's Health and Environment Committee in July, after which the EU Parliament will review it at its session in Strasbourg in September.
Moist snuff manufacturer Swedish Match responded with caution to Friday's news.
"For us it is a bit early to draw conclusions about what the consequences are. We would like to see the proposal in its entirety before we conduct an analysis," said communications director Patrik Hildingsson.
The Cleveland Cavaliers have acquired center Timofey Mozgov from the Denver Nuggets.
The Cavs, who have been in discussions with the Nuggets for Mozgov for months, are paying a steep price by sending two protected first-round picks to get the deal done. The Cavs will send a future pick they own from the Memphis Grizzlies from a 2013 trade and a first-rounder they acquired from the Oklahoma City Thunder earlier this week in a deal involving Dion Waiters. In addition to Mozgov, the Cavs also get a 2015 second-round pick in return.
"It was a deal that we worked on for quite some time," Cavaliers GM David Griffin said. "We're very excited about this. It fits our needs."
The Nuggets (15-20) will clear money from their books and pick up a $4.6 million trade exception from the Cavs. The Thunder pick is top-18-protected this year and top-15-protected in each of the following years. The Grizzlies' pick will go to Denver if it falls between picks 6-14 in the next two years and is top-five-protected for two years after that.
"We came into this season expecting to be a playoff team. At this point, we're on the outside looking in," Nuggets general manager Tim Connelly told The Denver Post on Wednesday. "We probably have a couple weeks to change that, be relevant and view ourselves as a playoff-caliber team. I'm hopeful that's the case. But I'm also realistic to know, and honest enough with our team internally, to say: If in a couple weeks, if that's not the case, then we have a new reality.
"It's now or never. The disappointment is real with where we stand. We'll have all we need to know about this present roster within a few weeks."
Mozgov has a strong relationship with Cavs coach David Blatt, who was his coach on the Russian national team when it won a bronze medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. The Cavs' desire to get Mozgov increased after they lost Anderson Varejao for the season to a torn Achilles last month.
"Coach Blatt is extremely excited to have added Timofey, and I think that's something that's a great fit for all of us," Griffin said. "We get up here and we talk about this all the time. We talk about fit, we talk about taking time to grow together. ... His numbers didn't need to be flashy. We've got three guys that are top-20 players in the NBA. Those guys can be flashy. We need guys that do the dirt work."
The Cavs also targeted Mozgov, who is averaging 8.5 points and 7.8 rebounds this season, because he has a favorable team option worth $4.95 million next seasons.
It has been a busy week for the Cavs, as they have made two deals and acquired three significant rotation players. In addition to Mozgov, they got J.R. Smith and Iman Shumpert from the New York Knicks.
Paint Job With the recent loss of Anderson Varejao to a torn Achilles, Cleveland is in serious need of a rim protector, which is why a trade for Timofey Mozgov should help: Avg. NBA Rank Opp Paint PPG 44.2 23rd Opp Paint FG pct 56.1 T-27th Blocks PG 4.1 26th -- ESPN Stats & Information
Smith made his debut Wednesday night when the Cavs hosted the Rockets, but Shumpert is out for at least two more weeks with a shoulder injury. Mozgov is expected to join the Cavs on a five-game West Coast trip that begins Friday at Golden State.
"It's something that we need," LeBron James said of the team acquiring Mozgov. "It's something that once Andy went down, it was something obviously we needed to get bigger in the interior and adding a guy like that who can protect the rim, it will help our team as well. So, we'll see. Those are three pieces that can help us, but until we all get healthy and get on the floor together, we won't be able to know."
James missed his sixth straight game with back and knee strains Wednesday, but he may return during the Cavs' upcoming road trip.
In a separate move Wednesday, the Cavs waived guard A.J. Price, who had a nonguaranteed contract.
The move opens a roster spot to add a potential free agent. The Cavs have been one of numerous teams chasing free agent Ray Allen.
Information from ESPN.com's Dave McMenamin contributed to this report.
For the airport on Hilton Head Island in South Carolina, see Hilton Head Airport
"Travis Field" redirects here. For the stadium in Texas, see American Momentum Bank Ballpark
Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport[2] (IATA: SAV[3], ICAO: KSAV, FAA LID: SAV) is a commercial and military-use airport in Savannah, Georgia, United States. Owned by the City of Savannah and managed by the Savannah Airport Commission, Savannah/Hilton Head International is located seven nautical miles (8 mi, 13 km) northwest of the Savannah Historic District.[1] Its previous names include Savannah International Airport, Travis Field and Chatham Field. The airport's passenger terminal is directly accessible to Interstate 95 between Savannah and the suburban city of Pooler. Savannah/Hilton Head International is the chief commercial airport for Savannah, the Coastal Empire region of southeast Georgia and the Lowcountry of South Carolina, where the resort town of Hilton Head accounts for some 40 percent of total airport passenger traffic.[4][5]
This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a primary commercial service airport since it has over 10,000 passenger boardings (enplanements) per year.[6] U.S. Customs facilities are on the field and the airport are part of a Foreign Trade Zone.
In 2018, Savannah/Hilton Head International handled a record 2,799,526 commercial airline passengers (1,395,040 enplanements and 1,404,486 deplanements), a 13.4 percent increase over 2017.[7] It is second only to Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport as Georgia's busiest commercial airport.
The airport is patrolled by the Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport Police, who work with the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) to provide airport security.
Savannah/Hilton Head is served by Delta (and Delta Connection carrier Shuttle America), JetBlue, United Airlines, American Airlines, American Eagle, Air Canada, Allegiant Air and Sun Country Airlines. An information counter provides local information regarding tourist attractions in Savannah, Hilton Head, and most other coastal areas of Georgia and southern South Carolina.
The airport serves as world headquarters for Gulfstream Aerospace.[8] The Georgia Air National Guard's 165th Airlift Wing is also based at Savannah/Hilton Head International.
History [ edit ]
The first Savannah Municipal Airport was opened on September 20, 1929, with the inauguration of air service between New York City and Miami by Eastern Air Express. In 1932, a city resolution named the airport Hunter Field. A trolley car was used as the first terminal at Hunter Field in the mid-1930s. In 1940, the U.S. Army Air Corps proposed to take over Hunter Field if a war started. While commercial airlines continued to use Hunter Field, the city decided to build a second municipal airport in response to the increased military presence.
The City of Savannah acquired a 600-acre tract near Cherokee Hill, one of the highest elevations in the county, and construction of a new airfield began under a Works Progress Administration project. Three 3,600-foot runways were constructed running north–south, east–west, and northeast–southwest. In 1942, before the completion of this new airfield, the U.S. Army Air Corps decided to take over the new facility and start additional construction to carry out its mission. It named the airfield Chatham Field and used it until the end of World War II as a bomber base and crew training base for B-24 bombers as well as fighter aircraft.
In 1948, Chatham Army Airfield was turned over to the Georgia Air National Guard and the airport was renamed Travis Field, in honor of Savannah native Brigadier General. Robert F. Travis, killed in the crash of a B-29 bomber near Fairfield-Suisun AFB, California, and his brother, Colonel William Travis. To accommodate the airlines, Travis Field received a new control tower and an airline terminal in the former base theater.
In 1958, work began on a new airline terminal. In 1962, an additional extension brought the east/west runway's length to 9,000 ft (2,700 m). The jet age arrived in 1965 when Delta Air Lines introduced Douglas DC-9-10 flights. Grumman Aircraft opened a $7.5 million Gulfstream manufacturing plant at Travis in 1967. A new $21-million terminal building was built on the northwest corner of the airport in 1994.
A six-gate terminal built in 1960 was replaced in 1994 by the current facility. Although the airport had no direct international flights at the time, it was renamed Savannah International Airport in 1983, then Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport in 2003. International service was finally realized in 2017 when Air Canada began seasonal service between Toronto and Savannah.
In 1992, the airport had international service with nonstop flights to destinations in the Caribbean and Mexico when Key Airlines was operating a passenger hub in Savannah. Key Airlines also operated nonstop mainline jet service to a number of U.S. cities at this time and from Savannah. According to the Key Airlines system timetable dated October 1, 1992, nonstop services primarily operated with Boeing 727-100 and 727-200 jetliners were being flown from the airport to Antigua (ANU), Aruba (AUA), Atlanta (ATL), Baltimore (BWI), Boston (BOS), Cancun (CUN), Chicago Midway Airport (MDW), Cozumel (CZM), Curaçao (CUR), Freeport (FPO), Montego Bay (MBJ), Nassau (NAS), New York Newark Airport (EWR), Orlando (MCO), St. Maarten (SXM) and St. Thomas (STT). In addition to these nonstop flights, one-stop direct service was also flown by the airline from Savannah to St. Croix (STX).[9] Key Airlines subsequently experienced financial difficulties and then ceased all flights in 1993.
Some 3,680 feet (1,120 m) from the west end of Runway 10 (the main east–west runway) are two concrete grave markers. A runway extension project placed the runway through a small family plot and the graves of the airport property's two original owners. Because the family did not want to remove and relocate the graves, the markers were placed in the asphalt runway.[10]
Runway 10 is thought to be the only airport runway in the United States with marked gravestones in it. Federal law generally prohibits the moving of a grave without the permission of the next of kin. In this case, two graves of the Dotson Family, the earliest grave dating backed to 1857, were encountered during the construction of the runway. Since the next of kin could not be located, the graves were left undisturbed. Two additional graves are located off the runway surface.[10]
The new 275,000 sq. ft. Terminal opened in May 1994 with 8 gates (expandable to 19 gates). The project included new roads, a new aircraft taxiway and parking apron, stormwater ponds, landscaping and a new interchange at I-95 for entry into the Airport (Exit 18-A) at mile marker 104. Total cost for the project was $68.5 million. It was completed one month ahead of schedule and under budget. It was designed by KBJ Architects[11]
A terminal expansion project was completed in July 2007, adding five departure gates (for a total of fifteen).[4] A $35-million parking garage was completed in October of the same year, which added 1,700 parking spaces and uses an electronic program to alert drivers to the number of available spaces on each garage level.[4]
Visitor Information Center [ edit ]
There is a Visitor Information Center located near the baggage claim in the airport. The staff can assist guests with finding Georgia and South Carolina attractions, turn-by-turn directions, transportation advice, mailing a package, Georgia lottery sales and sending a fax.
The Visitor Information Center offers:
Tourist brochures
Ground transportation needs
Directions
Area maps
Flight information
In-terminal announcements
Post office
Copies and faxes
Parking and public transportation [ edit ]
The airport has three parking lots. The economy parking offers hourly, daily and weekly options for short or long term parking. The Savannah Value Park provides exclusive parking to residents of the City of Savannah. The Long Term/Hourly Parking area is closest to the airport terminal.
The Chatham Area Transit (CAT) 100X Airport Express to the airport originates at Joe Murray Rivers, Jr. Intermodal Transit Center.
Military use [ edit ]
Also located on the airport is Savannah Air National Guard Base, home to the 165th Airlift Wing (165 AW) of the Georgia Air National Guard. The 165 AW flies the C-130H Hercules tactical airlift aircraft and, as an Air National Guard (ANG) unit, is under the operational claimancy of the Air Mobility Command (AMC). The 165 AW, including the collocated Georgia ANG Combat Readiness Training Center (CRTC), consists of over 310 full-time Active Guard and Reserve (AGR) and Air Reserve Technician (ART) personnel, and over 700 additional "traditional" part-time air national guardsmen.
Savannah ANGB has over 145 buildings and 239 acres of leased land in the southeast and northeast quadrants of the airport.[12]
It is home of the Air Dominance Center.[13]
Facilities and aircraft [ edit ]
Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport covers an area of 3,650 acres (1,477 ha) at an elevation of 50 ft. (15 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways with concrete surfaces:[1]
10/28: 9,351 ft. x 150 ft. (2,850 m x 46 m)
01/19: 7,002 ft. x 150 ft. (2,134 m x 46 m)
For the 12-month period ending June 30, 2018, the airport had 94,332 aircraft operations, an average of 258 per day: 41% general aviation, 21% air taxi, 28% scheduled commercial, and 9% military. At that time there were 122 aircraft based at this airport: 81 single-engine, 12 multi-engine, 15 jet, 6 helicopters, and 8 military.[1]
Airlines and destinations [ edit ]
Passenger [ edit ]
Cargo [ edit ]
Airline market share [ edit ]
Nearby airfields [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Lu Xun, considered by many critics to be China's preeminent literary figure, began his career by translating fiction by Jules Verne. In 1903, he wrote that science fiction could play an important role in “the advancement of the Chinese nation.” But as the scholar Jeffrey N. Wasserstrom notes, the genre “has had its share of dramatic ups and downs in the past, with the Communist Party literary establishment treating it as a suspect form for much of the last half-century.” However, the last few years have seen unprecedented international recognition of Chinese sci-fi:
In 2015, Liu Cixin's The Three-Body Problem (published as a Chinese-language book in 2008, but not translated into English until 2014) won the Hugo Award for Best Novel, one of the highest honors in science fiction. Liu was the first Asian writer to receive a Hugo.
In 2016, Hao Jingfang won a Hugo Award in the category of Best Novelette with her story Folding Beijing.
Popular interest in Chinese sci-fi has also quickly grown for this once-niche literary genre, and the government has been acquiescent about its rise. According to a 2015 report released by the publishing industry journal China Book Review, the publication of Liu's Death's End — the second sequel to The Three-Body Problem and the end of the trilogy called Remembrance of Earth's Past — at the end of 2010 marked a watershed in Chinese science fiction history. In the seven years since, the number of new science-fiction novels published yearly in China has almost doubled.
You can listen to a discussion about the state and significance of Chinese science fiction in this episode of the Sinica Podcast with translator and author Ken Liu. Below is an introduction to notable Chinese science-fiction works of recent years – award winners by Liu Cixin and Hao Jingfang up first, and then a chronological selection. Books available in English include a link to purchase.
The Three-Body Problem, by Liu Cixin (2008)
During China's Cultural Revolution in 1967, a young woman named Ye Wenjie witnesses her father being beaten to death for teaching Einstein's theory of relativity. Four decades later, Wang Miao, a nanomaterials researcher and amateur photographer, suddenly finds that a countdown appears in every photo he takes, followed by a series of strange things that happen around him. As Wang tries to uncover linkages between these phenomena, he discovers that an alien civilization is plotting an invasion with Ye involved.
The first book of this trilogy was published in 2008. The English version translated by Ken Liu reached Western readers six years later, and won the 2015 Hugo Award for Best Novel. The film adapted from the novel is expected to hit the big screen in 2017. The second and third books in the trilogy are The Dark Forest, translated by Joel Martinsen, and Death's End, translated by Ken Liu.
Folding Beijing, by Hao Jingfang (2014)
The story is set in a future Beijing, where the city is physically divided into three layers — the elite, the middle class, and the underclass. Residents from different social classes are further separated by time: They aren't allowed to interact with one another and set to awaken in different hours during a 48-hour day. The protagonist is a waste-processing worker named Lao Dao from the third class. In order to pay for his adopted daughter's kindergarten tuition, Lao accepts a risky job offer — sending a love letter from a member of the second class to a woman in the first class.
The story first appeared in 2012 on newsmth.net, the online discussion board of Tsinghua University, where Hao was a student. According to the author, the story was inspired by her chat with a Beijing taxi driver who, during the ride, complained about difficulties getting his child into kindergarten due to his lack of Beijing hukou, or residence permit — a document that officially grants access to a city's social services. In the story, Hao depicts a similar challenge facing Lao Dao. Folding Beijing, translated by Ken Liu, won the 2016 Hugo Award for Best Novelette.
2066: Red Star Over America, by Han Song (2000)
This ambitious book by Han Song depicts a world where China rules and the U.S. obeys. As the U.S. falls into financial crisis and civil war, the Chinese government sends a team to America to restore civilization through the traditional Chinese board game Go. But when a critical Go match is held at the World Trade Center, a terrorist strike happens and throws all humanity into doubt.
Han Song started publishing stories in the early 1990s and became one of the country's leading science-fiction authors. His first short story collection, Gravestone of the Universe, was given an award at the first World Chinese Science Fiction Awards in 1991. The core of Han's work is often his reflections on culture and the clash between Western and Eastern values. Aside from writing science fiction, he works as an editor at Xinhua News Agency.
The Fat Years, by Chan Koonchung (2009)
Beijing-based Hong Kong author Chan Koonchung's novel has never been published in mainland China but was widely circulated on the internet. In the story, China is prosperous and powerful, but an entire month is missing from official records and the country's collective memory. Driven by curiosity, the central character Old Chen embarks on a dangerous journey to find the truth.
In 2011, an English translation of the book was published. In its review, The New York Times called The Fat Years “an uncommon novel,” adding, “With its offbeat puzzle and diverting characters…Chan's story is not only absorbing in its own right, it also shines reflected light on the foibles of the West.” Below is an interview with Chan by SupChina editor-in-chief Jeremy Goldkorn.
Zero and Other Fictions, by Huang Fan (2011)
A collection of the four best works of Taiwanese author Huang Fan, including “Lai Suo,” “The Intelligent Man,” “How to Tell the Width of a Ditch,” and “Zero.”
A Hundred Ghosts Parade Tonight, by Xia Jia (2012)
The story starts on Ghost Street, an entertainment district where protagonist Ning is the only human being among ghosts (Ghost Street, or Gui Jie, is a popular dining destination in Beijing). As the story progresses, Ning starts to question everything, including whether the ghosts are really ghosts, and who exactly Ning is.
Born in 1984, Wang Yao, known by her pen name Xia Jia, has received five Galaxy Awards for Chinese Science Fiction, and six Nebula Awards for Science Fiction and Fantasy in Chinese. In addition, one of her short stories received an honorable mention at the 2013 Science Fiction & Fantasy Translation Awards.
The Waste Tide, by Chen Qiufan (2013)
In a dystopian future China around the 2020s, factory workers in an “economic zone” in Guangdong Province are transformed into cyborgs perfectly suited to perform manufacturing jobs. Meanwhile, a wealthy elite keeps tight control over the internet and media. Chen Qiufan, 35, is a Beijing-based writer who used to work for Google and Baidu. There is no published English translation of The Waste Tide, but you can read an essay by Chen on his work and his generation here.
Will of Heaven, by Qian Lifang (2013)
In 218 B.C., a young man named Han Xin is approached by a mysterious stranger who claims to be a divine messenger. On behalf of his god, he offers a deal: Han will become emperor in return for a seemingly bizarre favor. But along Han's path to power, he gradually realizes that he is part of a larger conspiracy and the burden of saving all mankind falls on his shoulders.
Qian Lifang is a history teacher at a middle school. Will of Heaven is her first novel and the book won a Galaxy Award for Chinese Science Fiction in 2004.
Pathological, by Wang Jinkang (2016)
CLEVELAND, Ohio - A judge ruled Saturday morning that Cleveland police officer Michael Brelo is not guilty of two charges of voluntary manslaughter in connection with the Nov. 29, 2012 police chase and shooting that ended in the deaths of two people.
Cuyahoga Common Pleas Judge John P. O'Donnell said that while Brelo did fire lethal shots at Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams, other officers did as well.
O'Donnell also concluded that Brelo was not guilty of the lesser included offense of felonious assault because he was legally justified in his use of deadly force.
Brelo, 31, was one of more than 100 police officers to participate in a 22-minute police chase, and one of 13 who shot at a 1979 Chevy Malibu. The shooting ended in the deaths of the driver, Russell and the passenger, Williams.
Prosecutors argued throughout Brelo's month-long trial that when other officers stopped firing, Brelo jumped onto the Malibu's hood and shot straight down at Russell and Williams. Those actions, they argued, were unreasonable and went well past his duties as a police officer.
But defense attorneys said Brelo had reason to fear for his life, and was justified in his use of deadly force because he and other officers believed that Russell and Williams had a gun and had fired shots. They also argued that if the 12 other police officers who fired shots were justified in their use of force, so was Brelo.
Five police supervisors who were either directly involved in the chase or supervised it to some extent have been charged with dereliction of duty. A date for that trial has not been set yet.
Stay tuned to Cleveland.com for updates as this story develops.
But that sentiment coexists with the notion that something has to be done -- that's why Democrats pounced so gleefully on Romney's statement last week that the government should "let [the foreclosure process] run its course and hit the bottom." On Monday, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney took a shot at Romney's statement, saying, "That's not a solution."
All of this has unfolded against the backdrop of Las Vegas, the nation's foreclosure capital, where half-built subdivisions decorate the sprawling edges of the metropolitan area. The state's governor, Brian Sandoval, and junior senator, Dean Heller, both Republicans, have both said they disagree with Romney's hands-off position.
In the politics of housing, "On the one hand, there is some of that Rick Santelli rage," said Matt Bennett of the center-left think tank Third Way, a former Clinton administration official. "There's real discontent over the idea that people who acted irresponsibly are getting a bailout or a break, while people who are struggling to manage their underwater mortgage while paying their bills aren't.
"On the other hand, there's the idea that the government had better do something, because this crisis is destroying property values, destroying neighborhoods, and greatly dragging down the economy generally."
There's a hard-right position -- that government should stay out and let markets take their course, without trying to mitigate the collateral damage. And there's a hard-left position -- that the government should just bail out homeowners the way it bailed out banks, regardless of whether they "deserve" it. Both are broadly unpalatable.
And so when the Republican candidates were asked about housing last week, Rick Santorum promptly changed the subject: "The problem is, in the first place, is that several people up here ... supported the TARP, supported the bailout," he said, prompting a back-and-forth with Rick Perry over whether that was true.
Romney didn't back down from his statement about letting foreclosures proceed, saying, "The idea of the federal government running around and saying ... we're going to keep banks from foreclosing if you can't make your payments, this kind of actions on the part of government haven't worked." Herman Cain seconded that notion.
Michele Bachmann talked about the emotional attachment of "moms" to their "nests." "President Obama has failed you on this issue of housing and foreclosures," she said. "I will not fail you on this issue. ... Hold on, moms out there. It's not too late."
Like Bachmann, Romney has slammed Obama for not fixing the housing mess even as he's shied away from offering a fix of his own.
"President Obama's Broken Promises on Housing Have Devastated Nevada," blared the headline of a Romney press release pegged to Obama's visit Monday. His campaign also issued a dramatic video, "Welcome to Nevada, President Obama," featuring local residents detailing their economic woes. "We need real leadership in Washington so that we can get out of the hole that we're in," one man says.
This morning Fox News' America's Newsroom aired the following chart, which sends a clear message that the job situation has not improved, that in fact things have continued to worsen. Using a straight red line to illustrate the trend, the chart indicates that job loses have been on the rise since December 2007, all the way through this month: The chart claims to show "Job loss by quarter." But it doesn't. (We lost 15 million jobs in the second quarter of 2010!?? Surely, that would have been catastrophic news.) What this defective chart actually displays is the number of unemployed during four random quarters over the past two-and-a-half years.
Clearly, Fox got the title of the chart wrong. If they wanted to depict quarterly job losses, they'd have no way of getting around the fact that net job losses ceased at the end of 2009. A chart of the monthly change in jobs since December 2007, from the Bureau of Labor Statistics' Current Employment Statistics survey, looks like this:
But I wouldn't let Fox off the hook for just mis-naming its chart. Because even if the chart claimed to represent the number of unemployed, rather than the change in the number of employed, it would still give the false impression of a steady deterioration through June 2010. In reality, their chart should look like this (the level of unemployed from the Current Population Survey):
This chart clearly communicates that the jobs situation over the past year differs significantly from the jobs situation during the year before that. And this too can be a misleading depiction of the employment situation, given that the Current Population Survey counts as unemployed only those who are actively seeking work, and not those who have given up finding a job altogether.
We can't expect Fox to explain all the nuances of every economic chart they flash on-screen. But I'd hope that we could at least expect the network not to create charts that actively mislead viewers about the state of the economy. And anyway, why would they want to do that?
UPDATE: Lest you doubt that Fox News deliberately manipulated its chart to distort the facts, we created our own chart demonstrating that Fox also screwed with the scale of their chart in order to generate that straight red line.
Notice on Fox's chart that the first interval on the horizontal axis, from December '07 to September '08 represents 9 months. The second interval, between September '08 and March '09, represents 6 months. And the third interval, from March '09 to June '10, represents 15 months, almost all of Obama's term so far. So the third interval should be two-and-a-half times as long as the second. But in Fox's chart, it's shorter!
The effect of this is to flatten out the steep rise in the number of unemployed between September '08 and March '09 (before Obama's policies started taking effect) and to suggest that the increases in unemployment later during Obama's term were more dramatic than they actually were. To get the line straight, Fox also manipulated the scale of the vertical axis.
Even if you accept Fox's four random data points --which entirely obscure what has happened since the end of 2009 -- if your scale is accurate, you'd actually get something like this:
And again, when you use Fox's data points like this, with no information about the period between March '09 and June '10, you miss the fact that the number of unemployed has essentially stopped rising since the Fall of 2009.
UPDATE2: Fox has fixed the name on the chart. They have yet to fix the chart itself. Again, the only way you can get a straight line here is by hugely distorting the scale of both the horizontal and vertical axes and by selectively choosing data points that hide the fact that unemployment peaked in October 2009. From the June 30 broadcast of America's Newsroom:
Watching the Snowflakes Melt
Any honest conservative will have to admit that the post-election spectacle of weeping Clinton staffers, progressive pundits at a momentary loss for lies, and SJWs tweeting as frantically as canaries in a room full of hungry cats was the icing on Trump's victory cake. I don't blame anyone for going back to YouTube for seconds. We've been getting the thick end of the political correctness cudgel for a very long time now. How's this for social justice, my liberal friends? How's this for a little diversity of political opinion? Nevertheless, although Hillary's political career has probably melted like the Wicked Witch of the West, the propaganda engine of the media is still here -- even if its ratings are down. The infantile boot camp of academia remains unshaken. The student snowflakes, though bedraggled, have begun to notice that the sun still rises, racists hordes haven't actually managed to kill them all, and Donald Trump hasn't shoveled their oppressed, indignant, little corpses into the death camp ovens of their imagination -- at least not yet. They can still hold hands and snuggle puppies for awhile. They can still chant “no justice, no peace!” around their traditional bonfires of Chinese-manufactured U.S. flags. Trump's victory didn't silence our opponents. It didn't even give us a lull in fighting. Generation snowflake was out rioting before the Starbucks opened on Wednesday the 9th. They are now on the defensive, however. It is a good time for us to have a look at the miserable, misguided foot soldier our enemies intend to use against us.
China Met Office Confirms Global Warming Hiatus
The CMA GLSAT-v1.0 data has its sources in the three original global data sets (CRUTEM4, GHCN-V3 and BEST), eight national data sets (Canada national climate and weather data archive, Australia high-quality climate change data set, United States Historical Climatology Network (USHCN) data set, Korean exchange data set, Vietnam exchange data set, and the data sets of the CMA, Russian Meteorological Agency and Japan Meteorological Agency), and four regional data sets (South American regional data set, Africa regional data set, European regional data set, and Antarctic climate data)
In preparing the new database Xiubao Sun and colleagues from the CMA say they addressed a number of problems with other surface temperature databases, in particular the relatively poor coverage of stations across Antarctica, Africa, South America, and Asia. They note that the IPCC AR5 report concluded that the warming trends in these regions are associated with a lower confidence level. They also improved the absence of early period stations, especially before 1940.
The researchers find very clear evidence for the recent warming hiatus. Their results show linear trends of 0.104 °C per decade, 0.247 °C per decade and 0.098 °C per decade for the three periods, respectively. The trends were statistically significant except for the period 1998–2014, the period that is also known as the ‘‘warming hiatus”.
Table 1: Sun et al. 2017
The annual mean surface temperature anomaly time series for both hemispheres and the globe over the period 1901–2014 are shown in their Fig 1. The linear trends of annual mean surface temperature for SH, NH and the globe were 0.088 °C per decade, 0.115 °C per decade and 0.104 °C per decade, respectively, all statistically significant at the 5% confidence level. Much of the hemispheric and global warming occurred in two distinct periods, from the 1910s to the late 1930s and from the early 1980s to the mid-2000s. The relatively cool periods or stable periods appeared in the 1900s, 1940s–1970s and between 2005 and 2014. (Click on image to enlarge.)
Overall, they find that the annual warming was larger in the NH (0.115 °C per decade) than in the SH (0.088 °C per decade). From the early 1950 to early 1970s, however, the SH exhibited an insignificant warming, whereas the NH exhibited a slight cooling. The land warming from the early 1980s was much more remarkable in the NH than in the SH. They add it is also clear that the global mean surface temperature change was largely determined by the NH because there were a much greater number of grid boxes containing data in the NH than in the SH.
The researchers conclude that from 1979 to 2014, the mean surface temperature anomalies in the SH, the NH and the globe showed annual unprecedented and highly significant warming trends, reaching 0.138 °C per decade, 0.317 °C per decade and 0.247 °C per decade, respectively. From 1998 to 2014, however, he two hemispheres and the globe experienced the ‘‘warming hiatus”, with the SH, NH and global lands registering insignificant warming trends of 0.087 °C per decade, 0.105 °C per decade and 0.098 °C per decade, respectively.
During the recent ‘‘warming hiatus” they note that a high incoherence in global surface temperature changes can be seen, with the abnormal warming in Arctic areas neighboring the Eurasian Continent and North Atlantic Ocean and remarkable cooling in North America, East and Central Asia, northern Australia and southern Africa. The slowdown of climate warming, they say, seems to mainly occur at the low and middle latitudes of the hemispheres, and especially in the boreal cold season.
The following is a guest post from AJ Walsh. You may know AJ from the Cubs blog 'Goat Riders of the Apocalypse". He has also written for Major League Trade Rumors. We are pleased to have him contribute this excellent article on the ever evolvng Starlin Castro. You can follow AJ on Twitter @ajwalsh08.
----------------------------------------
Starlin Castro's offensive output has been falling since Opening Day. By month, his OPS is down from .784 in April — which is already almost not that good — to .763, to .711, to .687 in July. So much for Anthony Rizzo helping him out over the past 31 days.
That said, I think Castro is improving his core skill set as a hitter this year, and love what I see in a few key trends. How can this be when his OPS has simultaneously fallen from decent to, uhh, no thank you? Let's look at five key stats, all viewable in graph form here: http://www.fangraphs.com/graphs.aspx?playerid=4579&position=SS&page=1&type=mini (Thanks, Fangraphs!)
1. ISO
This is the biggie. For those unfamiliar, ISO measures raw power by removing singles from a hitter's slugging percentage and isolating extra-base hits. To calculate ISO, one subtracts AVG from SLG, leaving only the extra bases earned with the bat. The most powerful hitters can approach .300; for example, David Ortiz is batting .316 this season, and slugging .609, giving him the league's second-best ISO at .294. Hitters without power tend to be at or below .100; Ichiro's .095 ISO this year is a good example.
So where is Castro on this scale? In short, he's climbing the ladder. His ISOs this season by month: .100, .148, .145, .173. And to be even more selective about my small sample, since the break he's at .203. Like I said, climbing. This is especially good to see because he put up a .108 in his rookie year, and a .125 in 2011. And if he's going to be a formidable hitter he needs power. I'd love to see him maintain that .200-ish ISO over the balance of 2012, as I'm sure would the guys in the Cub front office and the other fans in the stands.
2. K and BB
These two we can discuss at the same time; let's start with strikeouts. When Castro was only putting up .108 in ISO, it was important that he cover the plate well and frequently put the ball in play to maintain his offensive value. Fortunately he was able to achieve this in 2010, putting up a 14% K-rate on the year, just under Derek Jeter (Juan Pierre was just above 6%, but most of the league leaders were between 9% and 14%). That rate went down a hair in 2011, before climbing this year — through June 16 (an admittedly arbitrary date), his rate was up above 18%, with 51 Ks in 281 PAs.
You might think it a consequence of his adding power — except that over the past month and change the trend has reversed. Maybe it's too small a sample size to take anything from, but since that game on June 16 Castro's K rate is down to 11.6%, with just 18 Ks in 155 PAs.
Meanwhile, his walk rate — which fell from 5.7% in 2010, to 4.9% in '11, to 3.7% over 2012 — is up to 8.3% over those same past 155 PAs. Both encouraging stuff.
3. BABIP and GB%
There's never been any reason to worry about Castro's BABIP; he was up near .350 for about 1,000 PAs to start his pro career. But over the first four months of 2012: .380, .333, .310, .238. A .238 in July! That's bad! He was above .333 in every month in 2011 save one (.305), and did put up a couple of .270s in his rookie year. But .238! It stands out.
The culprit appears to be a result in batted balls, with Castro's groundball rate climbing dramatically over the last several weeks (refer back to the graphs at Fangraphs, unfortunately I can't find this in number form split up into months). I don't know if that's a random thing? I'm not that smart. But maybe it is? On the full year, anyway, Castro's batted ball types for 2012 are essentially identical to 2012. So maybe he's just been unlucky this month — which would explain the decreased output in terms of OPS, despite the fact that his power is increasing and his K/BB numbers are both moving in the right direction.
Those are, I think, the numbers behind the final output statistics that matter more. I hope you agree that there are some encouraging signs here, despite the fact that Castro's OPS has been in decline since day one of this season.
BELLINGHAM, Wash. -- Bellingham police say they have several leads, but are still searching for a cyclist accused of shoving a 70-year-old man into traffic on Friday.According to witnesses, the cyclist got off his bike and shoved the elderly pedestrian backwards onto the roadway in the 2900 block of Northwest Avenue. The victim hit his head on the pavement, but was conscious with minor injuries when medics arrived."He came up behind me and pushed me," said victim William McCallum.McCallum says the whole ordeal is pretty blurry after hitting his head on the pavement. He barely remembers being nearly run over by an SUV.The driver of the oncoming SUV told police the bicyclist approached McCallum from behind and shoved him into the street."And the next thing I remember, I was looking up at this woman and she was saying 'I'm a nurse, don't move,' " McCallum said.McCallum says he can't remember the incident as he blacked out but earlier in the day, he says says he'd seen a cyclist riding on the sidewalk in the same general area. He told the bike rider he should ride in the bike lane. But he couldn't be sure if that was the same cyclist who nearly killed him."Maybe it has something to do with me hitting my head when I struck the pavement -- I don't know," McCallum said.Officers searched the neighborhood for the attacker, who is described as in his 30's, with dark hair and a beard, about 5 feet 8 inches tall, riding a black diamondback mountain bike with red handlebars and wheels.Anyone with information is urged to call Bellingham police.
HONOLULU (AP) - After listening to Hawaii residents speak out against vaccines saying they cause everything from autism to the Zika virus, Hawaii lawmakers killed a bill to speed up the state's process for adopting federal vaccination guidelines.
The bill would have allowed the state Health Department to more easily adopt the federal rules, which some fear would result in more vaccinations. Under the bill, the department would have 90 days to adopt rules.
Immediately after hearing opposition to the bill, Sen. Rosalyn Baker said Thursday it wouldn't move forward. Her announcement came before the usual time when lawmakers decide on the bills.
Vaccinations are a hot button issue across the nation. For decades, critics have said vaccinations can cause debilitating side effects - most notably autism, which scientific research has debunked.
AT&T is planning to raise the cost of its unlimited data plan by $5 to a total of $35 in February. 9to5Mac first reported the coming change, and sources familiar with the company's plans have confirmed it with The Verge as well. This is the first price hike AT&T has levied on grandfathered unlimited customers in seven years; the plan in question was discontinued in 2010 and as such is no longer offered to new customers. The $35 unlimited data feature is in addition to the costs associated with your voice and texting plan(s).
But for those who've managed to hang on through upgrades over the years, AT&T's unlimited data plan remains something of a treasure, particularly after the carrier's recent announcement that it will only throttle customers on unlimited plans after they've exceeded 22GB of data per month. Previously, that ceiling was much lower, which limited the appeal of staying on "unlimited" and put AT&T at odds with the Federal Communications Commission. Verizon Wireless also recently said it would raise the monthly price for those clinging to unlimited data; in November, the cost went up an additional $20 per line.
Microsoft is working on a free version of Windows 10 that runs on Brit-tech hit Raspberry Pi in order to penetrate the Internet of Things (IoT).
Microsoft and the Raspberry Pi Foundation have been collaborating for six months on the joint project, which emerged early on Monday.
Windows 10 will run on the latest version of the ARM-based chipset, Raspberry Pi 2, which went on sale this morning.
Raspberry Pi 2 turbocharges the earlier motherboard, with a claimed performance boost of six times over previous models – thanks to the new Broadcom BCM2836 system-on-chip. This is a VideoCore IV GPU with four 900MHz ARMv7 Cortex-A7 cores. Also, there's twice as much memory: 1GB LPDDR2 SDRAM.
Windows 10 for the Raspberry Pi 2 will be available for free for the maker community via Microsoft's Windows Developer Program for IoT.
“We see the maker community as an amazing source of innovation for smart, connected devices that represent the very foundation for the next wave of computing,” Microsoft said here.
Microsoft expects to expose Pi heads to its development tools in the process.
Redmond has always been keen to get its tools and runtimes into the hands of young coders, experimentalists, hobbyists and early-stage developers.
With 4.5 million Raspberry Pi sold since February 2012, and 200,000 units of the credit-card-sized unit selling a week, according to project founder Eben Upton, it's proving the mother of all boards among student developers, hobbyists and pioneers. You get compute power at a low price, just $35.
Microsoft last year teamed up with Intel and hardware maker CircuitCo on Sharks Cove, an Intel-Atom-based quad-core chip board running between 1.33GHz and 1.83GHz and packing 1GB of RAM. You got a Windows 8.1 image for $299.
Sharks Cove targeted hobbyists and hardware vendors with a device and a price to drive experimentation and uptake in phones tablets and SoC.
Intel, meanwhile, has tried to counter the popularity of Raspberry Pi with its Galileo board, updated last summer to run Windows.
Raspberry Pi is Microsoft's second stab at Windows on ARM – following Windows RT on Surface slablets.
As ever, Microsoft's challenge will be in knowing when to start charging people for Windows 10. Experimentation is one thing, but where does one go when you have to pay a licence for Windows 10 and the developer tools for commercial use?
Linux seemingly is the answer: Raspberry Pi 2 runs the full range of GNU/Linux distros including Canonical's Snappy Ubuntu Core – the new spin of this popular Linux distro that has been deliberately shrunk by Canonical to work in SoC in IoT. ®
Economist Gary Keith is bullish on Buffalo.
The M&T Bank economist has been watching the Buffalo Niagara economy for a long time, mostly during the region's dark days when it struggled with a rapidly shrinking manufacturing base and missed out on long periods of nationwide prosperity.
These days, however, Keith sees a very different Buffalo – he calls it "Buffalo 2.0" – and that's a good thing.
“I'm bullish on the Buffalo economy,” Keith said. “I think we still have room to grow.”
Behind Keith's optimism are the sweeping changes that gradually have taken place in the region's economy over the last 40 painful years.
Instead of the steel and auto industry shaping the region's economic fortunes, the Buffalo Niagara economy now is more diverse, relying far more heavily on service firms, from banking and business services to education and health care – or as Keith likes to call it, “eds and meds.” No longer is Buffalo a typical Rust Belt city, overly reliant on high-paying but highly cyclical factory jobs. In fact, our manufacturing base has finally stabilized after four decades of decline.
Today, the Buffalo Niagara economy looks a lot like the rest of the country, and that means our ups and downs shouldn't be as pronounced as they once were. We now stand a much better chance of moving more in lockstep with the rest of the country.
“Our economy has fundamentally shifted,” Keith said.
“This is the new Buffalo paradigm,” he said. “It used to be that if the economy sneezed, we'd catch a cold. We're not as susceptible to that anymore.”
We've already seen signs of that new resilience. The region has weathered a steep decline in its chemical industry – a key sector that accounts for almost a quarter of our manufacturing exports. While chemical exports are down 7 percent from 2009 to 2015, shipments to other countries by other manufacturers still are up by 1 percent during that same period.
The plunge in the Canadian dollar has cut deeply into the cross-border shopping that some local malls had come to rely on. Since 2011, the number of passenger cars crossing the region's bridges from Canada has dropped by almost 18 percent, yet the region's retail sector still has grown by 3 percent. Exports to Canada have dropped by 30 percent since 2008, yet that loss has been buffered by a 10 percent increase in exports to everywhere else.
Despite those headwinds, the Buffalo Niagara economy has kept growing a little faster, albeit slower than the nation as a whole. After inflation, the local economy grew by a little less than 1 percent during 2015, according to the latest data from the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis. That's the strongest increase since 2012, and Keith thinks our economy grew even faster – by about 1.1 percent – last year. He expects inflation-adjusted growth to further strengthen to a seven-year high of 1.4 percent this year. That would be almost double the 0.8 percent annual growth that the region averaged from 2011 to 2015.
Wage growth, which was sluggish coming out of the recession, has picked up, too, with the region's average weekly wage jumping by 3.5 percent during the first nine months of last year, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. It averaged less than 2.8 percent during the same period in 2014 and 2015.
A decade ago, the average income for a household member in the Buffalo Niagara region, as measured by the adjusted gross income per exemption, was a little less than $28,000, or more than $4,000 below the national average. By 2014, inflation-adjusted incomes here were above $31,500, a nearly 13 percent increase that was in stark contrast to the 4 percent decline nationwide during the same period, when the recession battered other parts of the country more severely than it hit here, according to federal income tax data.
“We've moved into another gear,” Keith said.
Part of that is due to the extraordinary flurry of big construction projects, from HarborCenter to SolarCity and the new children's hospital and medical school on the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus. Construction spending in the region, driven partly by the state's Buffalo A Billion economic development program, has jumped by 80 percent since 2012, a little more than double the U.S. increase.
But there are limits to how fast the Buffalo Niagara economy can grow, in part, because the region's population isn't growing.
“Slow and steady, at around a 1 percent growth rate, is about the best we can do,” Keith said.
The rule of thumb among economists is that a region's job growth typically will run about a percentage point higher than its population growth. The U.S. population is rising by a little less than 1 percent. Add 1 percent to that and you get 2 percent economic growth, which is right around the nation's current growth rate.
Likewise, the Buffalo Niagara population is still declining slightly, according to new U.S. Census figures released in late March. Add 1 percent to zero, and you get close to the region's 1 percent job growth rate.
That's an issue for another reason: With the baby boomer generation heading toward retirement, the region needs tens of thousands of new workers to fill those jobs that will be opening up. With more than a third of the nation's workers having dropped out of the labor pool, there are plenty of people who could fill those jobs, but whether they are qualified to do that work is another question. With companies dropping their own worker training programs in favor of a more laissez-faire approach and an increased reliance on government-backed training initiatives that often are mismatched with the skills employers seek, many firms are struggling to find qualified workers.
“If you can't find the workers you need, you can't grow your business, or else you have to move to Bangalore or (elsewhere in) India, where they do,” said John Manzella, the president of the World Trade Center Buffalo Niagara.
There is hope, though. The region is keeping more of its young people, with the population of young adults between the ages of 20 and 34 rising by 9 percent since 2010, according to Census data.
“The opening up of new employment opportunities here is critical. People won't stay if there aren't the opportunities,” Keith said. “There are opportunities for them to stay that are better than we've seen in many years.”
Floods caused by heavy rainfall continued to wreak havoc across Assam on Monday claiming seven more lives and taking the total deaths to 34.
Three of the deaths were reported from Lakhimpur district, two from Jorhat and one each from Goalpara and Golaghat. Six of the victims died due to drowning and one due to landslide.
According to a state disaster management authority report, over 1.2 million people in 20 of the total 28 districts remained affected in both Brahmaputra and Barak valleys.
The flood affected districts are-Lakhimpur, Darrang, Jorhat, Sonitpur, Golaghat, Cachar, Dhemaji, Biswanath, Majuli, Barpeta, Nagaon, Nalbari, Sibsagar, Chirang, Morigaon, Dibrugarh, Dhubri, Dibrugarh, North Salmara and Kokrajhar.
The Brahmaputra flowed above the danger level at Dibrugarh, Nimatighat, Tezpur, Goalpara and Dhubri. Several other rivers like Siang, Subansiri, Dikhow, Dhansiri, Jia Bharali, Puthimari, Beki, Barak and Kushiyara also flowed above the danger mark at nine places.
Over 2,000 villages remained inundated on Monday and over 1 million hectares of crop area affected. More than 18,000 people displaced by floods are taking shelter in 148 relief camps.
Heavy rainfall has led to erosion of embankments at several places, blocked highways, caused landslides and damaged roads and bridges.
According to alert issued by National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), heavy to very heavy rainfall would continue at several places in Assam, Sikkim, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura for two more days.
Flood water is flowing over several roads in the state and also inundated vast areas of national parks and sanctuaries including Kaziranga forcing wild animals like rhino to flee to higher areas.
“There could be more water logging in the next few days. Our staff has been alerted and we request help from local residents to save the wild animals,” appealed forest minister Pramila Rani Brahma on Monday morning after taking stock of flood scene at Kaziranga national park.
First Published: Jul 10, 2017 10:08 IST
“Screw your excuses.”
Does reading that make your blood boil a bit? Good. It's healthy to have our buttons pushed every now and then.
It can help us snap out of all the automatic responses we re-enact on a daily basis: the routines, habits, and impulses that keep us trapped in the same patterns.
The problem with many people is that we are too good at coming up with excuses for why our lives are the way they are.
We don't take responsibility for anything. We believe we act the way we do because that's just who we are and how we grew up.
Instead of admitting when we make a mistake or when there's a problem in our lives, we try to rationalize it.
This is the attitude of a defeated person. Someone who has given up on improving themselves and the world they live in.
Many times we come up with excuses to protect ourselves from cognitive dissonance. This is our tendency to ignore or underestimate information that goes against our beliefs.
(Check out why we ignore advice when we need it the most for more on why we avoid information we don't like.)
So something bad happens in our lives, we believe it's because of how we were born, or how people treat us, or how the world is conspiring against us.
Taking responsibility for our lives would mean having to change our worldview, so we think in elaborate ways to justify the current state of our lives and avoid change.
Don't get me wrong, real excuses exist. If your legs are paralyzed it's doubtful you're going to make the NBA – that's a real obstacle.
However, most of the excuses we come up with are bullshit. We fabricate them because are afraid to take any responsibility over our actions and choices.
Pay close attention to the excuses and rationalizations you make on a daily basis. Ask yourself, “Is this a real obstacle? Or is this just something I'm telling myself to avoid making a change in my life?”
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement from The Emotion Machine:
The team that won the World Series led the league in near-death experiences. The team that lost the World Series picked the wrong night in October to come down with a serious case of Blown Save Fever. And the teams that sat home watching them had to be kicking themselves -- if only because they finally realized that they'd forgotten to trade for their very own Rally Squirrel.
In other words, it was one very crazy October. So let's look back at the Strange But True Feats of 2011 -- the Postseason Edition.
How strange was the championship journey of your 2011 World Series titleists, the Cardinals? Hoo boy. It's still hard to comprehend.
As late as 102 games into their season, they had a worse record than the Pirates. (OK, so it was by a thousandth of a percentage point. Whatever.)
As late as 89 games into their season, they had the same number of losses as the Mets.
As late as Labor Day, their run differential was 107 runs worse than the Red Sox.
They were 10½ games out of a playoff spot with 31 to play.
They were 8½ out in September.
They were still three games out with five to play.
They lost 25 games in their last at-bat.
They lost 11 games they led in the ninth inning or later.
They blew more saves (26) than 28 other teams.
They lost their best starting pitcher (Adam Wainwright) before they'd even played a spring training game.
Their other stud starter (Chris Carpenter) had as many wins on June 22 (one) as Wilson Valdez. Who plays infield for a living.
Their relief pitchers got more outs in the NLCS (86) than their starters (73).
And, as you might have heard someplace, they were one strike away from losing the World Series in twice as many innings (i.e., two) as all previous 106 World Series champions in history put together.
So if ever there was a formula you wouldn't want to follow to try to win a World Series, here's a nomination for the way those 2011 Cardinals did it. Kids, don't try that at home!
Strange but true postseason game of the year
It was a postseason full of classic, magical and often downright crazy games. But is there any doubt which game towers above the rest? I saw Game 6 of the World Series with my very own eyeballs. I still don't believe stuff like this happened:
• The Cardinals have played 19,387 regular-season games in their history. Not once had they won a game in which they trailed five times. But that's the mess they overcame to win Game 6 -- when all that was riding on it was losing the World Series. That's all.
David Freese had a postseason to remember as he was the MVP in the NLCS and the World Series. Jeff Curry/US Presswire
• For that matter, according to the Elias Sports Bureau, only three teams in the last 40 years (2006 Red Sox, 1996 Red Sox, 1995 Cubs) have won a regular-season game in which they trailed at least five times. And no team had ever done that in a World Series game. But the Cardinals trailed in this game by scores of 1-0, 3-2, 4-3, 7-4 and 9-7 -- and won. Unreal.
• There had been 1,329 games in the history of postseason baseball before this one. Not once had a team scored in the eighth, ninth, 10th and 11th innings of the same game. But the Cardinals did it in this game. Of course they did!
• The Rangers blew two saves in their final 41 regular-season games combined. So of course, they then blew three saves in this game in the last six innings.
• Might as well mention that the Rangers had two MONTHS this year (June and September) when they didn't blow three saves. And they were working on a streak of 965 games (regular season and postseason), over six seasons, without ever blowing three save opportunities in one game until this extravaganza came along.
• Never had both teams homered in extra innings at any point during an entire Series. Then, naturally, each team homered in extra innings just in this GAME (Josh Hamilton in the 10th, David Freese in the 11th).
• There wasn't a game played in the big leagues during the entire regular season that featured extra-inning homers in two innings by two teams, according to the Sultan of Swat Stats, SABR home run historian David Vincent. And the Rangers hadn't played a game like that in 15 years. But it happened in this game.
• And, as we'll probably be reminding ourselves for about the next thousand years, only one team in history -- Mookie Wilson's '86 Mets -- had ever won a World Series after finding itself one strike away from The End of the Line. So naturally, these Cardinals got themselves to within one strike of defeat in the ninth and 10th innings -- and still went on to win the World Series. They didn't seem to know any other way. Did they?
Five strange but true October all-timers
• All four teams that advanced to the LCS -- the Cardinals, Brewers, Rangers and Tigers -- got outscored by the teams they played in the Division Series and won. Hard to do, friends.
Cruz
• Nelson Cruz had as many homers in October (eight) as he had HITS in September (in 42 at-bats).
• Only one manager in the American League issued fewer intentional walks during the regular season than Ron Washington (21 all year). So he was pretty much the perfect candidate to become the first manager in American League HISTORY to issue nine intentional walks in a World Series. Right?
• Before this October, no player since Kirk Gibson (Game 1, '88) had come off the bench in a World Series game to drive in the go-ahead run with a pinch hit in the sixth inning or later. Then, naturally, Allen Craig did that for the Cardinals two days in a row -- against the same pitcher (Alexi Ogando) no less.
• And Tony La Russa made 75 pitching changes in the postseason. That means all those relievers he waved for spent a combined 3 hours, 45 minutes warming up!
Strange but true World Series nuttiness
• This was the third consecutive World Series to feature a Molina brother. So what's so strange about that? It was three different Molinas (Jose, then Bengie, then Yadier).
Molina
• In back-to-back-to-back at-bats in Games 6 and 7, David Freese hit a game-tying triple, game-winning homer and game-tying double. How incredible was that? Only one other time in World Series history had a player gotten game-tying or go-ahead hits in three consecutive trips to the plate. And naturally, it was Allen Craig, earlier in this same World Series.
• Only once in the last 30 regular seasons have the Cardinals scored at least 16 runs one game and gotten shut out the next. How many runs did they score in Game 4 of this World Series after putting up 16 in Game 3? That would be none -- despite the minor technicality that they were facing a pitcher (Derek Holland) who had just finished compiling an 8.59 ERA in the ALCS.
• Has there ever been a more insane stretch in any World Series than the middle three innings of Game 3? Starting in the top of the fourth inning, the Cardinals scored four times. Then the Rangers scored three times. Then the Cardinals scored three in the fifth -- and so did the Rangers. Whereupon the Cardinals put up yet another three-spot in the top of the sixth. Ever remember seeing five consecutive half-innings of three runs or more in a World Series game? Of course you don't -- because it's never happened.
• Finally, there was Albert Pujols' picturesque little box-score line in that very same Game 3: 6 AB, 4 R, 5 H, 6 RBIs, with three majestic homers and 14 total bases tossed in there just for fun. Feel free to stare at that line for as long as Albert stared at his long home runs, because in the entire live-ball era -- all nine decades of it -- there has been only one regular-season 6-4-5-6 three-homer game, by Dave Winfield against the Twins on April 13, 1991.
Strange but true playoff weirdness
• Delmon Young spent 4½ months with the Twins this year and hit four home runs. He played nine postseason games for the Tigers -- and hit five home runs.
• As my buddy Danny Knobler of CBSSports.com pointed out, the Royals got six home runs out of the No. 7 hole in their lineup all season. The Rangers got seven just in this postseason.
• Your ALCS MVP, Nelson Cruz, had eight extra-base hits in that LCS (six homers, two doubles) -- but never did mix in a single.
Moore
• In Game 1s of this postseason, the Yankees, Tigers, Rangers, Phillies, Cardinals, Brewers and Diamondbacks started pitchers who had been around long enough to make a combined 1,469 regular-season starts in the big leagues, plus another 30 postseason starts. But the Rays had other plans (as always). They started Matt Moore in Game 1. How many big league games had he started in his life before that game? That would be one.
• So, naturally, Moore went out and threw seven shutout innings (giving up two hits), the first time any rookie starter had done that in a postseason game. So it took 107 years for it to happen once. It then took four days, of course, for it to happen a second time -- thanks to Arizona's Josh Collmenter.
• When Cliff Lee blew a 4-0 lead in the Phillies' 5-4 loss to the Cardinals in Game 2 of the NLDS, he did something he'd done only once before in his entire career. So he's now 94-2 in games in which his team handed him a lead of four runs or more. And, as loyal reader Rob Gottschalk reports, the winning pitcher in both of those losses was -- who else? -- Octavio Dotel.
• That wasn't the only mind-boggling development in Game 2 of that NLDS, however. The guy who started that game for the Cardinals, Chris Carpenter, had made more consecutive regular-season starts (174) without allowing three runs in the first inning than any other pitcher in the entire live-ball era. So what did he do in his first postseason inning that day? Give up three in the first to the Phillies. Naturally.
• No team since 1900 had hit a grand slam in four straight home games, in either the regular season or postseason. Then along came the 2011 Diamondbacks. They launched slams in their last two home games of the regular season, then went slamming again in their first two home games in October. Before that, they'd never even hit a slam at home in four consecutive MONTHS in the history of their franchise.
• The Phillies lost three games in the Division Series, and in two of them, they scored at least twice in the first inning. So guess how many games the Phillies lost all season after April 15 when they scored more than once in the first inning? Not once, of course.
• Tigers set-up man Al Alburquerque faced 189 hitters this season. And what did those 189 hitters have in common? Not one of them hit a home run off him. Want to guess what happened on Alburquerque's second pitch of the postseason? Right you are. He served up a grand slam to Robinson Cano.
Halladay
• Before this October, Roy Halladay had started 380 games, regular-season and postseason. He'd given up a three-run first-inning homer in precisely one of them (to Mike Lowell in 2006). So what did Doc Halladay do in the first inning of this postseason? What do you think he did? He allowed a three-run homer to Lance Berkman.
• Finally, on the first day of the regular season at Yankee Stadium, your starting pitching matchup was CC Sabathia versus Justin Verlander. Six months later, on the first day of the postseason at Yankee Stadium, your starting pitching matchup was (yep) CC Sabathia versus Justin Verlander. How strange -- but absolutely true -- was that?
Jayson Stark is a senior writer for ESPN.com. His latest book, "Worth The Wait: Tales of the 2008 Phillies," was published by Triumph Books and is available in a new paperback edition, in bookstores and online. Click here to order a copy.
Follow Jayson Stark on Twitter: @jaysonst
3 people, including a 2-year-old, injured in I-80 shooting
A man died Thursday night after stepping into the path of a car on Interstate 80 in Vallejo, triggering a chain reaction crash. A man died Thursday night after stepping into the path of a car on Interstate 80 in Vallejo, triggering a chain reaction crash. Photo: California Highway Patrol Photo: California Highway Patrol Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 3 people, including a 2-year-old, injured in I-80 shooting 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Three people were injured, including a 2-year-old child, when an unknown assailant opened fire on an East Bay freeway Monday night, authorities said, the latest in a string of shootings on highways in the area.
Around 7 p.m., officers from the California Highway Patrol responded to reports of the shooting on eastbound Interstate 80 near Richmond Parkway in Richmond, CHP officials said.
The first officers on the scene found a car that had been hit by gunfire at a nearby gas station where the occupants had pulled off the freeway to seek help.
The vehicle had been struck by at least one bullet, which shattered a side window. A 2-year-old child riding inside the car suffered minor injuries from being hit by flying glass, the CHP said.
Soon after, a female teenager and a man in his 20s were dropped off at a nearby hospital, both suffering from non-life threatening gunshot wounds, the CHP said. Officials believe they were injured in the same incident and were apparently the intended targets.
The other car that was hit, the one carrying the child, appeared to have been caught in the crossfire, the CHP said.
It was the fifth shooting on Interstate 80 since November.
On Nov. 2, a man was wounded when he was shot while driving on the freeway near San Pablo Dam Road. About a week later, a man was killed and a woman was injured in a car-to-car shooting on the same roadway just a few miles east of Monday night's incident near Pinole Valley Road. Later that same month, a person was injured by flying glass when their car was hit by gunfire while traveling on I-80 in Berkeley.
On Dec. 17, a man was wounded in another apparent car-to-car shooting on the freeway near San Pablo Dam Road in San Pablo, the CHP said. The investigation into that shooting, which occurred around 3 p.m., briefly closed the freeway during rush hour.
It was unclear whether any or all of the incidents were related, but officials said the investigation is ongoing and encouraged anyone with information to contact the CHP at (707) 551-4100.
Kale Williams is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: kwilliams@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfkale
What's interesting to learn about Bay Area venture capital firms, and on the heels of Thursday's TechCrunch Summer Party hosted by August Capital, is that not every one focuses on the United States.
In the case of Tano Capital, the San Mateo, California investment firm founded by Charles E. Johnson, the former President of Franklin Templeton investments, who's its managing director, has its investment interests primarily in India and China.
The firm, established in 2007, started with a few small investments, but then ramped up its activity considerably in 2009. It started with an investment in AltoBeam Technology, a China-based designer of digital TV chipsets. Then Tano placed $2.2 million in TongXue.com, a Chinese-based social network, that's become one of the 50,000 largest websites in the World (and with a really cool animated activity map).
In 2010, Tano Capital's activity increased, to the point that it has now as many deals in play as it did in all of 2009. And Tano's not totally out of the United States in terms of investment deals: it started the Tano Global Hard Assets Fund, which invests in U.S. hard assets.
Tano does all of this from it's offices in San Mateo, Mumbai, Mauritius, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Taipei, and Tianjin.
Get the Zennie Abraham widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox! Not seeing a widget? (More info)
| Zennie62 on Politics, News,
Tech | Atlanta
Focus Blog | Chicago
Focus Blog | Las
Vegas Focus Blog | Los Angeles Focus Blog
| New York Focus
Blog | Oakland Focus
Blog | San Francisco
Focus Blog |
Washington D.C. Focus Blog | Zennie62 On YouTube | Zennie62 On CNN
var wljs_path = "http://ping.worldlogger.com/worldlogger.js";
document.write(unescape("%3Cscript src='"+wljs_path+"' type='text/javascript'%3E%3C/script%3E"));
document.write(unescape("%3Cscript%3Etry { var wl = new wl_WorldLogger('e7080e5b152fa976cb91f1f4209426795499c148', {'ping_location':'http://ping.worldlogger.com'}); } catch(e) { if(console) console.warn(e);}%3C/script%3E"));
Happy Homebrew Wednesday!!! As the title for this week's episode states I've been busy lately especially with transferring beers in and out of my kegs and organizing my current bottled beer stash. Therefore, I've decided to break down the footage that I've included in this episode of HBW in text form in order to add an educational element to my sharing of recent home-brewing activities.
Cheers!
Clip 1: Bottling the remainder of my Russian Imperial Stout
Since kegging my Russian Imperial Stout a few months ago I've been meaning to bottle a portion of it (using the “poor man's beer gun” method) so I could age it for 6 months to a year. However, it wasn't until this past Tuesday (12/15) that I actually did so…As shown in the video I decided to split the remaining beer between bottles of just the base beer and bottles with cold brewed whisky barrel aged coffee added. Just to reiterate the coffee, which I bought off my friend Merlin was aged for 6 weeks in a recently emptied 10 gallon whisky barrels and then home roasted i.e. the beer itself was not barrel aged, the coffee that was added to it was.
Clip 2: Tasting a gravity sample of my doppelbock prior to kegging.
As mentioned in the video I'll now share my doppelbock fermentation schedule:
8 days @ 11-12C (51.8-53.6F) – 0.5C higher than with my pilsners to aid attenuation.
2 days raising to low 60s
2 days in low 60s
Lowered to high 50s and left for 2 days to aid attenuation to goal of 1.022 (Beer Smith estimated FG).
3 days lowering to 5-6C (41-42.8F)
Kegged for lagering in keezer for a month.
Clip Three: Splitting my brown ale between my recently acquired 2.5 kegs.
As mentioned in the video it was difficult to make the split even. The primary reason for it being difficult was my not knowing where the 2.5 mark was inside the kegs. However, as shown in the video, another reason was that I didn't lower the siphon or tip the carboy in time to siphon in as much as I would have liked into the keg of base brown ale. Once one of the kegs kicks and I finish cleaning it I'll definitely be filling it with 2.5 gallons of water in order to find the 2.5 gallon mark for future reference.
Recipe coming in my next HBW post…
Clip Four: Organizing my current beer stash (homebrew and craft beer).
After showing off the new set of shelves that I purchased recently to consolidate my cases of beer; I talk about a problem of mine that I've been meaning to discuss in a video, my “beer graveyard”. I routinely have too much beer on hand and a good amount of it gets lost in the shuffle and becomes either undrinkable or not attractive to drink. Some examples are the following. 1) The leftover beer from a beer and cheese tasting I hosted this past June (shown in the video). 2) Hop forward beers that I don't get to before their hop character fades beyond recognition. 3) Kegs that take quite a while to kick (finish) and I end up having to growler and or bottle up the last gallon or so. Then some of that left over beer sits around for a while and I end up dumping it. Hence, my decision to dump the last 4-5 liters of my rye IPA (shown in this video)…My goal is to find ways to prevent this problem from continuing on its current coarse. Two solutions that I've come up with are brewing smaller batches and or finding more opportunities to share my beers e.g. sending out more beer mail packages.
Cheers and Happy Homebrew Wednesday (or whatever day of the week you read this)!!!!
Advertisements
THE entire front page of the Volkskrant, one of the three top Dutch newspapers, is taken up today by an article about the misleading statements and inaccuracies in Paul Ryan's convention speech on Wednesday. This is interesting largely because the Netherlands is in the middle of its own election campaign, a pretty vicious one in which the leading parties are the laissez-faire Liberals and the far-left Socialists, and the vote is scheduled for September 12th. So you'd think the newspapers would be more occupied with their own country's political business than with controversies about who is or isn't lying in the American presidential campaign. One reason for the attention is that America really is a pretty important country. The other reason is that the story is piggybacking on an analogous controversy that's kicked up this week in the Dutch elections over truth, neutrality and budget assessments, and the comparison is instructive.
The Dutch have a system intended to avoid the sort of fact-free insult-hurling that has plagued America's presidential race this year. The discussion in America over the rival candidates' budget plans has taken place in a vague and undefined discursive space, largely because the Romney-Ryan campaign does not actually have a budget plan. Mr Romney says he will keep the Bush tax cuts, slash income tax rates across the board by 20%, eliminate capital-gains tax for income under $100,000 per year, maintain defence spending, restore the $716 billion over ten years which the Obama (and Ryan) budget would have cut from Medicare outlays, and shrink the budget deficit by closing tax preferences, none of which he specifies. This doesn't add up, as the Center for Tax Policy found last month, but it's hard to say just how it will fail to add up, because Mr Romney has no item-by-item budget plan; we really have no idea how much he proposes to spend if he's elected.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
In the Dutch electoral system, this can't happen. Two months before the elections, every political party is expected to submit a detailed budget plan to a non-partisan agency called the Central Plan Bureau (CPB), which plays a role similar to the Congressional Budget Office in America. The CPB produces an analysis of the economic consequences of those budget plans. The effects are assessed in detail for 2013-2017, and there's also a prognosis for 2040 to discourage parties from larding up their budgets with short-term candy that leads to negative long-term consequences. The CPB's report came out Monday, and most parties had their strong and weak points. Of the two parties most likely to win the elections, the Liberals did well on deficit-cutting and long-term job creation but hiked income inequality and hurt household purchasing power; the Socialists did well on purchasing power and jobs in the short run but had low employment growth in the long run.
The Socialists, however, were angry about a separate point: the CPB found their plans to reduce free-market competition in the health sector would lead to waiting lists. The Socialists say this isn't true, that it depends how much you're willing to spend on the sector, and they say that question doesn't fall within the CPB's remit; they're not health-care experts, they're economic experts, and they're expected to simply report what the economic effects would be. That disagreement came on top of Socialist anger over another health-care clash during a candidate debate last Sunday. In the debate, the Socialist candidate, Emile Roemer, started to lay into the Liberal candidate and current premiere, Mark Rutte, for proposing to increase out-of-pocket expenses in health-insurance plans. Mr Rutte immediately denied that he had proposed to do so. Mr Roemer, like most political observers who believed the Liberals' plans to raise the out-of-pocket limit were public knowledge, was flummoxed. It turned out after the debate that Mr Rutte had worked out a complicated theory that his party's plans constituted a transfer of some types of expenses from one category to another, rather than a hike in out-of-pocket expenses as such; but fact-checkers ruled this claim was false, and that the Liberal proposal was basically a hike in the out-of-pocket limit. In the meantime, however, Mr Rutte had effectively shut down Mr Roemer's attack in front of prime-time viewers. Mr Roemer was widely agreed to have lost the debate, and the Socialists have declined in the polls this week.
The upshot is that, just as in America, the Dutch media are tossing around the question of whether neutral evaluations in the political campaign are worth anything. Some question the usefulness of the economic models the CPB uses, which (like all economic models) have never successfully predicted what the economy will do several years down the road. Others wonder whether the Dutch public pays any attention to fact-checkers, or whether a politician is better off scoring a telling point even if it turns out not to be true. Hence the headline of the Volkskrant article, which refers to the controversy over the Republican campaign in America but might as well be talking about the Dutch one: "The results count, not the truth".
What the comparison with the American example points out, though, is that, for all the current media scepticism, the mechanism of the CPB evaluation dramatically raises the caliber of the electoral debate in the Netherlands. Obviously such assessments are to a large extent artificial: the actual budget of the Dutch government will look nothing like any of the proposals submitted by the parties, because the government will be a coalition of several parties, and the budget will be the result of a negotiating process. The same thing happens in America, where the president's proposed budget bears only a vague relationship to what ultimately emerges from Congress. Nonetheless, by forcing each party to commit to hard numbers in its budget proposals, the CPB evaluation tethers the Dutch political debate to fiscal reality. Even the Socialists, the party most often accused of fiscal irresponsibility, have presented a plan full of cuts and tax hikes that eliminates the budget deficit by 2017. Arguably, this bias towards austerity is pro-cyclical and a bad thing in a liquidity trap; perhaps the Dutch system encourages too much probity, but that's a separate subject. The point is, it is simply impossible, in the Netherlands, for a political party to end up systematically ignoring math and accounting the way the Republicans have at least since George Bush's campaign in 2000.
Could we institute something like this in America? No. We can't. The reason is that in America, there are only two significant political parties. It's impossible for a neutral arbiter to preserve its public legitimacy when ruling on subjects of partisan dispute in an election if there are only two disputing parties. Neither side will accept the referee's judgments. The reason it works, for the moment, in the Netherlands is that there are currently ten parties represented in parliament, four to six of which are major contenders. That spreads the political polarities out in different directions and creates more space for neutrality.
Hopefully the Dutch will continue to recognise the value of these refereeing institutions despite the current bout of fashionable, world-weary "ah, but what is truth?" pique. As to why the American press is becoming disillusioned with the fact-checking project: a lot of it has to do with the country's debilitating division into just two bitterly opposed political parties. It's no surprise that this kind of Manichaean political landscape sucks away the space for any legitimate neutral arbiter. Imagine what would happen to the legitimacy of baseball umpires if there were only two teams in the Major Leagues, playing every single game against each other.
(Photo credit: AFP)
A civil rights group in Georgia says it will proceed with a demonstration against a bar in the state notorious for posting racially inflammatory messages on a roadside sign, even after the establishment removed its latest controversial statement.
Gerald Rose, founder of the New Order National Human Rights Organization, announced plans earlier this month to hold a sit-in at Mulligan's Food & Spirits in Marietta, Ga. in response to its decision to post a sign that read, "I heard the White House smelled like collard greens and fried chicken."
(Photo via South Cobb Patch)
Mulligan's has since taken down the message, ReddingNewsReview.com reports, but that hasn't swayed Rose.
"I don't trust them," Rose told the outlet. "Even though they took down the sign we are still going to keep our eyes open and move forward with our protest."
Rose's sit-in is scheduled for Saturday at 3 p.m.
It's far from the first time Mulligan's has enflamed tensions by publicly displaying racist messages. Former owner Mike Mulligan, who died in 2011, was responsible for some of the most controversial signs, which have included slurs against Latinos and anti-Muslim language. South Cobb Patch has a photo montage of some of the offending words.
Katherine of Alexandria, brought up as a nomad and living in the desert, was aged just 11 when Emperor Maxentius saw her whilst out on patrol. Consumed by her beauty, impudence and uncanny talent for languages, he abducted the child, killing her family. The slaughter was witnessed by her young friend, Constantine, who would later become Emperor of the Western Roman Empire. He never lost hope of finding Katherine. As a young woman, Katherine refused to submit to Maxentius' offers of marriage and she continually denounced his brutal enforcement of pagan religion upon the masses. Still obsessed with her beauty, Maxentius brought Katherine before 50 of Rome's finest scholars in an open court in Alexandria, where she eloquently demolished their arguments. When Constantine learned of Katherine's whereabouts and imprisonment at the hands of Maxentius, he led his army from York in a desperate bid to save her. Written by Anonymous
In a good month, Laura Cairns makes $1,600 doing temp work at warehouses and for fire and flood restoration contractors.
But her pay usually tops out at $1,300 a month.
Cairns, 56, is paid $10.25 an hour, B.C.'s minimum wage. The New Westminster resident has experience as a retail, hotel and office manager, but after a 10-year gap in her work history to care for her aging mother, temporary labour jobs are the only ones she's been able to find since returning to the workforce.
“There's no guarantee of hours, and wages are low, so you can barely make it by,” Cairns said.
In the eyes of the B.C. government, Cairns is not a typical minimum-wage earner: she's not a student who still lives at home. Statistics show that 110,000 British Columbians make the minimum wage, representing 5.9% of workers. Over half of those who make minimum wage, 52%, live with their parents; according to the BC Federation of Labour (BC Fed), 47% are over the age of 25.
B.C. Jobs Minister Shirley Bond said those relatively small numbers played a part in her government's decision to raise the province's minimum wage by just $0.20. The minimum wage will increase to $10.45 from $10.25 in September and will then go up yearly, based on inflation.
Economists, labour leaders and business groups agree it's time B.C. followed a yearly process for predictable increases to the minimum wage. Other Canadian provinces and several U.S. states already tie their minimum wage to inflation.
B.C.'s previous ad hoc approach led to the province's hourly minimum wage being frozen at $8 between 2001 and 2011. That stasis was not good for B.C.'s economy, said Jock Finlayson, executive vice-president and chief policy officer at the Business Council of BC.
“We were concerned that freezing it was reducing the purchasing power of the people who are paid at minimum wage,” Finlayson said, “and that it was also going to build up pressure for a big jump in the minimum wage, which is just what happened.”
In 2011 and 2012, the hourly minimum wage was raised in three increments to $10.25.
But there is less consensus on whether $10.45 is still too low. The BC Fed is calling for an immediate jump to $15 an hour, inspired by recent victories in Seattle and San Francisco. Along with other social advocacy organizations, the labour group says raising the minimum wage is important to reduce poverty in B.C.
“If you work full-time, you shouldn't live in poverty,” said BC Fed president Irene Lanzinger.
David Green, a labour economist at the University of British Columbia, called the $0.20 increase “practically laughable.”
“Inequality in Canada as a whole and B.C. in particular has gone up dramatically in the past three decades,” Green said. “Little increments in the minimum wage – in this case, an increment that doesn't even keep up with the consumer price index since the last change – have obviously not done much of anything to prevent that kind of increase.”
B.C. has had either the highest or one of the highest child poverty rates in the country for the past nine years, according to the BC Poverty Reduction Coalition. All other provinces except B.C. have now adopted a poverty reduction plan.
While Bond emphasized the small number of B.C. workers who make $10.25 an hour, the minimum wage affects more than those who earn the lowest pay. According to the BC Federation of Labour, 500,000 B.C. workers – roughly a quarter of all the province's workers – make between $10.25 and $15 an hour. Increases to the minimum wage put upward pressure on other wages.
That's a concern for business groups, who say small, incremental changes are manageable – but a big jump would increase labour costs for small-business owners, who will then be reluctant to hire new staff.
Finlayson said studies by economists have shown that small increases in the minimum wage don't have a negative impact on employment. But far less is known about the impact of a big increase.
“We don't have a lot of real-world examples in the kind of things Seattle is doing,” Finlayson said.
The Seattle experiment
In Seattle, where 24% of the city's workers are paid $15 or less, small businesses are bracing for a series of $0.50-a-year increases that will raise the city's hourly minimum wage to $15 by 2021. (Businesses with more than 500 employees are required to raise the wage quicker.)
Anthony Anton, CEO of the Washington Restaurant Association, said his members will adjust, but “the math has got to change.”
Labour costs currently represent around 36% of business costs for restaurants in Washington.
“If nothing changes and we go to $15, our labour costs will be 47%,” Anton said.
In 1998, when annual minimum-wage increases tied to inflation were introduced in Washington state, restaurants increased food prices every year instead of every three to five years, Anton said. They also tended to hire fewer teenagers, and some eliminated positions like bussers and prep cooks.
Anton expects restaurants in Seattle to make similar decisions as the minimum wage steadily increases over the next six years.
Kelly Gordon, managing partner of a group that owns three Romers Burger Bar restaurants in Vancouver, said labour costs make up 32% of the business' expenses. Around half of the employees make B.C.'s minimum server wage, $9 an hour, which will also rise $0.20 in September. Kitchen staff are paid between $12 and $18 an hour.
To keep up with rising costs, Gordon's company increases food prices twice a year.
“It's manageable and it's predictable as to when it's going to happen,” Gordon said of the B.C. minimum-wage increase.
“Obviously there's some pressure to reach $15. That starts to be very scary for us.”
But Mike Wiebe, owner of Eight 1/2 Restaurant Lounge in Vancouver's Mount Pleasant neighbourhood, said he thinks the $0.20 increase is too low. Because housing costs are so high in Vancouver, many of his employees must live with roommates in order to pay the rent.
“I think $11 is a good amount for people to pay,” Weibe said. “But I think we are trending in the right direction, and having cities like Seattle go to $15 – we can look at the effect of what's happening in that city and what's going to work for small business.”
Minimum wage rates in Canada. Source: Business Council of BC
While some Seattle businesses are apprehensive about the change, Anton praised the way the City of Seattle crafted the new law. It worked with labour groups and social service agencies, as well as several business groups, to put the policy in place.
“It gives us time to try things out and test the market,” he said.
The BC Federation of Labour is calling for “$15 in 2015.”
“But we've never ruled out discussing some kind of phase-in,” said Lanzinger. “I think [Seattle] did a really good job of getting everybody together and coming up with a plan that took care of everybody's concerns.”
Cities in Canada don't have the authority to set a municipal minimum wage. So far, the B.C. government has been adamant that the province's hourly minimum wage will not go up to $15.
jstdenis@biv.com
@jenstden
A particularly stupid move on my part over the weekend left the tip of my right index finger sliced open. Not enough to need a trip to the hospital, but enough that I'm reminded of its existence every time my finger drifts across a rough surface. And the cut is just enough to get in the way of unlocking my Nexus 6P the way I typically unlock it, which means I have to shift my finger just a bit to confirm to unlock and move on with the rest of my interaction. No big deal, there's plenty of fingers there for the sensor to grab and I've got other fingers stored if it becomes a problem. Only it shouldn't have been a problem at all, remember? My phone is supposed to be learning as I use it, and I don't think that has been happening.
When Google introduced the Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X, one of the big features was "Nexus Imprint." Not only did these two phones include some of the fastest fingerprint sensors on the market at the time, but the act of registering a new fingerprint was by far the fastest in the industry. This fingerprint process is fast because it only captures six images to make up your whole fingerprint, which wouldn't normally be enough to cover a whole fingerprint effectively. Google's explanation for using so few steps in the capture process was a special learning process baked into Nexus Imprint. Dave Burke told us so on stage during the Nexus 6P launch event.
What's really cool? It's that Nexus Imprint gets better over time. With each use it learns more about your unique fingerprint.
While that sounded really special, we never actually got an explanation of what specifically was happening during this process. We did learn that unless you're very careful with the six "pictures" the Nexus 6P and 5X take to save your fingerprint to memory, there's a very real chance of creating fingerprint records that are incomplete. Nexus Imprint is supposed to fill in these gaps over time, seamlessly, so you barely even notice they're happening. It's a terribly clever idea, a spectacularly Google thing to do. It's also not happening on my Nexus 6P.
For a phone that has been sucking up my fingerprint just about every day for the last month and a half, my Nexus 6P still fails to unlock my phone in all the same places it did when I first set it up. The only difference is, now that I've sliced the tip of my finger open I'm using those parts of my finger deliberately instead of accidentally. While this could absolutely be resolved by remapping my finger after the cut heals or just using another finger, it's strange to see absolutely no evidence of Nexus Imprint learning more about my fingerprint or getting better over time. It still feels the same, and while that still means this is a great fingerprint sensor, it'd be nice to see some evidence of Google's claim. How's Nexus Imprint working for you?
I'm sincerely contemplating making another blog that just deals with the amount of ignorance, hate and vitriol artists have to deal with on a daily basis.
Another day, another artist who gets called out for having the sheer gall to re-imagine a canonically male character as a girl.
I don't think people realize how hard it is to please everyone, and sometimes artists just want to please themselves. Sometimes they want to see themselves represented - and why would anyone deny them as much? If an artist provides their service for free, the least you can do is allow them some creative freedom. If you can't bring yourself to do as little, then leave them alone entirely. They didn't hone their craft for years to satisfy the demands of everyone who observes their work. I cannot even begin to comprehend how anyone would come to such a conclusion, that the mere fact that an artist chooses to publish their work entitles their followers to anything.
I cannot phrase this in any way that won't make it sound abrasive - but if you think any individual artist owes you representation, you're wrong. You're free to make your case in regards to how certain minorities are underrepresented in general, but that doesn't justify attacking artists personally. Usually, you know nothing about them, and what influenced their creative decisions - so why do you consider your own self-worth more important than that of the artist you've chosen to single out?
If you think they're in the wrong for not catering to you, you need to take a step back - then pick up a pen. You do it. Every time you want to attack and harass an artist (excluded: arguments presented in good faith), draw the representation you want to see more of. That is by far the most constructive approach. Not only are you leaving the dignity of a fellow human being intact, but you're channeling your displeasure in a healthy and productive manner. It's a therapeutic process, and unquestionably preferable to reinforcing your anger and frustration by taking it out on someone else.
Justice Department Investigating Maine City's Church Zoning Law
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
The U.S. Department of Justice has opted to investigate a Maine city's zoning law regarding restrictions for churches wanting space at shopping malls.
The DOJ sent a letter informing officials of Brewer about the investigation, which would also review the city's denial of an application for expansion for The Rock Church.
Steven Rosenbaum, chief of housing and civil enforcement for the Justice Department, sent a letter to officials in Brewer regarding their church land use ordinance.
"Our investigation will focus on how the city's zoning law treats religious land uses and the justification therefore," wrote Rosenbaum. "We also are reviewing, as part of our investigation, the city's denial of the Rock Church's application for permission to expand."
Kirk Winters, pastor at The Rock Church, told The Christian Post that he was surprised that the Justice Department was reviewing his church's previous attempt to expand.
"I am both surprised and pleased that the DOJ is investigating Brewer's zoning law. Surprised that this case would warrant federal attention, and pleased that Brewer will now have to comply with federal law," said Winters.
Back in January, The Rock Church was meeting at the North Brewer Shopping Plaza. Its growth prompted an expansion, for which the church submitted an application to the city. However, officials rejected the expansion because as they would discover churches are not allowed to be in the Shopping Plaza due to Brewer's zoning law.
According to Article 5 Non-Conformance Section 502.2.1 regarding "Continuation of Use," while the church could remain at the Shopping Plaza it was not allowed to expand.
"A non-conforming use or facility may be continued, but may not be extended or changed unless to a conforming use, except as permitted in accordance with the provisions of this Land Use Code," reads the Article sent to Winters in a letter from Benjamin Breadmore, Code Enforcement Officer representing the city.
"The use of a church in the convenience business zone is a legal non-conforming use and therefore cannot be expanded," wrote Breadmore.
The Rock Church ended up moving to Bangor for more space and is, according to Winters, presently expanding its building there for its congregation, which holds four weekend worship services.
In an interview with The Christian Post, Breadmore explained that the current status of the DOJ investigation involves his office gathering the paperwork on the zoning law's past use.
"The current status of the investigation is that my office is compiling records for all of our assembly occupancies throughout the city for the past 10 years," said Breadmore. "We are also compiling any and all citations, notice of violations, or orders to cease a certain use of a structure that have been issued since 2002 concerning all religious and nonreligious assembly occupancies."
When asked by CP if a possible overturning of the zoning law would prompt The Rock Church to return to North Brewer Shopping Plaza, Winters said it was unlikely given their expansion efforts in Bangor.
Based on the Ford Fusion Hybrid, it has "full pursuit" capabilities, and runs on the battery only below 60 mph, depending on the charge (Ford didn't specify the lithium-ion battery's capacity, but it doesn't appear to be the plug-in model). That's backed up by an Atikinson-cycle 2.0-liter engine that puts out 141 horsepower in the stock Fusion configuration.
It will go into pursuit mode when the throttle is held down for five seconds, engaging both the gas and electric motors. While not as quick as the 3.7-liter turbocharged Taurus-based Interceptor, Ford figures it'll be fast enough to earn law enforcement's "pursuit" rating.
With a 38 mpg rating compared to 18 mpg combined for the current car, Ford figures it'll save around a quarter-gallon of gas per hour, amounting in up to $3,900 a year in savings. At the same time, it's "certified by police agencies to be tough enough to handle police pursuits for longer periods at different speeds and over obstacles such as curbs and flooded intersections," Ford writes.
Law enforcement groups are interested in the Police Responder's economy, but concerned about its reliability. "Anytime you can save money it is good," Michigan-based Police Chief Thomas Korabik told the Associated Press. "I'd want to see the car first and see how it would hold up." He also wondered whether it's big enough to handle the computers and other equipment now hosted by most police cars.
Monsanto gets green light to plant genetically modified corn
January 22nd, 2013 (InsideCostaRica.com) The National Biosafety Committee has decided by majority to give the green light to the multinational company Monsanto to plant one or two hecatures of genetically modified maize in Costa Rica.
The decision was confirmed by Alejandro Hernandez, a member of the Commission from the Ministry of Science and Technology, and by the NGO, Coecoceiba.
The request to plant the GMO crop was made by the company D&PL Semillas Ltda last November, and caused quite a controversy in the country, including a march by concerned citizens to the country's capital. Monsanto purchased D&PL's (Delta & Pine Land) parent company in 2006, also a U.S. firm.
There are currently 443.1 hectares of biotech crops already planted in Costa Rica, of which 394.3 hectares are cotton, 44.6 soybeans, 1 ha of banana and 3.2 of pineapple. The plantations are owned by companies such as Olson Seed, D&PL, Bayer, and Del Monte, according to data from the State Phytosanitary Service (SFE).
However, don't expect GMO produce in the vegetable isle anytime soon in Costa Rica. The GMO crops can only be planted for seed or research, not for consumption, and cannot be marketed in country. All seed produced is exported.
Related articles
ATTENTION: If you are seeing this message,
Advertisement
Get our news delivered fresh to your inbox every morning. Click here to subscribe to our email list. We hate spam too and never send commercial email.
OnFaith question: The Dalai Lama, who is in Washington, D.C., for a ten day event, has written: “I have come to the conclusion that whether or not a person is a religious believer does not matter much. Far more important is that they be a good human being.”… “That is why I sometimes say that religion is something we can perhaps do without. ”It seems many in the West agree with the spiritual leader, as millions report that they incorporate Buddhist practices such as meditation or mindfulness into their own spiritual activities without necessarily adopting Buddhism as their religion. Does religion aid or hinder the spiritual journey? Can you practice Buddhism without becoming Buddhist?
As a secular humanist, I believe we can gain knowledge of the world through observation, experimentation, reading, and critical thinking. I believe that ethical values are derived from human needs and interests, and are tested and refined by experience. I believe that our deeds are more important than our creeds, and that dogmas should never override compassion for others. I don't think we should give credit to a deity for our accomplishments or blame satanic forces when we behave badly. I believe we should take responsibility for our actions.
I think the Dalai Lama would agree with everything I just said. I applaud him for saying we can do without religion, and that whether a person is a religious believer is not as important as whether the person is a good human being. I also agree with the Dalai Lama when he says, “If scientific analysis were conclusively to demonstrate certain claims in Buddhism to be false, then we must accept the findings of science and abandon those claims.”
Practicing parts of Buddhism certainly doesn't make me a Buddhist. I probably “practice” parts of most religions, the portions I consider reasonable and consistent with my secular humanism. This means, of course, that I reject almost all beliefs and practices in most religions. My patriotic Fourth of July celebration included reading the rather short Jefferson Bible. Thomas Jefferson used a razor to cut out the supernatural parts of the New Testament and other passages he thought were morally wrong. Jefferson called what remained, “Diamonds in a dunghill.” I recommend reading all books skeptically and looking for whatever diamonds or pearls of wisdom they may contain.
I expect meditation helps many people relax and gain insights. I tried it, and found that going on a long run in the woods works better for me. Back in 1970, I took a yoga class to become more relaxed and flexible. Our teacher told us about a weekend yoga retreat, which I attended. In addition to yoga, we were introduced to reincarnation. Whether in Buddhism or any other religion, reincarnation is not one of my diamonds. A retreat leader regressed several participants to “past lives.” After the session, I talked to a couple of the regressed who believed their past life experiences were real. Otherwise, they seemed normal, which made me question the meaning of “normal.” More than 40 years later, I'm still questioning “normal.”
The Dalai Lama and I differ significantly on a central tenet of Tibetan Buddhism, that he (born Lhamo Dondrub) was reincarnated to become the 14th Dalai Lama. I believe that neither he nor I have past lives or that we will have future lives. Nevertheless, if all religious believers showed as much compassion as the Dalai Lama does to those of different faiths and none, we would have a far more peaceful world.
The latest Fox News poll finds that just 15 percent of voters approve of the job Congress is doing, while about five times as many, 74 percent, disapprove.
That's a bit worse than in January, when 17 percent approved and 74 percent disapproved. For comparison, Congress hit a low 9 percent approval in October 2013 following the government shutdown over the budget.
Here's one example of why lawmakers get such low marks: 49 percent of voters feel it is important Congress pass tax reform legislation this year. At the same time, far fewer, 14 percent, think it's likely to get accomplished.
CLICK HERE TO READ FULL POLL RESULTS
“Trump could use a win right now, and tax reform probably represents his best opportunity to get something done legislatively,” says Republican pollster Daron Shaw, who conducts the Fox News Poll with Democratic counterpart Chris Anderson.
“But the public doubts anyone, whether an experienced Washington hand or an energetic outsider, can overcome partisan dysfunction in Congress.”
Nearly 8-in-10 expects a tax overhaul won't happen this year (78 percent).
Reforming the tax system is much more important to Republicans (70 percent) than Democrats (29 percent). Still, they share doubt it'll happen: 76 percent of Republicans and 79 percent of Democrats say it is unlikely Congress will pass tax reform.
“If there is good news here for Republican leaders it is expectations are low on this important issue,” says Anderson.
“If tax reform were to be accomplished this year, it could renew faith among some Republicans that Trump can accomplish at least some of what he campaigned on.”
Meanwhile, more voters view Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell negatively than positively by 29 points (20 percent favorable vs. 49 percent unfavorable).
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer is viewed negatively by 7 points (27 vs. 34 percent).
House Speaker Paul Ryan has a net negative of 13 (35 vs. 48 percent), while House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is at minus 21 (31 vs. 52 percent).
Forty-four percent have a favorable view of President Donald Trump, while 55 percent have an unfavorable opinion (-11 points).
Vice President Mike Pence is in positive territory: 46 percent favorable vs. 43 percent unfavorable.
The Fox News poll is based on landline and cellphone interviews with 1,006 randomly chosen registered voters nationwide and was conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R) from August 27-29, 2017. The poll has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points for all registered voters.
Houston Texans starting OLT Duane Brown has been suspended four games by the NFL, two sources told FOXSports.com.
Article continues below ...
The NFL later announced that Brown has been suspended without pay for four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances.
“We are disappointed that Duane Brown has been suspended. This is a significant blow to our team. Our players have to understand that they are responsible for what goes into their bodies and that they take risks anytime they use a supplement not approved by the NFL,” Texans GM Rick Smith said. “Our head athletic trainer, head strength and conditioning coach as well as our team nutritionist have had many meetings and presentations constantly reminding our players about the dangers of the supplemental industry and risks associated with taking non-approved products.
(Head coach) Gary (Kubiak) and our coaches are game planning for Dallas and he will be available for comment tomorrow after practice. I am confident in our coaches and our players that we will work through this adversity and continue to play winning football.”
Brown's suspension begins immediately. He will be eligible to return to the Texans' active roster on Monday, October 18 following the team's October 17 game against the Kansas City Chiefs.
“First off, I want to personally apologize to Mr. McNair, Coach Kubiak and the rest of the coaching staff, my teammates, family and to all the great and loyal Texans fans,” Brown said. “I take full responsibility for putting myself in this situation. I unknowingly took a supplement tainted with a banned substance and now have to deal with the consequences. After reviewing the appeal process and speaking with legal counsel, I have decided not to appeal my suspension. I understand the rules and accept my punishment.
I vow to learn from this mistake and be a better player and teammate because of it.”
Backup OT Rashad Butler is expected to fill in for Brown. The team was expected to re-sign OT Ephraim Salaam, according to his marketing company.
Brown was selected in the first-round of the 2008 NFL Draft by the Texans. Brown has started 34 straight games since being drafted.
The Texans are already without Cushing, the star linebacker who was suspended for four games for the same infraction.
Cushing, the reigning Associated Press Defensive Rookie of the Year, was suspended in May for testing positive for HCG, a fertility drug that is on the NFL's banned substances list. Cushing claims that he has a unique medical condition that triggered the positive test, but his appeal was denied.
Cushing is eligible to return Oct. 10, when Houston hosts the New York Giants.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
On average, tech companies employ just over 13% female engineers. The ones that are employed don't usually stick around; over half of women in science, technology, and engineering step away from their careers –often in their 30s–largely because of rampant sexism in the industry.
No one know more about this than Dame Stephanie “Steve” Shirley, a British Holocaust refugee who founded a software company, called F.I. Group, in 1962. On the TED 2015 stage, Shirley spoke about her experiences being a pioneer for women in STEM–and hitting the glass ceiling “too often.”
Shirley launched F.I. Group–initially, an almost all-female company–because it was so difficult for women to get jobs at the time. “People laughed at the idea of it. Software at the time was given away free with hardware, and [people thought] no one would buy it, and certainly not from a woman,” she said.
Nonetheless, she forged ahead, hiring qualified women to work from home who had initially left the workforce after having a child, and pioneering the concept of women going back into the workforce after a career break. She did something else unorthodox: giving a quarter of the company to her employees, eventually making many of them millionaires.
“Who would have guessed the programming of black box flight recorders or the supersonic Concorde would have been done by a bunch of women working in their own homes?” she asked.
Programming at the time was nothing like it is today. The women worked with pencil and paper to create flow charts defining the tasks that needed to be done, then wrote out code and sent it by mail to a center, where it was punched onto a card and finally sent to a computer.
Running the business was never easy. Shirley changed her name from Stephanie to Steve when writing business letters, so that she could get through the door at meetings before people realized she was a woman. “You can always tell ambitious women by the shape of our heads. They're flat on top from being patted patronizingly,” she said.
The cluster of ideas underlying effective altruism is an important part of my worldview, and I believe it would be valuable for many people to be broadly familiar with these ideas. As I mentioned in an earlier LessWrong post, I was pleasantly surprised that many advisees for Cognito Mentoring (including some who are still in high school) were familiar with and interested in effective altruism. Further, our page on effective altruism learning resources has been one of our more viewed pages in recent times, with people spending about eight minutes on average on the page according to Google Analytics.
In this post, I consider the two questions:
Are people in high school ready to understand the ideas of effective altruism? Are there benefits from exposing people to effective altruist ideas when they are still in high school?
1. Are people in high school ready to understand the ideas of effective altruism?
I think that the typical LessWrong reader would have been able to grasp key ideas of effective altruism (such as room for more funding and earning to give) back in ninth or tenth grade from the existing standard expositions. Roughly, I expect that people who are 2 or more standard deviations above the mean in IQ can understand the ideas when they begin high school, and those who are 1.5 standard deviations above the mean in IQ can understand the ideas by the time they end high school. Certainly, some aspects of the discussion, such as the one charity argument, benefit from knowledge of calculus. Both the one charity argument and the closely related concept of room for more funding are linked with the idea of marginalism in economics. But it's not a dealbreaker: people can understand the argument better with calculus or economics, but they can understand it reasonably well even without. And it might also work in reverse: seeing these applications before studying the formal mathematics or economics may make people more interested in mastering the mathematics or economics.
Of course, just because people can understand effective altruist ideas if they really want to, doesn't mean they will do so. It may be necessary to simplify the explanations and improve the exposition so as to make it more attractive to younger people. An alternative route would be to sneak the explanations into things young people are already engaging with. This could be an academic curriculum or a story. Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality is arguably an example of the latter, though it is focused more on rationality than on effective altruism.
However, I'm highly uncertain of my guesstimates, partly because I'm not very actively in touch with a representative cross-section of typical, or even of intellectually gifted, high school students. The subset of people I know is generally mediated by several levels of selection bias. I'm therefore quite eager to hear thoughts, particularly from people who are themselves high school students or have tried to discuss effective altruist ideas with high school students.
2. Are there benefits from exposing people to effective altruist ideas when they are still in high school?
Effective altruism as it was originally conceived has been highly focused on the question of where to donate money for the most impact (this is the focus of organizations such as GiveWell and Giving What We Can). This makes it of less direct relevance to people still in high school, because they don't have much disposable income. But there are arguably other benefits. Some examples:
In recent times, there has been more discussion in the effective altruist community about smart career choice. This seems to have begun with discussion of earning to give. 80,000 Hours has played an important role in shaping the conversation on altruistic career choice. Since people start thinking about careers while in high school, effective altruism is potentially relevant. (This page compiles some links to discussions of altruistic career choice -- we'll be adding more to that as we learn more).
Lifestyle choices and habits can have an effect on the world both directly (for instance, being vegetarian, or recycling) and indirectly (good habits promote better earning or higher savings that can then be redirected to altruistic causes, or people can become more productive and generate more social value through their jobs). For the lifestyle choices that have a direct effect, it's never too early to start. For instance, if being vegetarian is the right thing, one might as well switch as a teenager. For the indirect effects, starting earlier gives one more lead time to develop skills and habits. If frugal living habits and greater stamina at work promote earning to give, then these habits may be better to set while still a teenager than when one is 25. The Effective Altruists Facebook page includes discussions of many questions of this sort in addition to discussions about where to donate.
A number of people in high school and college are attracted to activities that ostensibly generate social value. Learning effective altruist ideas may make students more skeptical of many such activities and approach the decision of whether to participate in them more critically. For instance, a stalwart of effective altruism may not see much point (from the social value perspective) in going on a school-sponsored trip to lay bricks for a schoolhouse in Africa. The person may still engage in it as a fun activity, but will not have illusions about it being an activity of high social value. Similarly, people may be more skeptical of the social value of activities that involve volunteering in one's community for tasks where they are easily replaceable by others.
The effective altruist movement could itself benefit from a greater diversity of people contributing and participating. High school students may have insights that adults overlook.
Did I miss other points? Counterpoints? Do you have relevant experience that can shed light on the discussion? I'm eager to hear thoughts.
Some ideas in the post were based on discussion with my Cognito Mentoring collaborator Jonah Sinick.
UPDATE: The post provoked some discussion in a thread on the Effective Altruists Facebook group.
Why did I stay? I ask myself all of the time, even after being gone for six years. My situation was not the worst that you will hear about. It definitely was not the best relationship. I've talked about it before on the blog. My abuser wasn't physically abusive to me, except that one time or maybe two times. See, how I made it seem like it wasn't a big deal? That's what happens when you're in an abusive relationship. The abuse isn't a big deal. Well, that's what you tell yourself and other people. However, it is a big deal.
It is THE deal. The abuse is why you do things that seem strange to other people. It is why you lie about bruises. It's why you make it seem that the yelling that your neighbors hear is fine. Of course, the victim thinks it's their fault. Abusers love that because it makes their job of abusing so much easier.
My abuser was more of a verbal, emotional, financial abuser. There were accusations of child abuse against him that no one could prove. Inconclusive was the word that children's services used. Inconclusive. That word kept me awake for years. If he abused my kids physically, he did it when I was asleep. So for a long time, I felt guilty for sleeping. He was verbally and emotionally abusive to my kids. So it's not much of a stretch to think he could be physically abusive also.
Today, I was thinking about the time I should have gotten his baseball bat and busted his kneecap. I was trying to get my then two year old daughter dressed. He came in and insisted on doing it. I tried to push him away from her and he pushed me away. Yeah, I would've gone to jail for busting his knees. Would it have been worth it to get him away from my kids? I regret it everyday that I didn't get the bat.
However, there are other ways of leaving an abusive relationship. I didn't know it then.
I stayed because I was a coward. I stayed because I didn't think I was worth more. I stayed because he always had the car keys. I stayed because he “borrowed” my credit cards. I stayed because he had my mind so twisted that I defended him, lied for him, etc. I let him do other things that I can't even write about because they are so embarrassing.
I was bringing a new child into the world. I had let my older kid's live with their dad until the abuser was gone. I didn't see them for at least six months because he was around. I missed them but I didn't know how to leave my abuser.
When I think about what a terrible person he was, I ask myself “Why did I stay so long?”
Finally, one day I was just done. I decided that a life with him was not the way to live. Life is not supposed to be that terrible. I sacrificed everything to be with him. He wasn't worth any of it. I haven't regretted leaving once. It was the best thing I could do.
So my advice to anyone in an abusive relationship is to leave. Find a way because there is a way. Do not make the abusers job easy anymore.
Chung Sang-hoon, 34, has taken a year off of his intensive sales job to stay at home with his children.
Taking paternity leave was previously unheard of in South Korea. Now, a small group of “superdads” are joining a growing, government-encouraged movement.
“The reason I took childcare leave is I want to be different from my father's generation,” Sang-hoon said. “Everything is definitely worth it, from preparing breakfast to doing the dishes. I can live for the sake of values I find important.”
His wife, Jeon Jeong-mi, said her husband taking paternity leave has been a huge help to her career.
“I can work without feeling pressure,” she told Reuters. “I don't have to worry about home. And I do not have to go home early. Also, I do not need to feel sorry for my kids whenever I go to work in the morning.”
These “superdads” are challenging gender roles in South Korea, where men are expected to work long hours and be minimally involved with raising kids.
The country's rigid gender expectations have led South Korean women to believe they're being punished in the workplace because they may have to take time off to care for their kids down the road, per Reuters.
As a result, South Korea has the lowest birth rate of wealthy nations, which is why South Korean President Park Geun-hye has made increasing the number of men who take paternity leave a priority — both to address the low birth rate and to give women's careers a boost.
While only 5% of the total number of parents in South Korea who took leave in the first half of 2015 were men, this number has increased from the previous year. The government is aiming to have it be 30% by 2030.
“The culture of long work hours needs to be improved so as to allow more time for men to get involved with childcare and family,” Hong Seung-ah, a fellow at the Korean Women's Development Institute in Seoul, told Reuters.
Story by Allan Smith and editing by Kristen Griffin
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Some argue that America's less a melting pot than a salad bowl—a bunch of people of different races and ethnicities that might live side by side, but don't mix. Well, according to a sweeping study of US genetics, there's a lot more melting going on than some may realize.
The study, just published in The American Journal of Human Genetics (pdf), uses the gigantic database compiled by 23and Me, a company that offers commercial genetic testing. (About 80% of customers grant permission for scientists to use their data.) Focusing on the genetic backgrounds of those who identify themselves as African-American, European-American, and Latino, the team's research reflects a wide degree of mixed ancestry.
Screenshot from "The Genetic Ancestry of African Americans, Latinos, and European Americans across the United States," Bryc et al. 2015 Each point represents a self-reported individual and is positioned within the triangle reflecting the amount of ancestry estimated from each population. Note that each individual is plotted as a semi-transparent point to convey density of individuals. Only a random sample of 10,000 of the European americans are shown for plotting purposes.
This chart belies the variation across US states, though. For instance, southern self-identified European-Americans have the highest concentration of African DNA. Of those living in South Carolina and Louisiana, one in 20 have at least 2% African ancestry. Lower that threshold to 1%, and it turns out that in many parts of the south, around one in 10 self-identified European-Americans have African DNA. (Note: Since they represented only a small fraction of individuals in the dataset, the study excluded people who self-reported as having multiple ethnic identities.)
23andMe
African ancestry also varies a lot among self-identified African-Americans:
23andMe
Comparing European ancestry estimates of X chromosomes versus the whole genome, the study estimates that around 5% of the ancestors of self-identified African-Americans were European females, while 19% were European males. In general, this admixture occurred about six generations ago—around the early 1800s, when slavery was legal.
Among European-Americans with at least 1% African ancestry, the rate is 15% higher on the X chromosome, suggesting a higher proportion of female African and male European couplings contributed offspring to the gene pool. This “sex bias” also existed among African Americans and Latinos, the scientists say.
The researchers found that Americans of European and African descent tended to identify as European-American, rather than African-American, if they had less than 28% African ancestry.
Screenshot from "The Genetic Ancestry of African Americans, Latinos, and European Americans across the United States," Bryc et al. 2015 The probability of self-reporting as African American by proportion of African ancestry (using ancestry data jointly from both self-identified African- and European-Americans).
As for self-identified Latinos, the team estimates that, on average, they carry 18% Native American ancestry, 65% European ancestry, and 6% African ancestry. In general, Latinos mixed with Native Americans and Europeans about 11 generations ago—in the late 1600s—and with those of African ancestry about a century later. But the exact admixture varies dramatically according to the population with which Latinos identify:
Screenshot from "The Genetic Ancestry of African Americans, Latinos, and European Americans across the United States," Bryc et al. 2015 Each individual is shown projected onto the triangle by their genome-wide proportions of African, European, and Native American ancestry, by their self-reported Hispanic sub-identity.
Among the most astonishing findings is how starkly ancestry varies from state to state. Many of these regional variations reflect historical phenomena, say the researchers—slavery, early Spanish colonization, waves of immigration from various areas of Europe, the Trail of Tears. For instance, among Oklahoman African-Americans, a startling proportion has a substantial degree of Native American ancestry. This, say the researchers, is probably because Oklahoma was a site of contact between African-Americans and Native Americans after the Trail of Tears in the 1830s. Not only did black slaves compose a large proportion of the state's population in the 1860s (when there was a census), but it was also the location of the slave-holding “Five Civilized Tribes.”
Screenshot from "The Genetic Ancestry of African Americans, Latinos, and European Americans across the United States," Bryc et al. 2015
For many Americans, particularly of African heritage, emerging genealogy technologies are creating novel opportunities to unravel their lineage, as shown by Henry Louis Gates, Jr's Finding Your Roots program and 23andMe's Roots into the Future study recruiting African-Americans. What this study suggests about America's rich and complicated genetic history is that many Americans have a lot more in common with one another than they realize.
Conservative MP Chris Pincher, a government whip, has referred himself to the police and stood down from the Whips' Office.
Mr Pincher, MP for Tamworth in Staffordshire, has been Comptroller of the Household since June.
Downing Street said the Conservative politician had also "voluntarily" referred himself to the party's complaints procedure following allegations about his behaviour.
As a result, he had resigned from the Government to allow an investigation to take place, a spokesman said.
A Downing Street spokesman said: "After several conversations with the Chief Whip, in order to address a number of questions, Mr Pincher has voluntarily referred himself both to the party's complaints procedure and the police, and has voluntarily stood down from the Whips Office in the meantime."
The Mail on Sunday reported that Mr Pincher had been accused of making an unwanted pass at a Conservative activist and former British rower Alex Story.
Mr Pincher told the newspaper: "If Mr Story has ever felt offended by anything I said then I can only apologise to him."
MELBOURNE Heart wants to play like Barcelona and new technical manager John van't Schip says the club's dedication to a "total football" methodology can be a consistent championship-winning formula.
Heart is aiming to launch its youth academy, in conjunction with Cruyff Football, next year.
Its creation will eventually see its current youth team scrapped in favour of the senior-most academy team that the club wants to have playing all-year round - in both the National Youth League and a Victorian competition.
Van 't Schip has spent the week in Melbourne with the international director of Cruyff Football, Todd Beane.
Round 21 Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre
The pair, along with Heart chief executive Scott Munn, have held talks with a Melbourne facility that will be able to accommodate both the schooling and sporting needs of the academy's attendees from year 7-12.
Beane said the academy's "total football" vision would ultimately flow through to the club's senior side.
The Cruyff Football academy at European powerhouse Barcelona has helped to produce players such as Lionel Messi, Xavi and Iniesta.
"If you're talking in general terms about total football, you're talking about players who have a high skill level to be able to play the game at a quick intellectual pace, but also that the ball is in your possession and moves quickly and circulates quickly," Beane said.
"You want to dominate the ball quite simply and I think that's what the great Ajax and Dutch teams in the early 1970s did. They changed the game.
"Players were interchanging, the ball was moving quickly, all players had the talent to execute short and long passes in combination play. I think that set the stage for the modern game, the modern teams that play the game that way, that want the ball at their feet.
"Total football is about pressing, attacking, possessing and circulating the ball quickly to look for that opportunity and make it a spectacular game - that's the idea behind it, to score goals, because people are there to see goals scored and moments made."
Van 't Schip, who coached Heart in the club's first two seasons, said it is a style of play that can win championships in Australia despite the physical nature of the A-League.
"Of course, because you've seen the results in other parts of the world with the same kind of style," van 't Schip said.
"But it's not going to be happening overnight in terms of the process. That's why it's important that you can build the academy and you can work on the young boys getting through that pipeline to the first team and in the meantime continue to work with the first team on that kind of way of playing.
"There are going to be years when you won't win championships, but you're going to produce players and producing good players is also one of the most important visions of the club.
"When we started we wanted to give the young boys a chance, a pathway to bigger competitions in the world and that will also reflect well on the national team because they will play abroad, get stronger and that will help both (teams)."
Beane said Cruyff Football academies across the world emphasize youth development as a means for sustained success.
The Dutchman said it would be a realistic aim to have two or three of Heart's academy players pressing for selection in the senior team at all times.
But he also admitted not every graduate will go on to have a fruitful professional career.
"It's just a commitment to recognising that talent needs to be developed, that young talent needs to be given an opportunity to play at the highest level and those that succeed should be rewarded and given opportunities," Beane said.
"We just follow the way that Johan Cruyff would have liked young players to be trained. And, as he would say himself, you modernise (the approach) a little bit because sports science has come a long way, but the game has remained pretty much the same in terms of putting 11 boys on the pitch and following the same rules.
"So we just modernise that vision in to a practical sense with other specialties _ mindset, preparation, sleep, study, movement, nutrition, bio-mechanics _ but the fundamental principles of how the game is played come straight from Johan Cruyff."
As revealed by the Herald Sun on Wednesday, van 't Schip will start his role as technical manager in September.
Part of his role will be to help establish the academy as well as, in the meantime, making sure the youth and seniors teams are on the same page in a game plan and training sense.
"And of course I'll be there to be complementary to the coaches of the senior team and the youth team to help them out where they want, to give my advice," van 't Schip said.
"I'm not going to interfere in, let's say, in the players that (coach) John (Aloisi) is going to pick in the team for the game, but I think it's good for everybody - and John as well - to have an extra person to talk to about issues that I've dealt with for a long time. It's all in the benefit of the club."
School's out for summer! Now let's find some activities for the kids. There are so many options for South Hampton Roads.
Did we miss your favorite? Add it to the comments!
Outdoorsy and Wild:
Acquibob, Inc.: Let your kids learn the love of horses at the 2017 Summer Horse Camp in Portsmouth.
Big Blue Sailing Academy: Join ODU Sailing for a camp that focuses on just that. Ages 10-16 are welcome.
Grubb Grove Horse Farm: Ages 7-14 can experience the farm life at this camp in Chesapeake.
Hunt Club Farm: This camp offers both full day camps for ages 6-12 and half day camps for ages 4-6.
Nauticus: Your kids can join Sail Nauticus for a very special camp. Children 10-15 can learn to sail and more at Knot Your Average Summer Camp.
The Barn Life: Kids will enjoy this farm in Pungo as they learn to ride horses at Horse Lovers Forever Summer Camp.
Triple R Ranch: This 370 acre working ranch in Chesapeake is a great way to experience the outdoors. You can choose between a day camp and an overnight camp.
Virginia Aquarium: Dive into the knowledge of the ocean with many different weeks of themed camps. Members of the aquarium receive a discount.
Virginia Beach SPCA: Spots go quickly for this one, so register early. Kids get a behind-the-scene look at an animal shelter, enjoy field trips, and get hands-on learning experiences.
Virginia Zoo: Go on a summer safari with the Zoo. There are many weeks to choose from. Members receive a discount.
YMCA South Hampton Roads: The Y offers Camp Red Feather or Camp Arrowhead for some outdoor adventure. Activities include archery, climbing, fishing, boating, and more. Members receive a discount on the price of camp. There is also a camp set up just for teens that includes field trips to other natural locations.
Future Artists, Dancers, Thespians, and Musicians:
Chrysler Museum of Art: The Chrysler Museum offers a Museum Art Camp for ages 8-12, a STEAM Camp for grades 7-9, and a Teen Hot Glass Camp at the Glass Studio for ages 13-17. Pay less if you become a member of the museum.
d'Art Center: Camp can get messy in a very creative way at the d'Art Center. There are camps set up for three different age groups (6-9, 10-13, and 14-17).
Generic Theater for Kids: Your child can be a part of Music Theater Camp or Acting for Stage & TV/Movies. This camp is for ages 6-17.
Hermitage Museum & Gardens: This beautiful place offers a Summer Art Camp (ages 6-10), a Clay Camp (ages 8-14), and Yoga Camp (ages 6-12).
Hurrah Players: Your kids will have a blast with the Hurrah Players at Theatre Camp.
Mambo Room: Sign your kids up to dance their days away at Latin Dance Camp (ages 9 and up).
Push Comedy Theater: Push offers two separate summer camps, a Pre-teen Improv camp for kids 7-12, and a Teen Improv and Sketch Comedy camp for ages 13-18.
School of Rock: The Virginia Beach location offers musical experiences for your mini rockers.
Suffolk Center for the Cultural Arts: The Suffolk Center offers three different camps: An Art Camp, a Music Sampler Camp, and a Theatre Camp.
Summer Theatre Camp runs two sessions, one meant for ages 14-17 and another for ages 10-13. This camp is a cool collaboration between the Virginia Stage Company and the Governor's School for the Arts.
Virginia Museum of Modern Art: Your kids can enjoy Art Camp at the Virginia MOCA (ages 2-17).
All About Sports and Dance:
Ballet Virginia: There is a six-week program, or week-by-week camps offered here.
Dominion Soccer Academy: Check out the Boys and Girls Day Camp for ages 5-14. They also have a residential Jr./Sr. Elite Camp for older kids.
Happy Winds Kitesurfing: Hang ten, learn how to navigate the water, and more in Virginia Beach.
Marlin Soccer Academy: Let your kids grow their soccer skills at Virginia Wesleyan College (ages 3-15).
Tidewater Gymnastics Academy: If your kid is into tumbling, trampolines, cheerleading, gymnastics, wrestling, etc., this is the camp for you (ages 4-16).
YMCA South Hampton Roads: There are opportunities to tee off with Golf Camp. Members can receive a discount.
Yogaville: Let your kids Zen out a bit at Camp Yogaville. This is a week-long residential camp – so Zen for them, peace and quiet for you. Win-win.
Nonstop Intellectuals and Techies:
Engineering for Kids: These camps take place in Chesapeake and range from robotics and engineering, to toys and more.
Military Aviation Museum: Grades 4-11 ca learn about World War I and II era fighters, bombers, trainers, and seaplanes.
ODU: The Virginia Modeling Analysis & Simulation Center at ODU offers camps from robotics to game development and more.
Suffolk Center for the Cultural Arts: In partnership with Sylvan Learning, your child can be a part of a week-long S.T.E.A.M. Ahead Back to School Camp.
Little Bit of Everything:
Children's Museum of Virginia: Who better to create a camp for kids 3-12 than the Children's Museum?
ODU Big Blue Summer Camp: Big Blue camp offers various themed, week-long camps through the summer (ages 6-14). In some cases, you can even add on swim lessons. ODU Faculty / Staff receive a discount, but the camp is open to all.
Norfolk Collegiate: This private school offers many summer programs that everyone can be a part of. Check out the week-by-week schedule to see the different types of camps.
Saint Patrick Catholic School: Camps at this location vary greatly; check out their schedule.
Simon Family JCC: Camps are offered for children 2-years old through 11th grade.
Tidewater Community College: TCC offers different camps depending on the campus.
Young Chefs Academy: If your kid loves to cook, check out the interesting themed weeks at Camp-Can-I-Cook.
About the Sponsor of this Post:
Rose & Womble Realty Co. was born and bred in Hampton Roads – our owners live and work here in the Seven Cities. We are a family-owned and operated business – with multiple generations working at all levels, from agents to managers.The leadership within the company is LOCAL – not out of state – but right here in Hampton Roads.
Facebook Comments
Since Obama's enduring legacy will be his dishonesty, it makes sense that he is trying to preserve that legacy with a lie. In one of the most unbelievable press conferences of his tenure, Obama said he was proud of the complete lack of scandals in his administration. I guess if you can ignore all of the scandals he is technically correct.
The Hill reports that Obama held his first press conference since last week's election on Monday and boy was it a doozy:
President Obama on Monday touted his administration as one of the most law-abiding and ethical in history.
That's a pretty bold statement for a president who spent 8 years legislating from the White House. As a Constitutional scholar, Obama must know that the US Constitution is the highest law in the land, including the separation of powers outlined in the document. All of his executive actions to grant amnesty, change ObamaCare, and enact gun control were violations of those powers and very clearly demonstrates that he did not abide by the law.
As if that weren't bad enough, Obama gave incoming president Donald Trump a stern warning to follow the law just like he did:
“One thing you discover being president, there are all these rules and norms and laws and you gotta pay attention to them and the people who work for you are also subject to those rules and norms, and that's a piece of advice I gave to the incoming president,” said Obama.
Did he also tell Trump to be honest just like him or to not waste his presidency playing golf?
Then we get this thing, which would be hilarious if it weren't so sad:
“I am very proud of the fact that we will — knock on wood — leave this administration without significant scandal,” Obama said.
Well, there is the Hillary Clinton e-mail scandal, where Obama's Secretary of State sent classified material over an illegal unsecured server to people who didn't have security clearance to view them. There is also Hillary's pay-to-play scandal where she sold political favors as Obama's Secretary of State to corporate donors and foreign governments. Do those classify as scandals?
How about this: there is the IRS scandal where conservative groups were targeted and denied tax-except status. Of course there is also the Veterans Administration scandal in which men and women who put the lives on the line to defend this country were denied access to life-saving medical attention. The IRS and the VA are part of Obama's administration.
Still not convinced? There was the Justice Department's “Operation Fast and Furious” that let guns go across the Mexican border to the drug cartels, one of which was used to kill a Border Patrol agent. And who can forget about Benghazi where the Obama administration allowed Americans to die and then lied about it to the American public? I think too, the billions Obama paid to Iran for the release of hostages counts as a scandal, don't you?
The thing is, Obama is applying the George Costanza logic that “It's only a lie if you believe it's a lie.” Notice how Obama qualified his statement with the word “significant.” That's because he doesn't consider any of these scandals to be important, so therefore in his mind there were no scandals.
“We've made mistakes, there've been screw ups, but I will put the ethics of this administration and our track record in terms of just abiding by the rules and norms and keeping trust with the American people, I will put this administration against any administration in history,” said Obama.
See. He thinks his scandals and lawbreaking were just “mistakes.” I have some bad news for Obama: he doesn't get to decide how history will judge him. Just because he says he's honest doesn't mean that the facts support that and certainly as time passes his administration will be viewed as one of the worst in history.
Follow Brian Anderson on Twitter
October 1, 2015
VERMONT SEN. Bernie Sanders' campaign for the presidency and his platform in favor of raising the minimum wage, defending Social Security, reducing student debt and establishing a single-payer health care system have energized millions of people who want an alternative to the status quo political system.
His campaign is often compared to left-winger Jeremy Corbyn's stunning victory in the election to lead Britain's Labor Party and the challenges to neoliberal policies by parties like SYRIZA in Greece and Podemos in Spain.
Another comparison, closer to home but a few years in the past, is Ralph Nader, the famous consumer advocate-turned-independent presidential candidate, who won 2.9 million votes in the 2000 election.
The two men's left-wing messages have many similarities. But there is, of course, one decisive difference: Sanders is running for the Democratic Party presidential nomination and promises he won't be or support a third-party candidate, whereas Nader defied a vicious campaign against him and his supporters to run as an independent candidate, outside the two corporate-controlled parties.
Ralph Nader campaigning for president in 2000
Sanders' campaign is a breath of fresh air in an otherwise dismal 2016 campaign, but it also raises a host of important questions that many of his supporters on the left aren't facing: the undemocratic nature of the Democratic Party itself; the hopelessness of reforming the Democratic Party; and the need to build a third party to represent working-class people to the left of the Democrats.
To understand the importance of confronting these issues, it's helpful to know the history of the Nader challenge and the alternative it represented to the political status quo as the 21st century began.
BY 1999, the long Clinton presidency was coming to a close. Winning the Cold War turned out to mean bowing to every neoliberal nostrum in the book. Wages in the U.S. stagnated or fell, the number of people without health insurance had climbed to 40 million, and the prison population skyrocketed.
Abroad, corporations enforced sweatshop wages, and Big Oil's priorities in the Middle East translated into a U.S.-led campaign of sanctions against Iraq that ultimately killed over 1 million Iraqis, including a half million children. But Clinton's then-Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said of this mass murder: "We think the price is worth it."
That about summed up the Clinton years. But below the surface, something was brewing. After years of passivity, labor unions stirred, first with the 1997 national strike at UPS and then a number of walkouts in auto and transportation. Anti-sweatshop campaigns and environmental actions organized by students picked up--the latter targeting Vice President Al Gore's personal holdings in Occidental Oil. And anger at mass incarceration and police brutality found expression in the campaign to free former Black Panther Mumia Abu-Jamal from death row.
Then, in November 1999, all hell broke loose in Seattle. Tens of thousands of union members joined in direct actions led predominantly by young protesters to partially shut down a meeting of one of the most important international financial institutions, the World Trade Organization, amid a hail of rubber bullets and clouds of tear gas. The global justice movement was underway in earnest.
Into this maelstrom stepped Ralph Nader, now as the Green Party presidential candidate, with indigenous activist Winona LaDuke as his running mate. His campaign took off like a rocket. Sections of the left, including the International Socialist Organization (ISO), decided to endorse and participate in the campaign.
Until mid-summer of 2000, the presidential campaign Al Gore--who expected to be anointed the president after eight years serving in Clinton's shadow--treated Nader as a contemptible sideshow. But in August, tens of thousands of people converged on Los Angeles to protest the Democratic National Convention, organizing a week of marches and direct actions.
This showed the depth of disaffection with the Democrats among important parts of the party's base. Thousands of people who might otherwise be counted on to work for Gore were instead looking for an alternative--and finding the incorruptible Nader, with his message that an alternative to the two-party duopoly was badly needed.
In LA, the Nader campaign was right in the middle of the action. By the last night of the convention, as Democratic Party bosses watched police attack protesters from the safety of the Staples Center, a whiff of panic--mixed with LAPD pepper spray--wafted into the Gore camp.
FROM THEN on, the Gore campaign mantra became "A vote for Nader is a vote for Bush." But try as they might, the Nader challenge couldn't be contained.
Over the next two months, 100,000 people packed into Nader "Super Rallies" held in large sports areas, where the candidate spoke alongside the likes of Cornel West, Phil Donahue and Michael Moore, with Eddie Vedder and Patti Smith providing the music. An estimated 150,000 people helped out the campaign in one way or the other, the campaign raised almost $8 million in small donations, and the California Nurses Association and the United Electrical workers endorsed Nader.
On Election Day, Nader received 2,882,995 votes, or just over 2.7 percent of the vote--the the best result for a left-wing third-party campaign in half a century. Ahmed Shawki, editor of the International Socialist Review, dug down to examine where the votes came from:
Nader found his most concentrated support among college students and young, first-time voters. Poll data suggest that these voters, who had no fixed party loyalty, were most likely to stick with Nader on Election Day. This obviously is a crucial part of the audience for socialists as the current radicalization develops.
The Green Party that nominated Nader was never the perfect vehicle to lead an incipient break with the Democrats. But the left wing of the party included activists dedicated to building bridges to labor, immigrant rights groups and antiwar forces. Above all, this wing was committed to political independence. The ISR explained in an editorial how the campaign had opened a door to the future:
A broader and revitalized left, outside the limits of the two-party system, can make the transformation of society a concrete goal for the first time in generations. The Nader campaign does not have to end on November 8.
AS IT turned out, the Republicans stole the election by preventing a recount of all the votes that, according to later investigations, would have put Gore on top and given him a narrow victory in the Electoral College.
But the Democratic establishment, Gore included, didn't blame the Republican thieves for stealing the White House--they blamed Nader for "taking" votes that, according to the twisted logic of the two-party system, belonged to the Democrats, despite the party doing nothing to earn them.
The smear campaign was intense, and a certain number of prominent Nader supporters wilted under the accusation of having thrown the election to Bush. But all in all, the global justice movement took on the challenge of opposing another Bush in the White House. Green Party registration continued to grow in its main strongholds, and the biggest global justice mobilization yet was planned for late September 2001 as the International Monetary Fund and World Bank prepared to meet in Washington, D.C.
Tragically, though, the September 11 terrorist attacks broke the movement's momentum, ushering in a patriotic backlash.
In order to understand what happened next, the scale of the right-wing backlash following September 11 must be appreciated. With the exception of Democratic Rep. Barbara Lee, congressional Democrats and Republicans--as well as independent Rep. Bernie Sanders--voted unanimously to give Bush the authority to go to war in Afghanistan.
Just as Gore accepted the stolen election in Florida, the post-9/11 war votes left little room for doubt about an essential fact of the U.S. political system: It's not simply that there happen to be two parties that share power between them in the U.S.--it's a two-party system. Ultimately, neither of the two parties fear losing this or that election as much as the threat of a challenge to the system that perpetuates their collective power.
These gentlemen's agreement provides the U.S. political machine with the stability and the flexibility it needs to both absorb dissent when it can--and then close ranks to dish out repression when it must.
BY THE time Bush was preparing to invade Iraq in the winter of 2003, sentiment was turning against the war. There were huge protests in the U.S. and around the world in mid-February. Despite this wave of opposition, a majority of Democratic senators and 40 percent of Democratic representatives in the House again voted in favor of authorizing Bush to go to war.
Bush tried to declare "Mission Accomplished" with the overthrow of Saddam Hussein, but by the summer of 2004, resistance was already developing across Iraq. John Kerry emerged as the Democratic challenger to Bush in 2004--not as an anti-war candidate, but as a bigger-war candidate. That was underlined in his ridiculous acceptance speech at the Democratic convention, when he said he was "reporting for duty" in order to send more troops to Iraq.
Once again, there was a potential breach between the Democrats and the social movements. Green Party registration grew to over 300,000 by the end of 2004, and with the popular socialist-Green Peter Camejo as Nader's running mate, there were hopes that the antiwar movement could be mobilized to vote for a genuine antiwar alternative in Nader in 2004. The ISO once again endorsed Nader's presidential campaign in the midst of a sharp debate on the left.
(For a closer look at that discussion, read Independent Politics: The Green Party Strategy Debate, with contributions from Nader, Camejo, Howie Hawkins and many others. Haymarket Books is offering a discount if you buy the book online--enter "INDEPENDENTS" as the discount code.)
But the Democrats' counterattack against the Nader challenge took a heavy toll. Many of the well-known political and cultural leaders who backed Nader in 2000 fell in line with the "Anybody But Bush" slogan used to justify voting for the pro-war candidate John Kerry in order to defeat a worse one in Bush. Radicals such as Grace Lee Boggs, Barbara Ehrenreich, Noam Chomsky, Jim Hightower, Frances Fox Piven, Cornel West and Howard Zinn--all Nader supporters in 2000--now signed a public letter urging voters to "support for Kerry/Edwards in all swing states" because "removing George W. Bush from office should be the top priority in the 2004 presidential election."
At the time, this was known as the "safe state" tactic--and sadly, it was adopted by the majority of the Green Party leadership in 2004, leading Nader to run as an independent and appeal for the endorsement of the Green rank and file at the party's summer convention. Former Green Party Senate candidate in California Medea Benjamin stated, "Had I known then what I know now, and had I lived in a swing state, I would have voted for Gore instead of Ralph Nader [in 2000]."
Instead of endorsing Nader, the Green Party nominated David Cobb for president--a signal that the Greens wouldn't cause any problems for Kerry. Cobb won less than 120,000 votes, just 0.1 percent. However, Cobb's campaign did accomplish the Green Party leadership's primary goal of denying Nader access to their ballot line in dozens of states. Nader's vote fell to less than half a million.
In the years after 2004, the Green Party's decline accelerated. For example, from a high of 15,000 registered voters in San Francisco in 2005--3 percent of total registration--the party has fallen to less than 7,000 today. Nader did run as an independent again in 2008, as did ex-Democratic Rep. Cynthia McKinney, but these races fell flat, signaling the near-total victory by the Democratic Party in sealing off a challenge to its left.
There have been some exceptions--Matt Gonzalez's race for mayor of San Francisco in 2003, Howie Hawkins campaigns for governor in New York, and Gayle McLaughlin's election as mayor of Richmond, Calif. In 2012, Jill Stein ran a Green Party campaign for president that was wholly committed to left-wing political independence. This, along with the election of Socialist Alternative candidate Kshama Sawant to the City Council in Seattle, has reopened the question of third-party challenges.
SEVERAL CONCLUSIONS emerge from this history.
First, the Nader 2000 race demonstrates that millions of people can be convinced to vote for left-wing, third-party candidates. Second, the Democrats' campaign around "A Vote for Nader is a Vote for Bush" stands ready to be modified to fit any election. And if this argument doesn't work, Democratic Party leaders and operatives will resort to lawsuits, intimidation and dirty tricks of all kinds--as they did openly, even proudly, in 2004 against Nader.
Third, any left-wing challenge to the Democrats had better be prepared for a difficult road. The deck is stacked against electoral challenges in the U.S. Unlike parts of Latin America or Europe, we have almost no instances of proportional representation and very little public campaign financing--even the presidential debates are run by private corporations!
The 2000 campaign showed that social movements can go to the polls, and strengthen themselves by doing so. They can escape the two-party gravitational pull and speak in their own name. But 2000 also demonstrates that any success on this front will precipitate a counterattack by the Democratic Party, making all the more clear the necessity of building lasting political, movement and union organization.
Those lessons have taken a beating since the early 2000s, but they must not be lost.
Ninetieen-year-old Azhar Ahmed will be tried later this year. The teenager pleaded not guilty and denied posting a comment on Facebook about six British soldiers killed in Afghanistan last week. He was released on bail until the next hearing in July.
­Ahmed was arrested and charged with "racially aggravated public order offences" but prosecutors on Tuesday changed that to a charge under Section 127 of the Communications Act of "sending a grossly offensive message."
The prosecutors also claim to have five witnesses, one of whom has already stated that they found Ahmed's message grossly offensive. They also intend to follow up a further three witnesses who they expect will give similar testimony.
There was a large police presence outside the court for the hearing as around 50 far-right protesters staged a noisy demonstration when the defendant arrived and left, calling for “jail to those who insult our troops.”
In his Facebook comments Ahmed reportedly criticized the amount of attention the deaths of the six soldiers received as compared to the civilian losses Afghanistan has sustained in the NATO-led war.
Media sources have been very tight-lipped about the actual wording of the message, but it is quoted in full in several blog posts, and some screenshots of the post are accessible via Google.
A police spokesman said last week that the Yorkshire teenager was commenting on the level of attention British soldiers who died in a bomb blast last week received compared to Afghan civilians who have died in the war.
The spokesman said: 'He didn't make his point very well and that is why he has landed himself in bother.'
The six British troops were killed last week after their Warrior armored vehicle was struck by a roadside bomb in southern Afghanistan. Most of the soldiers were between 19 and 21 years of age. The incident is the biggest single loss of life for British forces since 2006.
Ahmed's court appearance coincided with the repatriation of the soldiers' bodies, which were being flown to RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire later on Tuesday.
More than a thousand Filipinos have reportedly been murdered or disappeared as a result of President's Duterte's war on drugs – in little more than a month since he took charge.
More than 700 people killed in Philippines drugs crackdown Read more
There is little to suggest that Rodrigo Duterte will change tack – he has plenty of domestic credit in the bank, and foreign governments thus far are ignoring the evidence of a mass tide of extrajudicial killings, despite his overt warnings. Beijing and Washington's quest for dominance in the South China Sea trumps what Human Rights Watch describes as “government-sanctioned butchery”.
So-called kill lists look to be spiralling out of control, with bodies strewn in the most public of places – including Edsa, the main freeway that runs through the Metro Manila region. The irony is that the freeway was the location for the people power revolution that ousted the Marcos dictatorship in 1986. Bodies bundled up with tape – and labelled “snatcher”, “dealer”, “pusher” or “user” – suggest vigilantes are taking Duterte's wild promise to eradicate all crime seriously. But the truth of whether the dead were guilty will never be proved, and is barely even questioned. Duterte's incitement has quickly created a monster, unleashing murderous criminality.
The kill lists are largely the work of the police. Election rhetoric has quickly become policy with executions on the streets. Some reports estimate that 10 people are killed a day , but nothing can be verified: police forces are able to rely on self-defence, avoiding legal accountability even though there is a strong suggestion that innocent people are being caught up in the carnage.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest President Duterte speaking last Sunday at the memorial for a soldier killed in an encounter with communist rebels. Photograph: Lean Daval Jr/Reuters
One such case is that of 22-year-old Rowena Tiamson, a choir member whose body was found with hands bound and eyes and mouth sealed. Her desperate parents are pleading to have her corpse tested in an attempt for justice. What could be a mistaken identity is more likely to be a case of the war on drugs becoming a convenient cover for murder. Tiamson was not on her local kill list, the authorities have been forced to admit.
Duterte's obsession with drugs is putting the internal security of a developing country – already struggling with Islamist and communist insurgencies, and devastating typhoons – at undue risk. Drugs are an issue in the Philippines but only one of many, and Duterte has failed to display any understanding that drug crime is more a symptom of many social problems rather than the cause. Poverty and corruption were rightly on Duterte's manifesto, yet the drug obsession is blinding him and leading to carnage for a fundamentally flawed ideal.
How these lists are created is anyone's guess. Duterte claims he has evidence to justify putting mayors, police, judges, and politicians on them. Police corruption is at the heart of the matter – in one breath Duterte denounces the police as corrupt, yet is allowing them to murder without due process, and compile lists of people to kill. The image of a dead Manila rickshaw driver, Michael Siaron, in the arms of his partner will haunt many – but not Duterte, who claimed it was “melodramatic”. The constant stream of images has become almost pornographic, causing tit-for-tat squabbles between supporters and detractors. Siaron's drug use (though his partner forcefully denies that he was dealing) while pedalling passengers around the packed streets of Manila should offend, or surprise, nobody. Duterte and his supporters must try to understand the human stories of drug users before inciting further murder.
The cost of deals with the superpowers is being paid in blood by bodies labelled guilty with flimsy cardboard signs
Civil society groups are calling on the UN and other authorities to condemn the president, but don't expect anyone with any more clout than Richard Branson to speak out. The rather grotesque and obvious courting of Duterte by the US and China cannot be overstated and he is likely to continue to exploit his country's enormous strategic value. Sadly, while a “reset” of the Philippines' relationships with these allies is long overdue, it would be unlikely to result in fairer terms for Filipinos. Indeed, it could provide cover for murder.
Despite the clash with China over control of the South China Sea, and Manila's recent legal victory, Sino-Filipino relations are less of a concern than ties with America. US military assistance, particularly in the battle to rid Duterte's backyard of Mindanao of its complex Muslim insurgency, is seen as central to the US pivot-to-Asia policy. Long mothballed bases are being re-opened throughout the country.
However, some feel that US involvement is only making things worse. For the first time in too long the country is asking itself some important and difficult questions regarding its until now one-sided relationship with the US. But the cost of this debate, and any future arrangements with the superpowers, is being paid in blood by people on the streets, labelled guilty with flimsy cardboard signs.
The province is paying $7.5 million for land in Halifax's Bayers Lake retail park to build what it's calling a community outpatient centre.
The services offered there will replace the ones that will be lost when the aging Centennial and Victoria General hospital buildings are vacated in downtown Halifax, as part of the redevelopment of the QEII Health Sciences Centre.
Construction on the new facility is slated to start in the winter of 2018, and is expected to be completed in the winter of 2021.
The health authority said services including blood collection services, diagnostic imaging, medical and surgical clinics along with pre- and post-operative care could be housed at the new facility. It could also offer after-hours physician care for non-emergencies, such as determining if an ankle is sprained or fractured.
The centre will be built on vacant land situated behind the Home Outfitters and Marshalls locations in the Bayers Lake retail park. Susie Lake Crescent will be extended to provide access to the new facility, which will overlook Black Duck Ponds.
The future site of the community outpatient centre on Susie Lake Crescent in the Bayers Lake Business Park. (CBC)
Land owned by Liberal party donor
The land is owned by Banc Commercial Holdings which owns most of the adjacent property and will develop it in conjunction with the construction of the centre.
Company president Basim Halef donated $3,000 to the Nova Scotia Liberal Party in 2013. His son Alex is vice-president of Banc Holdings and donated $700 the same year.
Neither donation had any influence on the choice of their land, according to Premier Stephen McNeil.
"It had nothing to do with that," he told reporters at a ceremony Thursday to unveil a sign marking the centre's future home.
There had been a number of search committees that had gone on and they had looked at a number of parcels of land, McNeil said.
"So I'm not even sure who we bought the land from, to be frank. But at the end of the day this is the right site. It came down to making sure that we were having access to [Highways] 103 and 102. And the fact that if you look around this is a growing part of HRM."
QEII Foundation connection
Basim Halef also sits on the board of trustees at the QEII Foundation which raises funds for the Halifax-based hospital complex.
That was news to the vice-president of the Nova Scotia Health Authority when she was asked if that might be a possible conflict of interest.
"No, I didn't even know that this particular piece of property was owned by [Halef]," said Paula Bond. "That was not taken into any consideration."
She also didn't see it as an issue.
"I don't think so. There are many businessmen on the foundation of the QEII. So I don't see that that's a problem at all."
The QEII Foundation told CBC News that five years ago, Halef also gave $250,000 to a campaign raising money for cancer patients undergoing radiation therapy.
NDP raises concerns
NDP Leader Gary Burrill was troubled by the connections.
"It is all a great concern," he told reporters onsite for the unveiling. "It's particularly a great concern in light of the fact that this is being sited in such an incredibly improbable location that is inconvenient beyond belief for people who don't have a car."
"It's troubling from that point of view and troubling from the point of view of the Liberal party's record. They've got a well-established record now of making decisions in ways that are particularly helpful to their inner circle and so this is all a great concern."
'The right decision'
Alex Halef defended the government's decision. He also said he didn't think the donations to the Liberals, which he and his father made three years ago, played a factor in the choice of the land.
"I think at the end of the day they're going to do what's right for the province," he said. "We believe wholeheartedly that the province has made the right decision as far as using taxpayers' money wisely to put a facility [here]."
Before construction starts next year, the Nova Scotia Health Authority needs to complete a study of what services are needed and design work on the actual structure has to be finished.
