Sarsour said, “We are struggling against tyrants and rulers not only abroad in the Middle East and the other side of the world, but here in these United States of America where you have fascists and white supremacists and Islamophobes reigning in the White House.”
Linda Sarsour, a pro-sharia, progressive Islamic activist and former Director of the Arab American Association who also helped organize January's National Women's March (the one with the pink vagina hats) recently called for “jihad” against the “tyrant” Donald J. Trump in a speech to the Islamic Society of North America.
She also said in the speech, “When I wake up every morning and remember who is sitting in the White House, I am outraged.”
Wow, she must be tons of fun at a party.
Of course, Sarsour explained how Americans are just too stupid to understand the nuance in her call to jihad. No, no, no, you silly little American dolts, she wasn't calling for violence, you don't understand -- it's Trump who is calling for violence by insisting he serves out the presidential term he was duly elected to serve. His refusal to resign or commit suicide, or whatever gets him out of office is the real violence here. I'm afraid that most progressives agree with her.
Well if she wants jihad, I say we give it to her. We are in a battle for the very soul of the nation. Accept her declaration as is without being percipient to the underlying threat and we will be well on our way to losing. It's not just us who will lose, it's the entire world -- there is no one nation or even group of nations with the moral clarity and bravery to replace America as the last best hope for humanity.
If we accept her call to jihad as nonviolent, then calling for jihad against her personally is not a call to violence either.
There are many good Muslims in America today, who are grateful for the opportunity this nation gives them to live a better life. Still, it seems to me that some Muslims come to this country and refuse to assimilate (Sarsour says they shouldn't). They want Americans to change for them and then when people refuse, the get angry and call for jihad. They want our women in tents and veils with their genitals mutilated, while all LBGTs are thrown to their death from the rooftops.
In short, they want us to obey sharia law. Sharia gives infidels (anyone not a Muslim) three choices to coexist with Islam (the religion of peace): convert, pay, or die. If this was their game plan, than they should have never come here. Yet, the left champions their right to not assimilate and backs their desire to force us to change our nation, our society, and our values to accommodate them. In other words, liberals think there is nothing wrong the extinguishment of Western civilization as embodied by America.
Sorry, but America is doing just fine the way we are. It's not us who need saving, at least not yet.
President Donald Trump gave a speech extolling the value of Western civilization and culture to the world and the entire progressive media and academic enterprise reacted in an apoplectic frenzy. Yet, Sarsour calls for jihad against our president and of course, those same people are either silent or submissively bend over backward to be apologists for the religion of peace. That's the thing with this particular form of apologia (for Islam, of course), it needs morons to follow or good men to not fight back. Remember, to paraphrase Edmund Burke, “Evil triumphs when good men do nothing.”
One way to look at the left is they are good people who are merely misinformed -- but that is wrong. They really do hate America and Americans. They seem to think that anytime someone brings up Western civilization or the virtues of the Republic of America, it should be followed by an apology or at the very least an opening of veins. Progressives want power and control, and in order to get it, they are willing to force the nation to commit cultural and national suicide. This is why they have no problem with Sarsour's call to violence against the president. Trump won't apologize for America. He stands up for America. Hence, he must be a racist and a fascist.
Instead of trying to radically transform the nation in the image of Venezuela, proponents of this ideology should simply partake of the real thing and go live in that spectacularly failed socialist experiment. Maybe they want to lose a few pounds.
One thing I can tell them is they should bring their own toilet paper and a gun because an American in Caracas today is prey, a soon-to-be carcass -- hey, people gotta eat.
Barry gave his best effort at achieving the radical transformation of the nation into a socialist paradise. Then he tried to foist his mini-me, Hillary, on the nation but Americans were smarter than that. They saw her as an arrogant, entitled, outright criminal masquerading as a politician who nevertheless, was so unlikeable that “unnamed sources” high in the Clinton campaign have said even her husband didn't vote for her -- but that's just silly; everyone knows Bill wanted her to win so he could date again.
“Do we have the desire and the courage to preserve our civilization in the face of those who would subvert and destroy it?” Trump asked -- and it's the right question at the right time.
Critics have labeled the speech “nationalist,” “xenophobic,” and “racist.” Yet if that were so, then why did the Poles love it -- are they nationalistic, xenophobic, and racist as well? To the left, if a speech is not an expiation of America's sins or repentant for the country's success it is nationalistic and racist.
Trump is not overly concerned with decorum. He is his own man, a man who endeavors to live his life by his own rules and that means he will never accept the role of victim or patsy. He hits back, and he is not afraid to defend this nation's way of life and has no problem stooping to the level of his enemies to do so. As would most Americans until very recently, .
However, conservatives seem to hold themselves to a higher sense of propriety; they will not fight as progressives do. With progressives -- and make no mistake, Sarsour is a progressive in good standing -- everything is game, your family, the ones you love, the way you look, even the number of scoops of ice cream you have with your pie ala mode. Either do as they say or be destroyed.
Once Trump became President, it quickly became apparent to him how he was going to be treated by the very antipathetic liberal polity and media. He faced an existential choice with regard to his presidency, accept it in passive pajama-boy fashion, probably resulting in a one-term presidency not long remembered and of little note, but paradoxically get better press, or fight and accomplish as much as he could, while keeping as many promises as possible.
Trump understands the time is now to fight back against the outrageous behavior of the left. Sarsour needs to be called out for exactly what she is: a radical Islamic supremacist intent on taking this country into sharia hell. Progressives need to be told that Americans love America as the epitome of Western civilization it is.
Calling out people like Sarsour for their commitment to violence and standing up for our nation's exceptionalism as Trump did in Poland should be the rule for our leaders and not the exception.
Amid unproven allegations that Maxime Bernier's leadership campaign fraudulently signed up members, which Mr. Bernier denies, The Hill Times has learned his membership chair was accused of using similar tactics in 2010.
Conservative MP Alex Nuttall (Barrie-Springwater-Oro Medonte, Ont.) was one of the first MPs to support Mr. Bernier's (Beauce, Que.) leadership for the Conservative Party. Mr. Bernier appointed him campaign membership chair last fall.
In 2010, Mr. Nuttall, then a municipal councillor, ran unsuccessfully in the nomination contest for the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party in Barrie. He was under fire for allegedly fraudulently signing up party members. The local PC nomination committee asked the party to disqualify Mr. Nuttall. Mr. Nuttall denied the allegations and the party, after looking into the concerns, allowed his candidacy to continue.
The president of the Barrie riding association at the time, Fred Hamelink, resigned from his role after disagreeing with then-PC president Ken Zeise over the matter, citing his “personal ethics.” Mr. Hamelink said after reading a report conducted by an Ontario PC staff member, that the party shouldn't have dropped its investigation. Mr. Zeise said the allegations were unfounded.
Kory Teneycke, speaking for Mr. Bernier's federal Conservative Party leadership campaign, said this week they were aware of the 2010 incident, and were “satisfied that no wrongdoing occurred.”
Mr. Nuttall's office said this week he was unavailable to speak and written questions sent to the office Monday were not answered by press time Tuesday afternoon.
On March 16, Conservative leadership candidate Kevin O'Leary issued a press release alleging there are “backroom organizers who are committing widespread vote rigging and potentially breaking our electoral and financing laws to try to buy a leadership victory.”
While Mr. O'Leary did not name names, The Globe and Mail cited unnamed sources pointing the finger at organizers connected to Mr. Bernier, and Huffington Post Canada also reported a link to Mr. Bernier's campaign. The Huffington Post reported that the “alleged scheme involves Tamil field co-ordinators in the Toronto-area submitting large lists of names taken from the membership list of the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party, likely without their knowledge, and using pre-paid credit cards to sign them up for federal Tory party membership.”
Mr. Bernier denied any misconduct within his campaign, and issued a press release of his own in which he called Mr. O'Leary a “loser.” On Sunday evening, The Globe and Mail reported that Mr. Bernier's campaign had provided it with a sworn affidavit alleging an organizer for Mr. O'Leary's team was offering to pay for party memberships within the Sikh-Canadian community, a breach of the campaign rules. The Globe later reported that a Bernier campaign spokesperson would not answer whether the campaign had given information about the allegation against Mr. O'Leary to the party to allow it to investigate the claim. The spokesperson said the campaign would send any complaints about membership violations to the party and not discuss them publicly.
Meanwhile, the Conservative Party, after “an expedited” review on March 17, cancelled more than 1,300 memberships paid for anonymously through two IP addresses, which the party deemed not to have been paid for by individual members, which is against the rules. It did not blame any one campaign in particular.
“Those purchases were made anonymously through the Conservative Party of Canada website. Over the course of the last six months, the Conservative Party of Canada has received 1,233 pre-paid credit card transactions through our website. We have examined each of those transactions and roughly half have been traced to the mentioned IP addresses purchasing memberships,” stated the party on March 17.
Mr. Nuttall also worked on Ontario PC Leader Patrick Brown's campaign for PC leadership in 2015, and Mr. Bernier's campaign has employed organizers who worked on Mr. Brown's campaign.
Greer Campbell, who also ran unsuccessfully for the Barrie nomination in 2010, said she “automatically” made the connection between what happened in the Barrie nomination contest in 2010 and the reports alleging that Mr. Bernier's campaign has been registering fake, or paid-for, memberships.
“I don't have any inside information,” she said, “but clearly that's where my brain went because of the experience I had with Alex.”
What happened in 2010
According to local media reports at the time, a report was conducted by John Spink, who was then a regional organizer for the Ontario PCs.
The report concluded that Mr. Nuttall had paid the membership fees for some new party members, and determined at least 111 signatures on membership forms had been forged.
In addition, the report said a “great many” of the $10 bills attached to the membership forms, as per the $10 membership fee, were in serial-number sequence.
At that time, memberships could still be paid for in cash. In the federal leadership race today, memberships have to be purchased via credit card or personal cheque. The allegations against Mr. Bernier's campaign are that memberships were being purchased with pre-paid credit cards.
“One must assume that the Nuttall campaign paid for the vast majority of the memberships submitted on Nov. 26. In order to procure such a large volume of crisp, new $10 bills in serial number sequence, they must have been purchased from a financial institution during the week prior to the membership deadline, since the nomination date was only announced on Nov. 18,” the report, as printed in The Barrie Examiner in 2010, reads.
Mr. Spink declined a request to comment for this story.
Mr. Nuttall at the time countered that the sequential bills were submitted as such because his campaign had to make change for members the organizers were signing up. He said by the membership deadline at the time, he was left with a lot $50 and $100 bills, so he deposited them into the bank and withdrew the $10 bills to attach to the individual memberships.
He also said the numbers Mr. Spink produced did not add up.
Mr. Zeise, who was president of the PC party at the time, said in an interview with The Hill Times this week that “the local nominations committee in Barrie clearly did not like Alex's candidacy.” He said he considered the allegations to be unfounded.
Mr. Zeise said the party “did randomly call people on the list.” He said about two-dozen random calls were made to verify that those on the membership list knew they were members.
“Anybody can submit lists of people to the party with money. In order to vote, you've got to show up by a certain time, verify that you are who you say you are, and if there are any issues with your address you could be challenged,” he said. The nomination meeting for Barrie that year was “smoother than anticipated” in that regard, he said.
Mr. Zeise wrote a letter to the main complainant, local nomination committee chair Jack Garner, rejecting his request to have Mr. Nuttall removed from the race, writing, “the four candidates for the Barrie nomination continue to have the Party's full confidence going forward.”
Rod Jackson won the nomination and went on to become the MPP for Barrie. Mr. Nuttall stayed on as a municipal councillor and went on to become an MP in 2015, winning against Liberal Brian Tamblyn by 86 votes, after a recount.
Mr. Jackson's assessment of the 2010 controversy was that Mr. Nuttall “was just doing what he thought he needed to do to win,” and characterized it as “not malicious,” though he did admit it “looks funny.”
Mr. Jackson said he has been involved in six nomination races over the course of his career. In all except one, he said, “these things happen. Whether they're true or not, you never really know.”
Mr. Jackson said when “aggressively” trying to sign people up, politicians have a team of sometimes hundreds of volunteers working for them. “Sometimes people get a little overzealous, or say things that are not representative of the campaign. I would venture to say when you really want to get down to the nitty-gritty if it, everybody has someone who has paid for someone's membership.”
But for Ms. Campbell, who said she still believes Mr. Nuttall did produce falsified membership forms, the experience put her off pursuing a political career.
“I have major concerns about what happened in 2010. I don't feel it was addressed in a way that would ultimately change the way people are nominated. The nomination process is really very insular and it's something that definitely needs some revamping,” she said.
Mr. Jackson said if one thing comes out of Mr. O'Leary's allegations, it's that political parties should fix the system.
“The system of finding a new leader and finding candidates for all parties is broken,” he said.
cnash@hilltimes.com
@chels_nash
Malaysian police have detained 13 men and are looking for other suspects following allegations that a 15-year-old girl was raped by 38 men in the country's northern region.
Astro Awani television and The Star newspaper reported that the assault took place in the northern state of Kelantan on May 20, when the girl was lured to an empty hut reported to be a local drug haunt.
The men took turns to rape her for hours. Police are also investigating whether her 17-year-old friend was also raped.
Media accounts, quoting information from district police chief Azham Otham, said 38 men were involved.
Several of those detained had tested positive for amphetamine, the reports said. The New Straits Times said a man and his two teenage sons were among those detained.
Police said action could have been taken had villagers reported the addicts' presence, Reuters news agency said.
"It is very disturbing to me that no one in the village was even suspicious when the closest neighbour was a mere 20 metres away," Otham told The Star newspaper.
'Extremely worrying'
The alleged attack, one of several brutal cases this week underscoring the violence to which women are being subjected across Asia, sparked outrage among women's groups.
Politicians from a Muslim party running the region said their proposal to introduce Islamic hudud law, with harsh penalties, would deter offenders.
Suri Kempe, an official with women's rights group Sisters in Islam, told Reuters that the frequent number of rape cases being reported was "extremely worrying".
"Boys are being raised in a culture where being masculine means being aggressive, and that it's perfectly acceptable to use violence to get what you want," she said in a statement.
Almost 3,000 rapes were reported to the police in Malaysia in 2012, of which 52 percent involved girls aged 16 and below, according to police statistics.
Convicted rapists face up to 30 years in prison and whipping, but many have called for stricter punishment.
passing you back to John
Insert overused meme and cut to the rest of the page!
TIE Fighters
TIE Interceptors
Various squadron aces focused on anti-squadron duties (such as Bossk, IG-88, and Darth Vader)
Whisper will happily use her teleport ability to either leave engagement after getting attacked or sneak further in if there aren't any more credible attackers, causing problems.
Ciena Ree has Counter 2 and is permanently obstructed with a scatter and brace token so she's not fun to attack and you need several squadrons piling on her to deal with her in most cases.
Valen Rudor is hiding behind his friends and is often impossible to actually attack or at best you can get one attack on him and he's got that good ol' scatter+brace combo the first two aces have to shrug off the worst of it usually.
Bossk is just not the kind of squadron you go after unless you're planning to go after him hard. 7 hulls, a brace token, and an ability that triggers upon being damaged. Oof.
Mauler Mithel does 1 instant damage to all squadrons engaged with him, pretty reliably putting 1 damage on the Intel squadron(s) without recourse to Escort or defense tokens.
IG-88 can be activated to punch an Intel squadron behind an Escort (and ignores the HWK-290/Jan's Counter 2 as well), reliably doing about 2 damage to a generic Intel squadron and 1 to an ace.
Saber Squadron can Snipe around an Escort squadron to put a bit less than 2.5 damage into a generic Intel squadron or 1-2 into an ace.
Colonel Jendon then moves in and allows IG or Saber Squadron another attack if necessary.
and
After the carnage like we've witnessed in American cities such as San Bernardino and Orlando, and more recently in Europe, the national conversation tends to shift temporarily back toward gun control legislation and how to best protect ourselves in the homeland from future terrorist attacks.
On 9/11, Todd Beamer's simple “Let's roll” directive inspired his fellow United Airlines Flight 93 passengers, and now stands as enduring testament to real American grit.
Sadly, however, what is always absent from these post-tragedy conversations is any mention of one change with enormous potential to save lives—one which would not require controversial legislation, millions of dollars, nor procurement of expensive advanced technologies. This change includes an overdue re-examination of how unarmed civilians should respond during these events, including how federal, state, and local authorities tell the public to respond.
Most every American has at some point either discussed or practiced an “active shooter response” based on guidance developed by the Department of Homeland Security.
Originally created, in part, as a buffer against potential lawsuits in the wake of a Nebraska mall shooting in late 2007, the guidance teaches us to run away if possible, hide if you are unable to escape, and fight back only as a last resort.
Today, “Run, Hide, Fight” is taught to everyone and mandated not only by the DHS, but also by the FBI, law enforcement…and even the military, including for its own members. Fear of lawsuits (by grieving family members of victims who fought back) still drives this and indirectly paralyzes everyone into watching helplessly as the active shooter and terrorist menace rampages.
Despite this public mandate to run away or cower when under attack, America vigorously celebrates those who violate this edict and confront the threat.
Three Americans were among those who famously thwarted an attack on a Paris train in August of last year; they've enjoyed celebrity status in the months since. Numerous other examples exist of average Americans bucking their government's guidance, ignoring their survival instincts, and doing the right thing to help save others, and themselves.
Deciding how to respond in such a scenario is a personal choice, and it would be callous to criticize others who have experienced such trauma, no matter their response.
But the mere suggestion of confrontation has somehow become controversial. Recall the widespread criticism of former presidential candidate Ben Carson in October when he said “I would not just stand there and let him shoot me … I would ask everybody to attack” in response to a question about the shooting at an Oregon community college. The world was aghast he would say such a thing.
Nevertheless, consider that in 2012 the Aurora, Colorado, theater gunman who killed 20 people and injured 70 had enough time to leisurely fire 76 shots without confrontation, and was standing casually outside the theater before the arrival of police, who initially mistook him for one of their own.
More recently, an Orlando survivor told CNN he was hiding in the bathroom stall when the gunman's gun jammed, and he initially thought someone would then use that pause to rush the attacker. “But no one did,” he said. That's because they were all simply doing what they've been told to do, countless times.
The mindset that we are helpless without weapons is not only self-defeating, but dangerous, and government policy that reinforces this perception is a flawed one.
A September 2013 FBI report found that of the 160 active shooter incidents in the U.S. between 2010 and 2013, 21 (13.1 percent) ended after unarmed citizens made the “selfless and deeply personal choices” to confront the active shooters. In each of these cases, the citizens “safely and successfully disrupted the shootings” and “likely saved the lives” of many others present.
Another compelling reason to consider change is because future attacks are inevitable, and relying on police rescue might actually lower your own chance of survival.
The 2013 FBI report found that of those 160 active shooter incidents—incidents that generated 1,043 total casualties—60 percent ended before police arrived. These disturbing numbers warrant attention, especially when examined alongside CIA Director John Brennan's recent remarks: “ISIL has a large cadre of Western fighters who could potentially serve as operatives for attacks in the West … our efforts have not reduced the group's terrorism capability and global reach … [and] we judge that it will intensify its global terror campaign.”
Finally, our government-mandated response guidance is based on outdated models.
Al-Qaeda's recent Inspire magazine told its U.S. supporters to wage a “knife jihad” and stab civilians like they're all “Israeli Jews.” A 17-year-old Afghan “refugee” recently attacked passengers in this manner on a German train, and an elderly Catholic priest was similarly butchered during a Mass in France.
Does it make any sense to hide behind a desk while a jihadi terrorist slowly slices your co-workers, fellow students, or other Americans to death with a knife or machete? Wouldn't it be more practical, ethical, and effective to rush blade-wielding terrorists as soon as possible?
Ultimately, this is something Americans should discuss, pundits should debate, and government officials should examine.
On 9/11, Todd Beamer's simple “Let's roll” directive inspired his fellow United Airlines Flight 93 passengers, and now stands as enduring testament to real American grit.
It's time we stop training to be lambs for the slaughter and have a national conversation about standing up to terrorists—a conversation that, for once, isn't linked to either arming everyone with guns or to legislatively taking away those same weapons. It's time to arm ourselves with knowledge about the benefits of action, and with training for such methods of defense and deterrence.
After all, you don't need to be a Navy SEAL or a SWAT team leader to be a hero. You just need to reflect on the current plan's flaws and be willing to take a better approach, to stand up together against the evil.
Let's roll, America!
This fan was easily rocking the best jersey at Maple Leaf Square
If you've been following our social media coverage of Maple Leaf Square, or have had the opportunity to check out the action yourself, you know that there have been some pretty strange, but awesome things there.
Fans have rocked incredible face-paint, worn odd blue wigs, and some even created a new currency in honour of Dart Guy.
#DartGuy or #DartMan has his own currency!? ••• ‪Check out the TSN_Official Instagram Story and Snapchat Story to see all the best stuff from Maple Leaf Square. A post shared by TSN (@tsn_official) on Apr 19, 2017 at 3:40pm PDT
Nothing was as strange though, as this jersey that was spotted with an interesting name-bar on the back of it:
Guess picking one name to put on a jersey is an issue when you have three sensational rookies to choose from. Here are some other possible names that this fan could have gone with:
MATMARDER
NYMARTHEWS
MARMATDER
MATLANNER
Hopefully those name combinations will be helpful if you're looking to get a similar jersey during the Leafs' next playoff run.
Make sure to follow TSN's social coverage to see some more peculiar, but awesome things from the square!
As public schools around the United States suffer through a perpetual financial crisis, the Obama administration commits a breathtaking $70 million to help educate girls in a terrorist nation known as Al Qaeda headquarters.
It's part of the First Lady's initiative (Let Girls Learn) to educate and empower an estimated 62 million girls in third-world countries who are not in school. A noble cause indeed, but it's costing American taxpayers huge sums while kids—especially minorities—in this country struggle in schools that aren't adequately funded, according to public education advocates. “We know that countries with more girls in secondary school tend to have lower maternal mortality rates, lower infant mortality rates, lower rates of HIV/AIDS, and better child nutrition,” according to the initiative's website. “But too often, a girl who could change her world for the better is locked out of that future by the circumstances of her birth or the customs of her community.”
So it's Uncle Sam to the rescue. The government of Pakistan, which is included in the State Department's Country Reports on Terrorism, will get the $70 million to promote education among 200,000 girls and young women age 10-19. The announcement was initially made during a White House event this month with the wife and daughter of Pakistan's Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif. The program will serve as a platform and catalyst for broader political and social commitment to strengthen girls' education and empowerment in Pakistan, according to a government announcement. “Young women in Pakistan face barriers and lack of access to education opportunities from an early age due to poverty, cultural norms, and geographic isolation,” the announcement states.
The question remains; should American tax dollars go to this foreign education cause when public schools in this country have been hurting for years? Besides financial troubles, there's an epidemic of low-performing schools and dismal graduation rates around the country, especially in the nation's inner cities. They could probably use a few million to create programs that might help improve academic performance or perhaps empower needy students like the multi-million-dollar allocation is predicted to help empower girls in Pakistan.
The public school district in the Obamas' own hometown of Chicago could use some extra cash. By Thanksgiving as many as 5,000 teachers could be laid off unless the 367,499-student district—Chicago Public Schools—gets a $500 million bailout from the state. A recent editorial in the area's mainstream newspaper says that it “has been a disastrous time for Chicago Public Schools.” The piece is accompanied by an illustration of a yellow school bus with “Corruption & Politics in our Schools” plastered across the side.
Districts across the nation are in similar situations. In Detroit, Michigan the public school system has a $515 million debt and among the nation's worst performing students. In Oakland, California only half of the district's third graders read at grade level and only 34% of middle school students are proficient in math. These are just two examples of common scenarios across the country. In the White House's own backyard, District of Columbia public schools, graduation rates have long been well below the national average. This could be why the first couple chose not to send their daughters to local public schools but rather an expensive private academy.
battle-hardened said:
I don't want to take wind out of this sail but I personally don't agree with part of number two for myself personally. My mind doesn't work that way. There is no way I could just try to reduce time between relapses because I would wait for the day that I could relapse again and then go all out. Then I would not be able to stop and go into a binge. The only reason I know that for certain is because that's how I originally tried to quit. I've found that I am in the minority here though. I find this more and more, most rebooters have a different mentality than me as I'm an extremist by nature. I have to do or die.
Click to expand...
What does it mean to be a Citizen? Is it the past honors of military service? Is it the recognition of the state, earned through sacrifice? Is it the new found freedom? Ahh yes the freedom… that is what everyone yearns for, why people will lay down their lives for the UEE. Many will tell you that it is the end goal after hardship of service.
We at cReddit Interstellar Directorate believe being a Citizen is something more.
Citizenship is a calling; it is a trumpet in the darkness and a klaxon to wake us from our slumber. It is a call to arms in the ever expanding wars of knowledge, passions, and human sovereignty. We believe Citizenship is just the first step on a journey that will take you beyond the bounds of what you ever dreamed possible for yourself. Citizenship will take you to the outermost reaching stars, deep into the entrenchments of understanding, and high onto the pinnacles of self-actualization. cReddit Interstellar Directorate is here to help you achieve those goals.
———————————————————————————————————————————————————————
We temper ourselves on four basic pillars: Ambition, Ability, Power and People.
Ambition
The drive to become better, to push yourself to limits not yet attained. Those with Ambition strive to be more than they were yesterday. This is the driving force that will help you transcend the boundaries that have been set in place. Having Ambition, nothing is beyond your grasp.
Ability
A confidence in action and execution. Ability defines a person who knows his journey; one who is able to see the road and knows the twists and turns to get to his destination. He is adept in what he strives to accomplish and does it with finesse and efficiency. With Ability, your goals are not only a possibility, but an inevitability.
Power
The conviction of purpose. Power is the tools you wield to achieve your goals. It is the hammer as well as the anvil. It is the reason, the idea, the need and the want. It is all these things and the vigor to achieve them. Using Power, you forge your destiny and bring barriers to their knees.
People
You. You are the cornerstone, the foundation, the anchor and the pillar. Without you and people like you, the world is lost into abstraction and darkness. Each person is a cog in the expanding zeitgeist of human ambition, ability and power. Through People, we move mountains, venture into the unknown, and make the galaxy turn.
By Max Constant
BANGKOK
The Thai government was shrouded in more controversy Saturday with Human Rights Watch claiming that it separated Uighur families when it decided who would go to Turkey and who went to China this month.
Sunai Phasuk, the organization's representative for Thailand, claimed in Saturday's edition of the Bangkok Post that female and young family members were sent to Turkey, while the menfolk - and some women - were shipped to China.
"Soon after the Thai government was lauded for sending over 170 Turkic women and children to the country of their choice, the same government made a U-turn on its policy by sending the Turkic men to a country where they did not want to go,” Phasuk was reported as saying.
Human Rights Watch stressed in a statement Friday that the deported Uighur faced the risk of mistreatment in China.
“Uighur who previously had been forcibly returned to China have faced arbitrary arrest and detention, and criminal prosecutions,” it said.
On Saturday, Thai authorities denied the accusations.
“Our policy was not to separate families and the immigration police were doing the best to implement that policy,” Anusit Kunakorn, secretary-general of the Thai National Security Council, told the Post.
Kunakorn affirmed that 140 women and 32 Uighur children were sent on July 2 to Turkey with the support of the Turkish government.
Phasuk has previously said that 173 were sent to Turkey, meaning that - if correct - just one man was on the plane.
They “were not involved in illegal activities,” he underlined.
He said that the group sent to China on Thursday included 85 men and 24 women “who were verified as Chinese citizens by Chinese authorities.”
“Some were involved in wrongdoing,” he added.
According to the Thai immigration police, there are currently 60 Uighurs still detained in Thailand – 52 men, four women and four children – who are undergoing a process of “nationality verification.”
Thailand has faced a wave a criticism from Turkey, the European Union and the United States (among others), along with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and human rights groups, for its deportation of the Uighur to China.
Thai media has also been mostly critical.
“If the [deported Uighur] already face criminal charges, of course, the alleged promise by China to treat them well is false,” the Post wrote in a Saturday editorial under the title Migrant saga shame.
“On the other hand, if China and Thailand had discussed such charges under normal international practice, a case for extradition could have been made,” it added.
Thailand's visa and consulate departments in Turkey remain closed since mobs gathered outside July 8.
"The consulate department will be re-opened and continue to serve when the conditions normalize," the Embassy in Ankara said in a statement Friday.
The Uighur – who constitute around 45 percent of the population of Xinjiang – have accused China of carrying out repressive policies that restrain their religious, commercial and cultural activities.
Tap here to view theScore's NHL Offseason tracker, which includes the latest transactions and rumors.
The Vancouver Canucks are high on Brandon Sutter.
Acquired Tuesday from the Pittsburgh Penguins in exchange for Nick Bonino and Adam Clendening, Sutter appears to be part of general manager Jim Benning's long-term plans:
Benning sees Sutter as a "foundation piece" for #Canucks organization. Provides much needed speed & edge needed to come playoffs. — Vancouver Canucks (@VanCanucks) July 28, 2015
Benning added he's already begun speaking to Sutter and his camp about a contract extension, with the 26-year-old's current deal - which pays him $3.3 million per season - set to expire at the end of 2015-16.
Drafted 11th overall by the Carolina Hurricanes in 2007, Sutter has scored 98 goals and added 87 assists in 495 career games.
Sutter tied his career high in goals (21) last year in a third-line center role with the Penguins.
About This Game The legendary RPG Wizardry is reborn as a Rogue-like game. Terrifying monsters and countless traps stand in your way. Infinite eerie Labyrinths filled with terrifying monsters and countless traps to snare Adventurers. Your destiny is in your hands! Never far behind are the deadly battles and the creeping fear of being trapped alive. Take on Labyrinths with your own mighty party! Collect and train characters, build your own mighty party, modify items you find, and take on Labyrinths!
A new nostalgic experience is here!
There was a time when mad kings and grand wizards feuded over magical artifacts. A time when stories of dragons and their lust for treasure were not stories at all.
That is, until they faded into legend, and the Kingdom of Ardéme was born. Yet the road to prosperity is fraught with strife – a foul mist swept across the land. Its rotten reach was not boundless, however. An endless source of divine protection was found flowing from a single sacred cup: Holy Water. Nevertheless, the kingdom's demise was sealed when King Arthurus' closest confidant, Grand Sorcerer Ambrosius, was bitten by a vampire lord and fled the land with the holy cup in hand, never to be seen again.
With the fall of the once-mighty realm, the Miasma ravaged the land without mercy. Ardéme became a desolate uninhabitable terrain, and with nothing to keep its evil in check, the malevolence reached neighboring Camrone. Ardéme's heir to the throne, the young Prince Danjaq, was granted refuge by Camrone's ruler, Duke Baudricourt. Dreaming year upon year of reclaiming the cup, when the moment came to face Ambrosius, he met the same fate as his father.
The Miasma grew denser, hungrier, and more powerful by the day, gushing forth from countless mysterious Labyrinths littered across the land. Baudricourt, resolved to see an end to the crisis, assembled a force to investigate. Many lost their lives, as he discovered all too late that the Miasma possessed the power to manipulate the Labyrinths to act out its evil will, and without sufficient Holy Water to protect his troops they were like lambs being led to slaughter. With his numbers dwindling fast, Baudricourt ordered his Overseer, Alah'wi, to send word to the four corners of the land... "To Arms Ye Courageous Adventurers, Heed The Call Of Duty!"
And so begins the Age of Adventurers. A tale of Holy Water, the Miasma, and Labyrinths!
Rolling Thunder bikers cross Arlington Memorial Bridge into Washington, D.C., May 26, 2013. Thousands of bikers are anticipated in Washington on September 11. (NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP/Getty Images)
Bikers hoping to cruise nonstop through Washington, D.C., on Wednesday, Sept. 11 received disappointing news over the weekend: the city denied their permit request.
"We find this regretful for the residents and businesses of that great city, and humbly offer our apologies," organizers of the ride said Friday on Facebook. "What could have been a one or two-hour ride through will now likely be an all day event."
It's legal for motorcycles to drive through D.C. and participants plan to cross into the capital undeterred after 11 a.m. "For security purposes the final route will not be posted publicly," the organizers added.
It's unclear if law enforcement will take action against what may be a traffic-clogging permitless demonstration on wheels.
Riders plan to abide by all relevant traffic laws, such as yielding to pedestrians and stopping at red lights.
But a member of the D.C. police department's public affairs office told U.S. News officers will act "if there is a crime committed."
It would be a crime for riders to engage in certain activities "if a permit is required" for them, according to the police spokesman.
"2 MILLION BIKERS TO DC" The State of Maine, Chapter had kickstands up yesterday. Heading to D.C.#2MBikers pic.twitter.com/gI41I40Ka1 — HangEmHigh (@HangEmHigh69) September 9, 2013
The Muslim-initiated demonstration received a permit from the National Park Service for use of the National Mall. Its participants will include groups that doubt the official account of the 2001 terror attacks, at least one tea party organization, Princeton professor Cornel West and Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Rep. Emanuel Cleaver, D-Mo.
Bike riders are already en route from across the country. Local press reports said bikers whizzed through Florida and Texas Sunday on their way to D.C. Photos posted to Twitter show meetups in Phoenix, Knoxville, Tenn., and Maine. Organizers set up Facebook groups to help organize participants from each of the 49 continental states.
Ted Gest, a spokesman for the D.C. attorney general's office, which would prosecute alleged infractions, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
More News:
Following the official announcement of Assassin's Creed III, Ubisoft made it clear that the third major installment in the long-running franchise is going to be the biggest title the French publisher has ever created.
It's obvious that Ubisoft's bold claim is being taken seriously in-house, as they've gone as far as hiring a Native American consultant to ensure elements relating to this game's protagonist are being handled appropriately.
With Assassin's Creed III focusing on the American Revolution, another change that has been incorporated – which indeed complements the story alteration – is the much-requested addition of a new character in the form of Connor Kenway. Although Ubisoft didn't take the path of introducing a female protagonist in Assassin's Creed III, opting for a Native American named RatohnhakÃ©:ton is still a bold choice.
In talking with the PlayStation Blog, creative director Alex Hutchinson explained that Ubisoft wants to ensure they implement the game's lead character perfectly, hiring a Native American to help achieve just that:
“We took it very seriously when we decided to have a Native American assassin, we wanted someone who was one step removed – we didn't want a Redcoat or a Patriot. We also really liked the idea of having a minority as the lead character, especially one that isn't really represented in popular culture. “It comes with a lot of risk as well; we've hired a Native American consultant to make sure we're handling things appropriately, and the actor who voices Connor is Native American as well.”
Another change among the myriad of improvements and additions Assassin's Creed III will include is the protagonist having the capability of dual-wielding weapons. This mechanic was introduced by the developers as it was seemingly required during the Colonial era. The insertion of the dual-wield feature, meanwhile, prompted the developers to apply alterations to the control layout.
The development team had previously spoken about the new control schemes streamlining past mechanics, but took this opportunity to open up a bit more:
“We wanted him to feel more like a predator, so all of his combat is two-handed whether it's tomahawk and knife, or hidden blade and knife. There's a lot of new gear, and if you've watched movies like The Last of the Mohicans you can probably figure out some of them. But the core combat system has been rebuilt completely. What the buttons do, how they do it, the enemy types, the strategy, and so forth. “The goal was to create a character who was as nimble and as capable in a wilderness environment as Ezio and Altair were in cities. We wanted to turn the frontier into a 3D playing space of uneven surfaces and slopes and trees….so when we looked at the controls, we thought we could clarify them. Having to hold two buttons at once in order to climb was definitely something we wanted to address.”
Hutchinson also delved into how the mechanics of past Assassin's Creed installment's free-running have been tweaked, hopefully putting to rest concerns that the old means of navigating alleyways and ladders wouldn't break down when applied to the wilderness:
“In Assassin's Creed III, if you hold R1 you'll free run safely. You'll stay relatively horizontal, so Connor will run past trees and he'll only take “safe” jumps. But if you hold X as well, then the run becomes unsafe – he'll try to go vertical, and if he hits the edge of a cliff, he'll jump. Hopefully it'll give peoples' hands some relief, but it's also a way of telling the game whether you want to take risks or not. “We've managed to unify that new control scheme with our fighting. R1 is always sprinted, so you don't have to lock onto enemies anymore in order to attack them. And if you wanna get out of a fight, you just hold R1 and off you go. We have this idea, too, that Connor is always in motion – that he can assassinate on the run. So we have ways to run past a guard, snatch his musket, shoot his buddy, kill the next guy, and keep on moving.”
It's extremely welcoming to see the variety of changes and additions Ubisoft's eight studios who are working on the game have integrated, as well as the diversity of strategies players will be able to experience. It looks like this is shaping up to be undoubtedly the best Assassin's Creed title to date.
Ranters, are you looking forward to experiencing another Assassin's Creed experience, but this time under the control of Connor? Are you also open to the flurry of additions and tweaks being made in Assassin's Creed III? Share your thoughts via the comment section below.
Assassin's Creed III is currently scheduled for a release on October 30 2012 in North America while the title releases throughout European territories a day later for Xbox 360 and PS3. A PC version is expected to release around a month later.
–
Source: PlayStation Blog
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6 — When Mark Klein, then an AT&T technician in San Francisco, stumbled on a secret room apparently reserved for the National Security Agency inside an AT&T switching center, he hardly expected to be caught up in a national debate over the proper balance between American civil liberties and national security.
But four years later, Mr. Klein's discovery has led to a spate of class-action lawsuits against the nation's largest telephone companies. The threat posed to the telecommunications industry by those suits has prompted the Bush administration to push Congress to grant companies legal immunity for their secret cooperation in the N.S.A.'s program of eavesdropping without warrants. With many Democrats in Congress seemingly willing to grant the legal protection, Mr. Klein has come to Washington to fight back.
Mr. Klein, 62 and now retired, will begin meeting Wednesday with staff members on the Senate and House Judiciary Committees to try to persuade them to put a brake on the immunity legislation. He says the phone companies do not deserve the legal protection.
“I think they committed a massive violation not only of the law but of the Constitution,” he said. “That's not the way the Fourth Amendment is supposed to work.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The administration and other supporters of immunity say the companies should get it because they were acting under what they believed to be lawful orders from the government. The administration also argues that if the lawsuits, coordinated by the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a privacy group known as EEF, are allowed to proceed, they could reveal national security secrets, and so the Justice Department has sought to block them by using the “state secrets privilege.”
Last week Adam posted some impressions of the spaceship managing FTL, and you're allowed to read them. And now, Craig's spoken with its creators, Justin Ma and Matthew Davis. They talk about how the project came to be, how they're still in shock over their massive Kickstarter success, and how it was that the game was inspired by text adventures.
RPS: Can you tell me a little bit about yourselves: how you met, how you got into game development, what you worked on before going indie?
Justin Ma: We were both working in a larger game studio in Shanghai, China. I had been a game designer on a few projects I didn't feel strongly about and got more satisfaction out of my side projects: little experiments using GameMaker. Matt and I got along quickly but we really bonded over playing boardgames with a number of friends.
Matthew Davis: I got a degree in computer science before going to work at the game studio where Justin and I met. Like Justin, I had trouble getting excited about the projects we were working on. Going indie seemed to make sense since we covered most of the necessary skill requirements between us, and China was an affordable place to live.
RPS: Where did the idea spring from, how has it evolved over time?
Matthew Davis: When we were trying to decide what sort of game to make, we had been playing a couple of board games that focused on running a ship instead of flying it and I had been working my way through a Deep Space Nine boxset. Those led to the initial idea to replicate the feeling of being the captain on a starship. In any given episode of Star Trek, the captain is always yelling “Reroute power to shields!” or telling the engineer what to do now that their Warp Core is on fire. We wanted that experience, as opposed to the “dog fighting in space” that most videogames focus on. We wanted a game where we had to manage the crew, fix the engines, reroute power to shields, target the enemy life support, and then figure out how to repel the boarders that just transported over!
Justin Ma: This abstract player experience was clear goal from the start but the details of how the game would function were entirely up in the air. We didn't have a lot of examples to draw from when designing the actual user interactions so early on it felt like there were an infinite number of directions we could take the game. It was freeing and somewhat terrifying at the same time.
RPS: There are some obvious influences, Star Trek being the one I run in my head when I keep booting it up. What have you been inspired by and why do they resonate with you?
Matthew Davis: The obvious TV show/movies (Star Trek, Battlestar Galactica, Firefly, Star Wars, etc.) were definitely big inspirations. They gave us the atmosphere and experience we wanted to create. Ships seem so fragile in those shows, just one hit (despite “shields at 80%”) results in smoke and destruction. We wanted to replicate the tension and danger of space exploration so every decision the player makes feels vital for the survival of their fragile ship and crew.
For the actual game design, details were pulled from the hundreds of games we've played growing up… ranging from classics like Fallout and X-Wing to more modern inspirations like Mass Effect.
RPS: Any surprising influences?
Justin Ma: It may not be surprising since I say it often, but Spelunky was an experience we drew from frequently. Other than being an excellent game, I feel Derek Yu really figured out the formula for distilling the spirit of Roguelikes into another genre.
Matthew Davis: King Arthur the Roleplaying Wargame would probably be a surprising influence. It reminded me how fun and diverse entirely text-based adventures can be. And it has a brilliantly crafted atmosphere that really immerses you into a role, which I hope FTL manages to do as well.
RPS: The game seemed pretty playable from the IGF/Onlive build. How much of what you want to achieve did it represent, and how far along is the current Steam-served beta?
Matthew Davis: That IGF build represented the core gameplay and experience that we set out to make last year. Since then, we've been iterating and expanding on what we already had. The focus since then has been fleshing out the universe with more aliens and events. And since a rogue-like life and dies on re-playability, we've also been making sure the game has enough variety to ensure the player wants to keep coming back for more adventures. Some people in the Beta have already invested 40+ hours into the game, so I'd cautiously say that so far it seems to be worth coming back to over and over again.
RPS: Capturing that feel of a working spaceship, but keeping it simple is a really smart move. I'd probably fear the game a little if rerouting powerthrough systems were any more complicated: it would be about the systems more than the stories each game generates. The current set-up feels like it feeds right into you playing a game then turning around and telling someone “did you see that?”
Justin Ma: We love complex gameplay mechanics but we hate how they can often lead to a cumbersome interface. We wanted each mechanic to be simple to understand and manage but allow multiple mechanics to interact with each other in complex ways. Therefore situations such as when your ship is on fire, your life support is down, your crew is fighting on the cloaked enemy ship and a boarding drone just crashed through your hull are not entirely overwhelming. Each of these problems may have a simple solution, it's just up to the player to find a way to figure out the best way to do so.
RPS: I'd like to hear a thrilling tale of space derring-do. Do you have a favourite moment from playing it?
Justin Ma: Recently I had a rough fight in an asteroid field and had to jump away with a number of my systems being damage. However, at the next beacon I was immediately attacked and boarded by a rebel ship. The boarders were in my weapons system and attacking it so I made a hasty decision: I teleported my few surviving crew members onto the enemy ship while locking down our blast-doors and using a bomb to make a hull breach in the weapons room of my own ship. While the boarders were suffocating, I finished off their ship's remaining crew and disabled their weapons. I was able to win a fight I thought I would surely lose in a matter of moments.
RPS: You started pretty low and ended pretty high on Kickstarter: what were you initially hoping Kickstarter would provide? What was the plan for those funds?.
Justin Ma: We had been living very cheaply for the first year of development but even so our savings were wearing thin. We needed the money to formally set up the company, buy licenses and pay our sound guy for his work that had been mostly pro bono. I thought hitting our goal of 10k was not unreasonable and when I felt particularly optimistic I hoped for 18-20k.
Matthew Davis: I wasn't sure what to expect from the Kickstarter. $10k sounded like a healthy, reasonable goal, and the $200k we achieved is still difficult to believe despite it being months later.
RPS: And now? Are there grand plans? Can you point to a part of the game that will benefit more than you'd thought?
Justin Ma: Since we were so close to a finished product we didn't have the leisure to rethink our entire development plan. That being said, we greatly expanded numerous aspects of the game. It's been great to have the freedom to purchase a good sound library without feeling guilty or eating ramen daily. Our writer consultant, Tom Jubert, has helped us flesh out the setting and has added a lot of character to the various alien races. We've been working with Ben Prunty to greatly expand the game's music. The tracks now dynamically change as you go back and forth from combat to exploration, which has really helped the atmosphere. And perhaps the biggest benefit was that the Kickstarter allowed us to get our Beta on Steam so we could have extensive testing over the past few weeks.
RPS: What sort of budget were you working on before?
Matthew Davis: We didn't really set out with much of a plan or a budget. We had some extra time and savings, and we thought we'd try to make something and see if it was fun. For me, it started as more of a learning experience and test of our skills than anything. The favorable reaction from IGF is what drove us forward on it.
Justin Ma: Essentially our budget was just how much rent, food and utilities cost for a year in Shanghai.
RPS: Any additional pressure now that you have money from players to ‘finish' the game?
Matthew Davis: Of course. The responsibility to make a great game for our backers is an immense pressure that we're taking very seriously. It's been a stressful couple months but it's been a lot of fun seeing people enjoy the Beta.
RPS: The reward tiers must take up time and money to fulfill. How are you dealing with them?
Justin Ma: We were conservative with our rewards and most can be delivered online. However, a number of the rewards will have to wait until after the initial release when we are not in a game development crunch mode.
RPS: Kirk, Picard, Adama, or Reynolds?
Justin Ma: Picard.
Matthew Davis: Kirk
• Chilean weightlifter taken ill before event in Brazil • Elizabeth Poblete was unaware she was pregnant
An Olympic weightlifter has unexpectedly given birth to a baby boy during training. Chilean Elizabeth Poblete, who competed at the Beijing games, was practising lifts in São Paulo ahead of an event when the boy was born.
Poblete had admitted to feeling unwell during training a week before the birth, according to reports in Brazil, but was "shocked" to find she was pregnant.
The boy was born at three months premature and remains in intensive care. However, Poblete has since left the hospital after telling Brazilian television she does not have the funds to continue medical care for her and her baby. The hospital has denied it discharged the 22-year-old because she failed to pay her bill.
Poblete finished 12th in the 69-75kg category at the 2008 Olympics.
By Aldo Amato,
RENO, Nev. – Reno 1868 FC has signed attacking midfielder Lindo Mfeka, the team announced Wednesday pending league and federation approval.
The San Jose Earthquakes draftee joins Reno 1868 FC after spending most of the season with the expansion club.
He recently became a free agent after being waived by the Earthquakes.
“Signing Lindo was a top priority for our club and our fans,” Reno 1868 FC GM Andy Smith said. “We're bringing back a dynamic midfielder that helped us all throughout last season.”
Mfeka helped Reno score 75 goals this past season adding six goals throughout 2017.
The South African native also added three assists while boasting an 86 percent pass success rate in his 22 starts in Reno. Mfeka also scored the first hat trick of his career on Sept. 20 against OKC Energy FC.
The hat trick helped clinch a playoff spot for Reno 1868 FC and helped set a new USL record for most goals in a single season.
“I chose to sign with Reno 1868 FC because of the support I get from both Reno and San Jose,” Mfeka said. “I am looking forward to being back in the Biggest Little City.
“I grew as a player there and I feel like I still have room to improve.”
Head coach Ian Russell added that he's excited to add an offensive weapon like Mfeka to next season's squad.
“Really glad to have Lindo back,” Russell said. “He's one of the most creative and dynamic midfielders in the USL.
“We're looking forward to his attacking presence next season.”
Name: Lindo Mfeka
Pronunciation: (Ma-feka)
Position: Midfielder
Height: 5'7”
Weight: 154 lbs
Date of Birth: 3/30/1994
Age: 23
Hometown: Durban, South Africa
Country: South Africa
Last Club: San Jose Earthquakes
How Acquired: Free Agent Signing
Daimler, the parent company of Mercedes-Benz, has a message for Tesla CEO Elon Musk: It's putting money into electric vehicles.
In a Twitter message Monday, Daimler trolled Musk over how much it is investing in electric cars. The tweet included a link to Daimler's electrification goals.
Daimler's provocation was in response to Musk's own tweet sent over the weekend that expressed disappointment in the German automaker's announcement it was going to invest $1 billion into its Alabama factory to produce an electric SUV there.
Daimler announced Sept. 21 that it plans to produce a Mercedes electric SUV under a new brand called EQ at the Tuscaloosa, Ala. factory. The automaker is also building a separate battery plant next to the factory. The EQ brand will cover a number of electric products, from vehicles and charging services to home energy storage units.
Here's Daimler's tweet:
You're absolutely right @elonmusk. Here is the missing zero: Investing >$10bn in nxt gen EVs & >$1bn in battery prod. 👉 https://t.co/Tk747isWAc — Daimler AG (@Daimler) September 25, 2017
And here's Musk's tweeted that started the whole interaction:
That's not a lot of money for a giant like Daimler/Mercedes. Wish they'd do more. Off by a zero. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) September 24, 2017
Musk responded to Daimler within hours of the tweet with one word: “good.”
Authored by Mark St.Cyr,
There are two hot topics post the U.S. presidential election. One is “fake news”, the other is Facebook™ (FB), and its involvement in it.
The accusations and the defenses against have been all over the board. Both figuratively, and literally.
Management from Mark Zuckerberg on down have been professing when it came to anything “fake” it wasn't of their doing. And gee-whiz-by-golly they're going to do whatever it takes to make sure anything “fake” never sees the “like” of day again.
Sounds great, in theory. But there's a very real fact that must now be considered…
If “fake” news was so wide-spread, and so devoured on FB that it had the ability to not only influence, but rather, to overturn political norms and ruin the election of what everyone in media on down believed; that this election was merely a formality on paper because, it was clear to all of them, Mrs. Clinton would win not just walking away, but running? That would mean FB now has to alienate (i.e., by now not delivering “news” these people wanted to see) millions, upon millions, upon millions of now current users. What does that imply to their now “real” (ooopsy, again!) metrics going forward?
If the above hypothetical has the ability to be true (and from a business perspective it sure has) the very fact that FB will now openly censor, mark, tag, possibly defame (whether intentionally or not), and more articles of news, or anything else shared on its platform. Two questions have to be asked:
First: How many FB customers decide they don't need or want a “mommy” deciding what they can, or can not, read or share? Second: How fast does that process begin, and by how many?
No matter what side of the political fence you're on matters. The only thing that matters is what all this means from a business perspective to FB's bottom line. For as much as everyone likes “free”, without Wall Street (or the Swiss Central Bank) buying? FB moves to AOL™ status quicker than you can say “You've got mail®.”
As of this writing some handwriting is all ready appearing on the wall as FB announced not only will it begin to find ways to forbid fact-check. But it has now joined forces with a third party to-do just that. Again, all sounds good on the surface until you're made aware by one's own fact-checking just whom that third-party is. e.g., Poynter™.
Who are they? Personally, I've never heard of them prior, but it only took seeing one man's name on the roster of backers to understand the impact it will have on a great many current FB users, as well as content generators to imagine a most assured backlash. e.g. George Soros.
Again, it doesn't matter what side of the political fence you sit. And it doesn't matter whether you like or dislike Mr. Soros, or anything he's involved with. What does matter is this: How many users, along with legitimate purveyors of content currently using FB are going to allow any form of what they will most certainly view as censorship via an entity controlled (or at least think is) by people they deem hold the antithesis viewpoint to theirs? And it will be they that has the control to censor.
What's the number? 1? 10? 10,000? 10 Million? ____________? (fill in the blank). And what do they represent in economic impact to FB's bottom line? Does it hurt user numbers? Does a revolt in buying ads, or promoting sites, or content develop? The list of potential revenue disruptors begins to get lengthy when you truly ponder the potential impact. And Wall Street doesn't like things that have the potential to hurt the bottom line. Non-GAAP or not.
Remember: The argument is “fake news” (and FB is now considered the poster child for where it ran rampant, whether rightly, or wrongly) had so much influence in this election that it cost the presumed victor millions of votes.
So if you take that logic as being possibly true. Then that means millions of FB users are consumers (For they must have consumed, no?) of that type of content. And if they now know FB will somehow either remove it, or make it so burdensome to access they won't see it? Whether they agree with FB's conclusions or not? Are you beginning to see how this could run?
Then add to that one of the parties responsible for that form of censorship which they will be subject to as for what they may, or may not read – is being decided by an entity presumably controlled under the auspices of Mr. Soros? The potential for both FB content consumers along with content creators getting upset maybe an understatement. Even among the so-called “legitimate” voices. FB could have an outright revolution of revulsion on their hands. Think about it.
What happens if rather than FB being the provider or outlet for calls of boycotts or other social protests when it comes to advertisers and more, suddenly finds those roles reversed where it can be the recipient of those calls? And how do advertisers view those prospects? This whole “fake” has truly opened up a very real can-of-worms for FB in my opinion. A very real and potentially costly “can” at that.
Don't think things have a potential for explosive reactions? Just try telling someone (anyone) they're not allowed to see or read something. Forget politics, I mean anything. Watch how fast any argument of “It's for your own good” lasts, or works.
There are other considerations I'll bet a lot of people have yet to even ponder. So, for those who don't remember ancient history. Or care about “marketing.” Let me leave you with this:
One of the best marketing and sales generating campaigns for the written word ever discovered fell under this same category” i.e., “You can't read that – we forbid it!” Or, “Book burnings begin tonight!” Or my personal favorite “Banned in Boston!”
Personally, I don't use FB. However, with that said – I will be the first one to put up on my site in large letters “Banned by FB” Or “FB says Don't Read This!” Or, something of that sort should one of my articles ever get shared and some form of signaling or notation is made accordingly. It would be a badge of honor. Besides…
You couldn't ask for better marketing. All at FB's expense, and quite possibly, literally.
As you see, the news today is that Joe Lieberman says he'll campaign for Republicans in 2010. And really, that's not too surprising since he did that in 2008. And it's not like he's come back to the Dems in any real way since then.
What did strike me though is that Lieberman is apparently planning to run for reelection in 2012.That's surprises me because Lieberman is actually quite unpopular in his home state. And I'd been assuming that he'd play out his time out showboating through this term and then retire. But if he is planning on running again, at some point he needs to start thinking of who he plans to get to vote for him.
Which brings me to another idea. I don't know how one would swing this under federal election law. But I've wondered for a while whether it would be possible to create a placeholder committee that would raise money for Lieberman's eventual Democratic opponent in 2012. Sort of the Anti-Joe Fund (AJF). I have the sense that that might be a difficult proposition under federal fundraising laws — like you could have the committee but maybe the committee could only give $5000 or something to the eventual anti-Joe candidate rather than allowing the eventual anti-Joe nominee to just walk into the money.
If you could do it though, I would imagine you could probably raise tens of millions of dollars in anti-Joe money over the next three years or so because every time Joe pulled a stunt like the current one, it would be a focus for Dems around the country to work through their anti-Joe ire.
Me: If I say something is a "minimalist writing application" what do you think that is?
My Mom: Like Twitter?
Me: Um, no. What else do you think it might mean?
My mom: Something without verbs?
Me: No, it's something like Word but without all the options.
My mom: Like Notepad.
Me: Yeah but with, like, a few more options than Notepad.
My mom: Why? Who would use that?
Me: I own two minimalist writing applications.
My mom: Well that makes sense. You always had a hard time focusing.
If you have a better attention span/childhood than I do, then maybe a minimalist writing application isn't something you need. But if sitting down to write gives you an overwhelming urge to clean your apartment, a distraction-free writing environment may be the key to your productivity. How minimalist is minimalist enough? Is the one that does the least worth the most? And, like, how minimalist is too minimalist? Well, Goldilocks, let's find out.
WriteRoom What This App Is Best For: When you want a *mise en place* set-up. Real World Analog: A Rube Goldberg machine. Number of Words Before I Got Distracted: 4 Picking Nits: The defaults are terrible. Cost: $10. WriteRoom advertises itself as a distraction-free writing environment but is, in practice, so distracting you wonder if the creators know what the word distraction even means. When you first boot up the application you're launched into a full screen black background with tiny green text and a chunky flashing green cursor. Unless you're Sandra Bullock in The Net looking to feel like a 1337-haxor crushing some text in a pseudo-terminal style application, this is a terrible interface. What can you do about it? Too much. Too much for your own good. Lighten up the background a bit. Hm, too much. Add a little transparency so I can see my nice desktop image a bit. No wait, that's too transparent. I'm sure once I spend two or three hours adjusting all these sliders and dropdowns I won't be distracted by anything at all ever again.
Byword What This App Is Best For: When you want html formatting Real World Analog: A wedding RSVP. Chicken or fish? Number Of Words Written Before Getting Distracted: 53 Picking Nits: Doesn't reflect blockquotes in live writing. Cost: $5
Have you overdosed on WriteRoom's options? Byword is your methadone. Your idle hands still have some preferences to tinker with but not so many that you'll drive yourself batty. Byword is like a waiter at a high-end restaurant: attentive and helpful when you need it, but stays out of your way when you don't. If you write for the web and want to write in a program that's not a clunky content management system but still have what you're writing be easily output in html, Byword is a great for that, since it supports Markdown and has a preview feature that shows you what your document will look like when it's published. And it's easy to gank clean code with it's one-button html export. And if you want to go the extra mile, Byword plays nicely with Marked.app which allows you to create custom CSS. And if that didn't make any sense to you, Byword is a still great program for general writing, though maybe not the best.
iA Writer What This App Is Best For: When you're looking to focus on output, not formatting. Real World Analog: Using a typewriter. Number of Words Written Before Getting Distracted: 114 Picking Nits: Doesn't default to opening in full screen mode even if you last closed it in that mode. Basic Markdown support, but doesn't highlight links. Cost: $9 If you don't need Byword's whiz-bang html support and you're just looking to churn out some text then look no further than iA Writer. iA Writer is also available for iPhone and iPad and, thanks to iCloud Syncing, iCan Use iA Writer Everywhere. I hope you like the look of big typewriter text on a speckled grey background, because you can't change it. iA Writer has no preferences whatsoever. If Hemingway were alive today (and didn't think minimalist text editors were for sissies) this is the program he would use. And if the words start weighing you down, there's an additional focus mode that fades away everything except the sentence you're currently writing. Depending on your writing style & mood this can either be a feature that laser focuses your work, or just an unhelpful gimmick. What's next, just showing one word a time?
Grandview What This App Is Best For: Pushing through writer's block. Real world analog: A telegram. Number of Words Written Before Getting Distracted: 1 Picking Nits: The shortcut to launch the program doesn't work unless you've already opened Grandview once. The default font is Courier (ugh). Cost: $5 In the already patronizing field of minimalist text editing apps, which are all about removing options for users, Grandview vaults over that already high bar to become the grand supreme patronizing application. "You are so distractible, we can't show you more than a sentence at a time." Grandview is the iA Writer ethos taken to the extreme. You only see one word at a time in gargantuan, screen filling text until you type a period. Then you see the whole sentence you've just written. You keep on typing in this fashion till you're content with what you've written and hit escape. Everything you wrote is saved in your clipboard ready to be pasted in your text editor of choice. Are you intimidated by Twitter? Stymied by having to come up with up to 30 words at a time? Take it slow. Use Grandview. Marvel in the accomplishment of each completed sentence.
OmmWriter What This App Is Best For: Keeping the anxious part of your brain busy so you can write. Real World Analog: Yoga class. Number of Words Written Before Getting Distracted: 341 Picking Nits: Even the largest OmmWriter font size isn't as large as iA Writer's only font size. Doesn't support any text styling; no native support for Markdown, though it works with Marked.app. Cost: Basic version is free; $2 on the App Store or pay-what-you-want on their site, where they suggest $4.11. For a minimalist writing application, OmmWriter has a lot of shit going on: pulsing colorful backgrounds, musical accompaniment, keypress tones. Yes, each time you press a key the program chips at you. The free version has 3 chirps you can choose from, but each sounds like a variation on a wounded bird training to become a telegraph operator. The most cringeworthy part isn't the program itself but the way the OmmWriter's creators describe it: OmmWriter emerged as an internal tool to help transport us away from the humdrum noise; allowing us to be at one with ourselves and our ideas. We have worked closely together with a color therapy expert to help us include two new visual chromatherapy backgrounds. These backgrounds employ dynamically changing color techniques to subconsciously promote tranquility as well as to stimulate creativity. The reason I can forgive OmmWriter for being so far up their own ass about what is essentially an unadorned notepad on top of a new age-y screensaver is because, well, it works. The Sofia Coppola-esque musical score and lightly pulsing blue background do in fact make me less distracted. My fingers don't itch to Cmd-Tab away to check my Twitter feed. For me, this is a minor miracle. So if that means accepting that chromatherapy has subconsciously stimulated my tranquility core and purged me of writer's block toxins or whatever, so be it. What OmmWriter really has going for it is what it doesn't let you do. Unlike WriteRoom, Byword, and iA Writer, OmmWriter has no mode other than full screen view, which doesn't allow you to access the dock and only lets you have one document open at a time. With no pop-ups, only mouse over options, not even preferences tinkering will take you away from what you're working on. It doesn't seem like much but all these little touches add up to an experience that keeps me focused on my writing. And this time I didn't have sold my soul to Ray Bradbury to make it happen.
The General Election has delivered a devastating result for the Labour Party and the prospect of five bleak years ahead for our country.
On Thursday we asked people to choose between us and a government that has presided over a food bank epidemic, inflicted the Bedroom Tax on the most vulnerable, vandalised our National Health Service and failed in its core promise to balance our nation's books.
And yet David Cameron was not only re-elected on Thursday, but returned with an increased mandate from the British people. If that does not make us fundamentally question our future direction as a Labour Party, nothing will.
Now we should take our time to reflect, renew and reconnect.
I'm ready to serve in that rebuilding process as part of the Labour team. But I can't do that as Leader at this moment and I won't be putting my name forward in the coming leadership contest.
It's not the right time for my family. My eldest kids had a very tough time when they lost their mum and I don't want them to lose their dad. I need some space for them, my wife and our youngest child right now, and I wouldn't have it as Leader of the Opposition.
I don't believe we could have worked any harder for a Labour victory – and we owe a great debt to the thousands of people who campaigned valiantly on doorsteps across the country.
Nor do I think our defeat was down to the public discovering a sudden affection for the Conservative Party or what they stand for.
It was a judgment on our failure to move out of the comfort zone of critiquing the Tories and instead set out a positive alternative. The Labour Party has no divine right to expect the support of the British people. We have to earn it.
Our party now faces immense challenges.
In Scotland we have been all but wiped out. We were also rejected across large parts of England. Put London to one side and more people have walked on the moon than the number of Labour MPs elected across the South West, South East and East of England.
And while UKIP only retained one seat, they made a marked impression in our traditional heartlands. They cost us seats we needed to win, contributed to some excellent Labour MPs losing their seats, and they are not going away. We need to take them on.
To overcome these challenges we need to address some fundamentals holding us back.
First, we failed to tap into people's aspirations with a sufficiently optimistic vision for how Labour would improve their lives.
Important issues like education too often fell through the cracks in our messaging – even though it is the best engine of social mobility. We should be asking ourselves what more we could have said about giving every young person the best possible start in life.
Our pledge to re-introduce the cap on class sizes for 5, 6 and 7-year-olds for instance was and is a good policy. But it was the same policy that first appeared on a Labour pledge card 18 years ago.
We need to be a party open to fresh thinking and new ideas. And we need to follow through on the good ones.
Labour began this Parliament leading the debate about devolving power away from Westminster. It ended it having allowed George Osborne to steal our clothing with talk of a Northern Powerhouse. We must never go into an election again giving communities like Carlisle and Pudsey the impression that the Tories were more serious than us about spreading wealth and power across the country.
We should equally ask how we allowed ourselves to be perceived as not on the side of wealth creators. Never again can we allow ourselves to be painted as having a problem with people eager to work hard, get on and succeed. They should know that Labour will always be their champion.
Second, all our promises of change at this election were undermined by doubts about our economic competence.
Was the last Labour Government's investment in schools and hospitals responsible for the global financial crisis? No. And we should have been stronger in rebutting that false charge when it was first made. Our failure to do so left us hamstrung – even when the Tories abandoned fiscal responsibility in favour of unfunded and unbelievable promises.
Labour fought this election with a manifesto costed down to the last penny. We carried out our own zero-based reviews, scrutinising every line of government spending.
Were we this focused on looking after every pound before 2007? Clearly not. Would the last government have been in a stronger position to respond to the financial crisis if we had been? Of course. And we should say so. Only then will we be able to regain trust as safe custodians of taxpayers' money.
Thirdly, we need to revitalise our party and reconnect with the public.
In a rapidly changing world, party politics looks increasingly small and remote from most people's lives. Many understandably feel that our nation's problems have outgrown our politics.
Labour's membership is at its highest level for 15 years – but it is skewed towards particular parts of the country.
We have hundreds of strong and active local Labour parties – but if we are honest with ourselves we know others that have stagnated and failed to reach out to their communities.
We need to reassess everything we do as a Labour Party to help bridge that gap and properly involve people in how we do our politics. It won't be easy, but a party founded to give a voice to working people should not set its ambitions any lower.
Labour has always been at its best when we put our party at the service of the nation. We should be proud of our past. Britain is immeasurably a better place thanks to everything achieved by the last Labour Government – from the National Minimum Wage to Sure Start and equal gay rights.
And as we mark 70 years since VE Day this week, we are reminded of how a country shattered by conflict was rebuilt as a Greater Britain by Clement Attlee's reforming Labour Government.
Now the British people will need us to serve them again, and it falls to this Labour generation to answer. We must not let them down.
Dan Jarvis is the Labour MP for Barnsley Central
Image: Ben Ruby
Software governs much of our daily lives from behind the scenes, from which sorts of information we consume, to who we date. For some, secretive algorithms decide whether they are at risk of committing a future crime. It's only natural to want to understand how these black boxes accomplish all this, especially when it impacts us so directly.
Artificial intelligence is getting better all the time. Google, for example, recently used a technique known as deep learning to kick a human's ass at Go, an incredibly complex board game invented thousands of years ago. Researchers also believe deep learning could be used to find more effective drugs by processing huge amounts of data more quickly. More relatably, Apple has injected the technique into Siri to make her smarter.
Futurists believe that computer programs may one day make decisions about everything from who gets insurance coverage, to what punishment fits a capital crime. Soon, AI could even be telling soldiers who to shoot on the battlefield. In essence, computers may take on a greater role as our insurance salespeople, our judges, and our executioners.
These concerns are the backdrop for new legislation in the European Union, slated to take effect in 2018, that will ban decisions "based solely on automated processing" if they have an "adverse legal effect," or a similar negative effect, on the person concerned. The law states that this might include "refusal of an online credit application or e-recruiting practices."
"As soon as you have a complicated enough machine, it becomes almost impossible to completely explain what it does"
In the event that a machine screws up somebody's life, experts believe that the new law also opens up the possibility to demand answers. Although a "right to explanation" for algorithmic decisions is not explicit in the law, some academics believe that it would still create one for people who suffer because of something a computer did.
This proposed "right," although noble, would be impossible to enforce. It illustrates a paradox about where we're at with the most powerful form of AI around—deep learning.
We'll get into this in more detail later, but in broad strokes, deep learning systems are "layers" of digital neurons that each run their own computations on input data and rearrange themselves. Basically, they "teach" themselves what to pay attention to in a massive stream of information.
Despite these programs being put to use in many facets of our daily lives, Google and Apple and all the rest don't understand how, exactly, these algorithms make decisions in the first place.
If we can't explain deep learning, then we have to think about if and how we can control these algorithms, and more importantly, how much we can trust them. Because no legislation, no matter how well-intentioned, can open these black boxes up.
Google's AlphaGo faces off against Go player Lee Sedol in March of 2016. Image: Flickr/Buster Benson
Yoshua Bengio is 52 years old and has been at the Université de Montréal since 1993. He's one of a handful of Canadian computer scientists who toiled in obscurity to make the key breakthroughs that transformed deep learning research from a graveyard for promising careers into a multi-billion dollar industry.
I called Bengio in the hopes that he would ease my anxiety over a fact that would make anyone who believes robots will one day kill us all shudder: we don't really understand how deep learning systems make decisions.
He didn't exactly chill me out. In fact, he said, it's exactly because we can't mathematically pick apart a decision made by deep learning software that it works so well.
"As soon as you have a complicated enough machine, it becomes almost impossible to completely explain what it does," Bengio said. "Think about another person or an animal—their brain is computing something with hundreds of billions of neurons. Even if you could measure those neurons, it's not going to be an answer that you can use."
The math at the core of deep learning systems is really pretty simple, Bengio said, but the problem is this: once they get going, it becomes too complex to make sense of. You could put all the calculations that went into making a decision into a spreadsheet, Bengio explained, but the result will just be numbers that only a machine can understand.
It's worth emphasizing here that deep learning still runs on computers, and that means we shouldn't completely mythologize it. Think about it this way: in the past, many people were paid to be human computers. The term "computer" contains an implicit historical continuity that draws our attention to the fact that today's powerful machines are doing the exact same job as these original human computers, but much faster.
"You don't understand, in fine detail, the person in front of you, but you trust them"
Consider the Turing machine, a concept of an ideal computer popularized by Alan Turing in the 1930s that is still used today to think through some of the thornier issues surrounding the ethics of intelligent machines. But in Turing's mind, "a man provided with paper, pencil, and rubber, and subject to strict discipline, is in effect a universal machine."
In essence, then, extremely powerful deep learning computers are still only computers, but they're also savants in a way—data goes in, and outputs come out. We understand the math and the high-level concepts of what makes them tick, but they have an internal logic that's outstripped our ability to comprehend it.
Bengio argues that trusting a computer is no different, or more dangerous, than trusting another person. "You don't understand, in fine detail, the person in front of you, but you trust them," Bengio continued. "It's the same for complicated human organizations because it's all interacting in ways nobody has full control over. How do we trust these things? Sometimes we never trust them completely and guard against them."
This is the core idea behind provisions pertaining to AI in the EU's new law. By banning only decisions made entirely with automated processing that negatively impact a person, a system that employs a human at some stage in the decision-making loop would presumably still be allowed.
But one can imagine some situations where some sort of "right to explanation" might still be desirable, even with this caveat. For example, when a self-driving car crashes. The data processing was presumably fully automatic, and likely negatively impacted at least the car's passenger. Perhaps the car decided to inexplicably turn left instead of right. We could call this a glitch, or we could call it a bad decision.
To find out how that decision was made in an effort to satisfy the "right to explanation," we can tear apart its machine brain, but all the numbers we pull out… Well, they'd just be numbers resulting from billions of individual autonomous calculations, and not any sort of clear explanation for a human tragedy.
Here, and in many other less personally injurious instances of AI behaving badly, there is no satisfying explanation to be had here, right or no right. The case will be the same for an autonomous car crash or an autonomous denial of insurance coverage.
Human computers in 1949. Image: Wikimedia
Deep learning systems, or neural networks, are "layers" of nodes that run semi-random computations on input data, like millions of cat photos. These nodes are weighted, and reorganize themselves to arrive at an output—say, the defining visual features of a cat. This process is called training. Google achieved this by networking 16,000 computer processors running one billion individual "neurons" in 2012.
These systems make predictions based on what they "know." If you show a neural network a cat photo that it's never seen before after being trained, it would be able to say with some certainty that this, too, is a cat. Researchers can modify deep learning systems to do different things by training them on different kinds of data—books or human speech instead of cat photos, for example.
After a dozen or so layers and billions of connections, the path toward a given decision becomes too complex to reverse-engineer. It's not that these systems are magical in any way. They're governed by math—it's just too complex. The cake is baked, so to speak, and it can't be un-baked.
"Imagine if you were an economist, and I told you the detailed buying behaviour of a billion people," explained Jeff Clune, a computer scientist at the University of Wyoming who works with deep learning systems. "Even if I gave you all of that, still, you'd have no idea what would emerge."
Neural networks with even a very small number of connections may take years to poke and prod until they are fully understood, Clune said.
"I don't know what that symphony is going to sound like—what the music will sound like"
"I can look at the code of the individual neuron, but I don't know what that symphony is going to sound like—what the music will sound like," Clune continued. "I think our future will involve trusting machine learning systems that work very well, but for reasons that we don't fully understand, or even partially understand.
None of this is to suggest that researchers aren't trying to understand neural networks. Clune, for his part, has developed visualization tools that show what each neuron in every layer of the network "sees" when given an input. He and his colleagues have also written an algorithm that generates images specifically designed to maximally activate individual neurons in an effort to determine what they are "looking" for in a stream of input data.
Google engineers took exactly this kind of backwards approach to understanding what neural networks are actually doing when they built Deep Dream, a program that generated trippy images purely from a neural network's learned assumptions about the world. "One of the challenges of neural networks is understanding what exactly goes on at each layer," a Google blog explaining the approach stated.
The end goal isn't so much to understand the mysterious brain of a super-intelligent being, as it is about making these programs work better at a very base level. Deep Dream itself revealed that computers can have some pretty messed up (not to mention incorrect) ideas about what everyday objects look like.
But the fact remains that deep learning is arguably the most effective form of machine learning we've developed to date, and the tech industry knows it. That's why the technology is already being used, fine-grain understanding be damned.
I called Selmer Bringsjord, computer scientist and chair of the Department of Cognitive Science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, to hear his thoughts on the matter. He told me that all of this means one thing:
"We are heading into a black future, full of black boxes."
Talk of trusting black boxes isn't very helpful when algorithms are already disproportionately targeting racialized people as being at risk for criminal recidivism. A recent paper also found examples of racist and sexist language in a large, and massively popular, machine learning dataset.
How do we make sure robots don't turn homicidal or racist? A good first step might be, as the EU's algorithmic discrimination law suggests, keeping a human in the decision-making loop. But, of course, humans aren't guaranteed to be free of bias, either, and in some cases—a self-driving car, for example—having a human calling the shots may be impossible or undesirable.
According to Bengio, we should be selective about the data these systems vacuum up. For example, we could ensure a neural network doesn't have access to Mein Kampf. Instead, we could make computers read The Giving Tree or some W.E.B. Du Bois.
"Once we know the problem, say, we don't want a machine to rely on certain kinds of information, we can actually train it to ignore that information," said Bengio.
In other words, banning the underlying technology of deep learning and advanced AI is pointless, but it can be directed to benefit people. Doing so requires political will instead of simply letting corporations chase profits, Bengio added.
Whatever these systems are used for—killing or accounting—and however we corral them, we still won't understand them. In a future that will be driven by deep learning processes, this makes any "right to explanation" for a decision made by an AI nigh impossible.
The question now is what we're going to do about it as the modern tech industry continues to proliferate a technology that we don't understand, frankly, because it works.
We're either going to have to learn to trust these systems, as Bengio suggests, like we would any other human being, or we can attempt to control them. Because when disaster emerges from the rote functioning of invisible algorithms, we may be left empty-handed when we demand an explanation.
An abbreviated version of this article appears in the May issue of VICE Magazine. Click HERE to subscribe.
A military jury found Lt. Col. James Wilkerson guilty of groping a sleeping woman's breasts and vagina. But the Air Force wasn't done with the "superstar" F-16 pilot. It reinstated Wilkerson to active duty and wiped away his conviction – but, to save face, is pledging not to promote him to full colonel.
The incident has infuriated Senators and military-survivor advocates, who say that Wilkerson's case underscores just how clueless the Air Force remains to the persistent epidemic of uniformed sexual assault.
Wilkerson's conviction at his court martial last year led to a sentence of a year in jail, the forfeiture of his pay and a dismissal from service. But last month, the commander of the Third Air Force, Lt. Gen. Craig Franklin, who presided over Wilkerson's case, overturned the verdict, wiped away Wilkerson's conviction from his record, and returned him to active duty. All this occurred in the wake of the Air Force's pledge to crack down on servicemember sexual assault following the Lackland Air Force Base scandal, in which trainers repeatedly abused, molested and raped female cadets.
Now the embarrassed Air Force is looking for a face saving way out of its institutional mess. Its answer thus far, reports Stars & Stripes, is to remove Wilkerson's name from its promotions list. There's an opportunity for Wilkerson to appeal the decision.
In the military's "up-or-out" officer system, stopping Wilkerson from getting promoted is a bureaucratic, passive-aggressive way of encouraging him to retire. Thanks to Franklin, Wilkerson would be able to leave the military without a stain on his record, without the Air Force doing a thing to address the proven abuses committed by an officer termed an "Air Force superstar" by his last performance review.
"The Air Force could do an administrative separation action and try for a lower discharge characterization, but given the notoriety the case has attracted that's unlikely," says retired Col. Morris Davis, a former Air Force lawyer. "It would require in essence another mini-trial unless he did a waiver in lieu of a discharge board. He could also face a grade determination at retirement that would retire him in a lower grade." But that's about it for additional discipline.
All this has advocates wondering if abused servicemembers can find justice inside the military, however loudly the Pentagon insists it's taking the issue seriously.
"This case sends a horrible message to victims of sexual assault in our military that are thinking about coming forward," Nancy Parrish, president of the Protect Our Defenders support network, tells Danger Room. "Why bother to put the investigators, prosecutors, judge, jury and survivors through this if one person can set justice aside with the swipe of a pen?"
Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Missouri) is calling on the Air Force to fire Wilkerson and removing Franklin from his leadership position. "This stunning decision demonstrates a total disregard for the survivors of sexual assault and for the findings of the military justice system," she wrote to Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Welsh and Air Force Secretary Michael Donley this week.(.pdf)
Parrish supports McCaskill. "The authority to investigate, prosecute and adjudicate must be taken outside the chain of command," she says. "And Commanders should not have the authority to set aside a conviction or sentence by a judge or jury."
The Senate Armed Services Committee plans a big hearing on Wednesday into military sexual assault. Expect to hear much more about Lt. Col. Wilkerson then.
ORLANDO, Fla. — Every day dozens of Puerto Ricans straggle into the Orlando area, fleeing their homes and lives ravaged by Hurricane Maria. In the months to come, officials here said, that number could surge to more than 100,000.
And those numbers could remake politics in Florida, a state where the last two presidential and governor's races were decided by roughly one percentage point or less.
There are more than a million Puerto Ricans in Florida, a number that has doubled since 2001, driven largely until now by a faltering economy. But their political powers have evolved slowly in this state, and the wave of potential voters from the island could quickly change that calculus.
If the estimates hold, and several officials said they might be low, the Puerto Rican vote, which has been strongly Democratic, could have rough parity with the Cuban vote in the state, for years a bulwark for Republicans in both state and national races.
RALEIGH — A faster track for Henderson County's new early early college at Blue Ridge Community College, repayment of sorts for Yancey County's headaches over U.S. 19 construction and new penalties for hunting in the rights of way of Buncombe County are among this year's class of local bills for the state's western region.
Filing deadlines for local bills not related to the budget expired last week and legislators rushed to finish up ahead of this week's focus on the House spending plan. Last Thursday, 67 bills, local and otherwise, were filed in the House and 49 in the Senate.
Among the WNC local bills is a proposal from Sen. Ralph Hise, R-McDowell, to help Yancey County and the Town of Burnsville recover costs some of the damage done by extensive delays in the Burnsville section of the U.S. 19 East widening project.
Hise said in an interview Monday with Carolina Public Press that the delays, caused in part by a tandem waterline replacement project, have led to extensive backups and now is expected to be delayed into yet another fall tourism season.
“It is absolutely devastating,” Hise said Monday.
The roughly eight mile project started in 2011 and was supposed to be completed in the summer of 2015. Starting at the end of the month, the contractor, Young and McQueen, will draw a daily fine of $2,500 until the project is completed.
Hise said the bill would use some of the damages being paid by the contractor back to help the community recover.
Senate Bill 839 directs the state Department of Transportation to send half of the damages collected on the project to the Yancey County/Burnsville Chamber of Commerce. The money, which would be paid each month out of the Highway Trust Fund, could only be used for promoting travel and tourism in Yancey County.
“This has really hurt a lot of businesses,” Hise said. “It doesn't make sense for [the fines] to go back to the state.”
Henderson Bills Move
Monday night the House approved two Henderson County bills sponsored by Reps. Chuck McGrady, R-Henderson, and Chris Whitmire, R-Transylvania. House Bill 956, Henderson County/ Community College Projects, would speed up approval and construction of a building on the campus of Blue Ridge Community College to house Henderson County's early college program. McGrady said the bill would reduce the construction schedule by six to nine months.
Also passed was HB957, legislation updating language in the Henderson Town Charter adopted in 1971. The official title of members of the town council would become “council members” rather than “councilmen.”
The bills now move on to the Senate.
Other WNC local bills include:
Perception is reality.
Players who produce a lot of points are sometimes misidentified as someone you should want on your NBA team. And by comparison, those who don't are susceptible to being overlooked.
Last season, some foolishly debated whether Draymond Green deserved a spot on the Western Conference All-Star team. He was, after all, only averaging 10.2 points at that time. What often goes unnoticed and unquantified, though, is the effect players like Green have in other areas of the game.
Thanks to all the advanced stats and available technology, NBA front offices—fortunately—understand a player's influence goes well beyond the number of points they produce.
Take Derrick Rose, for example. This dude ranked 40th in the NBA last season by averaging 18 points, yet he ended up signing a minimum deal with the Cleveland LeBrons Cavaliers more than three weeks into free agency, as first reported by ESPN.com's Chris Haynes.
At first glance, Rose's 47.1 percent shooting paints him as an efficient scorer. However, his true shooting percentage (53.0) ranked 218th among qualified players—an unimpressive standing due in large part to the tunnel vision he gets while driving to the lane.
In the first video below, he uses the threat of an on-ball screen to get deep toward the hoop. The defense then collapses on him and has four guys around the restricted area by the time he's attempting the shot. He gets his first blocked shot back and tries to go up again, but another help defender rejects him from behind. He easily could have kicked it out to either corner or the top of the key, where the original screener (Kristaps Porzingis) was left open. Hell, Carmelo Anthony starts drifting back on defense before Rose even takes his first shot:
The second video is a great example of a bull seeing red.
Rose is never able to beat Malcolm Brogdon off the dribble and even loses control of the ball for a moment. Fortunately (but not really), he recovers his handle in time to throw up a beautiful one-handed fadeaway floater that hits nothing but backboard:
The New York Knicks appeared to be a better team with Rose last season; their net rating improved by 0.4 points per 100 possessions with him in the game. But Kristaps Porzingis, someone who adds value to his team in more ways than scoring, boosted his team substantially when he was on the court, upping New York's net rating by 2.1 points. The big man brings a menacing presence, both on the glass and in the paint. It's likely he who had a bigger impact on that jump, especially since they shared the court for so many of Rose's minutes.
Shabazz Muhammad fits into Rose's category as well, albeit to a smaller degree. He averaged 18.3 points per 36 minutes last year, which ranked 68th among players who appeared in 50 games or more. But he remains an unrestricted free agent after the Minnesota Timberwolves renounced his rights and is (probably) looking at a minimum deal.
Guys like Rose, Muhammad, Devin Booker, Jordan Clarkson and D'Angelo Russell all fit under this umbrella, though to varying degrees. They're high-volume, inefficient players who bring little else to their teams aside from scoring. They make the last row of the box score look superb, but we can't stop the analysis there. Extending beyond the box score and into advanced stats makes for an even more informed journey.
Win shares is an advanced metric that calculates how many victories a player has added to his team throughout a season or career. If a squad wins 60 games, all its players should combine for something in the vicinity of 60 win shares.
For this exercise, I took a player's total points scored in a season and divided it by his total win shares to see how valuable standalone scoring really is, essentially showing exactly how many points a player needed to produce in order to add a win for his squad.
Players who relied heavily on their ability to put the ball in the hoop needed more points per win share to leave an impression, while players who assisted in other ways needed fewer. We plotted this result against NBA Math's total points added (TPA) to include another measure of value, and, as it turns out, players who posted high TPAs generally required fewer points per win share:
The 2017 NBA MVP, Russell Westbrook, is at the very top left of the graph. He registered a TPA of 890.62 and only required 195 points per win share. His value is rooted in a lot more than just scoring, so this isn't surprising by any stretch; he notched a 57.3 assist percentage and 17.1 total rebound percentage. Rudy Gobert also kills it in points per win share, since amassing points isn't his specialty. His defensive and rebounding abilities allowed him to rack up 14.3 win shares, which translates to 80 points per added victory.
On the flip side, someone like D'Angelo Russell needed 757 points per win share.
Though this may be somewhat surprising for a guy who was traded for a fringe All-Star and first-round pick, he provided little else. He only averaged 3.5 rebounds and 4.8 assists.
Russell possesses the necessary passing vision and skill to continue improving in that area, but he must focus on other areas, as well—mainly defense and shot selection. Here, he passes up a wide-open spot-up opportunity (on which he shot 37.0 percent last year) to jack a step-back jumper—a look he only made 33.3 percent of the time.
Defensively, Russell's stance isn't Booker bad (see below), but it still needs a lot of work. Rather than moving his feet and staying in front of his man, he typically reaches and goes for steals. This oftentimes leaves him out of position and allows the offensive player to drive right past him.
He also tends to lose focus, displaying surprisingly bad court awareness for a player who can be so gifted on the opposite side. He frequently looks confused about his positioning and where he should be:
This starts to prove something some of us already knew: Scoring isn't all that and a bag of potato chips. There are other ways to have an equal or greater effect on winning. Chipping in as a rebounder, playmaker and engaged defender is just as likely to affect the outcome of the game.
Still, people get enamored with those who put the ball in the basket for two reasons. First, scoring looks pretty. It naturally piques our attention. It's an instant reward that suggests our favorite player did something valuable. We've been trained like Pavlov's dogs; every time a bucket is made, we salivate a little.
The second, perhaps equally prominent reason: Points are the most tangible statistic we track. Whenever someone drains a three or makes a layup, we know exactly who's responsible for it. It's a lot harder to measure the exact influence a pass has leading to a bucket. Yes, we know an assist happens when passes generate successful baskets, but that rule isn't even clearly defined in the NBA rulebook:
An assist is a pass that directly leads to a basket. This can be a pass to the low post that leads to a direct score, a long pass for a layup, a fast break pass to a teammate for a layup, and/or a pass that results in an open perimeter shot for a teammate. In basketball, an assist is awarded only if, in the judgement of the statistician, the last player's pass contributed directly to a made basket. An assist can be awarded for a basket scored after the ball has been dribbled if the player's pass led to the field goal being made.
That leaves room for bias by the official scorekeeper. What one rules as an assist, another may not. There are lots of training and examples given in order to ensure consistency across the board, but any time humans are relied upon, there's going to be a certain amount of variance.
Individual defense is even harder to quantify.
It's safe to say nobody knows the exact measure of how many points an individual defender gives up or saves for his team. We have solid baseline metrics like NBA Math's defensive points saved (DPS) or ESPN.com's defensive real plus/minus (DRPM) to help us get as close as we can, but those aren't exact. Defense has so many moving pieces, we'll never be able to get an unequivocal calculation of an individual's true significance. Nuanced caveats such as help defense, the difficulty of assignments and well-guarded shots that still go in all make quantifying performance on the less glamorous end a logistical nightmare.
Sure, we know players such as Kawhi Leonard and Gobert are great defenders. But no matter what they do, no matter how many thinkpieces are written, the extent of their actual value will forever be open to some degree of interpretation.
Devin Booker, conversely, is perceived as a rising star despite his defensive shortcomings. Film and DPS (minus-154.02) all tell us he's a suboptimal stopper. What we didn't know before today is he requires more points per win share (863) than almost anybody else in the NBA. And not one of the nine players who finished with inferior marks take nearly as many shots per game (18.3). His effective field-goal percentage even dropped 0.5 percent from his rookie to sophomore year—odd to see for a player of his perceived caliber, even when accounting for an uptick in volume and usage.
What stands out is his lack of interest, which is best illustrated by his stance. He hardly gets into a crouched position that allows him to move laterally with the offensive player. While that may have passed playing for John Calipari at Kentucky, the NBA is full of athletic studs who will blow by him if he's not ready at every turn. You couple that with his lack of court awareness, and it makes for a defensive letdown:
Booker also registered a real plus/minus (RPM) of minus-1.30, the 45th-best mark among shooting guards alone. Even with a positive offensive real plus/minus (ORPM), the absence of a positive influence elsewhere dragged him down.
Eric Bledsoe, who's not necessarily talked about as much as his backcourt partner, recorded an RPM of 1.69 due to his well-rounded game. He averaged 5.3 rebounds and 6.9 assists per 36 minutes last year, and while he's not the most adept defender, he does a better job parlaying his physical profile into more positive moments.
Most NBA front offices already know to place more stock in the Goberts and Leonards—and even Bledsoes—of the world. It's time for everyone else to catch up.
Giannis Antetokounmpo is the perfect example of a new-age star. The heir to LeBron James' throne isn't a superstar because of the number of shots he makes. He's the new It Guy due to the wide-ranging imprint he leaves on the game.
In this short clip, Antetokounmpo begins by grabbing a rebound. He continues by bringing the ball up the floor and finishing a highlight dunk before wrapping up the sequence by blocking a poor Skal Labissiere on the other end.
This simple clip displays how many different ways he can make his presence felt. For the fourth time in his four-year career, he recorded career highs in points (22.9), rebounds (8.8), assists (5.4), steals (1.6) and blocks (1.9). Oh, and he's also only the fifth player in NBA history to lead his team in those five categories—the first since LeBron James in 2008-09.
Malcolm Brogdon is another illustration of a modern guy who teams should covet. At 6'6″, he can comfortably play three positions. Despite barely averaging double-digit points, he still recorded an ORPM of 1.86—a byproduct of his shot selection and ability to create for his teammates (5.8 assists per 36 minutes). He also carries a defensive demeanor that disrupted his opponents to the tune of 1.5 steals per 36.
Andrew Wiggins doesn't yet fit into that category—he averaged 23.6 points, 4.0 rebounds and 2.3 assists per game—but has time to turn that around. Minnesota Timberwolves head coach and president of basketball operations Tom Thibodeau is trying to lock up the former Jayhawk on a five-year, $148 million contract, partially due to his potential for improvement in non-scoring areas. He possesses all the necessary athletic tools to become a top defender and rebounder for his position, but his effort vacillates. The hope with the extension is that Wiggins will learn from Thibodeau and the newly acquired Jimmy Butler, thereby becoming more of an all-around player.
So remember: Scoring is only a number that looks pretty, not a reliable end-all barometer for success and importance. There are equally integral aspects of the game that fly under the radar, due almost solely to a longstanding dearth of popularity and appreciation.
When used alone, points per game leads us to an inaccurate understanding of a player's impact—a layer of fog obscuring a vision of a bigger, often different-looking picture.
Follow Brian on Twitter @Brianball0.
Follow NBA Math on Twitter @NBA_Math and on Facebook.
Unless otherwise indicated, all stats are from NBA Math, Basketball Reference or NBA.com.
by Adam Armstrong
Nimble Misses Q3 Expectations & Its Stock Takes A Beating
Nimble Storage reported its third quarter earnings Thursday and the news wasn't exactly terrific. While their revenue was up 37% over this same quarter last year it was about $7 million under analysts expectations. Nimble also reported a greater loss than expected at $11 million. And the final bit of bad news was that fourth quarter estimates are also going to be lower than expectations.
Image courtesy Yahoo Finance
Nimble has recently shifted its focus from mid-sized enterprise business to large enterprise all while attempting to break even on operating income in the fourth quarter. While Nimble has been able to acquire more customers in the large enterprise space (“at a strong pace” according to CEO Suresh Vasudevan), they state that these investments are taking longer to become fully productive. And the focus on large enterprise is causing the company to lose ground in the small to medium enterprise sector. Nimble's new plan is to sustain investment in large enterprise while shifting a great focus back to its SME business.
It wasn't all bad news for Nimble. They were able to win a handful of awards and distinctions including being named a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for General-Purpose Disk Arrays, ranked in the top 10 fastest growing companies in North America Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 Awards, and received the rising star award from Global Technology Distribution Council. Nimble was also able to add 617 new customers in the third quarter.
Image courtesy Yahoo Finance
Nimble wasn't the only smaller tech company that had a bad week on the market. Pure Storage went public last month with a bit of a bumpy start, and as one can see above didn't fare too well this week in the market. Violin Memory is another example of a company going public only to see its stock drop and drop. This poor performance may hurt other startups that are thinking of going public. Not many investors are going to flock to their stocks with performances such as these. And with major mergers such as Dell and EMC, the large companies will be able to put a bigger squeeze on the competition, making more difficult for the small guys to pry away new customers.
Nimble Storage main site
Discuss this story
Sign up for the StorageReview newsletter
Image copyright AFP Image caption Women often find themselves crowded out of senior boardroom positions in Germany
Germany's biggest companies have been ordered to ensure that 30% of supervisory board positions are held by women from 2016 under a law agreed late on Tuesday by the governing coalition.
Firms that have not implemented a quota of female directors will have to leave some vacancies unoccupied.
Some leading German business figures have criticised the new legislation.
Similar measures have been introduced in other European countries including Norway, Italy and the Netherlands.
"This law is an important step for equality because it will initiate cultural change in the workplace," Chancellor Angela Merkel, who initially was against the reforms, told parliament on Wednesday.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mrs Merkel is a late convert to the idea of introducing quotas for women in senior jobs
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The new rules are expected to affect about about 100 listed companies
"It has been decided and it is coming. We can't afford to do without the skills of women."
Women's Affairs Minister Manuela Schwesig told public radio on Wednesday that she did not expect many positions to go unfilled because of a shortage of female candidates.
"There are enough women who are qualified to do these very important jobs," she said.
Correspondents say that the new rules will affect about 100 listed companies with employee representatives on non-executive supervisory boards. Another 3,500 firms will in future have to publish gender-equality targets.
While quota supporters welcomed Wednesday's developments as groundbreaking, critics including German Industries Federation chief Ulrich Grillo said that a quota system was counter-productive.
He argued that voluntary schemes were far more effective in getting more women into top jobs.
More than 80% of German boardroom positions are occupied by men, Deutsche Welle reported, even though roughly 40% of the federal cabinet is female.
Of the the 160 most important publicly traded companies, women make up 17.4% of supervisory boards and only 6.1% of management boards, Spiegel Online reported.
It says however that Germany's laws on 'co-determination', which guarantee employees seats on supervisory boards, have made some progress in narrowing the gender gap.
Chancellor Merkel's cabinet is due to approve the quota bill on 11 December, and subsequent parliamentary approval is expected to be a formality.
Last year the EU Commission said that it was considering forcing companies to increase the number of women on their boards.
The Helmet Catch was an American football play involving New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning and wide receiver David Tyree in the final two minutes of Super Bowl XLII on February 3, 2008. It featured Manning escaping from the grasp of three New England Patriots defensive players and throwing a forward pass, followed by Tyree making a leaping catch by pressing the ball against his helmet. The play, a 32-yard gain during a drive on which the Giants scored the game-winning touchdown, was instrumental in the Giants' 17–14 upset victory over the Patriots, who were on the verge of becoming the first National Football League (NFL) team to finish a season undefeated and untied since the 1972 Miami Dolphins, and the first since the NFL adopted a 16-game schedule in 1978. NFL Films' Steve Sabol called it "the greatest play the Super Bowl has ever produced".[1] The play was also named by NFL Films as "The Play of the Decade (2000s)".[2]
Background [ edit ]
Tyree had been used primarily on special teams and had only 4 receptions for 35 yards and no touchdowns during the 2007 regular season.[3] Although Tyree was seldom used as a receiver during the regular season, he caught the Giants' first touchdown of the Super Bowl early in the fourth quarter, (which was Tyree's first touchdown of the season) giving his team a 10–7 lead at the time. The Patriots, undefeated on the season and heavily favored to win the game, scored a touchdown on a pass from Tom Brady to Randy Moss to take a 14–10 lead with 2:42 remaining in the game. The Giants then faced a 3rd down with 5 yards needed for a 1st down from their own 44-yard line with 1:15 remaining. On the previous play, Patriots' cornerback Asante Samuel dropped what could have been a game-sealing interception.
Play [ edit ]
Tyree re-enacts his catch during the victory rally at Giants Stadium after the Super Bowl.
Manning was given the play call "62 Sail-Y Union" from the Giants' playbook in hopes of connecting with a receiver downfield. On third and 5 from the Giants' 44-yard line, Manning took the snap in the shotgun formation and immediately faced pressure from the Patriots defensive ends Richard Seymour, Jarvis Green, and linebacker Adalius Thomas. Green grabbed Manning by the shoulder while Seymour grabbed him by the back of his jersey and attempted to pull him down for a sack. Manning, however, was able to stay on his feet and duck under the arms of the Patriot defenders before scrambling backwards into space at around the 34-yard line. Linebackers Mike Vrabel and Junior Seau attempted to sack Manning, but he was able to throw the ball towards David Tyree. After Eli Manning released the football, he was immediately hit by Mike Vrabel. He threw the ball downfield to Tyree at the 24-yard line of the Patriots. Fox announcer Troy Aikman said after the play, "I don't know how he got out of there." Had Manning been sacked, the Giants would have faced a fourth down with around 8 yards to go for a first, and would have needed to convert for the second time on the drive to keep their chances to win alive (halfback Brandon Jacobs converted on a 4th and 1 three plays earlier in the drive).
Tyree was unable to run his intended route due to a jam by Ellis Hobbs. Starting cornerback Asante Samuel was on the left side of the field, walking to the line of scrimmage right before the snap to jam Plaxico Burress. Tyree saw Manning under pressure and instead came back towards the line to give Manning an option down the field, stopping at the 25-yard line. As the ball arrived Tyree made a fully extended leap for it, while Patriots strong safety Rodney Harrison, also leaping fully extended in tight coverage, attempted to knock it down. Initially, Tyree caught the ball with both hands, but a swipe by Harrison's arm caused his left hand to be knocked off the ball. However, Tyree was able to secure possession of the ball by pressing it against the top of his helmet with his right hand. Harrison pulled him down, and Tyree landed on top of him with the ball still pressed against his helmet. Free safety James Sanders and cornerbacks Asante Samuel and Ellis Hobbs were there, but neither had the time to assist Harrison in trying to prevent Tyree from making the catch.
The play gained 32 yards for the Giants and gave them a first down with 58 seconds left. After the play, the Giants called timeout. Four plays later, Plaxico Burress scored the touchdown that won the game for the Giants, 17–14. It was the Patriots' only loss of the season, preventing them from finishing with a perfect 19–0 record.
Nickname [ edit ]
Like other famous plays in the NFL, this play has been given nicknames, but largely due to two separate, unique occurrences in the play, consensus was not reached on a single name for some time. In 2009, readers of the New York Daily News voted on nicknaming the play "Catch-42" as the favored name in reference to Super Bowl XLII and the kind of coverage the Patriots deployed against the Giants' four-receiver set.[4] Since then, David Tyree has adopted the "Catch-42" nickname as well as ESPN.com.[5] Other proposed nicknames include "The Escape and the Helmet Catch", "The E-mmaculate Connection" (a pun on the Immaculate Reception; the 'E' standing for Eli), "The Double Miracle", and "The Reception that Ended Perfection".[2] "The Great Escape" was used by U.S. President George W. Bush during the Giants' White House visit. "David and Eliath" was also suggested by David Tyree due to biblical reference.[6] Bill Simmons named it "The Helmet Catch" five days after the game, and as time passed by, this became the consensus name for the play.[7]
Aftermath [ edit ]
The catch won the 2008 Best Play ESPY Award. The award ceremony featured a spoof by host Justin Timberlake, who "revealed" that he had left gum on David Tyree's helmet, which helped him catch the pass (since he caught it close to the top of his helmet).[8] During the acceptance speech, Tyree jokingly stated, "Justin, thanks for the gum." Eli Manning also jokingly thanked his offensive line, "for giving me zero pass protection."
In an NFC Divisional playoff game against the defending Super Bowl XLV champion Green Bay Packers on January 15, 2012, Manning threw a Hail Mary pass at the end of the first half, which was caught in the end zone by Hakeem Nicks, giving the Giants a 20–10 lead. Nicks caught the ball by cradling it against his helmet, which prompted commentators Joe Buck and Troy Aikman to note the similarity to Tyree's catch. Incidentally, Buck and Aikman were also the commentators of Super Bowl XLII. The Giants would go on to beat the Packers 37–20,[9][10] as well as win another Super Bowl against the New England Patriots.
Legacy [ edit ]
"It's probably the luckiest play in NFL history. No one really blocked anybody, I'm almost sacked, just kind of rolled out, throw it up for grabs, and David Tyree catches it off his helmet. That's how we drew it up in practice. I never thought it would work, but sure enough, it did." —Manning, 2017[11]
Fox Sports lists Eli Manning's pass to David Tyree as the greatest play in Super Bowl history; editor Adrian Hasenmeyer called the play "an insult to physics and Albert Einstein".[12] NBC Sports and NFL.com have also listed the play as the greatest Super Bowl play of all time.[13][14] NFL Films founder Steve Sabol compared Manning to Fran Tarkenton and said that the play "defied logic, history, gravity and just about anything else you care to mention".[15]
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) today opened debate into the renewal of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Amendments by allowing one of the statute's most vocal critics, Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR), to opine about the “the constitutional teeter-totter, with the security and well-being of all of us on this side and individual liberties on this side” that the Senate must weigh in the course of the debate.
Wyden began his remarks with a history lesson of the nation's early days, when British authorities issued “Writs of Assistance” to allow constables and customs officers to search any house or building in an effort to eliminate colonists' tax-avoiding smuggling. “The problem, of course, is if you let government officials search any house that they want, they're going to search through the houses of a lot of people who haven't broken any laws,” Wyden said. But, he noted, “The colonists said it's just not okay to go around invading people's privacy unless you've got some specific evidence that they'd done something wrong,” and “The fact that English officials went around invading people's privacy without any evidence against them was one of the fundamental complaints the American colonists had against the British government” prior to the Revolutionary War.
“So naturally,” he said, “our founding fathers with the wisdom they showed on so many matters made it clear that they wanted to address this particular complaint when they wrote the bill of rights.” In fact, Wyden offered, “[The Fourth Amendment] was a direct rejection of the authority that the British had claimed to have when they ruled the American colonies: the founding fathers said that our government does not have the right to search any house that government officials want to search, even if it helps them to do their job.”
“For more than 200 years,” Wyden added, “this fundamental principle has protected Americans' privacy while still allowing our government to enforce the law and protect public safety.”
To those that would argue that the Constitution's architects were silent about the Internet and thus their guarantees of personal privacy need not apply, Wyden also had a rebuke. “Certainly, the Founding Fathers could never have envisioned Tweeting, Twitter, and the Internet and all of these extraordinary technologies,” he acknowledged. “But what we have seen as technology has continued to bring us this treasure trove of information all of these spectacular opportunities the Founding Fathers never envisioned, we saw time and time again the Congress and the courts were most successful when they returned to the fundamental principles of the Fourth Amendment.”
Wyden then proceeded to quote Justice Louis Brandeis' dissent in the 1928 Olmstead v. United States, both for its vociferous advocacy in favor of personal privacy and to note that, though it was a dissenting opinion in 1928, the courts and Congress eventually agreed that technology does not negate fundamental rights. “Justice Brandeis said the right of the people to be left alone by their government is the most comprehensive of rights,” Wyden summarized, “And, what he said, the right ‘most valued by civilized men.'” So “As we look today's debate,” Wyden added, “it's so important that we recognize what Justice Brandeis said about the value of getting it right when it comes to liberty, when it comes to individual freedom.”
Wyden noted that, despite being a member of the Intelligence Committee when the Bush Administration devised and implemented its warrantless wiretapping program, he — like most Americans — read first about its existence in the New York Times. “There was a very heated debate, [and] Congress passed the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 and that was to replace the warrantless wiretapping program with new authorities for the government to collect the phone calls and emails of those believed to be foreigners outside the United States.” But despite provisions which its advocates claimed would protect Americans from unconstitutional searches, Wyden says the loophole built into what is now Section 702 has allowed the government to intrude on Americans' privacy.
“Unlike the traditional FISA authorities and unlike law enforcement wiretapping authorities, section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act does not involve obtaining individual warrants,” Wyden explained. “Instead, it allows the government to get what's called a programmatic warrant, lasts for an entire year, and authorizes the government to collect a potentially large number of phone calls and emails with no requirement that the senders or recipients be connected to terrorism, espionage, the threats that we are concerned about.”
“If that sounds familiar,” he added, “It certainly should. General warrants that allowed government officials to decide whose privacy they would invade were the exact sort of abuse that the American colonists protested over and led the Founding Fathers to adopt the Fourth Amendment in the first place.”
“It is never okay, never okay for government officials to use a general warrant to invade the privacy of a law-abiding American,” Wyden stated. “It was not okay for constables and customs officials to do it in colonial days, and it is not okay for the National Security Agency to do it today.”
But, he said, they are nonetheless doing so. “This law doesn't actually prohibit the government from collecting Americans' phone calls and emails without a warrant,” he said, because “the FISA Amendments Act states that acquisitions made under Section 702 may not ‘intentionally target a specific American,' and may not ‘intentionally acquire communications that are known at the time of acquisition to be wholly domestic,'” which Wyden considers too large a loophole.
“It still leaves a lot of room for circumstances under which Americans' phone calls and emails, including purely domestic phone calls and emails could be swept up and reviewed without a warrant,” he said, which “can happen if the government didn't know that someone is American, or if the government made a technical error, or if the American was talking to a foreigner even if that conversation was entirely legitimate.”
Not only could it happen, he said, but it has happened. “The FISA court has ruled at least once that collection carried out by the government under the FISA Amendments Act violated the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution. Senate rules regarding classified information prevent me from discussing details of that ruling or how many Americans were affected over what period of time, but this fact alone, Mr. President, clearly demonstrates that the impact of this law on Americans' privacy has been real and it is not hypothetical.”
Wyden and some of his colleagues are proposing that the Administration be forced to calculate and reveal the exact number of Americans whose privacy his been violated by Section 702, in addition to other changes designed to “rebalance” Wyden's teeter-totter.
Watch the full speech, first uploaded on C-SPAN, below.
Win or lose the rest of the way, it should be argued that year number one under head coach Todd Bowles has been a success for the New York Jets.
By Jeff Jarboe
Click to accept cookies and enable this content
After losing four out of their last five games, Todd Bowles and thebounced back this past Sunday with a dominant win against the division rival Miami Dolphins.
The win brought New York's record to 6-5 and revived their playoff hopes. More importantly though, it's brought a warmer feeling around the new Bowles' era. Whether this team makes the playoffs or not, it's safe to say that year one in the Todd Bowles/Mike Maccagnan era has been a success.
Because this team went 4-1 in their first five games this season and then proceeded to drop four of the next five games, it's easy for fans and analysts to forget that this franchise is in the midst of a rebuild.
To jog the memories of Jet Nation, this is what their team looked like one year ago today:
Record: 2-10
Leading Passer: Geno Smith (1,524 yds, 7 tds, 11 int, 57.4 cmp%)
(1,524 yds, 7 tds, 11 int, 57.4 cmp%) Leading Rusher: Chris Ivory (641 yds, 5 tds, 4.4 ypc)
(641 yds, 5 tds, 4.4 ypc) Leading Receiver: Eric Decker (49 rec, 531 yds, 4 tds)
(49 rec, 531 yds, 4 tds) Total Sacks: 29
Turnover Differential: -12 (8 taken/20 given)
Avg. Points Allowed: 26.6
Avg. Points Scored: 15.8
Insert Mike Maccagnan and Todd Bowles, fast forward one year, and this is where the New York Jets currently stand:
Record: 6-5
Leading Passer: Ryan Fitzpatrick (2,476 yds, 20 tds, 11 int, 58.5 cmp%)
(2,476 yds, 20 tds, 11 int, 58.5 cmp%) Leading Rusher: Chris Ivory (766 yds, 7 tds, 4.1 ypc)
Leading Receiver: Brandon Marshall (71 rec, 931 yds, 9 tds)
(71 rec, 931 yds, 9 tds) Total Sacks: 25
Turnover Differential: +4 (22 taken/18 given)
Avg. Points Allowed: 20.7
Avg. Points Scored: 24.7
(Oh, and the 2014 stats were through 12 games, while the 2015 stats are through 11 games.)
Nearly 1,000 more passing yards, 13 more passing touchdowns, and they've maintained production in the running game from Chris Ivory. The turnover differential has vastly improved, the average points allowed has decreased, while the sack numbers have stayed relatively the same.
And most of all, this team has already won four more games than they did last year at this point (and two more games than they won all of last season).
At this point last year every Jets fan and their mother was preparing for a top 10 draft pick, and accepting the fact that 2015 was going to be a rebuilding year.
New York would go on to win two of their final four games of the season, including a promising Week 17 win against Miami, but it wasn't enough for Rex Ryan to retain his dream job in the Big Apple.
With the once beloved head coach now gone and the not so beloved GM John Idzik let go shortly thereafter, the future of the New York Jets was a mystery.
All the fans could hope for at this point was for a general manager and a head coach who could be on the same page, and use the near $60 million in cap space and sixth overall pick in the draft to build a team for the future.
That is what they got from Mike Maccagnan and Todd Bowles, and it's become clear through the first 11 games of this season.
Maccagnan filled out the secondary by bringing back Darrelle Revis and Antonio Cromartie, and adding Buster Skrine and Marcus Gilchrist.
He filled the void at left guard with the signing of James Carpenter (who's arguably been NYJ's best O-lineman this season).
He added playmakers on offense by trading a fifth and a sixth round pick for Brandon Marshall and Ryan Fitzpatrick, respectively.
He added depth on the defensive line with the selection of Leonard Williams in the first round, and speed on the edge with Lorenzo Mauldin IV in the third round.
The first-year GM took all the money he had and all of the draft picks, and managed to use them in a manner that would form a roster capable of winning now, and preparing for the future.
NYY NYM NYG NYJ NYK BKN NYR NYI NJD SJU NYC NRB
Join Thousands of NYC Sports Fans Today Leave this field empty if you're human:
The trade for Ryan Fitzpatrick for example, now can be considered the best move of the off-season, but at the time it was Macc's way of buying short-term insurance on Geno Smith should he fail to get it right in year four (good thinking).
Then, the selection of Bryce Petty in the fourth round of the draft provided long-term insurance by adding a young arm who could take over for Fitzpatrick in a few years.
Maccagnan's selection of Lorenzo Mauldin IV in the third round was also extremely important because of his value both now and in the future.
Heading into the off-season one of New York's biggest weaknesses on defense was their lack of a speed rusher on the edge. Florida's Dante Fowler Jr. and Clemson's Vic Beasley were two names linked with the Jets in mock drafts, but neither deserved to be picked before big Leonard in the first round.
Though it would have been nice to have a potential three-down edge player like Fowler or Beasley, Macc's knew all the team needed from his edge rusher right now was the ability to come in on third down and bring speed into the front seven.
Mauldin gave him that, and so Maccagnan drafted him with the hopes that his head coach would be able to take his raw speed and potential and turn him into a legitimate pass rushing threat down the road.
It's only 11 games into his rookie season, but so far it looks like Todd Bowles has number 55 well on the way to becoming a starting outside linebacker in this league.
Why? Discipline.
Todd Bowles has provided this team with the discipline that they lacked all those years with Rex.
It's unclear how much chemistry the rookie head coach has built with his team up to this point, but what has been made clear is that they respect him. They respect his defensive mind, and they respect the fact that he came to New York to win.
According to ProFootballTalk, Bowles reportedly “went off” on his team following their Week 11 loss to the Houston Texans. Muhammad Wilkerson mentioned his coach's outburst on WFAN later that week; via ProFootballTalk:
“Coach Todd, after the game, went off on us and told us, ‘Losing is not acceptable,'” Wilkerson said. “He yells at us when things are not going as they should on the field, and they're not looking the way he expects it to be. He definitely gets on us,” he followed.
That is what I'm talking about. Finally, the Jets employ a coach who will hold his players accountable when they make mistakes. A coach whose only goal, week in and week out, is to win football games.
Should the Jets have more than six wins at this point in the season after starting out 4-1? Absolutely, but the wins will come.
It's his first year on the job and he's already managed to maintain a winning record for the majority of the season with a brand-new roster. That speaks volumes about his ability to lead a team.
Record aside, it's become clear through the first 12 weeks of this season that the New York Jets have bought into Bowles' winning culture.
I'm not counting them out by any means–with five weeks still remaining in the season, the Jets are very much in control of their own destiny–but should they miss out on the playoffs, year one in the Bowles/Maccagnan era would not be a failure.
It would be (and already has been) a big step in the right direction.
[su_button url=”https://elitesportsny.com/2015/11/29/ryan-fitzpatrick-throws-4-tds-in-dominating-new-york-jets-victory-over-fins/” background=”#000080″ size=”10″ wide=”yes” center=”yes” radius=”0″]NEXT: Highlights From Jets Win Over Dolphins[/su_button]
You Suck at Setting Performance Metrics
How to Set Great Performance Metrics and Expectations.
Jesse Williams Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 10, 2017
One of the most common frustrations among business professionals is performance metrics. Performance metrics are how employers value the contributions made by their employees and how employees clarify the expectations of their employer. It's a simple tool that when used with intentionality can be a powerful asset for a company, but when used wrong can be one of the fastest ways to lose top talent and discourage your workforce.
I've been on both sides of the table. I've had performance metrics set for me and I have set performance metrics for employees I manage. I've had realistic metrics assigned to my role and have had unrealistic metrics assigned. I've also assigned realistic and unrealistic metrics. Here what I learned from these uncomfortable situations.
Why We Use Performance Metrics
Performance metrics were created for one thing: driving profitability. This started in the manufacturing days when employees were paid a daily wage. To earn your daily wage, you needed to accomplish a daily task. As labor laws and standards were developed, we moved to a more stable workforce where day laborers became employees, eliminating the practice of distributing wages on a daily cadence.
Moving away from a daily task with a daily wage added a level of complexity to measuring the effectiveness of employees. It also decreased the visibility employers had into the contribution of each individual employee.
Employees could show up to work and fail to accomplish their tasks, yet still get paid. Not long after, we transitioned again into a digital workforce where jobs tasks are more and more difficult to quantify. Naturally, this creates a need for job accountability, which is why performance metrics have become a standard practice for modern organizations.
The practice of implementing performance metrics in itself is not a cause for employee frustration.
When done correctly, it helps employees to thrive and feel accomplished with the work they are doing.
When Performance Metrics Go Wrong
Employee frustrations with performance metrics only become an issue when the metrics employees are being held accountable to attain are created for reasons outside of role accountability. For example, sales reps should be accountable for setting appointments and closing deals; the finance department should be accountable for maintaining budgets, salaries, and other financial tasks , the reasons why the individuals was hired.
Performance metrics go wrong for four main reasons:
1. The expectations are unrealistic.
2. The metrics are not directly related to the role.
3. The metrics are not measurable.
4. There is no clear path to success.
Keeping it Realistic
Every founder I've ever met has lofty goals. In our minds, we see our vision and we want to live that vision out ASAP. The problem is that our vision doesn't always align with our reality, and sometimes it takes time — read five to ten years — to build that vision.
One of the most devastating things we can do to our employees is to demand that they make our vision a reality on an unrealistic timeline. This pressure leads to setting goals like 100x revenue growth year over year, 5x efficiency increases quarterly, and maintaining a bi-weekly release velocity. The simple reality is that your employees might be able to achieve goals like this one or two months out of the year, but trying to maintain these goals makes your employees feel as if they are constantly failing, even though they are working their asses off.
If you're a venture-funded company, this reality is in your face everyday. It's important to shelter your employees from unrealistic demands and bipolar tendencies of investors and board members.
Stay Role-Specific
Setting metrics requires a level of intimacy with the various roles in your organization. Every individual you hire has a specific task that makes them a key player on your team. If they do not, congratulations: you've just identified some organizational bloat.
It's important to set a metric specific that is easily measured for every role in your organization, but not all roles will be measured the same. Great employers know that to keep their ship running smoothly requires two types of employees, the technician and the administrator.
Technicians are specialists, they do one thing really well, like writing software or closing deals. These individuals should be measured on a set quota.
Administrators tend to be jacks of all traits, they can write some code, they can interact with clients, and they can manage a team. These individuals should be measured on a growth metric.
The difference between a set quota and a growth metric is simple. A set quota is a daily expectation that can be achieved inside of the 8 hours that an employee is in the office. Generally, you will have overachievers and underachievers. Pick a number that is right in the middle of the two groups. This will keep your best performers happy and those who lag behind working to get better. With the exception of new technology, this number will not fluctuate year over year.
A growth metric is something that cannot be achieved by doing the same thing over and over. It requires thinking outside of the box and optimizing. Administrators can optimize their team by finding and providing new technologies, managing a healthy team culture, and implementing new systems. This is where your bottomline growth comes from. It's important that your administrators know that it's their job to make this growth happen and not pass it on to the technicians.
If It's Not Measurable, It's Not Attainable
This is the simplest aspect of performance metrics. Every metric should be easily measured with a number. Judging employee performance by time spent in the office, personal growth, or third party perspectives does not yield accurate assessments.
A Clear Path to Success
The final and most often neglected frustration with performance metrics is not setting a clear path to success. As founders, we are forced to think differently than our employees. We see a problem and break it down into a series of steps, so for us building a path from A to Z is an everyday practice. For employees, however — especially younger employees — creating that path is not always as simple.
When setting a new performance metric, it's important to work with your employee to know if they are confident that they will be able to make this objective happen. Most likely, at first, they will tell you that they can accomplish the task. If you see them stall out or get frustrated, it's most likely due to them getting stuck creating a path to success.
So solve this, simply work through the task with them. After doing this one or two times, you will see that they begin thinking about problems differently and are able to build their own success paths without any additional support.
In Conclusion
Setting fair performance metrics can be one of the most rewarding things that an employer can do for an employee, and happy employees can lead to speedy growth in your organization. Next time you are frustrated with your company's growth, instead of turning up the heat or threatening salaries, talk with your employees about how they are doing with their performance metrics. Maybe they just need some encouragement.
This post was originally published in the Mindbox Journal.
Living in small town Iowa, Bucky Larson is a simple minded, uneducated, beaver toothed young man still living with his protective parents, Jeremiah and Debbie Larson. Initially saddened when he is fired from his job as a bagger at a supermarket, he eventually sees it as a sign that he is destined for greatness in some other field. Based on some information he learns, Bucky believes that destiny is to become a porn star, despite he is a virgin and only having recently learned what masturbation is. With his parents' blessing, Bucky hops on a bus to Los Angeles to make it big there as a porn star. He is taken under the wings of a few people in LA. On the professional side, he meets the reigning king of porn, Dick Shadow, who only sees in Bucky a laughing stock. But washed up porn director Miles Deep stumbles across what he sees as an untapped niche market for Bucky's limited talents. Miles has the challenge of trying to convince investors who only see in Bucky the antithesis of porn. ... Written by Huggo
CLOSE Tesla shares dropped in after hours trading Wednesday after posting a record loss. Earlier, the Dow and S&P 500 made modest advances. Fred Katayama reports. Video provided by Reuters Newslook
A Tesla battery pack is displayed during a media tour of the new Tesla Motors Inc., Gigafactory Tuesday, July 26, 2016, east of Sparks. (Photo: Rich Pedroncelli, AP)
Production of a vehicle critical to the future of electric carmaker Tesla is lagging badly due in large part to problems at the company's Nevada battery factory.
During a Wednesday call with investors CEO Elon Musk described a breakdown that's essentially disabled half of the production zones for critical battery modules.
“The primary construction constraint by far is in battery module assembly,” said Musk. “Zones three and four are in good shape, zones one and two are not.”
Musk blamed a subcontractor for the failures he said didn't come to light until recently. As a result, according to Musk, the company's executives and teams of engineers are virtually living at the factory.
“I move myself to wherever the biggest problem is for Tesla,” said Musk. “I really believe one should lead from the front lines that is why I'm here.”
Musk said the Model 3 production rate could reach 5,000 per week by the end of the first quarter of 2018, roughly three months behind prior estimates.
Musk, who earlier this week posted images on Instagram from a campfire gathering on the Gigafactory roof, described myriad problems with software, electronics and mechanical parts.
Campfire on the Gigafactory roof A post shared by Elon Musk (@elonmusk) on Oct 26, 2017 at 1:39am PDT
“We did not realize the degree to which the ball was dropped until quite recently,” Musk said. “We had to rewrite all of the software from scratch and redo many of the mechanical and electrical elements of zone two.”
Although the factory problems were enough to delay Model 3 production for months, Musk said the operation will rebound.
“We are very confident about our future,” he said. “This will not be a constraint in the future.”
Located east of Sparks in the Tahoe-Reno Industrial Center the Gigafactory is a joint project between Tesla and Panasonic.
The factory, which Musk once estimated would cost about $5 billion to build, is operational but not yet completed. Competition from state and local governments to host the factory was fierce. The Nevada Legislature and Gov. Brian Sandoval authorized a tax package worth $1.3 billion over 20 years in order to convince Tesla to build in the state.
Tesla acknowledged Wednesday that it would not achieve its previous goal of hitting a production rate of 5,000 Model 3 vehicles per week by the end of the year, instead pledging to do so by the "late" first quarter "based on what we know now."
With delays stacking up, the company swung from a $22 million profit in 2016's third quarter to a net loss of $619 million, much worse than S&P Global Market Intelligence's projection of $498 million.
The wait for a Model 3 was already quite long, compared with auto industry standards. With several hundred thousand people placing refundable deposits for the vehicle, anyone who orders a car now is unlikely to receive it until at least 2019, and possibly later.
The company also appeared to back off Musk's previous pledge to hit a production rate of 10,000 weekly vehicles sometime in 2018, saying in a letter to investors that would come sometime after the 5,000 benchmarks is achieved.
Tesla will also make 10 percent fewer units of the Model S sedan and Model X crossover in the fourth quarter to reallocate manufacturing resources to the sputtering Model 3.
Still, the company said the Model 3 would overcome those challenges and hit a breakeven point in gross profit margin by the fourth quarter of 2018.
Musk also defended the company's recent firing of hundreds of workers at its Fremont, Calif., headquarters and factory following performance reviews, blasting reporters who suggested it was an unusual review and comparing the move to General Electric's famous annual decision to remove low performers.
The company, he said, has high standards.
"If they are not high, we will die," he said. And reporters who breathlessly wrote about the firings "should be ashamed of themselves for lacking journalistic integrity."
Also Wednesday, Tesla reported third-quarter revenue of $2.98 billion, up 29.9% from a year earlier. That edged S&P Global Market Intelligence expectations of $2.94 billion.
Tesla's stock fell 3.6% to $309.64 after the bell.
USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey contributed to this report
CLOSE Watch the Tesla Gigafactory spring up during its extensive construction process. (Provided by Tesla Motors)
Read or Share this story: https://www.rgj.com/story/news/2017/11/01/nevada-gigafactory-woes-short-circuit-tesla-production/823918001/
FILE - In this June 3, 2012, file photo, Jack Nicklaus, left, and Tiger Woods talk after Woods won the Memorial golf tournament at the Muirfield Village Golf Club in Dublin, Ohio. Nicklaus gets asked more about Tiger Woods than he ever did about the golf ball. Only now, the nature of the question has changed dramatically. It has gone from "Do you think Tiger will break your record?" to "What's wrong with Tiger?" The answer is the same. Nicklaus doesn't know. Woods might not, either. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak, File) (Photo: The Associated Press)
DUBLIN, Ohio (AP) — Jack Nicklaus gets asked more about Tiger Woods than he ever did about the golf ball.
The only difference is the nature of the question.
For the longest time, it used to be, "Do you think Tiger will break your record in the majors?" Now it has become, "What's wrong with Tiger?"
The answer is the same. Nicklaus really doesn't know.
Woods might not, either.
Nicklaus was in the broadcast booth at the Memorial on Saturday afternoon watching the highlights — really, the lowlights — of Woods posting a career-high 85 on a Muirfield Village course where he has won five times. There was a mixture of sympathy and surprise.
"I don't have an answer for it, an explanation," Nicklaus said. "I'm sure that he probably doesn't, either. I think he'll get it back, though. I still do. I think he's just too focused. He's too hard a worker and he's got such a great work ethic."
What did anyone expect Nicklaus to say?
It's not much different from all those years when Nicklaus was asked if Woods was going to break his record of 18 majors. Nicklaus kept saying he thought it would happen until one day he posed his own question back to the audience. Could they imagine what kind of headlines Nicklaus would create if he ever said anything else? It was a subtle suggestion to stop asking, not that it worked.
What caused the question to go away was Woods.
Can anyone remember the last time Nicklaus was asked whether his record in the majors was safe?
Woods hasn't won a major in seven years. He hasn't won anything in nearly two years. He has as many rounds in the 80s and the 60s this season. A world ranking of No. 181. Winning a major? Some younger players, unaware of the 10-year exemption for winning a U.S. Open, have been asking how Woods was exempt to Chambers Bay next week.
Nicklaus was asked about Woods during the telecast on the weekend. He was asked about him during a radio interview. Most awkward was Sunday morning, when the best players of each college division were honored with the Jack Nicklaus Award. They were sitting on a stage with Nicklaus when he was asked if he could ever relate to what Woods was facing, and the college kids also were asked to weigh in.
"I don't want to relate to it," Nicklaus said, "and I don't think they do, either."
Comparisons between Nicklaus and Woods are inevitable because their records are similar, and so Nicklaus was asked about his own little slump when he was the same age as Woods is now.
It was in 1979 when Nicklaus went through his first year without a win on the PGA Tour. He was 39. When the majors were over that year, Nicklaus said he might have touched his clubs three times the rest of the year. His short game was so appalling (sound familiar?) that Nicklaus said he putted around bunkers. His swing had become too vertical. So he stepped away.
Nicklaus went to longtime swing coach Jack Grout and effectively started over — the grip, the stance, the posture. Then he went to Phil Rodgers to work on his short game.
"It took me four or five months, but I got my game back," Nicklaus said. Indeed, he won two majors the following year at age 40.
And that's where the comparisons end.
Nicklaus only had one swing coach. Woods is on his fourth.
Woods has a vocabulary unfamiliar to Nicklaus. He talks about being "stuck between patterns." He spoke Monday about making "baseline shifts," which sounds more like tennis than the sport Woods dominated for so long.
He at least sounds committed to this new swing, though at 39 it would figure to take longer than the other changes. He hit so many balls after his opening two rounds at Memorial that he developed a blister outside his left forefinger.
Still, there's no getting around that 85.
"It felt a lot higher," Woods said.
He talks about being caught between old habits and a new swing. Fine. But he was stuck between old and new when he switched over to Sean Foley in 2010, and his off days were never this bad. Woods ended his third round with a quadruple bogey on the 18th for a 43 on the back nine. He shot 44 on the back nine in 2013, the year he won five times and was PGA Tour player of the year.
Strange game. Strange times. No good answers.
With 79 victories on the tour, and with 14 majors, and having gone through four swing changes already, Woods deserves a little more time before writing him off.
No matter how hard it is to watch.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Travel by bus is all set to get cheaper as the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government in Delhi is offering discount of up to 75% in order to encourage more people use public transport and leave their personal vehicles at home.
For the whole of January, there will be a flat fare of Rs 5 in non-AC DTC and cluster buses and Rs 10 for air-conditioned buses.
Right now, a ride in a non-AC bus can cost anywhere between Rs 5 and Rs 15. The AC buses charge fares between Rs 10 and Rs 25.
The government has decided to give free travel passes to students (below the age of 21), widows and senior citizens.
It is also offering a permanent discount of 75% on travel passes to women and those belonging to the economically weaker section.
They can get a monthly pass for Rs 250, which currently costs Rs 800 for non-AC buses and Rs 1,000 for AC buses.
“Our aim is to reduce the number of vehicles on road, which will reduce pollution. Buses are anyway running empty and by lowering the fare, we are expecting more people to use the bus service. We are targeting youngsters and if they leave their bikes home and take the bus, then pollution will be reduced to a certain extent,” said a senior transport department official.
As per the data, 21.80% Delhi commuters travel by bus but share of buses among all registered vehicles in Delhi have gone down from 1.52% in 1980-81 to 0.36% in 2014-15. However, during the same period, the share of private vehicles (two and four wheelers) increased from 86.61 % in 1980-81 to 95.95% in 2014-15.
DTC fares for the different segments. ( HT Graphics )
Cars and two-wheelers eat up more than 75% of the road space but meet only 20% of the commuting demand and buses use less than 5% of the road space but meet more than 60% of the travel demand.
Sources said Deputy CM Manish Sisodia and transport minister Satyendar Jain held a meeting on Tuesday and asked the department to implement the scheme at the earliest.
“The notification for flat fare scheme will be out in 2-3 days and initially, the scheme period would be from January 1 to 31. The scheme to give discount on the pass will be announced soon. Free passes will be issued for a year and can be renewed after that,” the official said.
Sources said that Jain was facing resistance from the department on the issue, but Sisodia has now directed the department to implement it without any delay. Of the 4352 buses, DTC has 569 standard, 2,506 green low-floor and 1,275 AC low floor buses. Besides this, there are 1100 cluster buses in the city. The standard buses are overaged and will be taken off road by the end of 2016.
DTC carried 43.47 lakh passengers per day in 2013-14, which reduced to 38.87 lakh per day in 2014-15 and it reduced to 35 lakh in 2015-16.
First Published: Dec 21, 2016 07:13 IST
Why expand transit? Why now? Five reasons: increased efficiency, improved individual and regional economies, and jobs, jobs, jobs.
Cook County's current transit system allows hundreds of thousands of residents to get to and from their destinations in a safe, efficient and affordable way every day. Unfortunately, four out of five of the region's biggest job centers outside of downtown Chicago are underserved by transit. People traveling to work or school in these suburbs have no choice but to drive. The resulting traffic leads to wasted time and wasted money. Expanding and improving the region's transit system will increase commuter choice, decrease congestion, connect businesses to transit locations and reduce the number of individuals without vehicles who are, in effect, excluded from the job pool.
But it can be more than that. Transit expansion, from my perspective — which includes decades of experience in transportation and community development issues, as well as service to the Chicago Transit Authority board — must be part of a wider strategy around transit-oriented development. That is, transit expansion should be accompanied by development that integrates residential, office, retail and other amenities into walkable neighborhoods within a half-mile of quality public transportation.
This type of development tends to be more economically resilient than others, as evidenced by the Center for Neighborhood Technology's study for the American Public Transit Association and the National Association of Realtors. Between 2006 and 2011, the report found, average sales prices for residential properties within walking distance of a transit station outperformed the region by an average of 42 percent. In Chicago, home values in transit-served areas performed 30 percent better than the region. That's real money for local tax bases, not to mention homeowners' wallets.
Add to this a recent analysis by the Brookings Institution that makes a clear case for transportation infrastructure investment as an economic development strategy. It's a popular, and smart, play these days. Other countries, both developing and developed, are doubling down on investments to build and upgrade their transportation infrastructure. They see it as the path to long-term sustainable growth. We need to see, and do, the same.
Most Republicans I talked to say Trump is doing a good job. They pin any grievances they may have on other political actors—the media, Democrats, and congressional Republicans.
“I like his values. I like Trump's values. I think he's gonna do good for us,” said Debbie Walker, a middle-aged white woman I spoke with at the festival, “Yeah I think he's doing well.”
A few days before meeting Dale and Debbie, I was introduced to a man named Charlie Combs at an apple butter-making event associated with the festival. With cauldrons of apples cooking all around us, Charlie explained that much of Trump's overwhelming local support had to do with people's aversion to Hillary Clinton. “They did this,” he said, holding his nose to suggest that many people here thought of Trump as the lesser of two evils. “The Republicans are stupid,” Combs said, “but the Democrats are godless.”
Combs, a retired forest ranger and water resource inspector, railed against America's $20 trillion national debt, and lamented that Trump would not do much to reduce it. When I told him that Trump was pressuring House conservatives to endorse a budget that adds $1.5 trillion to the deficit, he just shook his head.
Lowering the debt and balancing the budget are moral issues for Combs. “I'm not smart, but I'm not clear stupid, either,” he said. “If I'm that much in debt, I think my first order of business is to get that in order before taking on something like healthcare reform.”
I asked Combs how he thinks Trump is performing so far. “All right,” he answered, but “I wish they'd let him do his job.” The “they,” he explained, was everyone else in politics — Democrats, Republicans, and especially the media.
The deep distrust of the media is something I have encountered again and again while reporting throughout the country for The Race To 2020 . According to a recent poll , nearly half of Americans think the media makeup stories about Trump. That includes nearly three-quarters of Republicans.
Both Dale and Charlie blamed Congress, not Trump, for the lack of results on healthcare, immigration, and other issues. This too conforms with how Republicans are feeling nationally. A recent CNN poll showed that 85 percent of Republicans approve of the job Trump is doing, while just 66 percent have a favorable view of the Republican Party.
Grant County is a homogenous place, not just politically but also in terms of its religiosity and racial makeup. About 98 percent of residents are white, and less than one out of 1,000 residents was born outside of the country.
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa -- Kristaps Porzingis turned just 22 today and already seems far wiser than that age suggests, which is what an experience in New York will do a person.
He'll be the youngest player in the NBA Africa Game here Saturday, where he'll look to do his part to spread goodwill. Even more important, he's anxious to do the same next season with the Knicks.
“So far it's been tough in New York, but my journey is only beginning and I hope to stay there my whole career, so as a city we can have some fun and win some games and do something big,” he said.
“For me, it's now home.”
That's the most refreshing and reassuring news to hit this summer for a franchise rocked by a front-office earthquake and the ongoing drama swirling around Carmelo Anthony's will-he or won't-he get traded chatter. Caught in the vortex is Porzingis, who's the foundation of the franchise and its hope for the future.
Porzingis was clearly unhappy with a losing season and the culture that caused it as the Knicks, all would agree, were backsliding. He skipped his post-season meeting with then-president Phil Jackson, which sent a red alert through the franchise, and headed home to Latvia to refocus his mind and reconfigure his body. He hasn't spoken publicly about the Knicks ever since, until he arrived here today.
Before the 2017 Draft, Phil Jackson said the Knicks were listening to trade offers for Kristaps Porzingis.
And now? Porzingis seems willing to give the Knicks the benefit of the doubt after Jackson was fired and replaced by Scott Perry. Suddenly, the Knicks have a new voice and a new philosophy, having been freed from Jackson's stubborn insistence in using the triangle offense, which wasn't embraced by the locker room.
The benefits of marijuana in tempering or reversing the effects of Alzheimer's disease have been challenged in a new study by researchers at the University of British Columbia and Vancouver Coastal Health Research Institute.
The findings, published in the current issue of the journal Current Alzheimer Research, could lower expectations about the benefits of medical marijuana in combating various cognitive diseases and help redirect future research to more promising therapeutics.
Previous studies using animal models showed that HU210, a synthetic form of the compounds found in marijuana, reduced the toxicity of plaques and promoted the growth of new neurons. Those studies used rats carrying amyloid protein, the toxin that forms plaques in the brains of Alzheimer's victims.
The new study, led by Dr. Weihong Song, Canada Research Chair in Alzheimer's Disease and a professor of psychiatry in the UBC Faculty of Medicine, was the first to test those findings using mice carrying human genetic mutations that cause Alzheimer's disease - widely considered to be a more accurate model for the disease in humans.
"As scientists, we begin every study hoping to be able to confirm beneficial effects of potential therapies, and we hoped to confirm this for the use of medical marijuana in treating Alzheimer's disease," says Song, a member of the Brain Research Centre at UBC and VCH Research Institute and Director of Townsend Family Laboratories at UBC.
"But we didn't see any benefit at all. Instead, our study pointed to some detrimental effects."
Over a period of several weeks, some of the Alzheimer's-afflicted mice were given varying doses of HU210 - also known as cannabinoids - which is 100 to 800 times more potent than the marijuana compounds. Their memory was then tested.
The mice treated with HU210 did no better than untreated mice, with those given low doses of HU210 performing the worst. The researchers also found that HU210-treated mice had just as much plaque formation and the same density of neurons as the control group. The group given higher doses actually had fewer brain cells.
"Our study shows that HU210 has no biological or behavioural effect on the established Alzheimer's disease model," says Song, the Jack Brown and Family Professor and Chair in Alzheimer's Disease. "More studies should be done before we place much hope in marijuana's benefits for Alzheimer's patients."
###
Alzheimer's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder characterized by progressive cognitive deterioration and is the most common form of dementia.
The Alzheimer Society of Canada estimates that the disease affects close to 300,000 Canadians and accounts for two-thirds of all cases of dementia. Approximately $5.5 billion per year is spent caring for persons with Alzheimer's and related dementias in Canada. By 2031, about 750,000 Canadians will suffer from Alzheimer's and related dementias.
The Alzheimer's Association in the U.S. estimates there are approximately 500,000 Americans younger than 65 with Alzheimer's or other dementia.
The research was supported by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, the Jack Brown and Family Alzheimer's Research Foundation, the Michael Smith Foundation for Health Research and a donation from the David Townsend Family.
Townsend Family Laboratories was established at The University of British Columbia with a donation of $7.5 million from the David Townsend Family. The research centre is dedicated to integrating the basic and clinical research for finding the underlying mechanism and novel diagnostic biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease and developing interventions to prevent and treat this devastating disease.
The UBC Faculty of Medicine provides innovative programs in the health and life sciences, teaching students at the undergraduate, graduate and postgraduate levels, and generates more than $200 million in research funding each year. In 2007/08, out of the total UBC research endeavour, 53 per cent, or $247 million, came from academic and clinical teams in the Faculty of Medicine. For more information, visit www.med.ubc.ca.
The Brain Research Centre comprises more than 200 investigators with multidisciplinary expertise in neuroscience research ranging from the test tube, to the bedside, to industrial spin-offs. The centre is a partnership of UBC and VCH Research Institute. For more information, visit www.brain.ubc.ca.
Vancouver Coastal Health Research Institute (VCHRI) is the research body of Vancouver Coastal Health Authority, which includes BC's largest academic and teaching health sciences centres: VGH, UBC Hospital, and GF Strong Rehabilitation Centre. In academic partnership with the University of British Columbia, VCHRI brings innovation and discovery to patient care, advancing healthier lives in healthy communities across British Columbia, Canada, and beyond. www.vchri.ca.
The Hack of the Week Series highlights a new hackathon programming project each week.
Google engineer Mihai Parparita met his wife during their junior year of college. But at some point, it occurred to them that they had actually taken a class together two years prior to that without introducing themselves.
It took the couple years of conversation to discover this coincidence, but Parparita recently created a way for other couples — or friends and people who just met — to plot their past intersections. A clever app he put together at a Foursquare Hackathon in San Francisco compares two people's checkin history and shows them when they've been in the same room. The app is called Intersquares.
"It's a way of figuring [out where you saw someone before you met them] but also a good way to relive memories with friends," he says. "For people who were using Foursquare when they started dating, it's a nice confirmation of their first date."
To use Intersquares, users hook up their Foursquare accounts and send a link to whomever they want to compare checkins with. As soon as that person links his or her account, voilà, out spits a list of common checkins.
Intersquares was picked as a Foursquare global hackathon finalist out of 90 entries that were created at local hackathons in New York, San Francisco, Tokyo and Paris. Winners were determined by Foursquare employees and online votes.
In addition to a giant inflatable shark, Parparita won the honor of his app becoming a part of the Foursquare badge system. People who connect their profile to Intersquares or the other three finalist hacks will get a "Platformer" badge.
"It's not about money, it's about the world glory," he says.
Image courtesy of iStockphoto, gehringj
Mainstay Rock Bar to close
After five and a half years offering live music Downtown, Mainstay Rock Bar is closing.
The bar, at 301 W. Fifth St., will host a farewell party Oct. 3-5. The owners are inviting back bands that have played there in the past; co-owner Chris Mackenzie said he expects to have about 20 bands take the stage between Friday and Saturday nights. On Sunday, Oct. 5, the bar will host its Bengals party, with multiple DJs.
Mackenzie said business has slowed, and it's time for a change. He expects that another bar/restaurant will take the space but couldn't share details yet.
Betty Bar, the event space that's upstairs from Mainstay, will continue to be available for private parties.
513-721-7625; www.mainstayrockbar.com
Buy Photo Mainstay Rock Bar (Photo: Enquirer file photo)
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1rTINsK
Copyright law is complicated, but one thing is clear: The Digital Millennium Copyright Law was not designed to enable censorship. Unfortunately, the owners of Ashley Madison are using—and abusing—DMCA takedown notices to do just that in order to keep its hacked data off the web.
Just a few hours after hackers posted gigabytes of Ashley Madison user data on the web, a developer reached out to Gizmodo to share a tool that he'd built. The premise of CheckAshleyMadison.com was simple: to help people figure out if their private information was in the data dump. All you had to do was submit your email address or phone number, and the website would tell you if you'd been compromised. This is useful both for paranoid Ashley Madison users and suspicious spouses. Several other similar websites popped up the day after the hack.
Advertisement
Many of these sites were gone by the end of the day on Wednesday, caving to pressure to take them down. Even crazier, Twitter users are reporting that tweets with information about the Ashley Madison hack are also disappearing. This isn't good.
That's Not What the DMCA Is For
Ashley Madison sent out a volley of DMCA takedown notices claiming to own the copyright on the stolen data that CheckAshleyMadison.com and other tools were using. The owners of CheckAshleyMadison.com told Gizmodo that they “felt that it was best to play it safe and comply with their wishes,” so they took the site down. The problem, though, is that nobody's infringing on anybody's copyright.
Advertisement
“Ashley Madison is using the DMCA in a way that it was never designed to be used in order to suppress reporting on the issue,” Andy Sellars at Harvard Law School's Berkman Center for Internet and Society told Gizmodo. “I think it's a rather clean-cut case here. I think there's clearly not infringement in these cases.”
Indeed, the DMCA was designed to combat the illegal sharing of copyright-infringing content. Even if Ashley Madison or its parent company, Avid Dating Life Inc., could convince a judge that it could copyright the data that its users uploaded to its servers, there's a pretty obvious fair use argument to be made. Sites like CheckAshleyMadison.com are engaging in criticism or commentary and, hence, are not infringing. Again, the Ashley Madison data probably doesn't have copyright protection to begin with. You can copyright the expression of information—think about data displayed in a chart—but you can't copyright the information itself.
Since it became law in 1998, the DMCA has become a dangerously easy-to-use weapon for anyone who wants content off the internet. All kinds of parties, from governments to companies trying to save face, have tried using DMCA takedown notices to coerce people into taking things off the internet for fear that they might get slapped with a big lawsuit if they don't.
Advertisement
“You should only use the DMCA when you're worried about copyright infringement,” Corynne McSherry, legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), said in an interview. “If it's just people publishing factual information, it's not infringement. It looks to me like some of the stuff that's targeted is just pure facts.”
Using the DMCA this way is abusing copyright law. Another famous example of this happened a couple years ago, when NASCAR sent a DMCA takedown notice to a crowd member who filmed a brutal crash at Daytona. NASCAR said that they had the video blocked “out of respect for those injured in today's accident.” Fair enough, but that's not copyright infringement. It's called censorship.
That's Not Free Speech
Now, reasonable people could debate whether or not the Ashley Madison hackers did the world a favor by exposing would-be cheaters. However, the company's shady response should serve as a warning to every internet user that DMCA takedown notices are easily abused. There are even services like the DMCA Notice Generator that make creating a legal-looking document as easy as filling out a form.
Advertisement
Based on what we've heard from website owners and interested Twitter users, Ashley Madison's legal team got a little trigger happy when doing damage control on the big data dump. At least three websites received DMCA takedowns for using the data. One of them, Trustify, is still in operation because they (probably correctly) claim that Ashley Madison's “use of the DMCA is fraudulent.” Trustify's founder and CEO told Gizmodo, “This is a desperate move by Ashley Madison. They don't have a copyright on what they're sending notices about.”
Even more absurd than that is the story of Motherboard journalist Joseph Cox who saw his tweets about Ashley Madison disappear. Cox reported on Wednesday that he received a DMCA takedown notices related to three tweets, two of which included screenshots of only two cells from a spreadsheet. One of the emails came from an Avid Life Media employee who explained that “Avid owns all intellectual property in the data, which has been stolen from our data centre, and disclosed in this unauthorized and unlawful manner.”
It's very aggressive to say that two data points constitute infringement on data that's probably not copyrightable in the first place. And once again, this is the problem. It's a problem that Twitter wouldn't speak up and challenge these types of takedowns, but it's also a problem that Ashley Madison and its parent company can scare random internet users with fake claims about their legal rights.
Advertisement
What to Do If You Get a DMCA Takedown Notice
First, don't assume it's legit. Also, don't assume that you've done something wrong. You should ask yourself some questions.
“The first question that you should ask is whether there's copyright infringement. Is the information that I'm sharing even copyrightable?” the EFF's Corynne McSherry explains. “You can ask yourself: Am I engaging in criticism and commentary? Is it fair use?”
Advertisement
In the case of the Ashley Madison data, legal experts agree that the answer to the copyright-ability question is “No.” And if it is copyrightable, the answer to the fair use question would almost certainly be “Yes.” So if you get a DMCA takedown notice related to these hacks, just take Trustify's lead and ignore it.
We've asked Ashley Madison's legal team to comment on the bogus takedown notices. If they get back to us, we'll update this post. In the meantime, this is what one of Ashley Madison's takedown notices looks like:
Re: URGENT – DMCA TAKEDOWN NOTICE Avid Dating Life Inc. (“Avid”) is the copyright owner of data and intellectual property in the data being infringed at: http://checkashleymadison.com Please be advised that Avid owns all intellectual property in the data, which has been stolen from our data centre, and disclosed in this unauthorized and unlawful manner. This letter is official notification under the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) to effect immediate removal of the above-reported infringement. I request that you IMMEDIATELY remove the specified posting and prevent the infringer, from posting the infringing image to your servers in the future. Please be advised that law requires you to “expeditiously remove or disable access to” the infringing material upon receiving this notice. Noncompliance may result in a loss of immunity for liability under the DMCA. The use of the material in the manner complained of here is both unauthorized and unlawful. Moreover, you are in contravention of the law if you continue to publish our copyright and intellectual property. The information provided here is accurate to the best of my knowledge. I swear under penalty of perjury that Avid is the copyright and intellectual property holder. Please send a prompt response to legal@ashleymadison.com, indicating the actions you have taken to resolve this matter. Sincerely, Avid Dating Life, Inc. legal@ashleymadison.com
Contact the author at adam@gizmodo.com.
Public PGP key
PGP fingerprint: 91CF B387 7B38 148C DDD6 38D2 6CBC 1E46 1DBF 22
Easter Greetings from Conception Abbey. Christ is Risen, Alleluia!!!
Our day began pretty early today. I woke up at 3:40am and got ready in order to serve as MC at the 4:30am Vigil. Gathering in the dark of night, we had excellent weather in order to have our Easter fire outdoors. The procession ensued as monks, seminarians, and guests processed into the dark Basilica, which soon began to fill with candlelight, divided and passed to each person from the Paschal Candle. Br. Macario did a fine job singing the Exultet. We read all seven Old Testament readings, and the cantors sang the Responsorial Psalms after each reading without accompaniment. The lights came on during the Gloria, a very powerful moment during a very powerful liturgy. The Vigil concluded at 7:20am and we had a festive reception. Seminarians have Easter Monday off, and classes resume Easter Tuesday.
May the Risen Lord fill your hearts with peace and joy this Easter season!
Advertisements
In the latest movie from director Aaron B. Koontz, called Camera Obscura, Christopher Denham plays Jack, a man who continues to struggle with the horrors he witnessed as a war photographer. His wife gives him a strange camera as an anniversary gift, hoping it will reignite his love of photography. As he develops the film, Jack realizes that the images show imminent deaths in the locations he was at. As one horrific scene after another comes true, Jack is left with an enormous moral dilemma that challenges his already fragile sanity.
We caught up with Koontz to ask him about Camera Obscura. The film arrives in limited theaters on June 9th, followed by VOD/Digital on June 13th.
Dread Central: Do you have a personal fascination with photography?
Aaron B. Koontz: I grew up using 35mm cameras and fell in love with the manipulation of light and emulsion. There was just something hypnotic and beautiful about how you could take a picture that through the lens, looks one way but after the development process it can and would take on an entirely new form. Those experiences in some ways mirror Jack's in our film and his ability (or inability) to predict an outcome through his lens.
Add to that those old stories you hear about other cultures being afraid to have their picture taken, as they believed it would capture their soul. That trope has existed in so many forms over cinema but always interested me. So I started there, with this core idea of a camera and creepy photos that might feel familiar for many of us long-term genre fans, but then I was able to sprinkle in mental illness and PTSD through the lens of a War Photographer and that was when it clicked. It allowed me to create this ultimate unreliable narrator, with an otherwise ordinary man forced to do extraordinary things. I finally had a story that felt interesting and new and it was that combination that really grew into what you see today.
DC: You have a really great cast. It's especially important to have a very compelling cast, when you don't have a huge budget and your story is very emotional… can you tell us who plays who, and how they came on board?
ABK: My cast… wow. It's tough for me to even put into words how lucky I was for this project. Starting at the top with Christopher Denham who played Jack, I truly hit the jackpot there. Chris is classically trained and has excelled for years on both the stage and on the big screen. Many folks would recognize him from Argo, Shutter Island or more recently Showtime's Billions, but right before he came to work with us he was just on Broadway working with legendary director David Mamet on a two-man show. The other actor in that show was Al freaking Pacino. So while to many this might seem intimidating, working with an actor directed by folks like Scorsese, Mamet and Mike Nichols but once you meet Chris and work with him, you quickly see how genuine and laid back he is. We really hit a sweet spot on this project and I will be forever grateful for the opportunity to work with him.
The female lead of Claire was played by the beautiful and charming Nadja Bobyleva who has been a well-known name overseas in Russia and Germany for years. She landed her first American role in 2015, being hand picked by Spielberg himself for Bridge of Spies. Nadja was a suggestion from our Casting team and I was thrilled with what she brought to the table here.
As great as our leads are, our supporting cast was just as impressive. I was fortunate to have worked with Noah Segan before on Starry Eyes and we quickly became good friends and I find it hard to see myself doing too many projects in the future without Noah somehow involved. Noah plays Jack's best friend, Walt.
Chase Williamson and Gretchen Lodge are two other actors that I had known for a while and always wanted to work with. They actually were the first two actors to read this script a good 4+ years ago. Chase I wanted to show off in a different role than folks might be used to for him, and cast him as a young Detective. Gretchen gave one of my favorite performances in recent memory as the lead in Ed Sanchez' Lovely Molly so I worked hard to get her in for some emotional beats as Claire's best friend and co-worker Shannon.
For the Lead Detective we were so lucky to snag Catherine Curtin from Orange is the New Black. I loved the Wanda Bell character she had there and those long drawn out eye rolls she famously gave, breathed new life to this over-bearing Detective that is hot on Jack's trail.
We rounded out the cast with two other good friends, Andrew Sensenig (We Are Still Here) as Charlie Hibbert and Jeremy King as Tad Buckley. Andrew, I met through the Austin horror scene and we had talked about a number of projects together for years before finally coming together on this. Jeremy I knew back from when I worked freelance in Orlando film Production and was lucky to work with him again on a short before tackling this. I must say, I do think Jeremy steals the show in this film. I cannot wait for more people to get to know this man.
DC: What's the most important thing to you, as a director of a horror film?
ABK: I think, in the end, you just have to make something that is true. True to myself as a story-teller and true to myself as a horror and genre fan. I am not someone who just decided to make a horror movie (and one could argue this is more of a thriller, anyway). Horror is my lifeblood and what I have supported through thick and thin since I was a child. So now, I just want to make something that feels new and interesting and isn't cutting corners. Horror fans are smart and decisive and I want to reward them with a film that makes them think, while also giving them the goods. And I can only hope that Camera Obscura delivers on that promise.
DC: What's your favorite scene in Camera Obscura… and can you give us a behind the scenes glimpse into how it came to life from script to set to screen?
ABK: This is tough, because there are a number of really fun and gory scenes that I just watch and smile and others that I am so damn proud of how we pulled off a shot or sequence of shots and the lighting set-ups within. But one scene I always come back to is with Jack and Claire sitting on the couch having a heart to heart. Jack has just gone through some pretty horrific situations and is trying to find a way to confide in his fiancé. There is this moment where he asks her a question and the response is “No… that could drive you crazy.” And right then, Chris who's playing Jack, does this wonderful thing that only actors can do, where he speaks with his eyes which immediately fill with water. And with this subtle shrug he tries to shake off what those words mean to him and in that moment, my heart just breaks. I can feel the weight of the world on this man's shoulders as someone trying so desperately to be “better” and control this situation. But he knows in his heart of hearts how tough that will be. And yes, all of that I get out of 3 seconds of just Chris Denham's eyes. It may sound pretentious, and maybe it is, but that's the beauty of acting to me when done right and as a director I just have to get out of the way and let them do their magic.
DC: Who or what were some of your artistic influences while making this movie?
ABK: Stylistically I'm a big giallo fan, so Deep Red was a reference point with the shadows, colors and close-ups. Story wise, the structure of Seven and American Psycho were two influences that really pushed the narrative and grittiness of the film forward. But as I delved deeper and learned more about PTSD and researched all the legitimately frightening stories of the visions and violent outburst these poor folks endured, it really helped shape, as I mentioned above, the unreliable narrator aspect of this. And that's when more ambiguous and psychological inspirations seeped through like Jacob's Ladder and Lost Highway.
DC: How would you describe Camera Obscura to hardcore horror fans, and what has been some of the fan feedback so far?
ABK: Our first few screenings have been pretty amazing. I love how many theories folks have and all of the wild ideas people come up with after seeing this. And I guess that does segue well into expectations. Because while I acknowledge this is a film that can and is supposed to be a bit ambiguous, I also wanted to reward those who watched closely with a number of hidden clues and Easter eggs that many might not notice on a first viewing. I assure you, the answers do exist and are within the film, I just give fans the credit to find those answers on their time and not have them completely spelled out is all.
DC: What can we expect from you, after this?
ABK: Well, I am producing three other features currently. One is an action-survival film called Bar Fight, and the other is a noir thriller about a woman suffering from spontaneous combustion called Where The Red Fox Lies. The last is a horror-comedy piece that I cannot disclose just yet but is sure to be right up the Dread Central alley, I assure you.
As far as directing and writing I have a science fiction thriller that I am super stoked about called Dream Machine that if all goes well I should be shooting later this year or early 2018. That one, is a truly special project that I have been refining for years and cannot wait to finally unveil it.
Camera Obscura stars Christopher Denham (“Billions,” Argo), Nadja Bobyleva (Bridge of Spies), Catherine Curtin (“Stranger Things,” “Orange Is the New Black”), Chase Williamson (SIREN, Beyond the Gates), and Noah Segan (The Mind's Eye, Tales of Halloween).
The film was written by Aaron B. Koontz, who is making his directorial debut, as well as Cameron Burns.
Synopsis:
A veteran war photographer with PTSD sees imminent deaths in his developed photos, questioning his already fragile sanity and putting the lives of those he loves in danger.
She is also grateful for the community support they received in Hamilton and specifically the Mount Hope area.
"It was crazy, like, hundreds of people were calling and texting me to see if they could help. It was awesome."
As for the airline, Pittman says WestJet was apologetic about the mixup.
"They did what they could," she said. "Their agents were going around, same as the rest of the community. They used the resources as good as they could. Our accommodations and everything was paid for."
WestJet spokesperson Lauren Stewart said the crew was relieved to see the dog reunited with its owners. The company also paid for Cooper to be checked out by a vet before heading home.
"In the days ahead, we will review our procedures in an effort to determine what happened and make changes if needed to prevent future, similar occurrences," Stewart wrote in an email Friday.
Now, Pittman and Simon are deciding whether to fly Cooper to Newfoundland as planned, or have him stay with relatives in Mississauga during their vacation. They're also considering keeping him in a kennel back home in Halifax.
"I've got to sleep on it," Pittman said.
She's not concerned about another flight mixup, though.
"I don't think they'd do the same mistake twice," she said. "But he's so stressed and traumatized…so I'm just more worried about that."
mhayes@thespec.com
905-526-3214 | @mollyhayes
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Over Memorial Day weekend, at least 69 people were shot in Chicago. If past trends continue, most of them are people of color. Mass shootings in places like Newtown, Aurora, and San Bernardino grab national attention, but gun violence is a regular part of life in many communities of color. Among boys and men ages 15-34, for example, African Americans are over 20 times more likely than whites to be victims of gun homicide. Ad Policy Related Article This Will Be a Historic (and Terrifying) Election for Gun Control George Zornick
While more attention to gun violence in communities of color is sorely needed, too often existing coverage focuses on “black-on-black” dysfunction rather than structural causes and potential solutions.
A recent New York Times story provides an example. “A Drumbeat of Multiple Shootings, but America is Not Listening” chronicled the victims of 358 shootings with four or more deaths or injuries. Many stemmed from arguments over a petty grievance, an insult, or another sign of disrespect. The story emphasized the “black-on-black” nature of gun violence, and suggested black activists expend too much energy protesting police violence against African Americans and too little energy focused on “routine gun violence.” While the story's narrative describing the death of an innocent bystander put a compelling face on statistics, the story did not offer meaningful solutions.
The problem of gun violence stems not just from petty grievances among impulsive youth of color, however, but from larger structural issues such as credibility of law enforcement, easy access to guns, and a lack of job skills and opportunities. Communities of color care about both gun violence and police violence. Further, communities of color are not simply sources of problems—they also provide important solutions.
Last month, the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, the Urban Institute, and the Joyce Foundation released Engaging Communities in Reducing Gun Violence: A Road Map for Safer Communities. Our research debunked the notion that African Americans are less attentive to the problem of gun violence than police violence.
In compiling this report, we brought together and listened to residents of communities hard-hit by gun violence—faith leaders, formerly incarcerated individuals, law enforcement, elected officials, social service providers, community activists, and others. Most of the participants were black or Latino—people like Fathers & Families of San Joaquin Executive Director Sammy Nunez; Petersburg, Virginia, Police Chief John Dixon; and Wanda Montgomery of Children's Hospital of Wisconsin. Others were members of our steering committee and have devoted their careers to building safer communities—people like Gary, Indiana, Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson; Rev. Michael McBride of PICO National Network; and Kayla Hicks of the Educational Fund to Stop Gun Violence. We then tested the ideas that emerged against a nationwide survey of 600 African Americans and 600 Latinos conducted by Benenson Strategy Group (BSG) and Ron Lester and Associates.
While about half of African Americans we surveyed nationally described police brutality (54 percent) and police misconduct (50 percent) in America as extremely serious problems, 80 percent of African Americans described gun violence in America as an extremely serious problem. Indeed, rather than discounting gun violence or seeing it in a silo isolated from police violence, many African Americans see the problems as interconnected. For example, 61 percent of African Americans agreed with the statement that “fewer guns on the streets would improve the relationship between the police and the communities they serve.”
Similarly, the communities with which we met thought improving police-community relationships was a key factor in reducing gun violence. Distrust that stems from arbitrary stops and discriminatory enforcement makes residents less willing to work with police, and makes communities less safe.
Solutions put forth by community members were supported by the survey research. Over 90 percent of African Americans and Latinos supported strengthening police accountability through civilian review boards, body-worn cameras, and racial bias assessment and training of police (including new recruits). Over 76 percent of both groups support prioritizing enforcement on higher-level gun violence offenders rather than lower-level “broken windows” offenders.
Community members also emphasized other solutions that address structural factors that underlie gun violence. LIKE THIS? GET MORE OF OUR BEST REPORTING AND ANALYSIS
For example, community residents recommended limiting access to guns by the small group of people at high risk of engaging in violence—sometimes no more than 0.25 to 1 percent of a city's population. Rather than looking to greater penalties for handgun possession that could increase mass incarceration, community members emphasized universal background checks, mandatory reporting for lost and stolen firearms, and increased oversight of licensed firearm dealers. Each proposal was supported by over 86 percent of African Americans and Latinos in the survey research. These restrictions are seen as reducing rather than fueling mass incarceration. About three-quarters of both African Americans and Latinos agreed that “if we keep guns out of the wrong hands, we can also help decrease the number of people who are in prison.”
Community members also recognized that areas the hardest hit by gun violence often have suffered disinvestment of resources by companies and the public sector, and that many of those at high risk to commit or to be victimized by gun violence face a lack of job skills and opportunities, addiction, and other challenges. Thus, our report recommends increased investment in social services targeted at high-risk populations and their families, such as drug treatment, mental health services, job training and placement, and conflict interrupters who mediate disputes and discourage retaliation. Over 92 percent of African Americans and over 88 percent of Latinos support solutions like job training, life skills support, and mental health counseling available to young people and people just released from jail or prison.
In addition to these solutions, we heard a deep desire for community members to engage with law enforcement, elected officials, and other community leaders in developing and implementing solutions to gun violence.
While we should be honest and give much-needed attention to gun violence in communities of color, we need to consider all the facts. Focusing largely on shallow black-on-black spats makes gun violence a “black and brown” problem, masks deeper structural causes of gun violence, and obscures the responsibility of all Americans to help solve the problem. Our new research suggests that communities that are most affected by gun violence understand the challenges, know the solutions that will have the greatest impact, and are eager to be at the table to drive those solutions forward.
10/15 Patch for all platforms: New Achievements and a host of bug fixes
Thanks to everyone who submitted achievements for this update! User generated content is loads of fun for us, and we hope everyone out there enjoys them.- Added 20 user-generated achievements (see pinned thread for details)- Fixed an issue with Pet Rock achievement not unlocking in TSLRCM- Fixed a crash when adding more than five mods- Fixed two issues tied to Mouse Look- Fixed an issue with the controller menu appearing on top of dialog screens- Fixed an issue with Kreia not disappearing properly on Korriban- Fixed a shader issue causing NPC droid eyes to not be illuminated- Fixed an issue with alternate dialog not appearing after multiple play-throughs- Changed the behavior of the Light/Dark Side point achievements- Fixed a crash connected to the M4-78 mod- Fixed multiple issues with a spinning camera when certain third-party devices are connected- Fixed multiple issues connected to DPI Scaling- Fixed an issue with the screen being offset on high refresh-rate monitors- Fixed an issue with sounds continuously repeating after moving away from the sound source- Change to cloud-saves, automatically lower-casing files so they can be read on LinuxIf you continue to experience any of the above fixes (or any issues for that matter) and you are on a supported hardware set, please contact us at support.aspyr.com so we can dig in.Thank you all for your support for this great game we all love!
Welcome to Tanoa – home to lush tropical vegetation, unique landmarks, a rich history, and imposing man-made feats of modern engineering. Walk, swim, drive, fly, and sail your way across over 100 km² of the South Pacific archipelago.
Situated in the South Pacific, the island province of Tanoa is one of many that, together, compose the Horizon Islands – an independent island nation with historic ties to both East and West. Formerly an outpost belonging to the Empire of Japan, before its liberation by US Marines in 1944, evidence of a long history of conflict and turmoil can still be found dotted across the island – relics from times long-since passed.
Nowadays, Tanoa thrives off rich deposits of rare earth metals exported the world over, but controversy and civil unrest have long surrounded these efforts due to the perceived social, economic and environmental impacts of their exploitation. Tanoa is also believed to be a hub of illicit trafficking in the Pacific, but no formal charges have ever been raised.
In 2035, Tanoa continues to enjoy a prolonged period of apparent peace and prosperity, but the volatile geopolitical situation on the world's stage threatens to destabilize the region, and plunge it into darkness once more.
Close
European Space Agency (ESA) astronaut Andreas Mogensen has captured for the first time a clear recording of blue jets while aboard the International Space Station.
What Are Blue Jets?
Blue jets are lightning phenomena that shoot up into space rather than to the ground. Scientists still do not know a lot about them, what they're effects are to Earth's atmosphere, or what conditions make them possible.
The colored video of the blue jets and sprites were captured while ISS was cruising at around 17,896 miles per hour (28,800 km/hr) 250 miles over the Bay of Bengal. The fascinating electrical discharges were observed to be about 0.62-mile (1-km) wide and around 11 miles (18 km) in altitude. Mogensen also spotted a pulsating blue jet that reached about 25 miles (40 km). The altitude of the ISS provided a good vantage point to achieve such feat.
You can watch the video of the blue jets captured from the ISS below:
Didn't see it? We have created a GIF for you
Pilots have reported seeing them but these gigantic electrical discharges occurring in the upper atmosphere are very difficult to study. Capturing a good photograph or video of these events is very difficult. Recording them from the ground is next to impossible while satellites do not have the best viewing angle to snap a recording. The very first scientific report of a red sprite was only recorded in 1990.
“It is not every day that you get to capture a new weather phenomenon on film, so I am very pleased with the result - but even more so that researchers will be able to investigate these intriguing thunderstorms in more detail soon,” said Mogensen.
Thor Experiment
The Danish astronaut was tasked to spend 10 days on the ISS back in September 2015 to test a new thundercloud imaging system as part of the Thor Experiment, a project by the Technical University of Denmark named after the god of thunder in Nordic mythology.
For the curious, Mogensen used a Nikon D4 camera 6,400 ISO recorded the lightning phenomenon at 24 frames per second at 1,920 x 1,080 pixels.
The researchers have published the results of the study in Geophysical Research Letters where you can find details of the camera setup and observations of the experts.
Upon analysis, the Danish astronaut was able to record 245 blue flashes or about 90 per minute.
Below is a video of Mogensen explaining red sprites and blue jets phenomena:
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Vin Diesel received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday, Aug. 26, and the actor gave a revealing speech during his star ceremony.
The 46-year-old actor will next appear in "Riddick," the third film in the sci-fi series and the follow-up film to the 2004 movie "The Chronicles of Riddick." The movie is set to hit theaters on Sept. 6.
Diesel's "Fast and Furious" co-stars Jordana Brewster and Michelle Rodriguez appeared at the ceremony and Rodriguez gave a speech. The actress called Diesel "one of my best friends -- if not THE best friend" and said, "Diesel genuinely loves what he does for a living and that's a rare thing in this business."
Diesel talked to OTRC.com correspondent Jacob Burch after the ceremony and said, "This star, more than anything, has to represent for people all over the world that dreams can come true."
Check out three facts Diesel revealed during his star speech below.
1. His step-father, Irving H. Vincent, was an acting instructor and stage manager who used to drag Diesel and his twin brother to the AMAS Repertory Theater on Saturday mornings.
"I remember when I was 8 years old, I had already been acting for a year and my father was taking it a little bit more serious than I was," Diesel explained. "On Saturday mornings, he would wake us up at 8 o'clock to go up to 86th Street to do the Charleston at a place called the AMAS Repertory. And we didn't want to go. We wanted to keep our Saturdays for ourselves, but my father would wake us up and force my twin brother and I to get on the train and go up to a place called the AMAS Repertory."
2. When he was younger, he used to make money in New York City by breakdancing.
"For seven years after that, I had been struggling, trying to make a name in off, off, off-Broadway plays and I was so frustrated with the lack of ability to perform and to be artistic, that right before 'Flashdance' came out, I became a break dancer," Diesel said. "I would make money by taking the hat off my head and stretching my arm and walking around a crowd and saying, essentially, 'Did I perform well enough for you to give me a dollar?'"
3. His grandmother convinced his mother not to have an abortion when she was pregnant with Diesel and his twin brother.
"There are so many stories that go back to my grandmother, Carmen, who talked my mother out of having an abortion," Diesel told the crowd. "Thank you Grandma Carmen! I wish you could see this right now, Grandma Carmen. It was a good decision. It was a good decision."
The actor then talked about the 1967 Supreme Court case Loving vs. Virginia, which invalidated laws that prohibited interracial marriage. The Supreme Court ruled on the case in June 1967 and Diesel was born on July 18 that same year.
Reporting by Jacob Burch, correspondent for KABC Television's entertainment show "On The Red Carpet" (check for local TV listings).
The Commonwealth of Nations has released a new report that calls on its 53 member countries to speak out about the legality of bitcoin and other digital currencies.
Published on 3rd February, the report is the result of nearly a year of research conducted by the Commonwealth through its Working Group on Virtual Currencies. The group was commissioned following a roundtable event convened last February by the Commonwealth Secretariat, its main governmental body.
The report found that of the countries under its mandate, only Bangladesh had deemed that bitcoin and alternative digital currencies were unlawful, and that even after this declaration, such activity continues unabated.
With this in mind, it concluded that member countries make a “positive determination on the legality of virtual currencies” given its conclusion that the “prohibition of virtual currencies is unlikely to be effective.”
The report reads:
“Financial regulators and central banks should consider making public statements on the legality of virtual currencies and the applicability of any existing legislative frameworks. Education and funding should be provided for training for law enforcement.”
Overall, the report provides a comprehensive overview of developments in the bitcoin and blockchain ecosystem, with sections ranging in coverage from its more positive use cases in payments and remittances to the use of the technology in cybercrime.
Concurrent with member country concerns about crime, researchers even attempted to access a “dark web crawler” for purposes of the report. However, due to delays in the acquisition of this resource, any findings were too early to be included.
The Commonwealth of Nations includes 53 states in Africa, Asia the Caribbean, Europe and the Pacific, including such notable markets as Australia, Canada, India and South Africa.
Regulatory recommendations
On the subject of criminal offenses, the report recommended that member states move to ensure their laws apply to the technology while collaborating more broadly with other regulators around the globe.
The report advised that regulations be applied as necessary to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing, pointing out that, to date, this has meant overseeing ATM and exchange-related services.
However, the paper acknowledged lawmakers would need to take an “innovative” approach to any rulemaking, given that crimes can still be committed by digital currency users who are not converting funds into government-backed currencies.
The paper went on to encourage member states to make public statements on how the use of digital currencies falls under tax laws when they are used as a medium of exchange; update legislation related to the proceeds of crime; and extend consumer protection frameworks to cover the industry.
Regulation was notably not recommended for distributed ledger use cases of the technology, as the report read:
“Any regulatory and legislative frameworks should focus on interactions with fiat currencies and avoid attempting to regulate the underlying decentralised ledger technology.”
Evidence of use
More unique to the report was its attempt to quantify how widely used the technology is in Commonwealth member countries.
Using public sources, researchers ultimately found evidence that the basic Bitcoin Core wallet had been downloaded in 46 member states, though use varied sharply.
While the report acknowledged it suffered from a lack of available data, it did suggest that bitcoin use is correlated with Internet access, with the “countries with the highest levels of Internet penetration” having the highest wallet downloads.
For more details, read the full report.
Commonwealth flag image via Shutterstock
? Gov. Sam Brownback said Wednesday that he would accept a flat-tax proposal pending in the Kansas Senate that also includes a repeal of one of his signature tax cuts from 2012, the complete exemption of taxes on certain kinds of nonwage income.
“The Senate's flat tax legislation creates a single low tax rate for Kansans, solving today's budget challenges without unnecessarily harming economic growth in Kansas,” Brownback said in a news release issued around 2:30 p.m. Wednesday. “If the legislature sends a bill to my desk similar in nature to (Senate Bill) 214, I will sign it.”
The Senate plans to debate the flat tax bill Thursday morning, but it remains uncertain whether supporters of the bill can muster the 21 votes needed to pass it.
That statement came during a day of fluid negotiations over tax policy and questions about whether lawmakers would even continue working through the week if no deal was reached.
It was also the first time Brownback has ever signaled that he would be willing to surrender the business tax exemption, which many call the “LLC loophole,” that has exempted more than 330,000 farmers and business owners from paying any state income tax on their business income.
Currently Kansas has two income brackets. Individuals pay 2.7 percent tax on the first $15,000 of income and 4.6 percent for all income above that. For couples filing jointly, the higher rate begins on income above $30,000 a year.
The flat-tax bill would tax all taxable income at the 4.6 percent rate, but it would also raise the standard deduction and several other kinds of deductions to match the federal income tax form. That means individuals earning less than $6,300 a year, or couples earning less than $12,500, would pay no state income taxes.
Kansas tax filers also could deduct 100 percent of the property taxes they pay instead of the 50 percent allowed now. They could also claim the same deduction for medical expenses allowed under current law, a deduction that Kansas lawmakers repealed for state income taxes in 2015.
It would also lower the state sales tax rate on food purchases by one percentage point, to 5.5 percent.
Sen. Caryn Tyson, R-Parker, who chairs the Senate tax committee, said passage of the bill would generate $295 million in additional revenue for the upcoming fiscal year that begins July 1 and $356 million in the following fiscal year.
That's far less than the projected shortfall of nearly $800 million the state faces over the next two years, a shortfall that does not include any additional money the state may need for a new school finance formula.
Senate President Susan Wagle, R-Wichita, said lawmakers may also look at raising tobacco and alcohol taxes to generate additional money.
“I don't think the Senate wants a retroactive income tax at this point in time, and we are short of money in 2018, so there is discussion about consumption taxes,” she told reporters after the caucus meeting.
While Senate Republicans were meeting in their caucus, a House committee working on a new school funding plan settled on a bill that would add $150 million in K-12 school funding for the upcoming school year.
Current discussions in the Senate have focused on raising cigarette taxes by $1 per pack and raising the “alcohol enforcement tax” — a kind of sales tax collected by restaurants, bars and liquor stores — to 10 percent instead of the current 8 percent.
Senate Majority Leader Jim Denning, R-Overland Park, said that would generate an estimated $85 million a year in additional revenue.
Earlier in the day, Senate GOP leaders startled the caucus by telling them that Brownback might issue his own tax proposal and that if he did, House and Senate leaders would immediately assign that bill to a conference committee. That sparked intense push-back from rank-and-file senators who said such a move would cut them out from having any input into the final bill.
Biology Forums It's been several years since the rumors and sightings of insect sized micro drones started popping up around the world.
Vanessa Alarcon was a college student when she attended a 2007 anti-war protest in Washington, D.C. and heard someone shout, "Oh my God, look at those."
"I look up and I'm like, 'What the hell is that?'" she told The Washington Post. "They looked like dragonflies or little helicopters. But I mean, those are not insects," she continued.
A lawyer there at the time confirmed they looked like dragonflies, but that they "definitely weren't insects".
And he's probably right.
In 2006 Flight International reported that the CIA had been developing micro UAVs as far back as the 1970s and had a mock-up in its Langley headquarters since 2003.
While we can go on listing roachbots, swarming nano drones, and synchronized MIT robots— private trader and former software engineer Alan Lovejoy points out that the future of nano drones could become even more unsettling.
Lovejoy found this CGI mock up of a mosquito drone equipped with the 'ability' to take DNA samples or possible inject objects beneath the skin.
According to Lovejoy:
Such a device could be controlled from a great distance and is equipped with a camera, microphone. It could land on you and then use its needle to take a DNA sample with the pain of a mosquito bite. Or it could inject a micro RFID tracking device under your skin.
It could land on you and stay, so that you take it with you into your home. Or it could fly into a building through a window. There are well-funded research projects working on such devices with such capabilities.
He offers some good links though his Google+ page and Ms. Smith at Network World offers up even more.
Nearly half a million Americans are infected by a deadly stomach bug every year, according to a recent report.
A study funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) found that an estimated 453,000 cases of Clostridium difficile, or C. diff, infection in the United States in 2011, which resulted in 29,000 deaths. That's almost double prior infection estimates.
C. diff bacteria release toxins that drugs can't fight; those infected usually contract it from hospitals or health care related settings, though sickness typically occurs after one leaves the hospital. A new, more severe strain of the bacteria was discovered in 2000. Ordinary antibiotics and hand sanitizers are considered no match for the bug, which causes severe diarrhea, inflammation and sepsis.
The CDC says that soap and water are essential to stopping its spread, NBC News reports. The Department of Health and Human Services will begin punishing hospitals that fail to reduce rates of C. diff in their facilities by 2017.
Read next: Measles Outbreak in U.S. Tops 150 Cases
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Listen to the most important stories of the day.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
What's cooler than breaking the “Thriller” dance world record? Breaking the record, or Carleton College's record, for having the most people spooning at one time.
Over 600 people joined together Friday afternoon to create one giant spoon train that snaked through the Sunken Garden after being called upon by members of the College community. Film crews were there to document the spectacle, music echoed throughout the gardens and spectators lined the outskirts of the train with camera phones at the ready.
The event's slogan, “Everyone's got a little spoon in them,” drove the campaign to popularity and served as the inspiration for much of the excitement and participation.
The event, planned weeks ago, had both a Facebook event and a website to advertise AND recruit participants. Although there were skeptics, many more than the required 530 people showed up ready to participate. Upon arrival, participants registered, received numbered cards, and then picked the next spot to lie down on the grass with groups of friends and sometimes even with strangers.
The official Guinness guidelines state that the spooning must occur with proper form, with the arm of one participant underneath the head of the participant in front. Each participant must hold said spoon position for the entire five minute time period or they will be discounted.
Once the nerve-wracking five minutes were officially over, Kaveh Sadeghian '12 ran all the way around the train, high-fiving the participants before they moved to stand up. After the high-fives, each participant handed in his or her card for documentation and to be counted; once success was recognized, cheering could be heard all around campus.
The College will receive official worldwide recognition by the Guinness World Records Corporations for setting the record.
One of the predicted consequences of the rise in global temperatures is a rise in ocean levels, one that may cause our infrastructure a some additional strain. Higher temperatures cause water to expand, and have caused the retreat of mountain glaciers and loss of volume in some of the major ice caps. A small but accelerating rise in ocean levels has been detected using tide records, but many questions about the variables that contribute to that rise remain unanswered.
A study that will be released online by Science attempts to fill one of these gaps by looking at how much water humanity has locked up in reservoirs over the last century. The authors of the study, both from Taiwan's National Central University, started with information from the World Register of Dams, maintained by the International Commission on Large Dams, and corrected and augmented their data using additional sources. They were able to track the year of completion and nominal capacity of nearly 30,000 dams. A statistical analysis of the data suggested that the total of small, unregistered reservoirs would alter their figure by less than one percent.
Their data showed a surge in construction following 1950, which peaked around 1980, and has rapidly tailed off; total retained water lagged this, as reservoirs take time to fill, but should be leveling off now. To compensate for water seeping into the surrounding soil and rock (estimates suggest this seepage may roughly equal the reservoir capacity), the authors created a dynamic, time-dependent formula. This additional factor means that the total water retention from the earlier building boom has yet to peak. A multiplier of 0.85 was used to compensate for the fact that reservoirs are not always at capacity.
With all of that accounted for, the final estimate is that roughly 10,800 cubic kilometers of water have been kept out of the oceans by reservoirs. That would account for roughly 30mm, or just over an inch, of additional sea level rises. At current rates of sea level rise, that accounts for roughly a decade's accumulation. The authors argue that this suggests we are underestimating the contributions of the changes in water volume and glacial melting.
Because the author's water retention model is dynamic with time, they were able to overlay the annual amount of water held in reservoirs on top of the measured change in sea level. Doing so essentially eliminates the acceleration in the rates of water rise that appears in the historical records. If dams weren't in the equation, the study suggests, the oceans would have been rising at a constant rate since the 1930s, just after the modern rise in temperatures started.
I expect this won't be the final word on the topic; the authors' model requires a few assumptions that may not hold up to criticism. They recognize that water displacement by silt is a dynamic process that isn't accounted for here. Nearly 10 percent of the total figure could also be accounted for the loss of volume in the landlocked Aral Sea, although it's not clear how much of that wound up diverted to reservoirs. Regardless, the paper is a good attempt at nailing down one of the open questions about how the planet is responding to climate change, and any criticisms should get us closer to a more accurate picture of what we can expect in the future.
Science, 2008. DOI: 10.1126/science.1154580
Diablo Canyon, California's last operating nuclear power plant, will close by 2025. Everyone agrees on that.
But how to replace the plant's 2.3 gigawatts of energy without adding carbon emissions -- and how to keep its workers and surrounding communities supported through its eventual retirement -- are much more contentious issues.
On Tuesday, the California Public Utilities Commission heard a final set of oral arguments over the proposed decision that will guide Diablo Canyon's nearly decade-long glide path to closure, and lay the groundwork for PG&E to procure the energy, capacity and reliability resources to take its place.
The initial plan, announced last summer, was a joint settlement agreement between the utility and multiple parties with a stake in its outcome, and included a first-of-a-kind commitment to replace the plant's capacity with zero-carbon emissions resources. That included a big increase in energy efficiency spending upfront to achieve roughly 2,000 gigawatt-hours of savings through 2024, as well as future procurements of carbon-neutral energy resources at larger scales.
But earlier this month, a CPUC administrative law judge issued a proposed decision (PDF) that made some troubling changes to this framework, said Ralph Cavanagh, energy program co-director for the Natural Resources Defense Council, one of the key parties to the settlement. Tuesday offered NRDC and other groups opposed to the proposal a final chance to air their grievances before the commission makes its final decision.
“I've been doing this for 40 years, and this is among the worst proposed decisions I've ever seen -- not just because of the outcome, but because of the systematic disregard of the evidence,” Cavanagh said in a Wednesday interview.
NRDC isn't alone in its criticism. PG&E said it “strongly disagrees” with the changes made to the joint settlement's employee, community and energy replacement programs; the San Luis Obispo Chamber of Commerce wrote that the proposal would send the region into an "economic tailspin."
These groups all have three major complaints with the proposal, Cavanagh said. First, it fails to include any formal commitments to replacing Diablo Canyon with zero-carbon energy resources. That's an odd exclusion, given that no one opposed that commitment. "So it's an uncontested recommendation, and I'm cautiously hopeful that the commission will take it up," said Cavanagh.
The proposed decision also fails to include any guidance on funding PG&E's big initial energy-efficiency push, which is set to start in June 2018, he said. PG&E has volunteered to raise its annual efficiency targets by more than 50 percent to meet a goal of reducing consumption by about 2,000 gigawatt-hours per year by 2024. That's just a fraction of Diablo Canyon's 18,000 gigawatt-hours per year, “but it's a down payment, if you will -- an energy surge, to start no later than June.”
The lack of any specific guarantees on zero-carbon alternatives in either the short or long term raises the fear that Diablo Canyon's closure could lead to the same problems the state faced back in 2013, when the San Onofre nuclear plant was forced to close without a long-range plan in place, he said.
While the CPUC did instruct Southern California Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric to seek out a large portion of the replacement from zero-carbon resources, including hundreds of megawatts of distributed energy, it also allowed both utilities to add hundreds more megawatts of natural-gas-fired power plants, angering clean energy advocates that had pushed for more zero-carbon alternatives.
Finally, the proposed decision slashes the amount of money that PG&E would be able to raise from ratepayers to support workers and surrounding communities by more than 60 percent, down to $168 million from the $445 million proposed by PG&E, NRDC and union and community groups, he said. That includes a denial of PG&E's request for $85 million in Community Impacts Mitigation Program funds for San Luis Obispo County and local cities and school districts.
“Having ratepayers take the place of taxpayers in paying for government services is not reasonable, and should not be approved,” California Public Utilities Commission Judge Peter V. Allen wrote in his proposed decision.
But Cavanagh noted that the figure of $168 million “disregards the extensive expert testimony” from PG&E and the unions involved in the settlement, and relies instead on a group called Californians for Clean Nuclear Power, which had lobbied for keeping the plants open, with “no demonstrated expertise whatsoever on worker retention.”
Failing to honor the commitments for workforce retraining and community economic support “would be conducting a gigantic experiment with plant safety and reliability by seeing how workers would react by having a settlement they've approved of repudiated.”
The CPUC has a record of making substantial changes to proposed decisions from staff attorneys before putting them to a vote, Cavanagh noted. While there's no firm deadline for a final decision, “obviously from our perspective, sooner is much better than later. The proposed decision has cast a pall over the workforce and the communities.”
cupofrocks asked: I feel like your openness to criticism of bad behavior is very contingent on if you like the person or now. Bernie's joke was tasteless and if Hillary made it you'd be all about people finding it distasteful, and I say that as a British person with 0 investment in either party.
wilwheaton:
This happens quite a lot. Someone presumes that they've teleported into my brain, and just knows that “if Hillary did X then you would do Y, Wil Wheaton.”
That's just ridiculous. As it turns out, I'm principled, and if something bothers me, it bothers me regardless of who said it. Like Sanders really fucking up on the gun issue last night, and handing Clinton and her super PAC exactly what they need to make him sound like he's in bed with the NRA (because it's literally the only thing in the world she can credibly claim to be to the Left of him on). That bothers me. A joke that didn't land doesn't bother me, and suggesting that I'd be “all about” anything if someone else had made it is not how this works. It's not how any of this works.
In this specific case, on this specific issue, I'm exhausted by the constant need to be outraged, and I don't give a fuck about who made the joke in the first place.
The fact is, what happens in the GOP debates is fucking crazy, and just because I or anyone else struggles with mental health issues doesn't change that fact. It is crazy to spend all sorts of time, in a presidential election, talking about someone's dick. It is crazy, in a presidential election, to have hours and hours of childish bullshit thrown around that wouldn't be out of place on an elementary school playground.
Look, I have depression and anxiety and I take meds and I go to therapy and I have good days and I have bad days and sometimes I feel crazy and sometimes I wonder if I'll ever not feel crazy. And I still know that what is happening in the GOP primary is fucking crazy.
Don't get all worked up because a politician made an offhand joke that didn't land; get worked up because our government doesn't take mental health treatment as seriously as it should. Get worked up and get angry and get outraged that our veterans are coming home with PTSD and can't get adequate health care, but hedge fund managers get billions in bailouts that we all paid for.
For fuck's sake, people, pick your battles. Nobody is saying that anyone's mental health issues aren't real or aren't important. And it turns out that an offhand remark that was clearly intended as a joke about how fucking crazy Trump and Cruz and the rest of them are just isn't about you.
Politique | Economie | Sports | Culture
POLITIQUE
Le Cep formulera de nouveaux amendements à la loi électorale
La conseillère électorale, Yolette Mengual, indique qu'une commission spéciale planche actuellement sur le document et devra formuler des propositions au conseil. Les propositions validées seront acheminées au Parlement par le biais de cette commission chargée de poursuivre le dialogue avec les législateurs.
En début de semaine les membres de la commission spéciale du CEP s'étaient entretenus avec un groupe de sénateurs autour des 29 amendements à la loi électorale de 2013. Les sénateurs envisagent d'insérer de nouveaux amendements dont une prorogation du mandat des députés et des sénateurs afin d'éviter la caducité du Parlement en janvier 2015.
Dans le même temps Mme Mengual a jugé qu'il est impossible de réaliser les élections législatives et municipales le 26 octobre 2014.
Toutefois officiellement l'organisme électoral continue d'évaluer le processus afin de modifier le calendrier Le nouveau CEP, présidé par Max Mathurin avait suspendu le processus de recrutement des responsables des bureaux électoraux départementaux et communaux arguant de graves irrégularités dans le concours.
Par ailleurs Mme Mengual révèle que des réunions de travail avec les dirigeants des partis politiques sont prévues autour des nouveaux amendements de la loi électorale.
LLM / radio Métropole Haïti La conseillère électorale, Yolette Mengual, indique qu'une commission spéciale planche actuellement sur le document et devra formuler des propositions au conseil. Les propositions validées seront acheminées au Parlement par le biais de cette commission chargée de poursuivre le dialogue avec les législateurs.En début de semaine les membres de la commission spéciale du CEP s'étaient entretenus avec un groupe de sénateurs autour des 29 amendements à la loi électorale de 2013. Les sénateurs envisagent d'insérer de nouveaux amendements dont une prorogation du mandat des députés et des sénateurs afin d'éviter la caducité du Parlement en janvier 2015.Dans le même temps Mme Mengual a jugé qu'il est impossible de réaliser les élections législatives et municipales le 26 octobre 2014.Toutefois officiellement l'organisme électoral continue d'évaluer le processus afin de modifier le calendrier Le nouveau CEP, présidé par Max Mathurin avait suspendu le processus de recrutement des responsables des bureaux électoraux départementaux et communaux arguant de graves irrégularités dans le concours.Par ailleurs Mme Mengual révèle que des réunions de travail avec les dirigeants des partis politiques sont prévues autour des nouveaux amendements de la loi électorale.LLM / radio Métropole Haïti
Lewis Hamilton has dismissed claims his aggressive driving style causes his tyres to deflate so often.
Joan Villadelprat, a F1 veteran who is bidding to bring his Spanish-based Le Mans team Epsilon Euskadi onto the grid next year, said after the Briton's crash in Barcelona that Hamilton "needs to calm down."
The tire deflation was one of several in Hamilton's career so far, but McLaren has clarified that it was caused by a loose wheel nut leading to a failed rim.
"It makes me laugh to be honest," Hamilton told the Daily Telegraph. "Everyone always talks about my aggressive style. Before they even knew what the issue was last week, they said 'he needs to calm down, he needs to look after his tyres, he needs to do this, he needs to do that,' which is absolute rubbish.
"In actual fact, the way I look after my tyres, you know, I have grown a lot over the past couple of years. In the last race the tyres were sweet, really sweet."
Asked if he was more sensitive about the issue since the arrival of Jenson Button, whose style is very different, Hamilton said: "I'm not really sensitive about it because [other people's opinions] doesn't really have any impact on me as such. I know how to use my tyres."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Even in the states most enthusiastic about capital punishment – Texas, Missouri and Georgia – executions and death sentences are dramatically down
The painfully slow death of the death penalty in the United States continued to play itself out in 2015, reducing the ultimate punishment to levels not seen for the past 40 years, according to two new reports.
According to the annual report of the Death Penalty Information Center, capital punishment showed a sharp decline nationwide on all of the main indicators. The most jaw-dropping fall was in the number of new death sentences – a measure of the enthusiasm of the American people, as expressed through juries, for judicial killings – which reached a low not seen since the 1970s.
This year, 14 states and the federal government issued just 49 new death sentences. That's a dramatic decline from the peak of 315 new sentences recorded in 1996 at the height of the moral panic around murder rates in big cities and the crack cocaine epidemic.
Given the protracted nature of death penalty litigation, many of those death row inmates condemned in the 1990s are only now coming close to being executed. But here, too, the statistics show a steep dropping-off.
This year, 28 executions have been performed, down from a 1999 peak of 98. Most tellingly, only six states were responsible for all those deaths, and within that rump an even smaller rump of just three states – Texas, Missouri and Georgia – performed the lion's share.
Texas continues to be the nation's capital for executions. It has carried out 13 this year – almost half the total for the country – followed by Missouri which continues its newfound passion for killing people with six executions, followed by Georgia with five.
Yet a closer look at Texas's year shows that even at the core of the death penalty, the practice is withering. The annual report of the Texas Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty records a steady decline.
At its peak in 1999, Texas condemned 48 people to death. This year that number had fallen to three.
The picture is even more dramatic if you zoom in to Harris County, which covers the city of Houston. In modern times it has been the epicenter of America's judicial bloodlust, handing out a staggering 294 death sentences and executing more people than any other county in the nation.
Yet this year the number of new death sentences coming out of Harris County was precisely zero. As further evidence of the sea-change in Houston, a recent survey by the Kinder Institute for Urban Research at Rice University found that only 28% of the city's residents preferred the death penalty over life without parole for first-degree murder.
A similar pattern can be found in the two other states that are still killing prisoners in large numbers – Missouri and Georgia. Though between them they were responsible for more than a third of the total number of executions in the country this year, neither of them imposed any new death sentences.
“The use of the death penalty is becoming increasingly rare and increasingly isolated in the US,” said Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center. “These are not just annual blips in statistics, but reflect a broad change in attitudes.”
The reasons for the withering on the vine of the death penalty is a subject of much academic and political debate. Factors include the growing cost of putting a prisoner to death, which have been estimated at up to $3m for a single case up to execution; the ongoing fiasco surrounding the struggle of death penalty states to acquire lethal injection drugs; studies that have found racial bias in sentencing; and international opprobrium.
Another major factor behind the erosion of confidence in the death penalty are concerns about the accuracy of capital sentences and the risk that innocent people are killed on the gurney. That danger was neatly illustrated again this year with the exoneration of six death row prisoners of all charges – one prisoner each in Alabama, Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi and Texas. That brings to 156 the total number of inmates who have been exonerated and freed from death row since 1973.
As the practice fades at the state level, the billion-dollar question is whether the US supreme court will step into the fray and move to prohibit capital punishment on constitutional grounds. The last time the nation's highest court did so was in 1972 in the Furman v Georgia ruling that put a stop to the death penalty on grounds that it was too erratically applied.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The US supreme court justices Stephen Breyer, right, and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, left, expressed their constitutional objection to the death penalty in a recent dissenting opinion. Photograph: Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
That moratorium proved to be only temporary, however, and executions restarted in 1977 with the death by firing squad of Gary Gilmore in Utah.
In recent times the supreme court has shown an unwillingness to be drawn back into the debate around capital punishment. In June, the nine justices rejected a challenge to Oklahoma's new lethal injection protocol, voting according to the familiar 5-4 conservative-to-liberal split.
Two of the liberal justices – Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg – openly expressed their constitutional opposition to the practice in a dissenting opinion. Legal observers are watching closely to see whether their action will develop into a new push for a moratorium, or whether the supreme court will sit back and allow the US to remain one of the few countries in the world that kills its citizens, alongside Iran, North Korea, Saudi Arabia and Somalia.
First Lady Michelle Obama made a thinly veiled reference Monday to Donald Trump's candidacy during her commanding Democratic National Convention address, imploring voters to reject the notion that America wasn't already great.
“I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves,” Obama said. “And I watch my daughters, two beautiful, intelligent black young women playing with their dogs on the White House lawn.”
Obama didn't mention Trump by name in her speech, but made it clear that she thought someone “steady and measured and well-informed” needed to occupy the White House.
She said that children watch “every word we utter, every action we take” as First Lady and President. In a rather direct reference to Trump leading the birther movement, Obama said she has taught her children, Malia and Sasha, to ignore the people who question their father's faith and citizenship.
The First Lady also said she taught them to ignore the “hateful” language they hear on TV from politicians that she said doesn't represent the country. Obama said she thought Hillary Clinton was the only choice for President to ensure the success of future generations.
“And because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters and all our sons and daughters now take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States,” she said later in her speech, with emotion in her voice.
“Don't let anyone ever tell you that this country is not great,” she continued. “That somehow we need to make it great again. Because this right now is the greatest country on Earth.”
Watch her full speech:
Human activities negatively affect the marine ecosystems and oceans by polluting and overexploiting its resources, which all impact on the marine food web and could lead to largely unknown consequences for the biodiversity and survival of marine life forms. According to WWF, “For centuries people have regarded them as an inexhaustible supply of food, a useful transport route, and a convenient dumping ground—simply too vast to be affected by anything we do.” We simply present major pressures and threats to the marine environment and its ecosystem services: Unsustainable Fishing and Aquaculture: The overfishing might represent the largest threat to ocean life and habitats, resulting in inefficient food supply, and loss of biodiversity. Apart from the major declining in fish stocks, aquaculture activities are related to polluting farm discharges, and increased parasite loads. Tourism, Shipping Sector, Energy Sector, and Economic Development: Intense human activities put pressure to marine life, habitat, and environment. Garbage, fertilizers, industrial chemicals, and other human made products pollute the marine ecosystem. Humans also extract from the seafloor oil, gas and minerals. The drilling poses major threat to sensitive marine habitats and species. In addition, heavy traffic, CO2 emissions, oil spills, and ship groundings are a few examples of negative effects that endanger marine habitats around the world. Climate Change and Inadequate Protection: EU has introduced the Natura 2000, which is an EU-wide network of nature areas being currently under protection. Natura 2000 is comprised of Special Areas of Conservation (SAC) designated by Member States under the Habitat Directive and also incorporates Special Protection Areas (SPAs) designated under the Birds Directive. However, the rising sea levels and temperature of marine water due to climate change put extra pressure on the marine habitats. Ocean temperatures have warmed about 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit in the past century. The change in temperature, along with other changes like increased acidity, can make it harder for species to survive. Marine biodiversity is at risk because of inadequate plans for the protection of vulnerable marine areas. Accordingly, marine resilience related to the marine ecosystem's ability to respond to natural and man-made disasters has been negatively affected.
In a speech on Saturday, Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary said his country was done with liberal democracy. Mr. Orban cited Russia, Turkey and China as “successful” examples of the kind of “illiberal new state based on national foundations” that he wants Hungary to be.
He boasted that European Union membership was no bar to building such a state. Long an admirer of Vladimir Putin, Mr. Orban has been thumbing his nose at the European Union since his Fidesz Party won election in 2010. Since then, Mr. Orban's government has taken steps to undermine the rule of law, gut press freedom, attack civil society groups and increase executive power. When Hungary's Constitutional Court in 2012 struck down some of the laws that Mr. Orban's government introduced, the government simply brought them back as constitutional amendments.
A new law imposing up to 40 percent tax on advertising revenue is aimed squarely at crippling the Hungarian unit of the RTL Group, one of the few channels in Hungary that does not parrot the government line. In June, Hungary's Government Control Office put more pressure on civil society groups, seeking financing data from them. The government has also criminalized homelessness and stripped some 300 religious groups of their official status.
The European Union has condemned these actions, and the Venice Commission, an advisory body on rights to the Council of Europe, published a scathing report on Hungary's constitutional amendments last year. On Monday, Neelie Kroes, the vice president of the European Commission who is responsible for the digital agenda, harshly criticized the advertising tax, calling it a threat to a free press that is the foundation of a democratic society. Viviane Reding, the European Commissioner for Justice, has said that the European Union should consider suspending Hungary's voting rights in the European Council, a measure the union has been reluctant to take.
ED#121 : Western Digital Ships 2.5 TB & 3 TB Hard Disk Drives!
Western Digital launched the industry's first 2 TB hard disk drive back in January of 2009, the 2 TB WD Caviar Green. This was followed up by the Hitachi 7K2000 in August 2009 - the first 2 TB hard disk drive with a spindle speed of 7,200 RPM. Unfortunately, there has been no further progress since then.
It was not for a lack of trying though. Every hard disk drive manufacturer in the world has to deal with the problem of the 2.1 TB capacity limit, which was brought about by the LBA addressing limit in 32-bit operating systems. This problem can be solved by switching to 48-bits Long LBA, but this will only work with newer 64-bit operating systems. There was also the issue of updating the GUID Partition Table (GPT) to support Master Boot Record partitions that are larger than 2.1 TB.
The good news is that they are close to a solution. Western Digital laid the groundwork by shipping the first Advanced Format hard disk drives which feature a much larger 4 KB physical sector. The larger sector does not only make more efficient use of available platter space (improving storage capacity by 7-11%), it will also help circumvent the LBA addressing limit. For more information on Advanced Format and its effect on performance, please take a look at The Western Digital Advanced Format Performance Comparison Guide.
Therefore, it was no surprise when Seagate announced that they would ship their 3 TB hard disk drive by the end of this year. Western Digital has yet to announce anything - they have a policy of not announcing products until the actual launch date. However, we have just confirmed that Western Digital will be launching their 3 TB hard disk drives in mid-October. The exact date has not been determined but it will happen in the next 2-3 weeks.
Our source says all three main models (Caviar Black, Caviar Blue and Caviar Green) will be upgraded to 3 TB. In addition, Western Digital will also upgrade their external drives to 3 TB. Eventually, Western Digital will offer 3 TB versions of media players like the newly-launched WD Elements Play and the future WD TV Live Hub.
The new Western Digital 3 TB hard disk drives will be available for sale at launch, or very soon thereafter. For certain, they will be available in quantity this Christmas season. Western Digital's timing is impeccable. Unless Seagate beats them to the punch, Western Digital is set to be the first to launch and ship 3 TB hard disk drives.
We will update this article with more details, as and when we receive them. So check back often!
Update @ 20/10/2010 : We have a couple of updates for you :
Western Digital will ship 2.5 TB hard disk drives, as well as the 3 TB hard disk drives we told you about earlier.
The first drives to be released will be the Western Digital Caviar Green 2.5 TB (WD25EZRSDTL) and the Western Digital Caviar Green 3 TB (WD30EZRSDTL). They have a launch price of US$ 190 and US$ 240 respectively.
Both 2.5 TB and 3 TB Caviar Green drives will have a 64 MB cache and use four 750 GB platters. The only difference is the 2.5 TB drive will have 7 read/write heads while the 3 TB drive will have 8 read/write heads.
Although Western Digital is extremely secretive about the actual spindle speed of their Caviar Green hard disk drives, these two models are said to spin at around 6,000 RPM.
Every Western Digital 2.5 TB and 3 TB hard disk drive will ship with a AHCI-compliant PCI Express-based SATA controller card.
When used with the proper driver, the PCI Express SATA controller card will allow you to make use of the 2.5 TB and 3 TB hard disk drives as secondary drives.
You will only be able to use them as boot drives with 64-bit versions of Windows Vista and Windows 7 if your motherboard supports UEFI. They will also boot on Mac OS 10.5 Leopard (or better) and Linux.
The 2.5 TB and 3 TB hard disk drives will need to be formatted using GPT (GUID Partition Table), so only operating systems that support GPT (e.g. Windows Vista, Windows 7) will be able to support the new hard disk drives. Windows XP only supports MBR, so it won't be able to support the new drives.
Like all current Caviar Green hard disk drives, these two new models will come with a 3-year warranty.
These 2.5 TB and 3 TB drives start shipping TODAY!
Other Scoops :
If you have a scoop you want to share with us, just contact us! It doesn't have to be Western Digital-related. It can be anything in the tech industry, from mobile phones to P2P software. Just drop us a line!
Support Tech ARP!
If you like our work, you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors, participate in the Tech ARP Forums, or even donate to our fund. Any help you can render is greatly appreciated!
Questions & Comments
If you have a question or comment on this editorial, please feel free to post them here!
Sources report there was a meeting of NHL minds in Seattle on Monday.
KING 5's Chris Daniels says sources tell him former NHL player Jeremy Roenick was in Seattle with an investment group to discuss working with investor Chris Hansen in efforts to bring an NHL franchise to the area.
In an exclusive interview with Daniels, Hansen says investors are being patient and still working to bring the NBA and potentially an NHL team to the city.
“We're as resolute as ever. I think Seattle is a great market. Our job is to finish the environmental process and get the arena shovel ready, and we're very close to that. There are not many hurdles left,” Hansen tells Daniels.
The Memorandum of Understanding Hansen's investment group has with Seattle and King County would have to be recrafted to activate public financing for an arena build in an NHL-first scenario.
- The community of Levittown, Long Island, is getting into the holiday spirit with plenty of Christmas decorations, inspiring a friendly rivalry between two houses. One home is elaborately decorated. The neighbor's one-word response: "Ditto."
Every year, the Engels adorn their house with lights, lights and more lights announcing loud and clear that Christmas is here.
And for years their neighbors the Paganellis took notice. They said their displays never came close to Engels' display. So this year, they just went with "Ditto" and an arrow pointing at the Engels' home. And the neighborhood certainly took notice.
Beyond the laughs, the neighbors are bringing the holiday spirit to those in need, shutting down this block for an annual holiday fundraiser. If you want to join this wonderful community for the fundraiser, you're invited to 7 Coachman Lane in Levittown on December 10.
The Senate on Wednesday approved a wide-ranging energy bill that would give the government more power to protect the electric grid from cyberattacks.
The energy bill — which passed by an 85-12 vote — had long-standing, broad support but was delayed for more than two months amid partisan bickering over the inclusion of emergency funds to help Flint, Mich., battle the lead contamination in its water supply.
ADVERTISEMENT
The thick bill includes an extensive section dedicated to better securing the nation's electric grid, which officials and experts say remains dangerously exposed to foreign cyber spies and hackers.
The cyber passages would give the Department of Energy (DOE) greater power to intervene during a cyber crisis, authorize funds through 2025 to establish cyber-testing programs and conduct cyber research and better delineate the DOE's overall role in defending the grid from digital intrusions.
The section would be a significant addition over the last energy bill that passed Congress in 2007. That legislation contained only passing references to cybersecurity.
Primarily, the 2016 bill would allow the president to determine when “immediate action” is needed to protect the power grid from hackers and direct the DOE to step in. The Energy secretary would then have the authority to tell electric companies what to do.
More broadly, the legislation better delineates the DOE's cyber responsibilities as part of Congress's efforts in recent years to decide which federal agencies are best suited to handle various digital security concerns.
The measure emphasizes that DOE is the primary cybersecurity agency for the energy sector, serving as the “day-to-day federal interface” for companies that control the power grid.
To execute this mission, the bill would authorize $100 million each year through 2025 to conduct research and develop digital defense testing programs. The bulk of the money, $65 million a year, would go toward a program that would identify whether energy sector products are vulnerable to known cyber threats.
Protecting the U.S. power grid has rapidly become a top priority for officials, as hackers increasingly set their sights on poorly defended electric grids around the world.
Hackers already target the domestic energy sector more than any other critical infrastructure industry, according to the most recent government report. There are more reported cyber incidents in the energy industry than in healthcare, finance, transportation, water and communications combined.
Suspected Russian hackers last December even caused a power outage in Ukraine that affected 225,000 people, putting energy companies everywhere on edge. The incident is believed to be the first time hackers have caused a widespread blackout.
The Senate and House will now work to combine their two versions of the energy bill. The lower chamber passed its companion legislation in December.
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) will oppose the Republican Tax Cuts and Jobs Act unless it includes an expansion of the child tax credit.
According to the Washington Post, a Senate GOP source revealed that Rubio will oppose the Republican Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Sens. Mike Lee (R-UT) and Rubio proposed an expansion of the child tax credit. Lee has yet to say whether he will oppose the tax bill in its current form.
If Rubio opposes the tax legislation, Republicans can only afford to lose one more vote in the Senate and have Vice President Mike Pence pass the bill through Congress's upper chamber. Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN) revealed that he would oppose the Republican tax bill because of its supposed effects on the federal deficit.
House and Senate Republicans announced this week that they have struck a deal on the final details of the tax legislation. Republicans hope to unveil the final form of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act this week and have the bill pass through both chambers of Congress next week.
The deal sets the top individual tax rate at 37 percent, down from the current rate of 39.6 percent and lower than the Senate bill's proposed rate. The compromise legislation would set the corporate rate at 21 percent, higher than the House's proposed 20 percent.
Conservatives and business leaders ideally hoped to lower the corporate rate to 20 percent.
Rubio reacted to the news that the final tax bill will decrease the top individual rate.
Rubio asked, “If you make $40,000, we can't find the money to increase the child tax credit, but if you make a million a year we can?”
President Donald Trump said that passing the tax reform bill would ensure a “Merry Christmas” for the country.
Trump declared that passing tax reform can “be the beginning of the next great chapter for the American worker.”
Introduction
A liberal, labor union-backed nonprofit that's not supposed to be primarily political spent $23.7 million last year in the run-up to national elections — 46 times what it spent in 2011, a non-election year, according to its new Internal Revenue Service tax return.
And although it describes itself as a grassroots group, a single $6 million donation from an unnamed source made up one-fourth of Patriot Majority USA's $23 million in 2012 revenue. More than half of its haul, $12 million, came from anonymous donors that gave more than $1 million each, its tax return indicates.
Patriot Majority USA states on its website that it advocates for “comprehensive campaign finance reform that increases transparency and limits the influence of greedy special interests who … buy elections.”
Unlike super PACs and traditional political campaign committees, nonprofits such as Patriot Majority USA aren't required to disclose their donors because they supposedly exist to primarily promote the public good and social welfare. But nebulous Internal Revenue Service rules have led these “dark money” groups to proliferate and spend millions of dollars on politics. The agency proposed tightening the rules last week.
For its part, Patriot Majority USA reported spending $9.3 million on politics — almost 40 percent of its expenses. It reported the political spending was for “expenditures and grants for issue advocacy to educate voters on candidates' views.” More than half of its $1.4 million in grants went to groups considered politically active such as American Working Families Action Fund and No on 3 Inc. in Florida, a group that opposed a constitutional amendment changing the way state revenue caps are set.
Patriot Majority USA also fields a super PAC — Patriot Majority PAC — that spent just a small fraction of what its nonprofit sister group did during 2012, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Patriot Majority USA's overall expenses are nearly three times that of an arguably better-known liberal nonprofit group Priorities USA, which has ties to President Barack Obama.
And although the group doesn't disclose its donors, the Huffington Post reported labor unions contributed $2.3 million to Patriot Majority USA last year, based on calculations from Department of Labor filings. The Alliance for Quality Nursing Home Care, a trade association, also gave the group $750,000, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Patriot Majority USA was formed in 2008 and technically spun off into a separate entity in 2011. When it applied to do that, it told the IRS it didn't plan to hire employees and would instead rely on a “large base of volunteers” to developing and disseminating the organization's message.
This hasn't proven true. The organization reported no volunteers last year and paid its founder and president, Craig Varoga, $144,053 last year for 25 hours of work per week, according to its 2012 tax return. Other expenses reported include $11.6 million on a “media buy,” $2.5 million for direct mail production and $1.5 million on voter registration efforts.
Varoga, who was national field director for Gen. Wesley Clark's 2004 presidential campaign, did not respond to questions from the Center for Public Integrity.
Varoga instead emailed a statement that his group “has been recognized by the IRS and has a very well defined, multi-year, bipartisan primary purpose, which is to work on economic solutions and encourage job creation throughout the United States.”
He wrote that it spent most of its energy last year on a national advocacy campaign including a bus tour and ads promoting voters' rights and fighting policies promoted by billionaires David and Charles Koch and other conservative interests.
Conservative interests easily outspent liberal groups last year. Three of the largest liberal “dark money” nonprofits reported spending a combined $73 million on their latest tax returns, less than half of the $189 million spent by Karl Rove-created nonprofit Crossroads GPS alone.
Patriot Majority USA is already a major player in 2014 federal elections. This summer, it kicked in more than $544,000 for ads against Republicans running for U.S. Senate seats in Arkansas and Kentucky, according to Federal Election Commission records.
Michael Beckel contributed to this report.
Kimbo Slice Dead at 42
Kimbo Slice Dead at 42
Breaking News
Kimbo Slice has died ... TMZ Sports has confirmed. He was 42.
We broke the story, Slice was hospitalized early Monday near his home in Coral Springs, FL. He passed away a short time later.
The CEO of Bellator MMA confirmed the news ... saying, "We are all shocked and saddened by the devastating untimely loss of Kimbo Slice, a beloved member of the Bellator family."
"One of the most popular MMA fighters ever, Kimbo was a charismatic, larger-than-life personality that transcended the sport."
"Outside of the cage he was a friendly, gentle giant and a devoted family man. His loss leaves us all with extremely heavy hearts, and our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Ferguson family and all of Kimbo's friends, fans and teammates."
Details surrounding Kimbo's death are unclear. We're working on it.
Kimbo -- real name Kevin Ferguson -- last fought at Bellator 149 back in February and defeated Dada 5000 -- but the victory was overturned when Slice tested positive for a banned steroid.
Back in 2003, Slice became an Internet sensation for his backyard fighting videos -- destroying several opponents in unsanctioned street fights. He later signed a deal to fight in the UFC.
Slice competed on "The Ultimate Fighter" in 2009 ... and while his MMA career never really blossomed, he was undefeated as a boxer, with a 7-0 record.
Slice also did some acting -- appearing in 2012's "The Scorpion King 3: Battle for Redemption."
Cheers! The Blades have agreed a partnership with one of the UK's best-known brands.
A three year pouring rights partnership at Bramall Lane with beer and cider business, HEINEKEN, will see Fosters, John Smiths and Strongbow available on draft and Bulmers and Heinken in bottles across the concourses at Bramall Lane. Other brands from the HEINEKEN portfolio, including Amstel and Birra Moretti will be available in hospitality areas.
United's Head of Commercial Paul Reeves said: "Heineken has a long track record of supporting football on a global scale and is currently the official beer of the UEFA Champions League, alongside being the official partner of a number of Premier League Teams and EFL Championship Teams.
"At the Club, we continue to look at ways in which we can improve the matchday experience for our fans before, during and after the game and this collaboration with a drinks brand who strive for the same levels of excellence allows us to ensure supporters in our concourse and hospitality areas are able to enjoy quality products.
"This announcement represents another high-profile partnership for Sheffield United with a truly global, best-in-class brand," added Paul
Duncan Barlow, Regional Sales Director for HEINEKEN, said: "We have been a supporter of professional football for many years. This, together with our shared commitment to provide excellent match day experiences means HEINEKEN is a natural partner for Sheffield United".
HEINEKEN will be supporting the improvement of several the bars around the Stadium and will also create branded areas and adult fan activities to support the match day experience.
General Manager for Levy Restaurants UK Greg Smith, who will oversee the match day catering operations at Bramall Lane, said: "Taking into account feedback from our supporters, we are delighted to be able to offer our fans the opportunity to enjoy draught beer from the Heineken fast-pour equipment which means that drinks can be served at twice the speed of standard dispense equipment.
Greg continued, "The Heineken fast-pour tap system will enable a perfect pint to be served between eight and nine seconds, allowing fans to enjoy super chilled beer and cider with the aim of reduced queuing time on the concourses."
The new facilities will be fully installed for the first game of the season when the Blades will take on Brentford.
🔊 Listen to Article
By Heather Callaghan, Editor
Unique study reveals documented mechanism of just a few walnuts to decrease hunger signals
A recent two- or three-part, double-blind study demonstrated that less than half a cup walnuts (0.44 cup or 48 grams to be exact) per day made a significant difference in hunger levels on obese, post-menopausal women. But the study didn't stop there…
First…from Science Daily:
The scientists recruited 10 volunteers with obesity to live in BIDMC's Clinical Research Center (CRC) for two five-day sessions. The controlled environment of the CRC allowed the researchers to keep tabs on the volunteers' exact nutritional intake, rather than depend on volunteers' often unreliable food records — a drawback to many observational nutrition studies. During one five-day session, volunteers consumed daily smoothies containing 48 grams of walnuts…
[…]During their other stay in the CRC, they received a walnut-free but nutritionally comparable placebo smoothie, flavored to taste exactly the same as the walnut-containing smoothie. The order of the two sessions was random, meaning some participants would consume the walnuts first and others would consume the placebo first. Neither the volunteers nor the researchers knew during which session they consumed the nutty smoothie. As in previous observational studies, participants reported feeling less hungry during the week they consumed walnut-containing smoothies than during the week they were given the placebo smoothies.
The fMRI scans are what make this study truly unique… Although this was a small study on just a few women, the brain scans can tell no lies…
While in the machine, study participants were shown images of desirable foods like hamburgers and desserts, neutral objects like flowers and rocks, and less desirable foods like vegetables. When participants were shown pictures of highly desirable foods, fMRI imaging revealed increased activity in a part of the brain called the right insula after participants had consumed the five-day walnut-rich diet compared to when they had not.
“This is a powerful measure,” said Dr. Christos Mantzoros. “We know there's no ambiguity in terms of study results. When participants eat walnuts, this part of their brain lights up, and we know that's connected with what they are telling us about feeling less hungry or more full.”
They think the insula might be involved in cognitive control and salience. Weirdly, they think the region lighting up means that participants were selecting the “less desirable” or healthier options over the more visibly appealing or “junky” foods. Could walnuts help or reset a taste for healthier foods? Only time will tell…
Walnuts are a brain food that have fats that are ideal for a woman's reproductive system. They contain omega-3 fats like Alpha-lipoic Acid, for instance, that our bodies can potentially convert to DHA and EPA fats.
Some people are sensitive to fats and may wish to limit their consumption to 1-2 ounces of nuts like walnuts. Some people start eating them and cannot stop! But if walnuts can play a role in controlling the factors of obesity like appetite control, than a dietary solution to a dietary problem is an ideal one to consider.
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. “In a nutshell: Walnuts activate brain region involved in appetite control: First-of-its-kind study reveals mechanism of walnuts' documented ability to decrease hunger.” ScienceDaily. www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2017/08/170816181259.htm (accessed August 17, 2017).
Natural Blaze / Source
Heather Callaghan is an independent researcher, writer, speaker and food freedom activist. She is the Editor and co-founder of NaturalBlaze as well as a certified Self-Referencing IITM Practitioner.
Get a nifty FREE eBook – Like at Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
As martial arts go, Aikido isn't bad for numbers of women and girls. But still, I often think, we could do better. Usually in a given night in the dojo there's twenty people training, and three or four of us are women.
Something happened that was interesting the other night though. The gender ratio was reversed, way more women than men. What was different?
We were playing outside on the grass. Our dojo is located in a community centre and it's under repair. The room we use is closed for maintenance. Instead of cancelling classes we've moved outside, practising in the park next door.
What difference does that make?
I think we're more playful, less formal. There's fewer people in uniform, fewer people wearing belts. Certainly we looked more approachable, less intimidating.
We're also pretty visible, practising in the park on the corner of a busy road. People out walking their dogs stop to watch and ask questions.
We don't do any throws or rolls. (Grass stains, stray dog poo.) Instead we've been doing more weapons work and more practical self defence. Last week, we practised what to do if someone attacks you in the park, in the park. Last night we worked on responses to hair pulling and grabbing.
I'm not sure if there's a connection between our excellent gender ratio (last night, 8 women, 4 men) and playing outdoors. Maybe it was just a coincidence. But it was a lot of fun. One of the reasons I don't train as much on the summer is that I really like being outside. Maybe next month we can take it to the beach. Aikido in the waves!
Pneumatics and Pneumatic Circuits
Rated 5.00 / 5 based on 2 reviews
The book covers the fundamentals of Pneumatics and Electro Pneumatics and their applications. Large number of illustrations and circuit diagrams are included in the book for ease of learning.A person, learning from this book can understand/appreciate the principles of Pneumatic Ciruits used by Pneumatic machine manufacturers. More
The book covers the fundamental principles of Pneumatics for Engineering students and others interested in learning the application and construction of Pneumatic circuits.The author had industrial experiance in the manufacture of Pneumatic control boards, before he started teaching Pneumatics and Electro Pneumatics at Caledonian College of Engineering, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman.
The book has extensive illustrations and circuit drawings and is written in a style so that even Non Engineering learners can understand the subject.
the book also covers Electro Pneumatics and its applications as the title does not convey, inclusion of this topic.
When the new car finally appeared in the spotlight, it took a few seconds for those in the audience to realise that this GT car was the new Lamborghini. And although it doesn't look it, the Asterion actually has quite a degree in common with the Aventador and Huracán.
Described by Lamborghini as a “technology demonstrator”, the Asterion combines the Huracán's 5.2-litre V10 with a new seven-speed dual-clutch automatic gearbox, a lithium-ion battery pack (in the space normally occupied by the Huracán's forward-driving propshaft) and two electric motors on the front axle.
The main Aventador connection is the lower part of the carbonfibre monocoque, which the Asterion shares with the range-topping model. The front and rear subframes are most likely based on those of the Huracán.
Work on the concept “started a couple of years ago”, according to Maurizio Reggiani, Lamborghini's head of research and development. “We began with an installation [of the prototype] hybrid drivetrain in a standard Aventador, so we wouldn't gain any attention,” he says. “The idea was that we could have [internal] discussions on what type of hybrid would be suitable for Lamborghini. We needed to conduct an investigation of the behaviour of a plug-in system and the mix of the battery electric engine and [internal combustion] engine. We needed to test and exercise it. You can't judge such a thing in a better way.”
Having settled on the exact recipe for the plug-in transmission, Reggiani says the idea for the actual concept car could be “refined”. He says: “We wanted under 100g/km and an autonomy [battery-only] range of 50km. In the future, we are sure in many cities when you drive downtown, you will need to travel fully electrically.”
Reggiani describes the somewhat unexpected Asterion package – which is mid-engined but looks rather like a classic, long-nosed, front-engined GT car – as a “plug-in with good handling. It offers more comfort in the interior and the exterior are less edgy”.
Although the lower part of the Asterion's carbonfibre monocoque is shared with the Aventador, the upper part is new, allowing the car to have more upright windscreen pillars. This and the modified rocker moulding are intended to make it easier to get in and out of the cabin compared with Lamborghini's more hardcore models.
Even so, the final transmission recipe is in the very hottest road category. Running solo, the V10 engine produces 602bhp and 413lb ft of torque.
The dual-clutch automatic gearbox also has an electric motor integrated into it. This can drive the rear wheels but seems to have a more important role in energy recuperation, helping to recharge the lithium-ion battery pack when the car is in motion. The extra hybrid technology adds 250kg to the transmission's overall weight.
Along with the twin motors on the front axle, the total output from electrical sources is a significant 296bhp. That makes a theoretical 898bhp combined.
Lamborghini has never confirmed what the total output might be, although it would probably have to be limited to a degree to prevent the tyres' grip from being overwhelmed. Indeed, at full tilt, the Asterion is claimed to be capable of hitting 62mph in just three seconds before running on to 199mph.
Reggiani says using electric motors on the front axle allows a maximum speed of 78mph. If the primary motor was in the transmission, it would have a much tougher job driving the gearbox, which, in turn, would have to drive the rear wheels.
From where Benson Henderson is sitting, he really was only going along with the new trend.
Henderson (18-2 MMA, 6-0 UFC), the UFC's lightweight champion, recently made a few waves when it was reported that he put in a request for a superfight with welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre (23-2 MMA, 17-2 UFC). It was news only for a short time when UFC President Dana White basically shot it down before it could take flight.
Henderson has a title defense coming up in April against Gilbert Melendez (21-2 MMA, 11-1 SF, 0-0 UFC) in the main event of UFC on FOX 7 in San Jose, Calif. St-Pierre defends his title next week in the main event of UFC 158 in Montreal.
As far as the recent spate of so-called superfights go, Chael Sonnen is getting a title shot against Jon Jones in his first fight back at light heavyweight after a middleweight title loss to Anderson Silva. Frankie Edgar lost back-to-back lightweight title fights to Henderson, then dropped to featherweight and got a title shot against Jose Aldo. Despite being told he was the new next in line for a lightweight title shot against Henderson, Anthony Pettis is dropping down to featherweight to face Aldo. And if Aldo wins that one, he has been told he gets to move up to lightweight to go after the belt there.
All that, and we haven't even brought up the ones everyone has been asking for for a while – St-Pierre vs. Silva and Silva vs. Jones.
Confused yet? So too, apparently, was Henderson, who thought maybe that's just the way the game is played these days.
“Everyone's going out calling fights: ‘Oh, I want to fight this guy, I want to fight that guy,'” Henderson on Monday told MMAjunkie.com Radio (www.mmajunkie.com/radio). “I didn't know – if that's how the UFC works, if that's the type of organization it is where you can just willy-nilly go around calling out who you want to fight next, then sure. If that's how the UFC as a business operates, you call out who you want next, and that's your next guy, I understand that. I'll do that – I'll call out who I want next.
“But if that's not how it's supposed to work, if that's just a fluke, just one or two rare cases of it happening in the UFC and you're not supposed to call out who you want next, then whatever. Cool – I won't call out who I want next and I'll face whoever they put in front of me, like always.”
Henderson said his coach and management team was part of the decision to ask about the viability of a shot at St-Pierre for after the fight with Melendez, and that when it comes to doing such things, he believes it's most prudent for the smaller fighter to ask for a shot at the bigger fighter – not the other way around.
Of course, it shouldn't be forgotten that Pettis at 155 asked for the shot at Aldo at 145 – and that Pettis and Henderson have just a little bit of history behind them. Henderson lost his WEC lightweight title to Pettis at WEC 53, the promotion's final event. And if Henderson beats Melendez next month, Pettis would've been his next opponent in a rematch.
“If I'm going to call someone out, I don't want to call someone out who's smaller than me,” Henderson said. “I want to call out someone who's bigger than me. So let's do the next weight class up.”
It's moot, for now, of course. Henderson said he hasn't wavered his focus on what's next, which is Melendez, though. Melendez is making his UFC debut after a long run in Strikeforce, and Henderson knows what it's like to be the new kid on the bigger block coming over from the little brother promotion.
He did the same thing moving from the WEC to the UFC in 2011.
“People don't realize how tough Gil is,” he said. “Gil has been a top two, three on the planet at 155 for a long time. He's a tough fighter, he comes from a great team and he's going to have a great game plan. I know how tough he is. He has big wins over some of the top-name 155-pounders who have been up there for a long time. I think as soon as people start realizing how tough he is and how good he really is, then they'll come around.”
Henderson is giving Melendez the home-cage advantage fighting near his Bay Area training base in San Jose, but said he relishes the chance to fight in hostile territory. He did it in his UFC debut at UFC 129 in front of 55,000 Canadian fans who wanted to see Mark Bocek beat him.
But Melendez also gets the advantage of having cornered teammate Nate Diaz in his five-round title fight loss to Henderson in December. More advantage for Melendez? Maybe. But Henderson said it's on him and his team to be ready for that.
“If you get a chance to watch your opponent up close and personal, coaching against him, of course you're going to be able to take some things away,” Henderson said. “He and his team are smart – they're going to take away a lot of good stuff from that fight. They have 25 minutes of up close, personal information to take away from it. So it's my team's job to make sure we bring more stuff to the table.”
And maybe after that, with a win, he can resurrect some GSP talk. If, of course, that's how the game is played.
For more on UFC on FOX 7, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
MMAjunkie.com Radio broadcasts Monday-Friday at noon ET (9 a.m. PT) live from Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino's Race & Sports Book. The show is hosted by “Gorgeous” George Garcia, MMAjunkie.com lead staff reporter John Morgan and producer Brian “Goze” Garcia. For more information or to download past episodes, go to www.mmajunkie.com/radio.
SALT LAKE CITY — Richard Norby's injuries are far worse than previously reported, and the effects will be lasting, but he and his family remain optimistic and plan to pay forward the kindnesses they've received.
Norby reached a significant milestone Monday night in his recovery from third-degree burns and severe shrapnel wounds. He sustained the injuries in the March 22 Brussels airport terrorist bombing, as he and his wife served as missionaries for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
After getting out of another surgery, he ate a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, some ice cream and a banana and drank some chocolate milk. The 66-year-old Lehi, Utah, man's appetite surprised his family and doctors at the University of Utah Burn Center.
"It doesn't get much better than that," Pam Norby said at a news conference Tuesday, as she, her son and a doctor described her husband's injuries in new detail and talked about his care and condition exactly four weeks after two suicide bombers killed 17 people at the Brussels airport and wounded her husband and three other Mormon missionaries.
"These are milestones we celebrate," she said. "We were all excited he was eating so well. We celebrate all those little landmarks that are huge for us."
Norby's injuries were severe.
The bombs caused second- and third-degree burns over 35 percent of his body, including his face, arms, trunk and legs, said Dr. Stephen Morris, medical director of the University of Utah Burn Center.
Third-degree burns, which sear the full thickness of skin, are the worst.
"He has required wound care for that and surgery, skin grafting," Morris said. "Most of those are resolved, but he also has some very significant shrapnel injuries, injuries to his lower extremities. He has trauma to soft tissue, muscle, skin as well as to his bones.
"At this point in time, that is taking longer to resolve."
The shrapnel wounds prompted Monday night's surgery, during which doctors removed damaged tissue in their ongoing effort to ward off infection.
"There will be lasting effects," Morris said, "and we don't know how extensive those will be and how significant those will be."
Norby will remain hospitalized for a number of weeks, with additional surgeries expected, Morris said. He is being treated by burn specialists, orthopedic surgeons and infectious disease specialists.
Morris said Norby is looking forward to walking for the first time since the attack, and the doctor described him as very optimistic.
Norby spent 26 days in a Belgian hospital, then was flown Saturday to Utah after doctors removed him from a ventilator and feeding tube. The Norbys were released Sunday from their service as LDS senior missionaries.
"It's been an interesting journey, this whole experience," Pam Norby said, "and it was something that was totally unexpected, as you can imagine. But we hope to make the best of it, and we feel that we are. My husband is optimistic, he's following the instructions of Dr. Morris, trying to eat.
"We're going to continue to push forward. Richard is going to do his part in being positive, in eating and sleeping well and doing his physical therapy."
The Norbys thanked the doctors and nurses both in Belgium and at the U. as well as their family, friends and all who have wished them well and prayer on their behalf.
Jason Norby said his father clearly remembers the bombing.
"That's something he's working through right now," he said.
"It's a process," Pam Norby added.
Norby left his wife at 7:15 a.m. on March 22 to drive three missionaries to the airport. He met Elder Mason Wells and Elder Joseph Dresden Empey at a train station, where they had picked up Sister Fanny Clain, who was catching a 10 a.m. flight to her mission assignment in the United States.
The first bomb detonated at 7:58 a.m, as the four stood together in a check-in line in the airport's departure hall. At 8:17, Norby called his wife.
She talked Tuesday about trying to stay calm as her husband told her there had been an explosion and his leg was broken.
She never lost faith her husband would survive, she said. "I felt it would be OK, that whatever the OK was, 'at least you're alive, and that's enough.'"
Still, for a few hours after he called, she didn't know where emergency personnel had taken him.
"It was a hard wait," she said, "a very difficult wait, because when anyone you love is hurting, you want to be there. ... That was a hard wait."
The Norbys said their faith has been an anchor that helped them through the past month.
"We are grateful for the faith we have, the belief we have, the trust we have in our Heavenly Father and his Son Jesus Christ and that he is a God of miracles," Pam Norby said.
Both Norbys said the family feels compelled to return the love and kindnesses others have extended to them.
"This experience has been very overwhelming in a very positive sense," Jason Norby said. "There's a strong family need to pay it forward, to repay that. Even comments posted on Facebook, and emails that are sent — they help us, they help him adapt to our new normal."
Pam Norby said she looks forward to getting her husband home and getting on with life, spending time with families and doing for others.
"We've learned a lot from this experience," she said. "People have been so good, and we have learned from them and how they went about serving us. We want to take that and extend it to others."
Reports provided updates Tuesday about two of the other three injured missionaries.
Doctors have released Sister Fanny Clain, 20, of Réunion Island, from an Antwerp hospital, and she is resting in the Paris area with her aunt. She is expected to resume her mission at the Provo, Utah, Missionary Training Center as soon as early May.
Doctors performed skin grafts Monday on the right hand and left ankle of Mason Wells, 19, of Sandy, Utah. His family released a new photo of him smiling in his bed at University Hospital.
Empey was released from the hospital and returned to his Santa Clara, Utah, home on April 6.
Jamie Ford's best-selling debut novel Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is being developed into a film. Producer Diane Quon announced today that she has acquired the film rights with Joseph Craig of StemEnt as producer and actor/author/activist George Takei as executive producer.
“The book tells an intimate love story that is, at once, poignant and sweeping with historic magnitude told against the backdrop of the internment of Japanese Americans during WWII,” said Takei in a statement. “I was captivated by Jamie Ford's novel when I first read it and visualized a compelling film in my mind's eye. I saw the drama of enduring love despite governmental racism, the passage of time and the vicissitude of life. What a wonderful film it would make. Now we are beginning the exciting adventure of making it happen.”
The story follows Henry Lee, a Chinese American boy in Seattle who falls in love with Keiko, a Japanese American girl, as she is sent to an Internment camp during WWII. With themes of racism, commitment, and hope, the story is set in 1942 and later in 1986, when the belongings of Japanese families are discovered in the basement of an old hotel. A widower now, Henry must reconcile the past and the present, the things he did or didn't do, the things he said, and the things he left unspoken.
The romantic drama is slated to start production in 2018 with Ford co-writing the screenplay. “The number one question I get from fans from all around the world is — will there be a film?,” says Ford, whose debut novel was released by Random House in 2009. “I'm delighted to say yes because for years I said no to filmmakers who wanted to change too many things about the story (like the ethnicity of my main character). With this team, I'm confident that fans will get a satisfying film that remains true to the spirit or the book.”
Ford's apprehension about adapting the book comes with reason considering the recent headlines about the whitewashing of Asian and Asian American roles and the backlash coming from Ed Skrein being cast in Hellboy as an Asian American character (he later stepped down from the role after the outcry.) That said, the announcement of the adaptation of the film couldn't come at a better time considering the underrepresentation of Asian and Asian American-led narratives in film. Most recently, Justin Chon's L.A. riot indie Gook has been front and center for Hollywood's Asian American community, making an impression on the specialty box office.
Even so, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is added to a very short stack of Asian films being developed which include Jon M. Chu's upcoming adaptation of Kevin Kwan's book Crazy Rich Asians.
The deal was brokered by Kristin Nelson of Nelson Literary Agency, Kassie Evashevski of United Talent Agency, and attorney Wayne Alexander on behalf of Ford and attorney Joe Voss of Leavens, Strand & Glover represented the producers.
Had Leonard Cohen's fans understood that he was a culture warrior, it's unlikely that he would have achieved the pinnacle of popularity as a pop star, for they would have been greatly offended. Leonard Cohen was politically incorrect, but his followers lacked the cultural context that gave depth and meaning to his work.
Early on he foresaw the inevitable outcome of the movement set off by the orgiastic, self-indulgent '60s, when giving birth first becomes a “choice” rather than a blessing.
The age of lust is giving birth, and both the parents ask
The nurse to tell them fairy tales on both sides of the glass.
And now the infant with his cord is hauled in like a kite,
And one eye filled with blueprints, one eye filled with night.
That was the beginning. The parents needed fairy tales to strengthen their resolve to abort their babies. It's not human yet. It can't feel pain. Their children were not to have such nice compunctions. They'd become soulless, materialistic creatures, denying any transcendent basis for morality. Look at them: they are rioting and looting in cities all over America today. See their hate-filled faces as they destroy cars and shops and beat up on the helpless and the homeless.
The children of darkness don't need to be lulled with fairy in order to kill their children. It's my body and I can do with it what I want! Just stick a scalpel in its head and get rid of it, doctor! Cohen had seen the future.
Destroy another fetus now
We don't like children anyhow
I've seen the future, baby:
It is murder
Like the prophets of old, Cohen's warnings didn't meet with much success. In the beginning, Cohen did his work subversively.
Field Commander Cohen, he was our most important spy.
Wounded in the line of duty,
Parachuting acid into diplomatic cocktail parties,
Urging Fidel Castro to abandon fields and castles.
There is a hole in our culture, Cohen told us in many of his songs, and it's growing larger as we continue to lose touch with our traditions. The children of darkness will embrace any religion not their own. Their own religion, their own culture, the values of their ancestors — these they've been taught to hate.
Many of Cohen's songs are actually prayers, addressed to a woman on one level, but to God on another in the manner of The Song of Songs.
For what's left of our religion
I lift my voice and pray.
Prayer and subversion weren't enough, though. Most of his fans didn't have a clue about the meaning of his lyrics. So Cohen, the guerrilla warrior, decided to out himself in “First We Take Manhattan.”
They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom
For trying to change the system from within.
I'm coming now, I'm coming to reward them
First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.
Cohen often portrayed the war against Western culture in terms that evoked the Holocaust. In “The Master Song,” the Master is identified with the Nazis.
He was just a numberless man in a chair
Who'd just come back from the war.
Just! The banality of evil. The identification is so smooth and low-keyed, you could miss it.
The culture created by the children of darkness was seductive, but the remnants of our civilization were being lined up to board the trains that would take them to the extermination camps. And Cohen was one of them.
I'd really like to live beside you, baby
I love your body and your spirit and your clothes
But you see that line there moving through the station?
I told you, I told you, told you, I was one of those.
With amazing prescience, Cohen warns about the consequences of this Holocaust.
There'll be the breaking of the ancient
western code
Your private life will suddenly explode
There'll be phantoms
There'll be fires on the road
and the white man dancing
In the end, Cohen's prophecy has fallen on deaf ears. Our culture is no more, but its ghost has a message for us: a new conclusion we'd not dreamed of.
I see the Ghost of Culture
With numbers on his wrist
Salute some new conclusion
Which all of us have missed
The “new conclusion” is hinted at in “Nevermind,” which describes the end of a civilizational war. The Nazis had wanted to exterminate the Jews, but thought to create a museum that would retain a record of their lives. A museum filled with civilizational artifacts. The victors might view it as we view ancient Mayan or Egyptian artifacts. I saw an exhibit of these things years ago in Montreal. It was chilling beyond words.
In “Nevermind,” the victory is “complete.” Artifacts of the vanquished civilization are collected, history is rewritten by the victor.
The story's told
With facts and lies
You own the world
So nevermind
Hand drums give the song a Middle Eastern flavor. In the background, a woman is heard eerily chanting something in Arabic. Sometimes it sounds like “salam ‘ala salam.” Discussion boards have offered various translations, including “peace upon peace.” This refrain doesn't appear in the original poem, and Cohen seems to have added it at a later time. Many versions of the song delete this refrain altogether — it's too disturbing to contemplate.
But the poem as printed in Cohen's Book of Longing, published in 2006, contains this last stanza which he omitted from the song:
No man can see
The vast design
Or who will be
The last of his kind.
While I can't say what was in Leonard Cohen's mind when he recorded “Nevermind” in 2014, there is a civilizational war going on now between Islam and the West. Victory will go to the side that is fighting for something it fervently believes in, something worth of dying for.
“Steer Your Way” was released only a couple of weeks ago. In this song, Cohen beats up on himself because he was “never equal to the task” he'd set for himself. We're losing the war year by year, month by month, day by day, thought by thought.
They whisper still, the ancient stones
The blunted mountains weep
As he died to make men holy
Let us die to make things cheap
And say the Mea Culpa which you've probably forgot
Year by year
Month by month
Day by day
Thought by thought
Turn on your televisions. Watch the children of darkness as they indulge in frenzies of looting, shrieking, and destruction. The presidential candidate who promised them free things lost the election. And that's a tragedy. It must not be allowed to stand.
The children of the night have no values or morals or traditions they think worth saving. Except maybe the absolute right to murder their children. Wanting only free things, they are useful idiots who, in the end, will lose their freedom.
Former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern is to give up his €83,000 ministerial pension.
His decision follows growing controversy over pensions paid to serving politicians.
Mr Ahern contacted the Department of Finance this afternoon to ask them to 'gift' his pension back to the State.
Mr Ahern's pension is currently the largest payment to a former office holder still in Leinster House.
This evening, former Ceann Comhairle and Health Minister Rory O'Hanlon announced he will also surrender his pension.
Fianna Fáil TD Frank Fahey announced this afternoon that he is to 'voluntarily forgo' his ministerial pension until he retires from Dáil Éireann, while Cork East TD Ned O'Keeffe has this evening said he too will be giving up his ministerial pension.
That leaves seven Fianna Fáil politicians who have not said they will give up the pension: three TDs - Jim McDaid, Michael Woods and Noel Treacy; two MEPs - Pat the Cope Gallagher and Liam Aylward; and two Senators: Ivor Callely and Terry Leyden.
Earlier, Fine Gael and Labour promised that all their serving politicians would surrender their ministerial pensions.
Labour's Ruairi Quinn, Brian O'Shea and Emmet Stagg, as well as Fine Gael's Bernard Allen, said they would give up their ministerial pensions.
Their move follows the decision last night by European Commissioner Máire Geoghegan-Quinn to forgo her Dáil and ministerial pensions.
Ms Geoghegan-Quinn is seeking to have the necessary arrangements put in place to allow her to 'gift' the pensions to the State for the duration of her service as an EU Commissioner.
There have been a number of calls in recent days on Ms Geoghegan-Quinn to surrender the Oireachtas and ministerial pensions, which are worth over €100,000. Her salary as a Commissioner is just under €250,000.
Changes to legislation
Fine Gael today published legislation to remove ministerial pensions from all sitting Oireachtas members.
Party leader Enda Kenny said that if the Government votes down the Bill next week, all Fine Gael's ministerial pension holders will surrender them or contribute them to charity.
The legislation, an amendment to the existing legislation, would remove the pensions from sitting Oireachtas members with immediate effect.
Earlier, the Labour Party said it would draw up legislation to ban the payment of ministerial pensions to serving politicians.
Labour leader Eamon Gilmore said their legal advice was that there was no constitutional impediment to such legislation.
Labour TD Michael D Higgins, who had been donating his ministerial pension to charity, wrote to the Department of Finance last week asking for it to be stopped.
The Taoiseach, meanwhile, has insisted that Opposition proposals to end the payment of ministerial pensions to serving politicians would be unconstitutional.
Brian Cowen told the Dáil that property rights are protected in the Constitution and that the Government's position was based on the advice of the Attorney General.
He reiterated that there had been a 25% reduction in pensions paid to serving politicians, and that if people wanted to make a larger contribution that was up to them.
Details
Labour TD Ruairi Quinn, a former Minister for Finance, said he had made his decision because of the poor state of the public finances and because economic conditions in the country had not improved since the original pension reductions were made. Last year, Mr Quinn received a ministerial pension of €41,656.04.
Bernard Allen was Minister of State for Sport during the Rainbow Coalition.
The Cork North Central TD told RTÉ that by giving up his pension, which was worth €50 a week after tax, he might put pressure on some of the 'high rollers' receiving large pensions.
Last year, his pension, before tax, was worth €5,485.49.
Labour TD Emmet Stagg was appointed Minister of State at the Department of Transport, Energy and Communications in 1995 and received a pension last year of €7,716.
Waterford Labour TD Brian O'Shea, a former junior minister, received €7,716.47 last year.
Fianna Fáil's Frank Fahey received a pension last year of €37,205.
Just a couple days after I got back from the Global Atheist Convention in Australia, I had to give a speech at Eastern Illinois University. My plane was delayed, and my driver was pulled over for speeding from Champagne to Charleston. So I arrived more than a half hour late to a crowded lecture room. There was no time to set up my own recording equipment. I didn't even plug my laptop in. I ran off the battery and it shut off just a minute or so after into the QnA, which is included in this video.
httpv://youtu.be/uDal8b6-X5o
A week later, at the Freethought Festival in Madison Wisconsin, Matt Dillahunty said on-stage, “I love me some student groups, but you guys and your time tables…”, complaining that it took so long to get recorded data from them. I can now attest to that too -as I just received the raw video yesterday from a talk that happened two months ago. No worries. It's all good. There is also an edited glitch in the video where I think a small outburst was deleted. The talk was sponsored by the Secular Student Alliance, but the college gave extra-credit to any student who attended. So I found myself addressing a largely Christian crowd. This was also my most anti-Christian speech. It seems that several of the kids in attendance were -to their credit- normally very tolerant Christians, who may not have known what they were in for. There was a moment of mild protest from the normally quiet audience at one point.
I should also apologize that I had to be lame and simply read the speech out. That is not my usual practice, but I wrote it on two of the 13 planes I was on that month, and had no time for better preparation. Thankfully that didn't seem to bother anyone in the live audience.
One person was killed and at least 10 people were injured in what is reported to be a suicide-bomb attack at Ansbach in Germany. According to Bavarian authorities, a Syrian man who had been denied asylum blew himself up after being turned away from a music festival in southern Germany. He detonated an explosive device in his backpack, the contents of which would have been sufficient to kill and injure many more people.
While the exact motives of the attack and exact details are yet to emerge clearly, Mainstream media outlets had begun the spin that bordered on ridiculousness.
Reuters reported the story as: “Bomb-carrying Syrian dies outside German music festival; 12 wounded”
- Advertisement - - Article resumes -
BBC too used a similar tone for one of its reports:
Immediately social media users began rebuking the two media houses, and other media channels which used the same report as their source:
This is the Equivalent of writing “Young woman participated in gang rape.” pic.twitter.com/Gyl55CNrkP — Tommy Robinson (@TRobinsonNewEra) July 25, 2016
So the man was just carrying the bomb around, like all normal people do, and it accidentally went off? https://t.co/E9xFr4QBhh — Gappistan Radio (@GappistanRadio) July 25, 2016
I prefer “Syrian suicide bomber fails to kill visitors to German music festival” God, I loathe the BBC pic.twitter.com/tdXEq3VgAA — Old Holborn ✘ (@Holbornlolz) July 25, 2016
Share This Post and Support:
An educator from a small college in Maryland has been chosen to be the next president of Buffalo State College.
Katherine Conway-Turner, Ph.D, the provost and vice president of academic affairs at Hood College in Frederick, Maryland, will be recommended by SUNY Chancellor Nancy Zimpher to the SUNY Board of Trustees for the job.
If approved, she would take over the post vacated by Aaron Podelefsky, who resigned last July amid health concerns and died of prostate cancer the following month. Howard Cohen has been serving as interim president since last June.
“Dr. Conway-Turner is an experienced leader with New York roots, having served as provost of SUNY Geneseo for five years and continuing to contribute locally through her volunteerism with H.O.P.E,” said SUNY Chancellor Nancy Zimpher.
“I am very confident Dr. Conway-Turner will be an outstanding leader for our students, faculty, staff at SUNY Buffalo State as well as for Western New York, and I look forward to working with her.”
Conway-Turner was one of five finalists for the job. She visited the campus earlier this month. The SUNY Board of Trustees will vote on her appointment June 16 and 17. If approved, she would begin the job on August 4.
Conway-Turner's bio states she has had a 28-year academic career has served in various leadership and administrative positions and as a professor of psychology at five universities. She was appointed provost July 1, 2010.
From 2004 to 2009, Conway-Turner was provost, vice president of academic affairs, and professor of psychology at SUNY Geneseo, where she was responsible for all 20 academic programs, as well as overseeing policies, budgets and personnel. In addition to her teaching and research, Conway-turner has traveled to Haiti regularly over the past decade, performing humanitarian work as a member of H.O.P.E., a not-for-profit, volunteer organization based in Rochester, N.Y., assisting the people of Borgne, Haiti, in achieving equitable, just, and sustainable living conditions.
Prior to that, she was the dean of the College of Liberal Arts and Social Sciences at Georgia Southern University and associate dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Delaware. Other positions she has held include American Council on Education (ACE) Fellow at the College of New Jersey, director of the Women's Studies Program at the College of Arts and Sciences, and graduate program coordinator at the University of Delaware. She has also held teaching positions at Santa Clara University and California State University, Long Beach.
Conway-Turner has Ph.D. in Psychology, M.A. in Psychology, and B.A. Microbiology, all from the University of Kansas.
The following statement was delivered to Buffalo State late Friday afternoon by businessman Howard Zemsky, Chair, Presidential Search Advisory Committee and Chair, Buffalo State College Council:
To the SUNY Buffalo State Community:
Good afternoon. It is with great enthusiasm that I inform the campus community that State University of New York Chancellor Nancy L. Zimpher will recommend the appointment of Katherine Conway-Turner as Buffalo State's ninth president to the SUNY Board of Trustees at its next meeting.
If approved by the SUNY Board of Trustees, Dr. Conway-Turner will begin her presidency at Buffalo State on August 4, 2014. Dr. Howard Cohen, who has been serving for the past academic year as interim president, will conclude his tenure on August 1. We all appreciate the outstanding leadership of Dr. Cohen during the past year. It is fully understood that he stepped into the presidency at a fragile time for Buffalo State, after the loss of Aaron Podolefsky. Howard has brought great leadership, direction, and priority to the institution, which he led with distinction and integrity. We are proud of our association with Howard and his wife, Patty, who has been a great advocate and partner with him, and we express our gratitude and best wishes to them in all their future endeavors.
Our institution's future is bright, and I'm extremely confident that Dr. Conway-Turner will be an inspiring leader for Buffalo State. Her academic and educational background will provide new, insightful leadership, guiding our campus into a new era. Dr. Conway-Turner is a lifelong educator, scholar, author, and humanitarian who brings a distinguished record of leadership and administrative experience to her new position. She is clearly inspired by the mission of our college and has lived an inspiring life of personal growth and accomplishment. I know that her husband, Dr. Alvin Turner, will be a great advocate and partner for the betterment of Buffalo State as well.
Download the curriculum vitae for Katherine Conway-Turner (PDF).
I want to once again thank the Presidential Search Advisory Committee, the Buffalo State College Council, and the entire Buffalo State community for participating so actively in our search process. Thank you all in advance for your continued commitment to Buffalo State and for the warm welcome that I know you will extend to Kate and Alvin.
Sincerely,
Howard Zemsky
Chair, Presidential Search Advisory Committee Chair, Buffalo State College Council
by Adam Armstrong
QNAP Unveils Quad-core Rackmount TS-x53BU NAS Series
Today QNAP Systems, Inc. unveiled a new series of quad-core, rackmount NAS devices, the TS-x53U Series. These new NAS are available in 4-, 8-, and 12-bay designs with both single and redundant power supplies in either 1U or 2U form factors. The new series also comes with 4 Gigabit LAN ports and expandability for M.2 SSD and 10GbE connections making it an ideal choice for SMB that need stable, secure, and high-performance storage.
The new series is powered by a 14nm Intel Celeron J3455 quad-core 1.5GHz processor (burst up to 2.3 GHz), up to 8GB dual-channel DDR3L RAM, and SATA 6Gb/s storage. According to QNAP, the new series is able to hit up to 415MB/s read speed and up to 416MB/s read with Intel AES-NI 256-bit encryption. To further hit higher performance, the new series has a PCIe slot that allows users to install a QNAP QM2 M.2 SSD/10GbE LAN adapter. Or users can install a 10GbE/ Gigabit adapter or a USB 3.1 10Gbps adapter for diverse storage applications.
As with many QNAP NAS solutions, the TS-x53U series is powered by QTS (4.3) operating system. QTS enables user to make better use of their storage though its Qtier auto-tiering technology. Users can manage and monitor networked Windows, Linux and IPMI-compatible devices through a single platform with QRM+. And the QTS-Linux dual systems TS-x53BU series also allows users to develop or utilize IoT packages for Linux and display them using HDMI output.
Key specifications of new models
Redundant power supply: TS-453BU-RP-4G: 4-bay, 4GB DDR3L RAM TS-453BU-RP-8G: 4-bay, 8GB DDR3L RAM TS-853BU-RP-4G: 8-bay, 4GB DDR3L RAM TS-853BU-RP-8G: 8-bay, 8GB DDR3L RAM TS-1253BU-RP-4G: 12-bay, 4GB DDR3L RAM TS-1253BU-RP-8G: 12-bay, 8GB DDR3L RAM
Single power supply: TS-453BU-4G: 4-bay, 4GB DDR3L RAM TS-453BU-8G: 4-bay, 8GB DDR3L RAM TS-853BU-4G: 8-bay, 4GB DDR3L RAM TS-853BU-8G: 8-bay, 8GB DDR3L RAM TS-1253BU-4G: 12-bay, 4GB DDR3L RAM TS-1253BU-8G: 12-bay, 8GB DDR3L RAM
Rackmount form factor; Quad-core Intel Celeron J3455 1.5GHz processor (burst up to 2.3GHz), dual-channel 4GB/8GB DDR3L SODIMM RAM (user upgradable to 8GB); hot-swappable 2.5”/3.5” SATA 6Gbps HDD/SSD; 4 x Gigabit LAN ports; 1 x HDMI v1.4b (up to 4K UHD); 4 x USB 3.0 ports; 1 x PCIe Gen.2 x2 slot.
Availability
The TS-x53BU series is now available.
QNAP SMB Products
Discuss this story
Sign up for the StorageReview newsletter
42-16645973 Photo: Corbis
Here's how popular Full House was: Midway through its eight-year run (1987–1995), the ABC sitcom regularly pulled in more than 27 million viewers every Tuesday night — impressive even in a TV universe with no DVRs or myriad cable choices. The show was a massive hit during the era when family comedies flourished on TV, wooing kids (and their parents) with a carefully crafted recipe of broad humor, silly scenarios, and at least one “awwwww” teaching moment. ABC even devoted most of a night to the formula, packaging a four-sitcom block on Fridays that they called “TGIF” as a sort of Must-See TV for kids. And yet, for all of their huge ratings, they were never given the respect of the critical faves, whether then or now: Shows like Cheers or The Larry Sanders Show get detailed oral histories or deluxe DVD collections with insightful commentaries, while TGIF types mostly pop up as nostalgic button-pusher references or punch lines. But it's time to give these shows their behind-the-scenes due, too. What was it like to work on an ABC family comedy during the eighties and nineties? Vulture tracked down five veteran scribes from the Age of TGIF and asked them to bare their souls.
If you weren't careful, you could get an inferiority complex.
Unlike today, there weren't dozens of critically acclaimed cable shows putting network series to shame in the eighties and early nineties, but there was still something of a caste system in the sitcom business. Must-See TV was a toddler, with Cheers, The Cosby Show, and Family Ties garnering great reviews and ratings (though it took Cheers a bit longer to get big); later, Roseanne and Murphy Brown showed that sitcoms could still be socially relevant post–Norman Lear, while Showtime's It's Garry Shandling's Show. and HBO's Dream On ushered in the era of quality cable comedies. For those who toiled in the joke-a-second trenches, it would have been easy to develop an inferiority complex. “There was definitely a demarcation between broader comedies and other kinds of shows,” says Cindy Begel, who wrote for Head of the Class and the proto-TGIF comedy Laverne & Shirley; Cheryl Alu, a veteran of Perfect Strangers and L&S, remembers feeling as if she and her colleagues “were always from the wrong side of the comedy tracks.” And Howard Adler, who wrote on Step by Step and Strangers with partner Bob Griffard, adds that while it's possible he was “imagining” snobbish vibes from some of his writing peers, “There were probably some people who were full of themselves because they were on Cheers. And I would sometimes think, I will never win an Emmy.”
Chuck Tatham, currently an executive producer of How I Met Your Mother and a former writer for Arrested Development, says he and his brother Jamie grew up in Canada wanting to write for Seinfeld. Instead, they began their TV careers working on the last few years of Full House, which he calls a “great place to learn” how to be a TV writer. Eventually, though, he wanted to land a different kind of show. “I was aware of the fact that I'd have to break out of the notion that ‘He's a Full House writer,'” even though, he says, “anyone who knows this business knows there isn't such a thing as a ‘kids writer.' There are just people who write for kids. It would be just as absurd to say someone on Cheers couldn't write for kids.” Nonetheless, having a top-ten TV show on his résumé wasn't enough. “I wrote a sample Larry Sanders Show script so I could prove to the community that I could write other stuff,” he says. It worked: He snagged gigs on Living Single and Suddenly Susan after Full House ended its run.
But these writers tried not to dwell on what others were doing.
Just like the fictional parents on the shows they wrote, these family writers worked hard to maintain a sunny outlook on their careers and their futures. “I knew that nobody was going to call me up and say, ‘Do you want to write for Cheers?'” Alu says. “But I knew the next job was always going to be there. One would end, and another opportunity would open up.” Begel says that when critically hailed comedies became more common, they “weren't even on my radar. I'd see those writers at the [Paramount] commissary and wave. But beyond that, I didn't think about it.” In fact, Begel actually ended up working on one of those “classy” shows, Jay Tarses's semi-iconic NBC/Lifetime adult comedy The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd. “I respected what Jay ended up doing with it, but when I was writing for it, I missed the old Paramount shows,” she says. “I'd be there in the room thinking, I want to do jokes.” And there were other advantages to working on comedy for the masses. “You'd hear about these ‘quality' shows whose writers were there until three in the morning trying to be perfect,” Adler says. “But we had a very pleasant life. I had time for family and friends.” (Or, as Tatham recalls, “When you worked with kids, you couldn't work late. You were home with a cocktail by seven.”)
They did not write down to kiddie viewers.
Even though a big portion of their audience was still in junior high, most of the writers we spoke to say they didn't try to dumb down their scripts in an attempt to woo the Clearasil crowd. “I never had to throttle down,” Tatham says. “Sometimes you had to change the subject matter, but you had to be on your game … This was a room writing very funny, smart stuff. Much of what I do today, I learned in that room.” Alu echoes Tatham: “There was never a sense of, ‘Let's do this; the kids will love it',” she says. “Nobody ever wrote to a specific audience. I'm sure the network suits thought about it all the time. But we didn't. We wrote to the actors. We were always thinking, How are they going to be funniest? What are we going to give them that plays to their talents?” And like any sitcom writers' room, scribes on family shows were keen on making their colleagues crack up. “We wanted to make ourselves laugh,” Begel explains. “And the standard was high: These were funny people in the room, so if it made them laugh, it was probably funny.” Still, while family show writers might not have been aiming their comedy specifically toward younger viewers, they were always aware little ones would be watching. Says Tatham: “The directive was … at no time should we present anything so adult in nature that adults would have to explain it to kids.”
The writers' room could turn blue.
The onscreen subject matter might have been squeaky-clean, but the writers who worked for TGIF-style sitcoms were just as likely as their more “adult” colleagues to visit some very dark places when pitching ideas for the latest adventures of Balki Bartokomous or Jesse Katsopolis*. “It was extremely politically incorrect,” says Alu, who had a Peggy Olson–like transformation from the writers' secretary at Laverne & Shirley to one of the gang. “It was a bunch of horny, lonely, and sometimes hideous-looking guys. If you were easily offended or if you were thin-skinned, you'd be unhappy. A lot of comedy comes from the extreme, like, ‘What if Larry and Balki woke up in bed together?' You then pull back from there.” Begel says she remembers cancer jokes being told in her rooms; Adler says the writers' room for Step by Step wasn't “dirty, but you'd sometimes go down a certain road and people would get red-faced.” Still, things could get rowdy enough on Step for penalties to be enforced: “When you went over the line in the room, you'd have to put money in a jar,” Griffard recalls. (Little did the New Girl writers know that the Step by Step writers thought of the Douche Jar first.) Over at Perfect Strangers, there was a more edible solution to writers who told one sick joke too many. “If someone got too crude, we'd throw a dinner roll at them,” Alu laughs. Sadly, none of the writers we talked to could recall any particularly dirty jokes about the fictional characters they spent so much time with. Tatham does recall one humorous mandate from his Full House days, though: “There was one rule: Anyone who steps on one of the twins gets fired.”
There was a formula, and you didn't mess with it.
You were allowed to write funny on family shows, but the hijinks were always in service of something nearly as important: the Message. If Larry David demanded “no hugging, no learning” from his scribes, the TGIF-esque writers were required to do the exact opposite. “At the end of the show, there was always that warm moment,” Griffard says. Tatham says the Full House team called it “the ‘heart' scene. And it was almost always between Michelle and either Danny, Jesse, or Joey. If you hadn't been paying attention during the rest of the [episode], this was where the lesson was explicitly laid out, usually with guitar music in the background.” Even when kids weren't part of the equation, like on Perfect Strangers, Alu says the recipe was the same: “Likable characters, the family bond is always there, and the show ends up on a loving note where everyone comes together.” As much love as they expressed for their former jobs, this was the one aspect of family show writing our scribes did not remember fondly. “You sometimes wondered what it would be like not to have that moment,” Griffard says. And Tatham says he “had some difficulty participating” in this part of the process. “When it came time to write the ‘heart' scene, that's usually when I'd get caught up on the L.A. Times sports section,” he says. “It was an important part of the show, [but] it was as predictable as a Viennese commuter train.” Still, while they now gently mock the formulaic nature of family sitcoms from back in the day, Alu believes it was — and is — unavoidable. “I'd say they stick to it today with Modern Family,” she argues. “The rules still apply … You can be edgy and do other things, but there still needs to be some sort of familial bond.”
The happy ending.
It seems appropriate that, like those great family shows of yesteryear, this story should end on an upbeat note. And it's this: All of the writers we talked to really, really, really loved their jobs. The pay was good, the hours reasonable, and everyone was constantly laughing. “It couldn't be any more of a cliché, but it really was a family,” Tatham says. “We were very aware of the significance of the show and of its importance to viewers. I had a sense of awe.” Alu says her time on Perfect Strangers “was a dream … We were very proud of the work. And it never bothered me it didn't get the critical acclaim. It ran for eight years, so someone must have liked it.” And even if the broad comedies of the eighties and nineties didn't get much respect back then, Begel believes history's verdict will be kinder. “It's changed to the point that now I think there's a real respect [for the old family comedies],” she says. “Funny is funny.”
* This post has been updated to correct Uncle Jesse's last name.
Share Share
Article Posted:
Some big changes are expected to be implemented at all FASTPASS attractions next month. Starting March 7 2012, it is expected that the FASTPASS return windows will now be actively enforced, with a 5 minute early arrival and 15 minute late arrival to be allowed. Anyone arriving outside of those times will not be allowed entry to the attraction. The new validity windows will be required for the future roll-out of more advanced NextGen FASTPASS systems, which will require much tighter control of FASTPASS entry than what the current system offers.The current FASTPASS system does not allow early arrivial times, but does allow late arrivals up to the end of the day. Many guests make use of the late arrival tolerance with the current system, so the new enforcement will be a significant impact to those guest's park touring plans.
The House Homeland Security Committee is planning a hearing on cybersecurity threats early next month, The Hill has learned.
The committee is expected to hold a full hearing on the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) cyber defenses and threats to the U.S. on March 1, according to a committee aide.
The hearing will be the committee's first focusing on cybersecurity since the intelligence community concluded that Russia engaged in a cyber and disinformation campaign aimed at influencing the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
The hearing will not focus on the Russian election hacks but will instead cover the full scope of the threat landscape, touching on cyber threats from Russia, China, North Korea and other hostile actors, the aide said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Hackers tied to North Korea's government made waves with the breach of Sony Pictures' computer systems in 2014, in retaliation for the Hollywood studio's production of the movie “The Interview,” which mocked leader Kim Jong-un. The massive Office of Personnel Management hack detected in 2015, in which more than 20 million people had their personal data stolen, has been traced to hackers in China.
In March, committee members will receive expert testimony on the DHS's civilian cyber defenses, the aide said.
Committee Chairman Michael McCaul (R-Texas) has made cyber a top priority, pushing for reforms and reorganization at the DHS in order to boost the department's ability to protect the nation and its critical infrastructure from cyber intrusions.
Various Senate committees have held hearings on the breaches traced to Russia. The Senate Armed Services Committee has also formed a new subcommittee to oversee the Pentagon's cyber capabilities.
While President Trump has talked about making changes on cybersecurity policy, he has yet to sign a cyber executive order that was pulled last week without explanation.
Exclusive Preview | ‘Detective Comics' # 944
There's a new team in Gotham City, but they've already been rocked by tragedy. Within the pages of Detective Comics, Batman and Batwoman have gathered Red Robin, Spoiler, Orphan, and even Clayface together. As a trial by fire, they faced off against the Colony and its army of Batmen, but there was a high cost. Tim Drake, a.k.a. Red Robin, was lost in the battle and presumed dead.
In the wake of that, Bruce Wayne has reached out to Luke Fox a.k.a. Batwing, to replace Tim on the team over the objections of Batwoman. Unfortunately for that trio, a new force has chosen that moment to emerge in Gotham: The Victim Syndicate. They appear to be empowered individiuals who have a particular grudge against Batman himself.
For CraveOnline's exclusive preview of Detective Comics # 944, Batman comes face-to-face with the First Victim, while Batman's new team suits up for action against their mysterious foes.
Detective Comics # 944 was written by James T Tynion IV, with art by Eddy Barrows and Eber Ferreira, in addition to covers by Jason Fabok and Rafael Albuquerque. Here's the official description from DC Comics:
“The Victim Syndicate” part two! The mysterious First Victim has launched an assault on Batman and his team, forcing them to fight an enemy they know nothing about, who seems to have the support of an entire network of strange new foes!”
DC will release Detective Comics # 944 on Wednesday, November 9 in comic book stores everywhere.
What did you think about this preview? Let us know in the comment section below!
Photo Credits: All images provided by DC Comics
by
Across the northern Heartland, thanks to local organic farmers, small producers, and community gardeners, a renaissance of place-based culinary traditions are redefining the way we eat and think about our food. The smallest element in this is the most important—our seeds. Of the millions of seed varieties once available to our grandparents, 97 percent have been lost forever. Yet, thanks to the work currently being done seemingly underground, heirloom seed banks, universities, and ordinary folks are seeking heritage seeds. They are the key to our health, food security and sovereignty. Seeds are our past and our future. Seeds are life.
Our region's history was shaped by wheat. In the mid-1800s, German Mennonite immigrants brought the best varieties of wheat with them when they settled in the Midwest to farm. Most notably, Turkey Red—a high-gluten grain that makes beautiful flour and wonderful bread. Within about 50 years Turkey Red was so well suited to its new home that it displaced corn as the Midwest's primary crop and changed the region's farm economy and landscape. Planted in the fall and dormant through the winters, Turkey Red was disease and fungus resistant, and an ideal crop for Minnesota's harsh climate.
Soon wheat would grow a small river town into the state's largest city, Minneapolis, and put Minnesota on the national map for wheat and flour production. In 1866, Cadwallader Washburn built his mill on the banks of the Mississippi, founding what is today, General Mills. Up until WWII, the biggest changes in grocery store flour had to do with how it was milled. But then the grain itself was changed.
Charged with ending world hunger by increasing the yields of agricultural staples, Dr. Norman Borlaug, a University of Minnesota geneticist, created a new variety of wheat that produced huge quantities of large kernels when heavily fertilized. Because this wheat grows low to the ground, it doesn't topple under its seed head's increased weight and is far easier to harvest by machine. This is the wheat that is commercially milled into 98 percent of U.S. flour today.
With the creation of our modern wheat, scientists avoided one disaster—they fed the world and made a product that could continue to do so for generations to come—but they did it by tricking nature. According to Dr. Abdullah Jaradat, Soil Management Research Agronomy in Morris, Minnesota, the work was unnecessary and harmful. “Wheat can evolve without the use of chemicals and adjust naturally to the soil conditions, withstand pests and diseases, in a variety of locations throughout the world. Today's wheat is lazy. It's spoiled. We feed it everything it needs. By tampering with genetics, we've created food that provides farmers and manufacturers with maximum yield at the lowest cost,” he said.
“But more dangerous than anything else, modern wheat is unsustainable. We are witnessing the near elimination of diverse strains of wheat, vital to human and environmental health and to food security. The genetic management of this crop has shifted into to the hands of industrial breeders but with hidden costs. It's dependent on chemicals to survive; is harvested and replanted each year, which adds to erosion of our topsoil, the source of our fertility. And, though it's been disputed, the jury is out as to whether or not this wheat contains excess gluten responsible for a variety of health issues.”
In contrast, the older varieties of wheat, such as Turkey Red, are genetically diverse, and thus better adapted to organic systems. “Diversity is essential to our food security, especially as the climate becomes unstable and as pests and weeds evolve to withstand the chemicals to control them,” Jaradat said. Thanks to the work of seed-saving organizations such as Seed Savers Exchange, Native Seeds/SEARCH, Dream of Wild Health, Honor the Earth, White Earth Reservation, Wozupi Tribal Gardens, Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community, as well as the Heritage Wheat Conservatory, heritage seeds and biodiversity* are coming back.
In the Twin Cities, two new mills are once again grinding heritage wheat and thus generating interest in this heirloom grain. Turkey Red wheat is ground by Sunrise Flour Mill, in North Branch, Minnesota, and sold at the Mill City Farmers Market in Minneapolis.
When I first met its founder Darrold Glanville, he opened a sack and spilled a few Turkey Red kernels into my palm. Shiny, rich mahogany brown, they squirmed through my fingers and skittered to the floor as though alive. “When wheat is ground fresh, there's a different quality to the flour,” he said. “It has a distinct flavor and makes a very responsive dough. You'll see when you make bread, the dough springs up when it hits the oven's heat. Bakers call that ‘bounce'; they develop beautiful firm crusts.” This is evidenced in the sourdough breads Jonathan Kaye of Heritage Bread bakes using Sunrise Flour Mill's flours and sells at Mill City Farmers Market, too.
This year, grindstone milling returned to Minneapolis, with Baker's Field Flour & Bread in the Food Building. It's the brainchild of Steve Horton, who founded Rustica Bakery. Recognizing the importance of good tasting, heritage wheat, Steve began his search for farmers willing to try the different varieties of older grains that once grew in our region. In doing so, Baker's Field supports farmers willing to experiment and find the types wheat that have great flavor and baking profiles and that are also resilient and regenerative for our soil.
Wheat isn't the only food being revived by our region's slightly obsessive gardeners, passionate cooks, environmentalists, and food activists. Heritage varieties of corn, beans, squash, tomatoes, hogs, chickens, ducks, turkeys are all being cultivated as part of the effort to defend agricultural diversity, one that balances heirloom varieties and a healthy food system, matching plant and animal biodiversity with the demands of the land and the climate.
As a home cook, I'm now realizing that flour, which I thought was a cheap commodity, is a nutritious, seasonal food, like blueberries. The variety of wheat, the area it's grown in, the growing conditions, as well as its freshness all affect its flavor and performance. So, just like my favorite apples, or the spring's first peas, the taste of wheat will vary throughout the year.
When I kneaded Sunrise Flour Mill's heritage flour into dough to bake beautiful bread, and I sliced into Baker's Field's tangy sourdough baguette—in fact, whenever I make a pie with keepsake apples, a soup with Jacob's Cattle beans, or roast up Gete-Okosomin, an ancient Native American squash—I taste both our past and our future.
Wheat, for example, is grown on more acreage than any other commercial crop in the world and continues to be the most important grain source for humans. Its production leads all crops, including rice, maize, and potatoes. Given its role in our diets and its place in our history, isn't heritage wheat worth our attention, time, technology, and resources to grow it well? We have the intelligence, if not the wisdom, to grow beautiful heirloom staples. How do we teach everyone the value of all this? Make great bread.
*Editor's Note: This article has been updated to more accurately reflect the operation of the seed-saving groups. Many of the Native-owned organizations mentioned, while raising awareness and support for heritage seeds in general, often curate indigenous seeds in specific, and not wheat, which is native to the Middle East.
NASHUA, N.H. — New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie dropped out of the Republican nomination for president on Wednesday, a day after his disappointing sixth-place finish in New Hampshire's primary.
Campaign spokeswoman Samantha Smith said Christie shared his decision with staff at his campaign headquarters in Morristown, New Jersey, late Wednesday afternoon, and was calling donors and other supporters.
Christie on Tuesday night told supporters he was heading home to New Jersey to “take a deep breath,” await the final tally of results from New Hampshire and decide what to do next. He said he was leaving New Hampshire “without an ounce of regret,” but spoke of his campaign in the past tense at one point and cancelled a Wednesday event in next-to-vote South Carolina.
Christie dropped out of the race the same day that Carly Fiorina announced on social media that she, too, was calling it quits. The former chief executive of Hewlett-Packard won just 4 percent of the vote in New Hampshire. Christie had 7 percent.
Christie had been banking on a strong finish in New Hampshire and spent more than 70 days campaigning in the state, holding well-received town halls and meet-and-greets.
But Tuesday's result appeared to be the final blow for a candidate whose campaign saw glimmers of hope at times, but had trouble from the get-go raising money and building support in a crowded Republican field dominated by another brash East Coaster, businessman Donald Trump.
While Trump posed a challenge to the entire Republican field, his dominance seemed especially damaging to Christie, who had branded himself the “telling it like it is” candidate.
When he returns home to finish his second term as governor, Christie will face a slew of unsolved problems and rock-bottom approval ratings from residents who, polls show, feel he neglected New Jersey to pursue his national ambitions.
Christie racked up a long list of notable endorsements from state legislative leaders in New Hampshire. At the end of 2015, he appeared to be breaking into the top tier after a video of him discussing a friend's struggle with drug addiction went viral.
The terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino in particular played to Christie's advantage, allowing him to talk about his previous job as a U.S. attorney and play up his law-and-order credentials. And a commanding performance during the last GOP debate before the New Hampshire primary earned him strong reviews.
But with a field filled with numerous other options, including current and former governors and senators, Christie never consolidated support, despite being praised by both fans and rivals as one of the Republican Party's best communicators.
Christie may have missed a better chance at the White House four year ago, when some of his party's most powerful statesmen and donors begged him to run in 2012. But Christie declined, saying that he didn't feel like he was ready.
Christie's aggressive political team worked to rack up endorsements and wide victory margins in his re-election bid for governor as a springboard for 2016. At the same time, his aides took their game of doling out political favors and punishments too far, leading to one of the most dumbfounding political scandals in recent memory. Aides purposely created traffic jams in the town of Fort Lee to punish the mayor, who chose not to endorse Christie's re-election.
While Christie first laughed off the suggestion that his team had anything to do with the plot, the denials quickly unraveled following the release of emails, including one from a top aide that read, “Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee.”
Three people have been indicted in the scheme, including a former high school classmate of the governor who has pleaded guilty and is working with federal prosecutors.
Other Republicans who have left the race include South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Texas Gov. Rick Perry.
(Photo: Dreamstime)
Conservatives should hesitate before empowering the government to look up people's skirts.
Kentucky governor Matt Bevin said last week that he hopes the Kentucky legislature won't consider a transgender-bathroom bill in the upcoming legislative session; according to Bevin, “the last thing we need is more government rules.” He's absolutely right, and I think it's worth offering a conservative defense of transgender rights — which ought to be a conservative issue.
Advertisement
Advertisement
On the American political spectrum, conservatism is the mind-your-own-business ideology. I know smoking is unhealthy, but I enjoy smoking, and my health is none of your business. I know motorcycles can be dangerous, but I like the wind in my hair; whether or not I wear a helmet is none of your business. I realize that fireworks can blow up before they're supposed to, but they're fun and my fingers are none of your business. Don't tell me what sort of car to drive, or what kind of light bulb I can buy, or what kind of milk I can drink, or how to raise my kids.
There's a reason, when push comes to shove, most libertarians vote Republican. The Republican party is — more often than not, and should invariably be — the party of individual liberty. So conservatives have to ask, is it a good idea to empower the government to start lifting up people's skirts?
Advertisement
The response, from many conservatives, is that it's not a question of interfering with personal freedom — the freedom to live one's own life however he'd like — but of preserving personal freedom — that is, the freedom to go to the bathroom among only people of the same biological sex. Allowing mixed-biological-sex bathrooms risks making adults uncomfortable, and risks opening the door to child predators, or so the argument goes. I'm afraid neither of those positions strikes me as well thought-out. Certainly not from a conservative point of view.
Unfortunately, the door is already open to child predators. So long as there are public bathrooms, bad people will use them (if for no other reason than evacuation). If child predators using your kids' bathroom is your concern, you should be worrying about the male predators in the boys' bathroom right now, not the male predators who might claim to be transgendered to get into the girls' bathroom. (Or vice versa.)
Advertisement
Furthermore, it is a fundamental position of American conservatism that you don't penalize innocent people in anticipation of criminal activity. It's not my fault, as someone who wants a gun for self-defense, that someone else may want a gun to shoot his neighbor. Crime prevention does not preempt my right to self-defense. It's not my fault, as someone who wants to contribute to a candidate he supports, that someone else might contribute to a candidate in order to buy political influence. Crime prevention does not preempt my right to political speech.
It is a fundamental position of American conservatism that you don't penalize innocent people in anticipation of criminal activity.
It's not a transgendered person's fault that some other, theoretical transgender person might theoretically commit a sex crime. The position of American conservatives is that, as Benjamin Franklin said, it's “better 100 guilty persons should escape than that one innocent person should suffer.” This would be true even if there had been a spate of transgender attacks on children (no one wants to ban Catholic clergy from bathrooms, for instance) but of course there hasn't. Transgender people make up a tiny percentage of the population — something like a third of one percent — and don't appear to have a higher propensity to crime than anyone else. The potential predator argument holds no water.
Advertisement
As for being uncomfortable in a public bathroom — should we ban guns because they make liberals uncomfortable? (And it's not as if public bathrooms were comfortable to begin with.)
Advertisement
#related#Then there's the practical argument: Thanks to hormones and surgery, many transgender men and women are visually indistinguishable from the usual kind. Won't the people made uncomfortable by wondering if they're sharing the bathroom with transgender people be made uncomfortable by sharing it with someone who, to all outward appearances, belongs to the opposite sex? And couldn't hypothetical predators walk into the wrong bathroom, claim to be transgendered, and say the law requires they be there? None of this has been thought out. Conservatives shouldn't be passing laws so they can find out what's in them.
And, in the end, how will the government tell who is and isn't transgendered? Will suspicious parties be sequestered by police and asked to produce sex identification? Will broad-shouldered women be detained on suspicion of a Y-chromosome?
Conservatives should remember that big government threatens freedom, even when Republicans are in power. They should also remember that conservatives who pick and choose whose freedom they defend aren't worthy of the name.
When Rick Santorum ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012, he won 11 states and nearly 4 million votes.
This time around, the former Pennsylvania senator never seriously threatened to have an impact on the race. CNN is now reporting that Santorum will end his campaign after receiving just 1 percent of the vote in Iowa — a state he won in 2012.
Santorum won 11 states in 2012, but sometimes struggled to get 11 people to his rallies this time around
In ending his candidacy, Santorum is really just acknowledging what has been clear for months: His path to the nomination has long since been crowded out by other, better-known alternatives.
Santorum's first big challenge came in May 2015 when former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, who sat out the race in 2012, announced his presidential bid.
Huckabee has longstanding ties to the same social conservatives and evangelicals who had been crucial in powering Santorum's 2012 campaign, and his candidacy shrank Santorum's potential base of support.
But Santorum can't blame his failed candidacy on Huckabee alone. Both Huckabee and Santorum would later be overtaken by Dr. Ben Carson, whose appeal to evangelicals was central to his polling surge. And Carson would himself be overtaken by Sen. Ted Cruz, who also drew the voters Santorum needed to be viable.
With his former supporters going elsewhere, Santorum struggled to remain relevant.
He was relegated to the "undercard" debate. His former Pennsylvania donors declined to open their wallets. Staffers began defecting to other campaigns. Santorum came in 11th of 11 candidates in RealClearPolitics' polling average.
The press coverage became at turns mocking and pitying. The man who had posed the most serious challenge to Mitt Romney in 2012 sometimes failed to draw more than a handful of people to his events.
"Santorum calls crowd of 4 in rural Iowa a success," ran a headline in the Des Moines Register. Ouch.
Santorum fell victim to the coverage-polling cycle of doom
On the one hand, Santorum's fall is an unremarkable example of politics as usual: Sometimes politicians who have strong credentials fall from the conversation, get labeled as unpopular, and never recover.
Vox's Matt Yglesias explained how this dynamic works when looking at the (similarly underwhelming) candidacy of former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, who on paper also seemed to have a plausible case for his candidacy.
Like O'Malley, Santorum didn't poll well when the race began. That led the media to ignore his candidacy, which in turn sank his standing in the polls, which in turn justified even less press coverage.
This is the same basic problem that Theodore White identified in his book The Making of the President 1964:
The development of an image is a mysterious thing: once a public figure has been cast in a public role, it is almost impossible for him to change the character. It is as if someone has assembled personality traits into a convenient pattern, no writer ever re-examines it: it is easier to use the accepted pattern.
It's as close as you can get to a general rule in politics: Once a candidate is considered a bit player, the image becomes almost impossible to shake.
The big new variable in 2016: the angry electorate
But if Santorum's campaign fits a decades-old pattern of American politics, his failure also at least appears to reflect something that was genuinely different about this year — especially on the Republican side.
That difference is anger.
America's bitterness toward the political system has been well-documented in poll after poll. The New York Times's David Leonhardt suggested that anger is the crucial difference between this presidential election cycle and all others in the modern era.
"Half of all Americans are angrier today than they were a year ago," Esquire wrote in a summary on "rage" in this year's election. "White Americans are the angriest of all."
Why couldn't Santorum channel the 2016 electorate's anger?
Santorum was a poor vessel for channeling this widespread fury toward the political class.
That's not really because of the substance of his campaign. Santorum has called deportations "a gift" for undocumented immigrants, made deeply homophobic remarks, and even declared that World War III is already underway.
The real challenge was his style — his ho-hum stump speeches and genial appearance, which National Review's Tim Alberta memorably described as "a breathing facsimile of Woody from Toy Story."
Compounding the difficulty of a credibly anti-establishment message was Santorum's record, which includes more than a decade in the US Senate, a stint as chair of the Senate Republican Conference, and connections to K Street lobbyists.
For his part, Santorum appears to have understood the gap between the passion he could convey what the voters wanted to see.
"There's a difference between fighting and anger," he told a Tea Party rally in January, according to Breitbart News. "Please pray and do the right thing. Don't act out of anger."
The one quote that shows why Santorum was such a bad fit for 2016
There are lots of examples to illustrate Santorum's anger gap, but I think a Politico story by Kyle Cheney from this fall provides a particularly useful (if inadvertent) illustration of Santorum's problem.
It starts in 2011, when Donald Trump (who else?) called Santorum "a loser" while on Fox News.
After seeing the clip, Santorum called Trump in what seems to have been an earnest attempt to point out that Santorum did not agree that he was, in fact, a loser.
Here's Politico:
Santorum, a former Pennsylvania senator who lost his reelection campaign in 2006, said he happened to catch Trump's insult while watching TV. Their phone call, though, was a largely cordial conversation, with Santorum framing his Senate race defeat as a business deal gone bad.
The story then moves ahead to 2014, when Trump staffers mistakenly accused Santorum of denigrating the real estate mogul during a radio interview.
Afterward, Santorum met with Trump in New York City:
They had an hourlong conversation "about everything (Trump) was doing" — including his deal to convert the Old Post Office in Washington, D.C., into a luxury hotel, which Trump insisted has infuriated President Barack Obama. "An hourlong conversation, I probably talked about 10 minutes," Santorum said.
Santorum seems to try to use the anecdote to reveal his reasonableness and maturity, especially compared with the brash real estate mogul.
But it also reveals something else: that Santorum could simply be talked over, and drowned out, by the louder voices in the room.
Hackers of the world will once again unite at DEFCON 16, this August 8th, one of the industry's top conferences. The world's best and brightest security minds will deliver presentations and papers, sharing their latest research during the three day event. As usual, DEFCON is home to a number of classic hacker contests, including the Phreaking Challenge, Capture the Flag, Mystery Challenge, Hacker Jeopardy and the once great, Spot the Fed contest. A few new events debuting this year include, BuzzWord Survivor, Hardware Hacking Village and the unnecessarily controversial Race-to-Zero contest.
Due to the lack of technical comprehension, the Race-to-Zero event has received a substantial amount of controversial publicity. However, media and vendor misperception is relatively common when it comes to any hacker-cons. This is sometimes due to their never having actually attended one. Therefore, I felt it was important to report, as a hacker and journalist, some facts.
Contrary to popular belief, this is not a seminar aimed at teaching malicious code writing. Furthermore, it is not a meeting for malware authors, to share methodologies of evading AV detection. Demonstrating the human nature of "fearing what is not understood", individuals from several AV companies have advocated their cowardice:
Sophos senior technology consultant Graham Cluley said, "The last thing the world needs is more malware. It's really disappointing to see that Defcon appears to be condoning the creation of malware in this way.
McAfee Avert Labs' security research and communications manager Dave Marcus claimed, "Encouraging research that results in better evasion techniques for malware writers is not a good idea. How many identities will be lost and how much data will be stolen from users as a result of the new techniques and evasions that are created? Security research should center around bettering detection not evasion."
TrendMicro researcher Paul Ferguson said, "It will do more harm than good. Responsible disclosure is one thing, but now actually encouraging people to do this as a contest is a little over the top."
AVG Technologies' chief research officer Roger Thompson stated, "It's hard to see an upside for encouraging people to write more viruses. It's a dumb idea."
New viruses will not be created and no modified or variant code will be publicly released. The rules of the contest are well explained on their website. Participants are provided with samples of viral code, which they modify in attempt to evade multiple AV engines. Advancement to subsequent rounds is achieved when the code's rate of detection is zero, hence the name, Race-to-Zero.
While the original sample code provided may be modified, it may not be functionally changed. Furthermore, the code must exploit the original vulnerability, despite modification. In addition to fostering the education of reverse engineering, this event will help raise awareness to the inefficiencies of signature-based detection, and reveal the true (in)effectiveness of current AV products.
When AV companies release new updated products, they may have to do more than just improve the user interface, change the name slightly (2008 edition!) and tweak their marketing strategy.
Then again I've never coded AV detection software before....only malware.
I can be reverse engineered or disassembled at: greyhat@computer.org
The latest update to Firefox 4 Beta is now available with new features that offer more control over your Web experience. This release lets you own and control your personal Web experience by syncing your data across devices, and by helping you organize your tabs in order to juggle and prioritize your busy online life.
What new features are in this Firefox 4 Beta update?
Stay in Sync
Fire ​fox ​Sync​ makes your bookmarks, history, Awesome Bar, passwords, form-fill data and open tabs accessible across multiple computers and mobile devices. Now, with Firefox Sync, you can customize and take your Web experiences with you anywhere, even on your iPhone with Firefox Home.
Firefox Sync encrypts all of your data before sending it to the server and does not track your travels throughout the Web. This means that you never have to compromise your privacy for the convenience of using Firefox Sync.
When downloading or updating to the latest version of the Firefox 4 beta, you will automatically be prompted to create a Firefox Sync account. You can watch this video for a step-by-step guide:
Visit the Firefox Sync page for more information on how to use Firefox Sync. For an engineer's perspective, see Mike Connor's post.
A Tab Revolution
When tabs were first introduced, the feature changed the way people browse the Web. To continue the tab revolution, the beta now includes Firefox Panorama (formerly Tab Candy) as a new approach to tab management that makes it easy to organize and multi-task while on the Web. If you juggle many open tabs for work, shopping, music, social sites, vacation planning and more, you can easily group and prioritize those tabs any way you want. With one keystroke you can see an overview of all tabs to quickly locate and switch between tabs or groups of tabs.
See Aza Raskin's blog post for more details.
Better feedback, a better browser
As always, Firefox 4 Beta includes a Feedback Add-on with Mozilla Labs Test Pilot, which enable you to take part in anonymous studies. You can choose to opt-out of any or all studies by managing your settings in the Feedback button.
We value feedback from our beta testers and ask for continued feedback on Firefox 4 Beta. The feedback is used to help improve future Firefox Beta releases.
Firefox 4 Beta testers will receive automatic updates, so stay tuned for the next release in the coming weeks.
‏
With NHL prospects, we are almost always presented with two major questions: “Can they follow up a strong season?” and “How will they adapt at the next level?” The Los Angeles Kings prospect pool has many rather high profile players falling into one or both of these categories this coming season.
With a championship under the belt of the entire AHL squad, many are wondering if the Ontario Reign (formerly the Manchester Monarchs) can repeat a Calder Cup-winning 2014-15 season. Players like Nic Dowd, Michael Mersch, and Justin Auger all registered commendable rookie outings with the Monarchs, and will be looking to avoid the sophomore slump. Meanwhile, prospects like Valentin Zykov, Adrian Kempe, and Jonny Brodzinski are looking to make an impact in their new surroundings.
Outside the AHL there are similar stories with players like Matt Mistele, Michael Amadio, and newly drafted Erik Cernak. While the Kings still have a pretty lightweight prospect pool in terms of overall game breakers, they boast one of the best development programs in the NHL. They will be hard at work in 2015-16 trying to help each and every one of this player realize their dream of one day being in the NHL. Some big years lie ahead.
20. (NR) Austin Wagner, LW, 7.0D
‏Drafted 4th round, 99th overall in 2015
‏The hard-working, two-way game of Austin Wagner is definitely a shoo-in for a Kings system that loves its blue-collar forwards. The 18-year-old put up a modest 20 goals with Regina last year, but really made his presence felt with his intelligent thinking of the game and top-notch skating. He is an all-situations forward in the making and feels a little bit like a Tanner Pearson-lite. Wagner has a long way to go and a lot to build on if he wants his two-way game to translate to the next level. A big offensive step in 2015-16 would help his stock tremendously, but he has the makings of a decent all-around winger.
19. (18) Nick Ebert, D, 6.5D
‏Drafted 7th round, 211th overall in 2012
‏The offensive leaning defenseman is in a bit of a holding pattern right now. Last season Ebert split his time as a bottom-pair defenseman or the extra guy in the press box for Manchester. He only played 45 of a potential 82 games, and only appeared in two games during the Monarchs' magical Calder Cup run. When he did play he continued to provide solid offensive contributions. There will not be much extra room on the blueline this season with the Kings' relocated affiliate, the Ontario Reign, but with a year under his belt the 21-year old should be in position to elevate his standing on the depth chart. He has all the tools to be a solid puck-moving contributor and power play weapon. Look for 2015-16 to be a big statement year for the former Windsor Spitfire star.
18. (20) Matt Mistele, LW, 6.5D
‏Drafted 6th round, 180th overall in 2014
‏Mistele was a steady goal-scorer throughout the 2014-15 campaign. This was a campaign that saw him relocate from Plymouth to Oshawa, and eventually play and win in the 2015 Memorial Cup with the Generals. His scoring pace definitely cooled a touch when he went from Plymouth to Oshawa, but he remained a valued part of the Generals' depth. When he was drafted, folks were still looking for him to replicate the 60 point rookie season he had back in 2012-13. With 64 points and a long playoff run in 2014-15, this is more the player scouts were looking for. His consistent offensive contributions were a huge boost to his respective teams on most nights.
17. (12) Justin Auger, RW, 6.5D
‏Drafted 4th round, 103rd overall in 2013
‏The massively-built forward shot up in the rankings last season due to just how well he adjusted to the AHL game. It seemed as though the big winger took the coaching suggestions to heart and really started to use his body in the right areas. His 29-point rookie campaign with Manchester was definitely noteworthy. While it is questionable how much that improves or translates as he moves up in minutes and role, he provides a physical presence in the game that makes him hard for defenses to play against. It is not out of the question to think that Auger could develop into a Dwight King style top nine forward in the future. The Kings definitely love players who can cause havoc for their skill guys to exploit, and at 6'7 and 230 pounds, Auger could be one of those guys. His upside is limited, but he has at least one great natural advantage over many in the prospect pool.
‏16. (NR) Patrik Bartosak, G, 6.5D
‏Drafted 5th round, 146th overall in 2013
‏There will be an interesting goaltending battle brewing in Ontario this season. While J.F. Berube was a member of last season's midterm list, he is notably absent from our pre-season rankings. While Berube did lead the Monarchs to a Calder Cup, there are many who feel that Bartosak has the upside, athleticism, and competitive edge to take over the number one gig for the Reign this coming season. His numbers were fairly good in his limited 2014-15 season in the role of backup, but the Czech should at least get a split start opportunity with Ontario this coming season.
‏15. (NR) Alexander Dergachyov, RW, 6.5D
‏Drafted 3rd round, 74th overall in 2015
‏Have we mentioned before that the Kings love power forwards? This past draft the Kings went out to the MHL to draft the 6'4 bull in a china shop, Alexander Dergachyov. Like most Russian players these days, the 18-year old has an excellent command of technical skills plus some creativity to go along with his sizable frame and gritty style. He was a very productive forward in the Russian minor leagues last year, scoring at a near point per game pace. It will be interesting to see if he gets moved from the MHL to the KHL, where his size and tenacity will really be put to the test.
‏14. (NR) Michael Amadio, C, 7.0D
‏Drafted 3rd round, 90th overall in 2014
‏It was hard for Michael Amadio to be more important to the North Bay Battalion this year. He was the man for North Bay for the entirety of the 2014-15 season, leading the team in scoring during both the regular season and the playoffs. This also came on a North Bay team that was relatively light on star power. The 19-year old Soo native was the catalyst for the Battalion all year, registering 19 multi-point games over the season. He more than doubled his 2013-14 production in 2014-15. Amadio will likely have to lead the Battalion again, barring trade, but where does he go next?
‏13. (NR) Kevin Gravel, D, 6.5C
‏Signed as a free agent in July 2015
‏Gravel was squeezed out of the Kings pipeline due to the team reaching its contract limit in 2014. Unsurprisingly he signed a professional contract with the Kings AHL affiliate. He did exactly what he needed to do in 2014-15 to remain relevant. He played a pretty steady role as a bottom pair defenseman, one that increased later in the season. At age 23, the Kings 2010 draftee is pretty well known for his low-flash and steady defensive game. He has slowly mixed in some puck-moving ability as he has aged and is back in the fold of the Kings pipeline as an intriguing bottom pair defensive option.
12. (10) Paul LaDue, D, 7.0D
‏Drafted 6th round, 181st overall in 2012
‏The big defenseman out of North Dakota has made steady strides since his draft year. He has tackled every elevation of his role at UND as it has come along. For that reason the Kings made a big push to sign him to a professional contract this past offseason. However, LaDue is set on returning to North Dakota this year, where he will play his junior season with the club while donning the alternate captain's letter. With the Kings in full support of his decision to go back to college, they will keep a sharp eye on the 22-year old puck mover. His plus skating and puck-moving ability have been big assets to the North Dakota blueline, and he is going to be asked to take on an even larger role in the coming year.
11. (19) Jonny Brodzinski, RW, 7.0D
‏Drafted 5th round, 148th overall in 2013
‏People around the Kings organization are justifiably excited about Jonny Brodzinski, who signed an entry-level deal back in April. Of all the success the Kings have had recently with college prospects like Michael Mersch and Nick Shore, Brodzinski comes into the AHL fold with perhaps the most consistent goal-scoring exploits of the bunch. With back-to-back-to-back 20-plus goal seasons for St. Cloud State, the 22-year old has demonstrated a strong ability to find twine with regularity. Coming off a season where he was named to the NCHC All-star team, the Minnesota native will now put his pure goal-scoring abilities to the test in the AHL. The Kings lack some goalscoring punch right now in the system, and “Brodzy” could potentially be the best sniper they currently have.
The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers on issues both timely and timeless.
As of today, the Troubled Asset Relief Program, known as TARP, the emergency bailouts born in the financial panic of 2008, is no more. Done. Finished. Kaput.
Last month the Congressional Oversight Panel issued a report assessing the program. It makes for grim reading. Once it is conceded that government intervention was necessary and generally successful in heading off an economic disaster, the narrative heads downhill quickly: TARP was badly mismanaged, the report says, it created significant moral hazard and failed miserably in providing mortgage foreclosure relief.
Propounding peace and love without practical or institutional engagement is delusion, not virtue.
That may not seem like a shocking revelation. Everyone left, right, center, red state, blue state, even Martians — hated the bailout of Wall Street, apart of course from the bankers and dealers themselves, who could not even manage a grace moment of red-faced shame before they eagerly restocked their far from empty vaults. A perhaps bare majority, or more likely just a significant minority, nonetheless thought the bailouts were necessary. But even those who thought them necessary were grieved and repulsed. There was, I am suggesting, no moral disagreement about TARP and the bailouts — they stank. The only significant disagreement was practical and causal: would the impact of not bailing out the banks be catastrophic for the economy as a whole or not? No one truly knew the answer to this question, but that being so the government decided that it could not and should not play roulette with the future of the nation and did the dirty deed.
Erin Schell
That we all agreed about the moral ugliness of the bailouts should have led us to implementing new and powerful regulatory mechanisms. The financial overhaul bill that passed congress in July certainly fell well short of what would be necessary to head-off the next crisis. Clearly, political deal-making and the influence of Wall Street over our politicians is part of the explanation for this failure; but the failure also expressed continuing disagreement about the nature of the free market. In pondering this issue I want to, again, draw on the resources of Georg W.F. Hegel. He is not, by a long shot, the only philosopher who could provide a glimmer of philosophical illumination in this area. But the primary topic of his practical philosophy was analyzing the exact point where modern individualism and the essential institutions of modern life meet. And right now, this is also where many of the hot-button topics of the day reside.
Hegel, of course, never directly wrote about Wall Street, but he was philosophically invested in the logic of market relations. Near the middle of the “Phenomenology of Spirit” (1807), he presents an argument that says, in effect: if Wall Street brokers and bankers understood themselves and their institutional world aright, they would not only accede to firm regulatory controls to govern their actions, but would enthusiastically welcome regulation. Hegel's emphatic but paradoxical way of stating this is to say that if the free market individualist acts “in [his] own self-interest, [he] simply does not know what [he] is doing, and if [he] affirms that all men act in their own self-interest, [he] merely asserts that all men are not really aware of what acting really amounts to.” For Hegel, the idea of unconditioned rational self-interest — of, say, acting solely on the motive of making a maximal profit — simply mistakes what human action is or could be, and is thus rationally unintelligible. Self-interested action, in the sense it used by contemporary brokers and bankers, is impossible. If Hegel is right, there may be deeper and more basic reasons for strong market regulation than we have imagined.
The “Phenomenology” is a philosophical portrait gallery that presents depictions, one after another, of different, fundamental ways in which individuals and societies have understood themselves. Each self-understanding has two parts: an account of how a particular kind of self understands itself and, then, an account of the world that the self considers its natural counterpart. Hegel narrates how each formation of self and world collapses because of a mismatch between self-conception and how that self conceives of the larger world. Hegel thinks we can see how history has been driven by misshapen forms of life in which the self-understanding of agents and the worldly practices they participate in fail to correspond. With great drama, he claims that his narrative is a “highway of despair.”
Hegel's “knight of virtue” is a fuzzy, liberal Don Quixote tramping around a modern world in which the free market is the central institution.
The discussion of market rationality occurs in a section of the “Phenomenology” called “Virtue and the way of the world.” Believing in the natural goodness of man, the virtuous self strives after moral self-perfection in opposition to the wicked self-interested practices of the marketplace, the so-called “way of the world.” Most of this section is dedicated to demonstrating how hollow and absurd is the idea of a “knight of virtue” — a fuzzy, liberal Don Quixote tramping around a modern world in which the free market is the central institution. Against the virtuous self's “pompous talk about what is best for humanity and about the oppression of humanity, this incessant chatting about the sacrifice of the good,” the “way of the world” is easily victorious.
However, what Hegel's probing account means to show is that the defender of holier-than-thou virtue and the self-interested Wall Street banker are making the same error from opposing points of view. Each supposes he has a true understanding of what naturally moves individuals to action. The knight of virtue thinks we are intrinsically good and that acting in the nasty, individualist, market world requires the sacrifice of natural goodness; the banker believes that only raw self-interest, the profit motive, ever leads to successful actions.
Both are wrong because, finally, it is not motiving but actions that matter, and how those actions hang together to make a practical world. What makes the propounding of virtue illusory — just so much rhetoric — is that there is no world, no interlocking set of practices into which its actions could fit and have traction: propounding peace and love without practical or institutional engagement is delusion, not virtue. Conversely, what makes self-interested individuality effective is not its self-interested motives, but that there is an elaborate system of practices that supports, empowers, and gives enduring significance to the banker's actions. Actions only succeed as parts of practices that can reproduce themselves over time. To will an action is to will a practical world in which actions of that kind can be satisfied — no corresponding world, no satisfaction. Hence the banker must have a world-interest as the counterpart to his self-interest or his actions would become as illusory as those of the knight of virtue. What bankers do, Hegel is urging, is satisfied a function within a complex system that gives their actions functional significance.
Actions are elements of practices, and practices give individual actions their meaning. Without the game of basketball, there are just balls flying around with no purpose. The rules of the game give the action of putting the ball through the net the meaning of scoring, where scoring is something one does for the sake of the team. A star player can forget all this and pursue personal glory, his private self-interest. But if that star — say, Kobe Bryant — forgets his team in the process, he may, in the short term, get rich, but the team will lose. Only by playing his role on the team, by having an L.A. Laker interest as well as a Kobe Bryant interest, can he succeed. I guess in this analogy, Phil Jackson has the role of “the regulator.”
The series of events leading up to near economic collapse have shown Wall Street traders and bankers to be essentially knights of self-interest — bad Kobe Bryants. The function of Wall Street is the allocation of capital; as Adam Smith instructed, Wall Street's task is to get capital to wherever it will do the most good in the production of goods and services. When the financial sector is fulfilling its function well, an individual banker succeeds only if he is routinely successful in placing investors' capital in businesses that over time are profitable. Time matters here because what must be promoted is the practice's capacity to reproduce itself. In this simplified scenario, Wall Street profits are tightly bound to the extra wealth produced by successful industries.
Every account of the financial crisis points to a terrifying series of structures that all have the same character: the profit-driven actions of the financial sector became increasingly detached from their function of supporting and advancing the growth of capital. What thus emerged were patterns of action which, may have seemed to reflect the “ways of the world” but in financial terms, were as empty as those of a knight of virtue, leading to the near collapse of the system as a whole. A system of compensation that provides huge bonuses based on short-term profits necessarily ignores the long-term interests of investors. As does a system that ignores the creditworthiness of borrowers; allows credit rating agencies to be paid by those they rate and encourages the creation of highly complex and deceptive financial instruments. In each case, the actions — and profits — of the financial agents became insulated from both the interests of investors and the wealth-creating needs of industry.
Despite the fact that we have seen how current practices are practically self-defeating for the system as a whole, the bill that emerged from the Congress comes nowhere near putting an end to the practices that necessitated the bailouts. Every one of those practices will remain in place with just a veneer of regulation giving them the look of legitimacy.
What market regulations should prohibit are practices in which profit-taking can routinely occur without wealth creation; wealth creation is the world-interest that makes bankers' self-interest possible. Arguments that market discipline, the discipline of self-interest, should allow Wall Street to remain self-regulating only reveal that Wall Street, as Hegel would say, “simply does not know what it is doing.”
We know that nearly all the financial conditions that led to the economic crisis were the same in Canada as they were in the United States with a single, glaring exception: Canada did not deregulate its banks and financial sector, and, as a consequence, Canada avoided the worst of the economic crisis that continues to warp the infrastructure of American life. Nothing but fierce and smart government regulation can head off another American economic crisis in the future. This is not a matter of “balancing” the interests of free-market inventiveness against the need for stability; nor is it a matter of a clash between the ideology of the free-market versus the ideology of government control. Nor is it, even, a matter of a choice between neo-liberal economic theory and neo-Keynesian theory. Rather, as Hegel would have insisted, regulation is the force of reason needed to undo the concoctions of fantasy.
J.M. Bernstein is University Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at the New School for Social Research and the author of five books. He is now completing a book entitled “Torture and Dignity.”
The Stock Market Continues to Take a Beating, Should You Really Just Stay the Course?
Are you tired of hearing it yet? Most advisors and personal finance gurus continue to urge investors to stay the course, invest for the long run, and everything will be fine. Of course we know this is what history and conventional wisdom tells us, but when you're seeing your nest egg drop by 5% in a single day, and drop by 30% or more in just a year, it can be quite annoying to keep hearing everyone tell you just to sit tight. Besides, it's not their money, so what do they care if your account is dropping like a rock?
I've been meeting with a ton of people over the past few weeks, and I've encountered almost every type of investor you can imagine. I'm working with 25 year olds who are just getting started, to people who have already filed their paperwork to retire in a few weeks. As you can imagine, there is a big difference in priorities when you compare someone with 40 years until retirement with someone who will start drawing their pension and Social Security in a matter of weeks. But even with such different scenarios, the concerns are the same. Where is the market headed?
Everything from Opportunity to Complete Disaster
Depending on who you are and how close you are to retirement, you might view this situation as a great opportunity, or a complete disaster that's going to force you to delay retirement. I've had some people in my office this week recognize the long-term opportunity and increase their contributions to their retirement plan significantly. I've also had people in my office that completely break down and start crying because of the impact this is having on their lives.
It's easy for pundits to say what a tremendous buying opportunity this is, and it is true that if you have a number of years before needing the money, you will be rewarded. But when you're talking about someone who's already spent the last 20 or 30 years building up their portfolio, the market declines can far outweigh the benefits of buying a few investments on sale. If you have a $200,000 portfolio that drops 30% in a year, that $60,000 loss looks far greater than the $10,000 you might have contributed during that time. When people look at it that way, it's easy to see why investors are quick to discount the boring advice of staying the course and continuing to invest.
Many Investors Act Like the Companies We're Bailing Out
Many people right now would like to see financial company executives dragged into the street to be drawn and quartered after the government bails their companies out when they made bad decisions based on greed. But what most people fail to realize is that they often do the exact same thing when it comes to their own finances.
That's right, if you're portfolio is in bad shape right now, there's a chance it is due to greed. People love to chase returns, and most investors do so not by trying to time the market, but by taking on more risk when times are good, while ignoring the possible downside and getting burned when things reverse course. Just like banks took on excessive risk lending to people, when the money was there, why not? The same is true for many investors. When the stock market is on a roll, people will gladly move out of their comfort zone to take advantage of the market. If the market has been returning 12-15% per year, why not take on a little more risk to grab some better returns?
And then, just like the bell tolled for the banks who took on too much risk, the same thing happens to investors. The market turns sour, and suddenly people who got greedy and tried to take a little more risk in the market are faced with losses they aren't comfortable with. When you play with fire, you get burned.
Proper Asset Allocation is More Important Than Ever
This is where most people fail and struggle to find answers. I meet with a lot of people who are inside of five years until retirement, yet they come in upset that their 90% stock portfolio took a big hit. Of course, I always ask why they are so heavy in stocks if they are so close to retirement and can't stomach the losses. The answer is almost always the same. Somewhere between 2003-2005, most people abandoned their recommended asset allocation in favor of holding more stocks because the market was doing well. They talk about how little interest the bond funds and fixed accounts were paying, so they figured it was better to own more stock. They soon found out that doing so creates a case of feast or famine.
That doesn't mean you can't be close to retirement and invest heavily in stocks, but for most people who are so shocked about the losses they're seeing, it's obviously more risk than they are willing to take. It's important to remember that if you create a diversified portfolio, you're probably not going to capture all of the gains in a bull market, but more importantly, you're also not going to realize all the losses in a bear market. This is exactly what a diversified portfolio is supposed to do, but if you abandon your plan because you get greedy and want to reap the rewards of taking on a little more risk, you have to realize that things can and do change course, and with that risk comes the potential for greater loss.
The Past 20 Years of Investment Returns
You Can't Time the Market as Well as You Think
People who don't want to stay the course and bail out of stocks think that they can beat the market. Is it true that if you dumped everything in favor of a money market or fixed account that you can virtually guarantee no future losses? Sure, but who's to say you're getting out at the right time? For all we know, the day after you make this decision, the market begins to stabilize and recover, and you're left holding the bag on a fund with a 3.5% APY while the market made up 10% of its losses in just a week.
The way I see it, is that if you didn't see the peak of the market back in October of 2007 and it took you a year of losses to make a decision to get out, what is the likelihood that you'll be able to spot the exact bottom of the market and jump back in so you can recover all of the losses? Very slim. If it takes another six months or longer of a market recovery before you decide to get back in, you just missed the boat, and you're going to be selling low and buying high.
So What Should You Do?
I can't tell you what the best thing is to do, but before taking any drastic action you should ask yourself a few questions. Why are you upset over the recent performance? Is it because you're close to retirement and holding too much in stocks? Is it because you've taken on more risk in the past few years and realize it might have been a mistake? Or are you just upset that you're losing money even though you're doing everything right?
It doesn't matter what your situation is, but you need to recognize what is causing you to feel this way so that you can remedy the situation so that it doesn't happen in the future. This might mean readjusting your portfolio, putting more money into bonds, or even increasing how much you're investing. If you're doing all the right things, taking on the appropriate level of risk, and understand the role each investment plays in your financial plan, then staying the course isn't such a bad thing after all. But if you're doing the wrong things and are taking more risk than you're willing to stomach, it might be time for a change. Just make sure you understand the ramifications of the change and that you have all the information necessary to make an informed decision instead of reacting to headlines or sound bites on TV.
Author: Jeremy Vohwinkle My name is Jeremy Vohwinkle, and I've spent a number of years working in the finance industry providing financial advice to regular investors and those participating in employer-sponsored retirement plans. Twitter Facebook Google+
To prevent fraudulent bidding, we require a credit card to place a bid on any auction item. Payment types accepted include American Express, Visa, MasterCard and Discover.
The credit card will be authorized to ensure it is valid. A temporary transaction will appear on the card for approximately $4.00 from NBA Auctions. This authorization is temporary and will be automatically deleted within 7 days as determined by your financial institution.
The credit card on file will be automatically processed to pay for the auction item if you are the successful auction winner.
Buyer pays all shipping costs as determined at the time of sale.
Buyer pays all applicable, tariffs, duties and any additional costs associated with shipping inside or outside of North America (if any).
Buyer is responsible for paying all applicable taxes to the proper jurisdiction (if any).
As the scandal surrounding Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore reached a fever pitch this week, First Daughter and chief adviser to the president Ivanka Trump weighed in. Speaking to the Associated Press last Wednesday, Ivanka stated that she believed Moore's accusers, saying, “There is a special place in hell for people who prey on children. I've yet to see a valid explanation, and I have no reason to doubt the victims' accounts.”
Multiple women have now come forward to say Moore either pursued them or sexually assaulted them when they were teens. At the outset of the revelations, Trump was dead silent on the matter.
But this Tuesday, Trump broke with many Republicans and affirmed his support for the embattled candidate. Trump's main rationale for supporting Moore is the fact that he denies the allegations and that the alleged incidents occurred a long time ago.
Ivanka Trump said there is a special place in hell for people like Roy Moore Donald Trump just told the people of Alabama to vote for him — Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) November 21, 2017
“He totally denies it. He says it didn't happen,” Trump told reporters as he left for another Mar-a-Lago vacation. “I do have to say, 40 years is a long time.”
“I can tell you one thing for sure, Trump added. “We don't need a liberal person in there, a Democrat — Jones. I've looked at his record. It's terrible on crime. It's terrible on the border. It's terrible on the military.”
Last week, the Republican National Committee withdrew its support for Moore and both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan have called on Moore to drop out of the race.
“These allegations are credible,” Ryan said, adding, “He should step aside.
From the Los Angeles Times:
With his long-anticipated comments Tuesday, Trump echoed some Moore supporters, including Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey, who put partisan concerns above the character issues surrounding Moore. They argue that a Republican senator is needed to support Trump's agenda and judicial nominees. Polls show Moore in a tight race with Democrat Doug Jones ahead of the Dec. 12 special election, but the Republican has lost significant ground in the solidly conservative state.
Special place in hell or not, Trump left open the possibility of hitting the campaign trail for the Alabama judge.
“I'll be letting you know next week,” Trump said.
[H/T Judd Legum] Featured image via Flickr
AL-LAFITAAT, Egypt (Reuters) - Egypt's army says it is crushing Islamist militants in the Sinai Peninsula, but in the region's villages and towns a victory for the state feels a long way off.
A Palestinian work inside a smuggling tunnel flooded by Egyptian forces, beneath the Egyptian-Gaza border in Rafah, in the southern Gaza Strip in this February 19, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Ibraheem Abu Mustafa/Files
In a rare visit to eight villages in Northern Sinai last week, a Reuters reporter saw widespread destruction caused by army operations, but also found evidence that a few hundred militants are successfully playing a cat-and-mouse game with the Arab world's biggest army and are nowhere near defeat. It is increasingly difficult for foreign correspondents to openly enter conflict zones in the Sinai.
Residents say the militants - a mix of Egyptian Islamists, foreign fighters and disgruntled youth - have seized control of about a third of the villages in the region and are now taking their fight closer to Cairo.
“The army is in control of the main roads but is unable to enter many villages. It can only attack them by helicopter,” said Mustafa Abu Salman, who lives near al-Bars village.
“Even when the army's armored personnel vehicles enter villages they fail to arrest militants who have better knowledge of the place, which the military completely lacks.”
Many residents say that the authorities' military operations are actually creating new enemies for the state.
The fight against militant Islam is a key test for the interim government in Cairo. Sinai-based militants stepped up attacks on police and soldiers last year, soon after Egypt's army toppled Islamist President Mohamed Mursi and tried him on a wide range of charges. The violence has left 300 people dead and hammered Egypt's economy, which has not recovered from the political turmoil that began in early 2011 when a popular uprising ousted Hosni Mubarak.
The army and the government say they are beating the militants. In an attempt to stop the illegal flow of arms, Egyptian authorities have destroyed thousands of tunnels that ran under the border between Egypt and the Gaza Strip, which borders North Sinai. Almost every night, Apache helicopters fire rockets at suspected Islamist militant hideouts in the houses and farms of the largely lawless peninsula, a 61,000 sq km (24,000 sq mile) area wedged between the Suez Canal to the west and Israel and Gaza to the east.
“We are doing an extremely good job but that does not mean we have completely ended terrorism,” army spokesman Ahmed Ali told Reuters. “It is a vicious war because the terrorists have light and heavy weapons. The lives of the people in Sinai are of great importance for the armed forces and they are seen as the foundation for national security in that area.”
Army chief Field Marshal Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who is expected to become Egypt's next president, owes much of his popularity to his ouster of Mursi's Muslim Brotherhood and his tough stance against the militants.
Sisi has described the Sinai operation as an ongoing security campaign to rid the region of extremists and criminals. The Sinai, he has said, is a top security priority.
So far, though, local residents say the military is making little progress. The army's blunt tactic of rocketing suspected hideouts is failing, they say, because the militants have mastered the terrain. They move around villages using alleyways where it is difficult to spot them from the air, and mix with civilians or hide in olive groves. The effort to stop the flow of weapons is also a struggle, they say, in large part because smugglers are bringing in weapons from Libya. Residents say the number of fighters has decreased in the past few months, partly because many fighters have moved towards the Nile Valley.
“The army has entered a war, but it is not specialized in this type of war, which requires special counter-insurgency forces, not an army,” said Mussab Abu Fajr, a Bedouin leader in the Sinai's main city of al-Arish.
Major-General Samih Bishady, the head of security in North Sinai, said that the army has “killed and arrested many of the wanted in Sinai.” He put the number of active militants remaining there at just 80. At the same time, he and other officials in Cairo agree that many Islamist fighters have moved to the Nile Delta, bringing the conflict much closer to the capital and Egypt's main population centers.
CHANGE OF TACTICS
Standing beside two olive trees outside the village of al-Lafitaat, a senior militant who would be identified only by his initials, S.A., set out the way the groups' tactics have changed.
“At the start of the fighting we used to hide in mountains but now we are present in the villages among residents, because it is safer there,” he said. “When we were in the mountains it was easy for the army to strike us with helicopters. But as long as we are with the people it is hard to reach us.”
S.A. said that he and his fellow fighters use simple home-made bombs such as jam jars stuffed with dynamite. The devices are hidden in olive trees or on the side of road, with desert sand covering detonation cords. He said the militants wait on hilltops for military convoys to pass and then detonate their bombs by remote control, using cellphone identification cards.
“We use cooking cylinders and water jugs and we will pack them with explosives, and connect them to timers and a SIM card and we plant them on roads we know are used by the army,” said S.A.
The threat of roadside bombs has prompted the army to cut mobile phone networks and the Internet during daylight hours when military vehicles move around.
“The militants are dealing with us in haphazard primitive ways and they have entered a dirty war with us,” said a military official in Sinai who declined to be identified.
In an effort to evade the attention of the military, many residents now hang several Egyptian flags on their homes as a gesture of loyalty to the state.
Ahmed Abu Gerida, who lives in al-Bars village, said militants sometimes hide in civilians' houses to avoid detection. “They hang up women's clothes, including bras and underwear, because they know the army will hesitate to approach Bedouin women,” he said. “One time soldiers entered one of these homes and found a storage place for explosives and blew up the house.”
Air strikes, launched almost daily since Mursi's fall, have hammered villages like al-Lafitaat, where all 12 single-storey cement houses have been destroyed or heavily damaged over the past few months. Some were reduced to a few beams, while others were burnt out, their ceilings collapsed. Residents fled, leaving behind a handful of sheep.
One woman named Ni'imaa stood next to the remnants of her house with her two children, after returning a few days earlier to retrieve her belongings. She collected a pillow, a mattress, some dishes and a small stove and placed them in a pick-up truck. She said the army killed her husband, who she said was not a militant, four months ago.
“We want to go to a safe spot with my children. As you can see a rocket destroyed half of my house and I will not wait until the other half gets destroyed.”
Army spokesman Ali said: “We try by all ways to avoid having innocent civilian casualties during these clashes with the terrorists. The terrorists use these tactics of targeting civilians so that they can make the armed forces lose the support of the people in Sinai. There are some losses in the clashes that are caused by extremists.”
“BETWEEN TWO FIRES”
Residents have become familiar with the rituals of the conflict. Every day at 4pm the army closes the main streets in every village. At night, a buzzing noise overhead is a sign that rockets may follow. Sinai residents and some Egyptian security officials believe the noise is made by drones, perhaps from Israel; Islamist militant groups in the Sinai are seen as a security threat to the Jewish state.
Asked if Israeli combat aircraft operate over Egypt, a senior Israeli military officer said: “No.”
The Egyptian military says it does not target civilians. A military officer at a checkpoint in al-Masoura village said the army only attacks villages which are occupied by militants.
“Some innocents die but at the hands of terrorists not us.”
But residents say the military campaign is fanning resentment in a population that already felt neglected by the central government. The Bedouin population has long accused the Egyptian authorities of neglecting the Sinai region, failing to provide basic services and jobs.
“The military operations hit the wanted and unwanted,” said Mona Barhouma, who lives in Rafah and complains that innocent people are regularly killed.
Even residents who are opposed to militants say they are scared to cooperate with the army, which has appealed for tips to find the fighters.
Sheikh Hassan Khalaf, who heads the Sawarka tribe in Sinai, said 35 Sinai residents who gave the army information on militants had been shot dead in the past three months. The army confirmed the shooting, but not the numbers involved.
Many people feel trapped between both sides.
“We are between two fires. If we report the terrorists to the army, the militants will kill us the next day,” said Subayha, a Bedouin who said that she and her children struggle to sleep because of army shelling in her village of al-Mahdiya. For safety, they sometimes sleep outside the gates of a building that houses international peacekeepers, she says.
“If we remain silent the army considers us allies of the terrorists and can start attacking our villages,” said Subayha.
Cuts to the mobile phone network and Internet have added to public frustration.
SISI'S BIG CHALLENGE
Aside from responding to calls for holy war, militants are given worldly incentives, according to residents and security officials. They say leaders offer young recruits wives, money and homes in return for a commitment to carry out suicide bombings. “They have the good life for a few months and are promised it will only get better in paradise after the operation,” said Bishady, the head of security in North Sinai.
Egyptian security officials say combatants include Egyptian fighters as well as some from Hamas, the Palestinian group that controls the Gaza Strip, and from Afghanistan. They believe some of the Egyptian fighters spent time in Taliban-controlled areas in Pakistan, returning after the election of Mursi in 2012.
The army-backed government accused Mursi of allowing militancy to flourish in the Sinai by freeing hardcore Islamists from jail. Security chief Bishady said that during Mursi's rule he saw presidential vehicles transport officials to meetings with Islamists. Army officials also say those talks took place.
Khalaf, the Sawarka tribal leader, said he saw Mohamed al-Zawahri, the brother of al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawihri, in a presidential car. Sinai police were not allowed to approach the convoys or meetings, said Khalaf.
Senior Muslim Brotherhood official Mohamed Saleh told Reuters: “There is no evidence of this. It is all lies spread in an attempt to hurt the reputation of the Muslim Brotherhood. We have never associated in our history with any groups that hurt Egypt.”
Wael Haddara, a senior adviser to Mursi while he was president, said Mursi's public “efforts to reach out to bona fide tribal elders and leaders” might now be “cast as a meeting with terrorists”. The Brotherhood has said it released prisoners when it was in power because the prisoners had been unfairly tried or had served their sentences.
At the same time, senior Brotherhood leader Mohamed el-Beltagy said last year after Mursi's fall that the violence in the Sinai would stop if the army reversed what the Muslim Brotherhood calls a coup.
Slideshow (4 Images)
The big fear is that the conflict is spreading. Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, the best-known Sinai-based militant group, has claimed responsibility for several high-profile attacks in Cairo in recent months, including a suicide bombing that failed to kill the interior minister last September. The group also said it shot down a military helicopter in January, killing five soldiers.
An army official in Cairo said the Sinai militants had made a strategic move to shift operations to other places in Egypt. If Sisi becomes president, the attacks are most probably going to increase, as in militants' eyes, Egypt will be “officially run by a military regime,” he said.
“This will be the biggest challenge to Sisi's rule.”
"Mary Jane Paul is a fucking boss. She's balancing a demanding career, complicated family, and flawed love life with all of the grace she can muster — which isn't much. MJ's reached her breaking point multiple times throughout 'Being Mary Jane's' two seasons, but what makes her badass is how much she reflects on and owns her mistakes, and encourages us all to do the same. Plus, her cushy job as the primetime anchor for a fictional cable news network affords her all of the perks career ladies seek: A gorgeous home, fast-and-flashy car, and all of the Christian Louboutin pumps she can fit in her giant closet. And even though a healthy relationship eludes her, she refuses to apologize for her success. Now, that's a bad bitch." —
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Lukács said the U of M awarded a PhD in mathematics in October to an individual who lacked the academic requirements, who failed a critical exam twice, and was then informed he didn't have to take the exam.
"The hard-working students who toil for years to earn their PhDs deserve better than this."
Gábor Lukács said the U of M is demeaning the reputation of other PhD students and the professors who teach them. "The shadow of suspicion that the present case casts on all other, hard-working students who did fulfil their requirements bothers me a lot," Lukács said.
Students and professors at the University of Manitoba are rallying around a math professor who has been suspended for three months without pay after he took legal action to overturn the university's decision to award a PhD to a student who hadn't met all the requirements.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 29/10/2010 (3041 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 29/10/2010 (3041 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
DAVID LIPNOWSKI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS ARCHIVES U of M math Prof. Gábor Lukács believes integrity of PhD program is at stake. Colleagues and students are supporting him.
Students and professors at the University of Manitoba are rallying around a math professor who has been suspended for three months without pay after he took legal action to overturn the university's decision to award a PhD to a student who hadn't met all the requirements.
Gábor Lukács said the U of M is demeaning the reputation of other PhD students and the professors who teach them. "The shadow of suspicion that the present case casts on all other, hard-working students who did fulfil their requirements bothers me a lot," Lukács said.
"The hard-working students who toil for years to earn their PhDs deserve better than this."
Lukács said the U of M awarded a PhD in mathematics in October to an individual who lacked the academic requirements, who failed a critical exam twice, and was then informed he didn't have to take the exam.
Lukács said he's gone to court because the dean violated the U of M's own regulations and the University of Manitoba Act when he overruled academic staff opposed to the decision.
"This causes incredible damage to the reputation of the university and to its academic integrity," Lukács said, adding two other math students received PhDs this month and they could be suspected of not having earned them.
A Queen's Bench judge this week imposed an order prohibiting identifying the student involved in the dispute. A hearing was set for Nov. 30.
More than 80 students have signed a petition in support of Lukács while a fellow professor resigned from the math graduate studies committee over the dispute. Meanwhile, another math professor, George Glatzer, submitted a supporting affidavit for Lukács' court challenge.
U of M spokesman John Danakas said the university would not comment on a personnel matter or on the court case as it won't allow personal health and private information about a student to be disclosed publicly.
"There are certainly avenues within the (university) system to address academic issues," Danakas said. "But disclosing one individual's private information shouldn't be necessary in addressing those issues."
However, what is known is that the student claimed he suffered from text/exam anxiety.
The University of Manitoba's disability services office last year registered 136 students who have medical certification that they suffer exam anxiety and must be accommodated with some other form of evaluation. Both U of M and the University of Winnipeg offer a wide range of options for dealing with such a disorder that range from writing the test alone, with one supervisor in the room; taking an oral test; having more time to complete the test; writing an assignment that demonstrates knowledge of the subject.
Lukács said after he exhausted all of his appeals at the U of M, he decided in September to apply for a judicial review of the following: the decision to waive the requirement for an exam; the decision to upgrade the student's undergraduate course; to obtain an injunction against the U of M granting the student a PhD until he fulfils all the requirements; and challenging the jurisdiction of the dean of graduate studies.
Lukács said the court actions prompted U of M president David Barnard to suspend him for three months without pay on the grounds he violated the student's privacy by disclosing personal and health information to the court, and that the court action amounted to harassment of the student.
The U of M faculty association is grieving the suspension without pay but Lukács said he believes the university plans to fire him.
"The administration does not want to admit it made a mistake and prefers to attempt to intimidate me and my colleagues," he said.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
Lukács said he loves teaching at the U of M. He's now questioning his efforts to restore the university's integrity.
"I am a mathematician not a lawyer," Lukács said. "I do not want to spend my career on fixing a university against the will of its administration."
Lukács, 27, is a one-time child math prodigy who began university at the age of 12, received his master's degree at 16 and earned his PhD from York University in Toronto at 20.
In 2009, he scored a victory for airline passengers when he challenged Air Canada's policy that it wasn't responsible for lost or damaged luggage. Acting on Lukács' complaint, the Canadian Transport Agency ruled Air Canada's policy violated international conventions and ordered it to change its policies.
aldo.santin@freepress.mb.ca
MOSCOW (AP) — A 3-year-old girl was the only survivor of a plane crash in far eastern Russia, which killed six people Wednesday, officials said.
An L-410 twin-engine turboprop crashed while trying to land at a small airport near the village of Nelkan. The aircraft, which belonged to regional carrier Khabarovsk Airlines, was on a regular flight to Nelkan from Khabarovsk, the regional center which is near a border with China.
The Investigative Committee said two crewmembers and four passengers died. The girl survived the crash with non-life threatening injuries, including fractures and a concussion, and will be flown to Khabarovsk for treatment.
Regional governor, Vyacheslav Shport, said the girls' parents weren't on the flight, adding that she was heading to visit her grandmother and was accompanied by a teacher.
Russian television stations showed images of the wrecked plane in a forest. Investigators were looking at adverse weather, a crew error or technical malfunctions as possible reasons behind the crash.
The L-410 is a Czech-made short-range aircraft developed in the 1960s. A few regional airlines in Russia use such planes, among other international operators.
by
As the final months of the 2016 election are upon us, It's important to remember that the rank and file of the social and labor movements may well be decisive. And, it is activists and organizers that will shape the post-election world. Will we continue to build a vibrant pro-democracy opposition? The corporate power that governs the US, and the emergent fascism that corporate rule has produced, will not be challenged by voting alone.
Participatory democracy is the key to the revival and reconstruction of representative democracy.
The labor and social movements have the power to change America. Any effective response to the established order will begin and end in the social movements. Votes alone are puny things.
It may well be that the best thing people can do is to build their movement and community. Make their organizations and neighborhoods more sustainable, more effective, more democratic and more disruptive to the normal course of corporate power.
We are in desperate need of grassroots rebellion and empowerment on many fronts and for many reasons. And, the social moments remain the best source of people with the capacity and vision to undertake electoral work as transformative project.
The Green Party is the electoral wing of the social movements. They have distilled popular oppositional politics into a compelling platform, but they did not invent it alone — decades of struggle from many social moments did. And now, the Berners — who created the largest social movement electoral campaign in American history since the Republican Party was formed — have joined the Green Party in large numbers. Together we are poised to make history by building a pro-democracy movement that can challenge the decaying political machines.
The struggle of low wage and contingent workers is mustering new people and new ideas in the pursuit of economic democracy. Occupy reshaped popular discourse and mass perceptions regarding class realities in America and rediscovered the promise of participatory democracy. Ferguson and #BlackLivesMatter brought racism roaring back into national consciousness and trained our eyes on the penal system and mass incarceration. The environmental movement, from Idle No More, to Food and Water Watch to 350 have found a diverse mass activist base that is trying to wake us up and tell us what time it is.
It is far too late for horse trading. Too late for more of the same. Too late for fear.
The power of the social movements to effect elections is largely based on our ability to disturb the peace. Beneath the appearance of contest the major parties enjoy a kind of power-sharing arrangement. Gerrymandering, regional strongholds, machine politics and the many legal limits on real political competition have created something akin to a dual one-party system. Each party is master of its own domain but both are committed to the corporate power. True battleground states are few.
Our power originates in our ability to disrupt and threaten triangulation, upsetting the harmony that allows the corporate power, empire, mass media and the penal system to continue undisturbed. Ramping up our ability to organize and conduct massive non-violent civil disobedience and protest is essential.
Without a vigorous outside movement all the electoral efforts, be it Bernie's new organization , Our Revolution or Jill Stein's courageous campaign, will fall short of their full potential because we need a living alternative, a credible threat of exit, and sustained pressure from millions of activists engaged on the local level.
This is not necessarily an endorsement of loosely defined tactics that simply disrupts random motorists, although that seems a popular choice. Aim at a constituency with movement building in mind — not just some vague public. Do not surrender your communications to be carried — one way only— by the corporate media. We need to upset the system in ways that brings us into direct contact with the people we want to organize and mobilize. How else can we learn from them?
If You are not Part of the Solution, You are Part of the Problem
We do need to stare straight at the most glaring contradiction of the social and labor movements. While the movement has the potential to provide the spark, many established organizations representing workers, women, GLTBQ, students, people of color and the peace and environmental movement are wedded to the Clinton machines and conventional political wisdom of “get in early” or lesser of two evils. And, much of the urgency and innovation of recent unrest has fallen on deaf ears of those in command of social and labor organizations.
The AFT's premature endorsement of Clinton is a case in point. Sixteen long months before the election, a small group of union officials repeated the old standard strategy of “get in early.” What did we get in return? Does getting in early increase leverage or surrender to triangulation?
Evoking “electability” they turned away for the promise of Bernie Sanders and tilted the primary toward Clinton.
Thirty years of the corporatization of education should have taught us a few things. First, that the assault has come from mainstream Democrats as well as from Republicans. Both parties have slashed education budgets and undermined the status and compensation for teachers. This bi-partisan consensus hides the deep structural consequences of corporate domination while shifting blame to teachers and students.
“Running it like a business” demands lower wages and contingent work, unprecedented student debt levels for higher education, high stakes and standardized testing, greater centralization and routinization of curriculum, and the punitive discipline of entire school systems just to name just a few corporate reforms.
Meanwhile the real culprits of childhood poverty, institutionalized racism, the school to prison pipeline, the disruption to family life caused by falling labor standards, chronic unemployment and low wages are invisible to corporate “reformers.”
In other words, the problems of education are the same problems we all face when our economy and government serve the corporate power and not the people.
Can this be reversed by the early and uncritical endorsement of one of the architects of the system? The AFT's endorsement signals either that the union is an “easy mark” and/or consider itself to be part of the system.
An effective inside/outside strategy would have at very least included a national discussion and voting by the members of the AFT. But union managers too often fear disruptive politics even though it's the only real leverage unions have ever had or ever will have. At its very best, getting in early is a receipt for limited concessions at the price of the ongoing corporatization of education. We need democracy.
The Real Leaders
There is a real saving grace here: we the people and the many thousands of solid union members of the AFT will have their say. Many supported Sanders in the stolen primary and millions seem ready to go Green.
How can this unresponsiveness to “we the people” be seen outside of the long slow decline of labor or the defensive posture of the official social and student movement organizations? And, what is the remedy outside of the challenging work of grassroots activism, participation, organizing and dissent?
What better example than the case of “Mayor 1%” himself, Rahm Emanuel. Emanuel is a longstanding leader of the Democratic party with deep connections with both the Clinton and Obama administrations. He is an unswerving servant of Wall Street and former financier; a major proponent of expanding the drug war and an architect of mass incarceration under Clinton; he also led the charge to cut welfare for the poor using austerity arguments later aimed at public employees, teachers, students and well, everyone.
Emanuel is one of the strongest proponent of triangulation consistently pushing national politics to the right by supporting pro-war democrats and cheerleading for war. He tips his hat to abortion rights, gay marriage, and gun control giving just enough to win support for his core mission of corporate power. No wonder the corporate media loves this guy praising him, amazingly, as a liberal courageously “not pandering” to special interests.
Even in defeat, the 2015 challenge from Jesus ‘Chuy' Garcia showed how unstable triangulation is becoming. Garcia was a relative unknown and a working-class immigrant from Mexico. Even without money Garcia was a threat because the campaign stood on years of movement building and organizing. Amisha Patel captures it perfectly:
What Chicago's various social movements have built did not materialize over the course of one election cycle and cannot be understood as just a set of electoral strategies, clever tactics or shrewd messaging. For years, Chicago has been an epicenter of militant, grassroots organizing that has come to deeply resonate with working class families. A long-term transformative vision lies at the heart of this organizing, taking aim at oppressive systems and corporate interests that exploit and divide people along lines of class and race.
Well, there it is. Can we take the Chicago model national?
We Created It, We Can Change It
The political system is a human artifact that will respond toward the direction of power. A stronger, larger movement will increase our capacity to pull, push and pivot all along the line — from your local union or community group, to the Green Party, to the insider working with Bernie to wean the Democrats away from the Clinton machine and Wall Street.
The point of the strategy first proposed over a year ago in Toward a Transformative Electoral Strategy is not to find the perfect candidate or political purity but to create a strategic framework to assess and guide our activism. Instead of endless debate, we should express our “truth” through the political work of building “truth-power.” [1] Speak truth, yes, but in the language of power.
Without movement building, without an inside/outside strategy we can not expect our activism to yield results any different from the past.
It is hard to know how long triangulation and minor concessions will maintain order. It is very likely that the crisis will deepen on every front making the risk of conventional behavior greater than the risk of independent, creative action.
This much we can be assured of: history has not come to an end.
Yes, it is unlikely that electoral work alone will lead to social transformation but it is an important arena — an opportunity we cannot afford to abandon.
Long ago in a time of sweeping change, social movements and third parties upset and transformed the American electoral system. Then came the Civil War. Given the choice of revolution or disaster, the Party of Lincoln embraced the rebellion of runaway slaves and followed the leadership of freedom fighters, black and white, to destroy slavery. Lincoln's actions were first and foremost strategic and political but helped make a revolution. With all the failures of emancipation and Reconstruction, there was no going back.
We could do far worse. And maybe far better.
Notes.
[1] Gandhi's innovative use of non-violence was to fuse politics to love or moral truth. He called the concept of satyagraha. Satyagraha is love-force or truth-force which the American civil rights movement revised into soul-force. The civil rights movement spoke truth to power but in the language of non-violent force: sit-ins, occupations, marches, strikes, picket-lines, boycotts.
Miitomo, Nintendo's sophisticated new smartphone app, is a hybrid of free-to-play game and social network. By combining aspects of each, it becomes a disarming information gathering project. On its face, it makes a game of asking trivia questions about your friends and shares the answers with you. Under the surface, it uses the framing and rewards structure of a free-to-play game to encourage you to expose personal information to as many people as possible. I worry that Miitomo makes eroding your privacy into a game.
Miitomo is built around icebreaker questions. “What's the best thing about cats?” is one of the first questions every user gets. A question I saw early on was “What do you do to relieve stress?” Many of the questions are silly conversation starters: “If you could travel through time, where and when would you go first?”
Your friends see a random selection of the questions you choose to answer, and they can like or comment on your answers. Unlike most social media networks, however, all of the discussion on Miitomo is on Nintendo's terms. There's no way to post anything but a direct answer to one of Miitomo's specific prompts and no way to see what your friends have posted in chronological order. You can defy this structure by giving nonsense answers and posting those to social media, but Miitomo pays you a tangible currency to keep answering.
While most social media networks rely on a positive feedback loop of likes and reblogs to keep people hooked on their service, Miitomo goes a step further. You get coins and prize tickets for adding friends, answering questions, replying to your friends' answers, and posting answers your friends like and discuss. You get coins for connecting Miitomo to your Facebook or Twitter to add friends. You gain “Social Levels” for posting answers your friends engage with, earning you even more rewards. Those coins and prize tickets can, in turn, be used to buy cosmetic items for your Mii to show off in Miifotos, earning you more positive feedback and more rewards. Some of those rewards can even be exchanged for free or discounted Wii U or 3DS games, if you go through the circuitous process of connecting your Nintendo eShop account to Miitomo. You're directly rewarded for adding as many friends, friends of friends, and acquaintances to Miitomo as you can.
Advertisement
Many of the questions funnel users toward Nintendo's desired topics. “What's the best thing about cats?” Nintendo would say it's the fact that—for a limited time only!—you can spend coins and tickets to play Miitomo Drop, a pachinko game that can randomly unlock cat-themed items for your Mii avatar. There's a very good chance the first things you will see when opening Miitomo are an ad for Miitomo Drop, your Mii asking you about cats, and a picture of one of your friends, dressed like a cat-themed party clown.
Numerous questions are personally identifying — “Where do you live?”— or potentially embarrassing —“What have you done recently that you regret?” “Have you made any big mistakes recently?” Only the people you have friended on Miitomo can see your answers, but all of the incentives encourage you to have a wide social network added on Miitomo. You want friends, friends of friends, and casual acquaintances to see and interact with your answers. The probing questions and free-to-play-style rewards push you to share and over-share.
Advertisement
Miitomo frames all of this as a natural extension of conversation between you and your friends when clearly it's anything but. My friend's avatar, using a computerized approximation of his voice, asking me about the latest commercials is disarming, which means I don't immediately notice that it's suspiciously similar to a marketing survey. My friend even happens to be a professional musician. Does that affect which questions Miitomo puts in his mouth? No way to be sure. He definitely didn't choose this question to ask me, since there's no way to choose which questions your friends are asked.
Regardless of what Nintendo does with the answers, Miitomo is crafted to bypass any qualms you'd normally have about answering penetrating questions.
Answer enough questions, and patterns start to emerge. “How often do you buy a new cell phone?” “What clothing store would you recommend?” Many of the questions are suspiciously targeted at getting you to reveal demographic information or talk about your consumption habits. Harvesting this sort of information is typical on social media networks, but Miitomo's leading questions and artificial intimacy create an ideally suited space.
Advertisement
To develop and run the game, Nintendo partnered with DeNA Co., a Japanese mobile gaming firm known for its rigorous, detailed analysis of how player moods and behavior affect their buying habits. In addition, in an earnings call from last year, Nintendo President Tatsumi Kimishima described the company's plans for the Nintendo service, including using members' “profile, purchase records and play records” to send “notices and gifts”, including “membership service benefits in other real-life facilities such as theme parks, movie theaters and retail outlets.” This earnings call had one of Nintendo's earliest detailed descriptions of Miitomo, then described as part of a plan to “push forward the Nintendo membership service.”
There's no way to know exactly what Nintendo does with the data Miitomo collects. Nintendo of America chose not to comment when I asked, referring only to the in-game Miitomo FAQ, which focuses on explaining the game's features. According to their (industry-standard) privacy policy, they do reserve the right to analyze and resell this data, similar to the many social networks that openly seek marketing partners. Regardless of what Nintendo does with the answers, Miitomo is crafted to bypass any qualms you'd normally have about answering penetrating questions.
Advertisement
UPDATE - 6:14pm, May 16: Nintendo has decided to comment after all: “The goal of our Miitomo questions is to spark fun conversations with your friends and for you to discover new facts about them as they answer the questions being posed. That's why Miitomo generally avoids yes or no questions. As to the answer information our consumers provide through the Miitomo app, it is only used to provide a better experience for Nintendo consumers and to support the application. Neither Nintendo nor any of its partners sells or shares that answer information for any other purposes.”
Miitomo tries to create a trusted, intimate space to disarm your suspicions about questions that would be very convenient for data collection, but in doing so it also encourages you to share potentially damaging facts about yourself. Nintendo treats this erosion of privacy as just part of the fun. In Japanese television advertisements for Miitomo, a student discovers that her classmate is secretly moonlighting as a luchadora. In the ad, Nintendo presents this discovery as a positive one, but it's easy to imagine there could be more damaging consequences.
Advertisement
Miitomo feels like a surveillance camera with a friendly face. It's just enough of a social media network to encourage you to reveal what coincidentally happens to be resellable personal information. It's just enough of a game to reward you for playing along and encouraging your friends to play along too. In combination, it's a uniquely intrusive social network, launched at a time when other social media networks are struggling with malicious users combing through people's profiles for information that can be used against them. Nintendo's new smartphone app isn't like its previous, clumsy online efforts, but this new, seductive, invasive Nintendo is hardly nicer.
Jay Allen is a freelance cultural critic and cat roommate.
These days it's hard to find much you can buy for less than a dollar, but on Thursday, Oct. 6, nine early risers can get a flat screen TV for 99 cents. It's just one of the promotions for the 99-Cent Only Store grand opening in Roseville.
The store opens its doors at 8 a.m. Oct. 6 and the first nine customers in line will receive a Philips 22-inch flat screen LCD TV, worth about $230, for pocket change – 99 cents.
And the bargains keep coming, so be sure to get in line.
The next 99 customers in line on Oct. 6 can purchase a scooter, worth about $29, for 99 cents. On Friday, Oct. 7, the first 99 customers can buy an i.Sound iPod Shuffle Tripod for 99 cents. On Saturday, Oct. 8, the first 99 customers can buy a Samba Maracas for Wii for … you guessed it – 99 cents. Deals for the first 99 customers in line continue through Wednesday, Oct. 12 at the Roseville store.
The 22,000-square-foot Roseville store will be the ninth 99-Cent Only Store in the Sacramento area and will also feature a food and produce department.
99-Cent Only Store
1617 Douglas Blvd. in Roseville
Open 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. daily
Info: 99only.com
Toshiba is announcing development of their newest flagship enterprise SSDs, both featuring Toshiba's latest generation of 64-layer 3D BiCS FLASH™ memory. The PM5 is a 12Gbit/s SAS series of drives, while the CM5 is their new enterprise NVMe drive. Both are built with Toshiba's latest 64-layer 3D 3-bit-per-cell enterprise-class TLC (triple-level-cell) BiCS FLASH™, allowing today's demanding storage applications to expand their use of flash via the cost-optimized 3D flash memory. The PM5 and CM5 are raising the bar for enterprise storage performance, and will create new opportunities for users to leverage the benefits and power of flash storage.
The PM5 series is offered in capacities of up to 30.72TB in a 2.5” form factor, with a full range of endurances and capacities, allowing SAS SSDs in data centers to effectively handle big data requirements, while streamlining storage deployment footprints. The PM5 features the industry's first MultiLink SAS architecture, and delivers industry-leading performance to the tune of up to 3350MB/s sequential reads and 2720MB/s sequential writes (in MultiLink mode), as well as random 4K reads of up to 400,000 IOPS (in MultiLink mode). The PM5's 4-port MultiLink design is technology that achieves performance that is close to that of PCIe SSDs, and can be used by legacy storage systems to increase performance significantly without having to re-engineer them from the ground up. The PM5 series also supports multi-stream write technology, which intelligently groups data types together and manages them to minimize write amplification and garbage collection; which translates to lower latency, better endurance, increased performance and improved Quality of Service (QoS).
The CM5 series is a full-featured enterprise SSD series, with a dual-port PCIe Gen3 x4 interface. The CM5 series also supports multi-stream write technology, and is NVMe over Fabric-ready with both scatter-gather list (SGL) and controller memory buffer (CMB) features. The CFB function utilizes a portion of DRAM on the SSD as a host-system memory, which reduces DRAM use on the host-side, and enables high speed as a system. This equates to random 4K read performance of up to 800,000 IOPS, with random 4K write performance of up to 240,000 IOPS (5 DWPD version), or up to 220,000 IOPS (3 DWPD version); either one drawing a maximum of 18W of power.
The CM5 series is also being used as a platform to demonstrate and enable the ecosystem around Persistent Memory Region (PRM) capabilities. PRM allows users to augment system memory with DRAM on the SSD without requiring costly non-volatile NV-DIMMS. This technology allows a single SSD to provide both high-performance storage and persistent memory to meet demanding performance storage requirements, yet significantly lowering costs by moving metadata operations (such as logging, journaling and application staging) to the SSD.
According to Steve Fingerhut, Toshiba's senior vice president and general manager, SSD business unit, “We are proud to be first to market with new enterprise flash innovations to further broaden our enterprise SSD portfolio and re-writing the rules for enterprise SSDs using 3D TLC FLASH. Toshiba's customers demand more out of storage and Toshiba delivers enterprise solutions that fit application needs.”
The PM5 12Gbit/s SAS SSDs are being offered in capacities as low as 400GB, and as high as 30.72TB, all with sanitize instant erase (SIE) and Trusted Computing Group (TCG) compliance. The CM5 NVMe SSDs are being offered in capacities from 800GB up to 15.36TB, also with SIE and TCG. Both series offer industry standard endurance ratings, with options for 1, 3, and 5 DWPD. The PM5 also offers a 10 DWPD version.
Toshiba is sampling both the PM5 and CM5 series to select customers, and they will be demonstrating them this week at the Flash Memory Summit in Santa Clara, California (8/8 though 8/10). You can visit Toshiba at booth #407.
Nick Diaz has already returned from retirement once and sounds as if he's open to do it again. Originally calling it quits following a controversial decision loss to Carlos Condit in Feb. 2012, Diaz returned to contend for Georges St-Pierre's UFC welterweight championship earlier this year at UFC 158.
Now, with St-Pierre coincidentally back gracing Pay-Per-View promos, Diaz says he'll need a real payday to be lured back inside the Octagon. "If I do fight again I want a lot more money," Diaz tells Fighters Only. "I'm living in this ghetto ass apartment because I haven't been making the money that I should have been making." For the record, Diaz reportedly earned $200k in each of his last three fights in the UFC.
Following a subpar training camp leading up to the title bout, Diaz no longer employs Cesar Gracie as a manager, but strictly as a coach. He also affirms that talk of being offered a fight is false. UFC president Dana White told reporters Nov. 9 in Brazil that Diaz had been offered a bout, but that his manager claimed he was retired.
"I've not had a manager since my last fight. I would like people to know that I was never offered any fight [recently]. I haven't had a manager, I told Dana [White] that I didn't want anyone representing me after what happened with my last training camp."
Once insisting that re-investing in his camp was the correct course, Diaz now sounds like more changes could be coming. "Things change, people change. I don't have anything against Cesar but I see the big picture now. Right now what I need is a good fight and a good camp."
5 MUST-READ STORIES
A full deck. John Hendricks says he's never had to show his entire skillset to win a fight, but that he might have to against Georges St-Pierre. "‘He's fighting Kampmann, better striker. ‘He's fighting Condit, a better striker.' Where did I win those fights at? Everybody keeps doubting me, and I love that. I absolutely love that."
Chael & Wandy. Chael Sonnen may be coming around on his old friend, Wanderlei Silva. I don't think he's a liar like the Nogueiras or Vitor [Belfort]. I think when he signs a contract, he means it. So I think the fight is likely going to happen. But he's not in there yet."
20 in 20. Chuck Mindenhall's series reaches 1998. The UFC finds a savior in New Jersey before visiting Brazil and meeting 21-year-old Vitor Belfort.
Royce over Rickson. Rorian Gracie explains why he chose Royce to carry the family name into the Octagon rather than the clan's top fighter in Rickson.
Rampage. Quinton Jackson says the mood at the UFC changed once he fought Chuck Liddell. "The UFC still has some good people that work for them, but overall, it was hard even showing up there and being around a bunch of fake people."
MEDIA STEW
Free Fight: Chris Weidman vs. Anderson Silva at UFC 162.
Top UFC knockouts.
Fighters predict Georges St-Pierre vs. Johny Hendricks.
Hendricks working through some circuits.
Joe Stevenson teaching some techniques to Ryan LaFlare.
Tom Watson undergoing strength testing at Cal State Fullerton.
Rumor has it (via Zane Simon) the UFC has signed Bekbulat Magomedov and Will Chope who could be facing one another at UFC Fight Night 34.
TWEETS
Happy anniversary.
20 years ago @realroyce 's win showed me what I wanted to do for a living! Congrats to all those who make the @UFC this success f/ 20 years! — Demian Maia (@demianmaia) November 12, 2013
Happy official 20 years to the @ufc glad I got to celebrate with you in Detroit a couple weeks ago — Matthew brown (@IamTheImmortal) November 12, 2013
Today @ufc birthday 20 years old and I am very honored to be part of this family for 17 years and I have... http://t.co/zAL9G1QzGv — Vitor Belfort (@vitorbelfort) November 12, 2013
happy birthday 20 years @ufc I'm happy to be part of this history as the first champion featherweight ufc pic.twitter.com/SVz4Sv16C9 — Jose 'Scarface' Aldo (@josealdojunior) November 12, 2013
Awful
ESSA MAI NAO E MINHA KD A MINHA TATUAGEM DA MAO ESQUERDA? minha mão NAO QUEBROU. pic.twitter.com/0DhvO6m7EF — Rony Mariano Bezerra (@RonyJasonMMA) November 12, 2013
Unrelated, yoga pants.
Walking wounded.
Bummer if Varner is out but it doesn't matter who they throw in. I'm ready to scrap with whoever. — Patrick Healy (@BamBamHealy) November 12, 2013
So I guess news is out. I tore my PCL and will need about 4-6 weeks recovery. Good news is I won't need surgery. I'm really bummed tho :( — Kelvin Gastelum (@KelvinGastelum) November 12, 2013
I would believe it.
Interesting, many fighters in Brazil said they would LIKE to be coached by Chael Sonnen. — Dana White (@danawhite) November 12, 2013
Does not look happy.
Good strategy.
Hey @danawhite IS MIKE TYSON GONNA BE AT THE SHOW THIS WEEKEND?! CAN I BEAT SOMEONE UP IN FRONT OF MILE TYSON PLEEEEEEEASE?! — Marcelino Evil (@KCBanditMMA) November 12, 2013
Even got the Caddy.
Watched Say Anything last nite, now this creep @JoeJitsu is holding his iPad outside my window playin Peter Gabriel! pic.twitter.com/zdAd8m89Uw — Lance Palmer (@LancePalmer) November 11, 2013
FIGHT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Announced yesterday (Nov. 12 2013)
Jamie Varner out, Bobby Green vs. Pat Healy at UFC on FOX 9
Kelvin Gastelum out, Ryan LaFlare vs. Court McGee at UFC on FOX 9
Rick Glenn out, Lance Palmer vs. Georgi Karakhanyan at WSOF 7
FANPOST OF THE DAY
Today's Fanpost of the Day comes via leriksson.
WMMA November Week 1 & 2 Recaps - Video of Vicious Knockout Surface
DEEP JEWELS 2 - Sorry haven't been able to find any footage yet. 105lbs: #6 Seo Hee Ham def. #12 Sadae Numata via unanimous decision 115lbs: #8 Mizuki Inoue def. #12 Emi Fujino via unanimous decision (advances to finals) 115lbs: #22 Emi Tomimatsu def. #21 Mika Nagano via unanimous decision (advances to finals) 105lbs: Naho Sugiyama def. Masako Yoshida via unanimous decision However, video of the weigh ins are up. If you're into Japanese women being forced to expose their weight, click here! The order is Mika Nagano, Emi Tomimatsu, Mizuki Inoue, Emi Fujino, Seo Hee Ham, Sade Numata, Naho Sugiyama and Masako Yoshida. I found this weigh in atmosphere super weird, but also kind of cool. We're used to seeing fighters weigh in on a stage with people actually there. This felt like a medical checkup, instead of an event. Also, almost all the fighters didn't have to take all their clothes off (you heard me), and all made weight pretty nonchalantly, except Sadae Numata, who was absolutely shredded (SHE 41...according to Sherdog). That leads me to believe Tomimatsu, Nagano, Sugiyama and maybe even Fujino could drop down a weight class. Japan does put on fights at 100 pounds sometimes (I call it Centuryweight) and there are some tiny women that have fought at 95lbs aka minimumweight before, which I think is the worst weight class name. ...
Check out the rest of the post here.
Found something you'd like to see in the Morning Report? Just hit me up on Twitter @SaintMMA and we'll include it in tomorrow's column.
Today, we're releasing a new Developer Preview 4.1 (DP4.1) of Android Things, with updates for new supported hardware and bug fixes to the platform. Android Things is Google's platform to enable Android Developers to create Internet of Things (IoT) devices, and seamlessly scale from prototype to production.
New hardware
A new Pico i.MX6UL revision B board has been released, which supports many common external peripherals from partners such as Adafruit and Pimoroni. There were some prototype Pico i.MX6UL boards made available to some early beta testers, and these are not compatible with DP4.1.
Improvements
DP4.1 also includes some performance improvements since DP4, such as boot time optimizations that improve the startup time of i.MX7D based hardware. This Developer Preview also includes a version of Google Play Services, specifically optimized for IoT devices. This new IoT variant is a lot smaller and optimized for use with Android Things, and requires the use of play-services 11.0.0 or later in your build.gradle. For more information about the supported features in the IoT variant of Google Play Services, see the information page.
Google I/O
Android Things had a large presence at Google I/O this year, with 7 talks covering different aspects of Android Things for developers, and these are available as videos in a playlist for those who could not attend:
What's New In Google's IoT Platform? Ubiquitous Computing at Google
Bringing Device Production to Everyone With Android Things
From Prototype to Production Devices with Android Things
Developing for Android Things Using Android Studio
Security for IoT on Android Things
Using Google Cloud and TensorFlow on Android Things
Building for Enterprise IoT Using Android Things and Google Cloud Platform
Google I/O also had a codelab area, where attendees could sit down and test out Android Things development with some simple guided training guides. These codelabs are available for anyone to try at https://codelabs.developers.google.com/?cat=IoT
Feedback
Thank you to all the developers who submitted feedback for the previous developer previews. Please continue sending us your feedback by filing bug reports and feature requests, and asking any questions on stackoverflow. To download images for DP4.1, visit the Android Things download page and find the changes in the release notes. You can also join Google's IoT Developers Community on Google+, a great resource to get updates and discuss ideas, with over 5,600 members.
Star Wars Cookies Using Holiday Cutters
Do you know what happens when you grow up three miles outside of the middle of nowhere?
Since I'm guessing most of you DON'T, I'll tell ya.
By default, you become a nerd.
I think it has something to do with having to rely on your own imagination for entertainment.
When town kids get bored, they walk outside and play with a neighbor kid. That wasn't the case for us.
We played Little House on the Prairie (when my brother wasn't pouting because he had to be Mary) and shot at rocks with our BB guns.
We didn't watch a lot of TV because our flying saucer-ish satellite dish was often on the fritz, (maybe because we used it for target practice) but if we did watch something, it was usually movies. Dad's movies, to be exact. The tape kind.
You remember VHS, right?
Anyway, our choices were Dune, Ferris Buller's Day Off, Back to the Future, Star Wars, and Star Trek.
So, while my brother was busy learning to “mind meld” and speak Klingon, I memorized Ferris Buller's every word and fell in love with Star Wars. I guess when you watch a movie six times a week, it grows on you.
As a result, I'm now on a quest to become the Jedi master of Star Wars cookies. This is my latest attempt.
Many of you have probably seen these cookie cutters. They came from Williams-Sonoma, and I bought the first set as soon as I learned they existed.
I was SOOOO excited about them, UNTIL I used them.
I just wasn't feeling the little pushy thing on top. So, when the next set came along, I didn't even consider buying them.
Of course, I eventually ended up with them AND the sandwich cutters, but only because my brother picked them up for me when they went on clearance.
In the end, gift or not, I didn't warm up to them. So, in true country-kid fashion, I came up with another way. I used Halloween and Christmas cutters to make my own version.
In Texas, we call that “Southern Engineering”. There were the good guys…
and the bad guys, of course.
And if I hadn't stopped myself, there might have been ten more.
The skull was the most useful cutter of the bunch. With a little trimming, I was able to make Jabba, C-3PO, an Ewok, Stormtrooper, AND Emperor Palpatine. I've also used it to make Darth Maul in the past.
A tombstone became Boba and R-2,
and my Wilton spider made a great Princess Leia and Yoda.
Can you believe that Aniken and Chewbacca were actually Santa?
I was even able to make an Imperial Cruiser and fighter, Darth Vader, and the Millennium Falcon with a candy corn, candy, bell, and Christmas ornament.
Did I mention I am a nerd? I just can't help it. These guys are old friends.
Each time I make these, they get a little better. This is my best Yoda and Jabba to date. I also decided that adding a little lustre to ol' Darth gives him a lot of depth and is way more interesting than a flat black cookie.
So, this, folks, is how you make Star Wars cookies, even if you missed the not so great cutters. I'm hoping that one of these days, mine will become a collector's item and I can sell them on Pawn Stars for a huge amount of money. Too bad I threw away the box!
If you're a non-nerd, forgive this little geek moment. Hopefully this will at least come in handy if someone asks you for Star Wars cookies.
And all you DIE HARD fans, please excuse any inaccuracies there might be. I took a few liberties with some of the characters to simplify them. Don't be mad at me.
Just out of curiosity,are you a Star Wars fan? Who is YOUR favorite character? I'm a Yoda girl myself, how about you?
David Cameron's long and risky campaign to unleash a shale gas revolution in Britain finally met with success on Monday, when government ministers opened up more than half the country to drilling.
The prime minister and his top deputies had been promoting shale gas for years, declaring that his government is "going all out for shale" as a way to reverse the country's dependency on imported fuels, create jobs and bring down, or the least slow the relentless increase, of energy prices.
Lately, the crisis in Ukraine added a geo-political boost to their effort. Russia is the top supplier of gas to Europe and much of that gas travels through Ukrainian pipelines.
Story continues below advertisement
But the drilling approval has come with severe restrictions that deprived Mr. Cameron of total victory. Drilling in national parks and "areas of outstanding natural beauty" will only be allowed in "exceptional circumstances," government guidelines dictated. Those circumstances were not immediately clear.
A spokeswoman for the department of communities and local government, publisher of the new drilling guidelines, said "defining exceptional circumstances is not an easy thing to do. It all depends on local communities and local conditions."
National parks cover 9.3 per cent of the land area of England, 20 per cent of Wales and 7.2 per cent of Scotland. Areas of outstanding natural beauty cover about 15 per cent of England.
While those areas are not technically off limits, any attempt to drill in them would be fiercely opposed by nature, heritage and environmental groups, some of whom decried the government's Monday decision to open Britain to shale drilling.
A few European countries, including France and Germany, have banned shale gas "fracking" – the injection of high-pressure water, chemicals and sand into shale reserves to crack them open – for fear the process would pollute groundwater and trigger earthquakes.
While the shale industry lobby group, the UK Onshore Operators Group, predicts "sizable production" from shale gas, it is doubtful that a U.S.-style gas bonanza is either imminent or probable in the next couple of decades. The oil and gas industry itself is wary.
Francis Egan, CEO of Cuadrilla Resources, one of Britain's few fracking pioneers, in effect said that that a shale gas evolution is more likely than a revolution.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
At a Chatham House event in London in April, he said that even if Britain were in the throes of an energy emergency and all restraints on shale gas exploration and development were scrapped, "it would take two, three or four years to get up to appreciable production rates."
Britain does not have a single commercial shale gas well but there is little doubt it is sitting on potentially vast quantities of gas. Recently, the British Geological Survey put the shale resource at 1,300-trillion cubic feet.
Britain consumes about 3-trillion cubic feet a year. If only 10 per cent of the potential resource were produced, the country would have enough homegrown fuel for 40 years.
Getting permission to drill is the big obstacle in Britain. In the United States, the landowner owns the rights to the subsurface minerals. The shale bonanzas in the U.S. Midwest and in Texas have turned thousands of farmers into overnight millionaires, or "shaleonaires," as they lease land to the drillers, or take a royalty on production, or both. In Britain, and elsewhere in Europe, no such subsurface rights exist, reducing, or even eliminating, landowners' incentive to give their land up for gas exploration and production.
The plan in Britain is to buy favour with the local governing councils buy promising them a payment equal to 1 per cent of production revenues. But the payments would not directly enrich landowners.
Europe's high population density is another obstacle. There is little open land available for production sites and the pipelines that would deliver the gas to industrial and consumer buyers.
Story continues below advertisement
Still, competition for the new British drilling licenses – the first in six years -- is expected to be fairly robust. That's because natural gas prices are about three times higher than they are in the United States, where gas production climbed by a third between 2005 and 2013, and because North Sea oil and gas production is in rapid decline. Britain became a net importer of as in 2004. Qatar has emerged as the biggest single supplier if Britain's imported gas (in the form of liquefied natural gas), raising concerns about security of supply.
In an interview on Sunday with the Sunday Times, Matthew Hancock, the government's new energy minister, cited energy security as a prime reason behind the shale gas push. Russia supplies almost 30 per cent of Europe's gas and half of that amount goes through Ukraine. In the past decade, Russia has cut gas supplies to Ukraine three times, over gas-contract disputes; the cut-off in severe winter of 2009 created shortages in 18 European Union countries.
"Shale gas has the opportunity to increase our energy security, potentially to cut costs and also to reduce carbon emissions by reducing the amount of coal that we burn," Mr. Hancock said. "With what we've seen in Russia over recent weeks, the importance of an indigenous energy supply can't be overestimated."
Netta Fornario Was an Occult Practitioner
She Appeared to Be Running From Something
Occasionally, we hear about a story that intrigues us to the point that we want to pass it on. The occult case of the Netta Fornario death in Iona, Scotland is just that kind of story. Although the details surrounding her death are unsubstantiated and cannot be verified due to lack of information, it makes for a fascinating story, nonetheless.
In the late summer of 1929 a woman around 30 years old, Netta Fornario, left London for Iona, a small Scottish island rich in folklore and history. She was not an ordinary woman of the times. She was a member of “Alpha et Omega,” a splinter group of the famous Hermetic Order Of The Golden Dawn. Alpha et Omega was rich in occult practices such as ritual magic, tarot cards, mysticism, and a solid belief in the powers of telepathy. And supposedly, Netta had a deep interest in fairies.
It is not clear why Netta made this journey. However, she packed an extraordinarily large amount of luggage, clearly intending to stay in Iona for quite some time.
Netta Takes Up Lodging with Mrs. MacRae
Once on the island, Netta Fornario found lodgings with a local landlady named Mrs. MacRae, who was in the habit of taking visitors under her roof. The two made a strange pair – the humble islander and the occult practitioner. But some form of friendship developed between the two.
Netta spent most of her days wandering the tiny island alone, and spent her nights engaged in various supernatural practices.
For many weeks this arrangement went on without a problem, but something changed as the summer fell into autumn. The first indication that something was wrong was a cryptic message Netta sent to her London housekeeper. It stated that she would be out of communication for awhile, because she had “a terrible case of healing” to work on.
Strange Behaviors and Signs
Netta's apparent distress escalated until the morning of November 17th, when MacRae arose to find Netta in a frenzy of packing her luggage. She informed the landlady that she needed to return to London immediately, as several individuals were attacking her telepathically. MacRae was skeptical. She found nothing odd in Netta's appearance until she noticed that Netta's shiny silver jewelry had completely tarnished to black overnight.
MacRae told Netta that it would be impossible to travel that day. The boat to the mainland did not run on Sundays. Netta became enraged and retreated to her room. After several hours, she came back out and calmly announced to MacRae that she had changed her mind and would be staying on Iona. She then went out for one of her usual daily walks.
Netta's Last Walk Around the Island
MacRae was used to Netta going off by herself, so she was not immediately alarmed when she didn't return that afternoon. When darkness came and Netta still hadn't returned, however, MacRae raised the alarm. The night was far too cold and windy for anyone to be wandering the island.
Even though Iona is a small island, it took two days to find Netta's body. The death site was unusual, to say the least. A cross had been cut into the turf with a dagger (which was found nearby) and Netta's body was lying on top of it. She was found only wearing a thin black cloak.
Examination Without Answers
The doctor who examined the body could not narrow down the time of death. Therefore, he pronounced that she could have died at any time from the 17th to the 19th, when her body was found. He apparently also had trouble determining a cause of death. So he covered all the bases and settled on either “exposure to the elements” or “heart failure.” Neither of which could account for mysterious deep scratches on Netta's body and on the bottoms of her feet. Was she running from something?
This may indeed be a case of a young woman, ignorant of the deadly effects of high winds and freezing temperatures, becoming lost and confused during a dark night on an isolated Scottish island.
Her fellow practitioners of the magical arts, however, were convinced that Netta Fornario was killed by a psychic telepathic attack generated by someone many miles away.
Sources:
Mysterious Britain & Ireland website, pulled 1/28/13
sjhstrangetales website, pulled 1/28/13
Mysterious People website, pulled 1/28/13
On November 20th 1912, “Mad Bomber” Carl Warr enters Los Angeles city jail with 60 sticks of dynamite strapped to himself. After an hour, two detectives attack Warr who then pulls the bomb' s trigger. Nothing happens, and the freakishly masked bomber begs police to kill him. Warr was sensationalized in the press as the Mad Bomber and the next day, this cover ran on Los Angeles Examiner without mentioning his ‘faulty' fuse.
The Examiner‘s photographer E.J.Spencer was among 10,000 people who banked against police ropes to follow the story. Spencer went into the jail, where he saw Warr sitting in the corner with the infernal machine in his lap. Everyone warned Spencer of the danger, but he carefully placed his plate camera on a chair and made his picture. The coup was so daring that Examiner credited the photographer as seldom has been done; it read “Here is one of the most remarkable newspaper photographs ever published. It was taken by E. J. Spencer, staff photographer of the Examiner, who risked his life to make the picture.”
The organizers of the 2015 Central Pennsylvania Festival of the Arts definitely aren't taking any chances this year when it comes to pretend violence.
For safety's sake, the Arts Fest board of directors voted unanimously to ban toy guns and all other toy weapons including ping-pong-ball catapults, foam swords, rubber band guns and Nerf weapons such as the Nerf N-Force Battlemaster Mace Axe.
The summer arts festival is scheduled for July 9 to July 12 in State College, reports the Centre Daily Times, the main local newspaper.
On Wednesday, July 8, the day before the festival kicks off, there will be a Children and Youth Day sidewalk sale. Some 300 kids aged 8 to 18 are expected to show up selling or demonstrating their wares — and many hundreds more there to gawk.
The art festival board of directors is deeply worried that some kids (boys, no doubt) will show up to hawk items that represent guns or weapons but aren't actually real guns or weapons.
“We live in especially violent times,” announced Arts Fest executive director Rick Bryant in a press release obtained by the Daily Times. “Banning the sale of weapons at the Children and Youth Sidewalk Sale might not be a giant step in making our society less violent, but it's a step that we can take.”
Bryant said that, in his opinion, the ban is not a political act.
“I'm not a psychologist, so I'm not making that kind of statement,” he told the local paper.
“I don't care so much if a child plays with a toy gun or something else at his own home. I just don't want them to do it here,” he added.
He said he is worried that pretend weapons will cause injuries.
There is good reason to worry that these kids today may show up with innocuous toy weapons, too. Last year, some of the Youth Day sidewalk sale participants brought bows and arrows and shields.
Not everyone is happy about the strict new rules.
For example, local parent Mike Reinert is disappointed because in past years his son Nate constructed ping-pong-ball catapults which entertained throngs of children.
“I understand they want to be careful and not encourage weapons and violence, so I can try to appreciate their position,” Reinert told the Daily Times. “On the other hand, we have a military that uses them and is violent just so we can have this conversation.”
Reinert, a Navy veteran, also suggested that the draconian rule against certain kinds of toys is unfair to boys.
“Where are we leaving our boys?” he asked. “As a guy, there are just natural instincts we've had for thousands of years, and now we're supposed to say it's not okay? I know they're doing the best they can, but it's a Catch-22.”
For this year, the board has expressly banned the sale of historic facsimiles such as rubber-band guns, pop guns and swords. Also banned are Nerf weapons, light sabers and, in fact, anything that could launch a projectile. Bows and arrows and shields are also strictly prohibited.
While nowhere near as bizarre as neighboring Maryland, Pennsylvania has seen a decent amount of anti-toy-gun hysteria in recent years.
For example, in 2013, a kindergarten girl was suspended after she told another girl that she planned to shoot her with a pink Hello Kitty toy gun that bombards targets with soapy bubbles. (RELATED: Kindergartener Suspended For Making ‘Terroristic Threat' With Hello Kitty Bubble Gun)
Also in 2013, officials reportedly yelled at a fifth-grade girl and then searched her in front of her class after she was found with a paper gun her grandfather had made for her. (RELATED: Paper Gun Causes Panic)
Follow Eric on Twitter. Like Eric on Facebook. Send education-related story tips to erico@dailycaller.com.
OTTAWA - Justin Trudeau was absent from the House of Commons on Monday as the Ukrainian ambassador demanded an apology for the Liberal leader's tongue-in-cheek remark about the crisis in Ukraine while Conservatives and the NDP pounced.
The day after the Liberal leader was criticized for failing to make himself available to the media at the end of the Liberal party's weekend policy convention, Trudeau had no public events scheduled and didn't appear for question period.
That left Liberal MP Marc Garneau charged with defending Trudeau for his recent comments on Ukraine during a pre-taped appearance on Radio Canada's "Tout le Monde en Parle,'' a humour-infused current affairs program. Trudeau linked the upheaval in Ukraine to Russia's Olympic hockey woes.
Garneau accused Conservatives of "trying to take advantage of this for cheap partisan reasons.''
"If you look at the entire transcript, you'll see that Justin Trudeau spoke very seriously about the situation in Ukraine, and anyone who's been on 'Tout Le Monde En Parle' knows what kind of show it is,'' he said, adding in a post-question period scrum: "I smell fear.''
Garneau also noted that Liberal delegates at the convention passed an emergency resolution calling for support for a transition to democracy in Ukraine. The resolution also called on Prime Minister Stephen Harper not to allow any foreign power to interfere with the will of the Ukrainian people.
Nonetheless the Ukrainian ambassador to Canada called on Trudeau to apologize.
"You have to be extremely careful when you talk about 82 people who died fighting ... for their future and everyone's in danger,'' Vadym Prystaiko said on CTV's "Power Play.''
"You're just sitting in a nice room, and you're talking about things in such a light manner; it's inappropriate .... We hope that he will be able to apologize.''
A handful of Tory cabinet ministers, as well as NDP Leader Tom Mulcair, took aim at Trudeau, who's consistently ahead of the Tories and the NDP in public opinion polls.
"So Justin Trudeau, whose favourite regime is 'the basic dictatorship of China,' thinks the deadly crisis in Ukraine is a laughing matter,'' Employment Minister Jason Kenney wrote in a tweet.
J Trudeau-"It's worrisome, particularly since Russia lost in hockey,they will be in a bad mood & we fear Russian involvement in the Ukraine" — Jason Kenney (@kenneyjason) February 24, 2014
Industry Minister James Moore also took to Twitter to draw attention to Trudeau's joke. Citizenship Minister Chris Alexander mocked Trudeau in a statement to the media outside the House of Commons.
"Trudeau apparently thinks the situation is Ukraine is something to joke about,'' he said.
"We don't and we are concerned that there is not just one statement of this quality, there's a pattern here of support for communist dictatorship, of belief in ... budgets balancing themselves and now of whimsical comments, offensive comments about Ukraine's future based on the result of a hockey game in Sochi.''
Justin on Ukraine “It is very worrisome, particularly since Russia lost in hockey, they will be in a bad mood...” (CBC) Unreal. — James Moore (@JamesMoore_org) February 24, 2014
The NDP, meantime, posted a YouTube video of Trudeau's comments while Mulcair took a swipe at his relationship with the media.
NOTE: Click the 'CC' button for closed captioning.
"I fail to see the levity when you've got dozens of people being shot dead in the street of their own capital, so you don't make jokes about that,'' he said.
"If he's making jokes, I think that he'd better start explaining himself, if and when he ever accepts to take questions from journalists.''
In an interview that aired at the end of a big Olympic hockey weekend in which Canada won gold over Sweden, Trudeau was asked about the situation in Ukraine and the prospect of Russian involvement.
He joked that Russia could be fuming after being eliminated last week from the Olympic medal round.
"It's very worrisome,'' Trudeau said after telling the panel that he now considers Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych to be illegitimate. "Especially since Russia lost in hockey, they will be in a bad mood. We are afraid of a Russian intervention in Ukraine.''
"Only because of hockey?'' the show's host, Guy A. Lepage, asked Trudeau as other panelists chuckled.
"No,'' Trudeau replied. "It is an attempt to bring a light view of a situation that is extremely serious.''
Yanukovych is in hiding, his regime in tatters, following months of pro-Western protests in Ukraine.
The Tories also put Trudeau's economic policies on the hot seat on Monday, signalling a future line of attack as they return from a weeklong break. At the convention over the weekend, Trudeau vowed not to hike taxes on the already-struggling middle class but laid out only the broadest of economic agendas.
He spoke of activist but not intrusive government, strategic investments to spur economic growth but no wanton big spending.
Kevin Sorensen, the Tory minister of state (finance), said Trudeau's ideas ``would take this country down the same road as Greece and Detroit.''
Alberta MP Blake Richards was equally disdainful in a statement to the House of Commons.
"I am glad that the Liberal leader recognized that Canadians' strength is between their ears, but looking at the Liberal leader's speech on Saturday night, I am left wishing he offered something more than a little nutty in between his,'' he said.
Mulcair, meantime, questioned how Trudeau was going to fund his policies.
"He's got a rather long grocery list of spending, but no sources of revenue. How does he put those two together?''
Like this article? Follow our Facebook page Or follow us on Twitter Follow @HuffPostCanada
Also on HuffPost
Destruction of habitat due to urban sprawl, pollution, and deforestation has caused population declines or even extinction of many of the world's approximately 2,600 snake species. Furthermore, misconceptions about snakes have made them among the most persecuted of all animals, despite the fact that less than a quarter of all species are venomous and most species are beneficial because they control rodent pests. It has become increasingly urgent, therefore, to develop viable conservation strategies for snakes and to investigate their importance as monitors of ecosystem health and indicators of habitat sustainability.
In the first book on snakes written with a focus on conservation, editors Stephen J. Mullin and Richard A. Seigel bring together leading herpetologists to review and synthesize the ecology, conservation, and management of snakes worldwide. These experts report on advances in current research and summarize the primary literature, presenting the most important concepts and techniques in snake ecology and conservation. The common thread of conservation unites the twelve chapters, each of which addresses a major subdiscipline within snake ecology. Applied topics such as methods and modeling and strategies such as captive rearing and translocation are also covered. Each chapter provides an essential framework and indicates specific directions for future research, making this a critical reference for anyone interested in vertebrate conservation generally or for anyone implementing conservation and management policies concerning snake populations.
Contributors: Omar Attum, Indiana University Southeast; Steven J. Beaupre, University of Arkansas; Xavier Bonnet, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique; Frank T. Burbrink, College of Staten Island-The City University of New York; Gordon M. Burghardt, University of Tennessee; Todd A. Castoe, University of Colorado; David Chiszar, University of Colorado; Michael E. Dorcas, Davidson College; Lara E. Douglas, University of Arkansas; Christopher L. Jenkins, Project Orianne, Ltd.; Glenn Johnson, State University of New York at Potsdam; Michael Hutchins, The Wildlife Society; Richard B. King, Northern Illinois University; Bruce A. Kingsbury, Indiana University-Purdue University Fort Wayne; Thomas Madsen, University of Wollongong; Stephen J. Mullin, Eastern Illinois University; James B. Murphy, National Zoological Park; Charles R. Peterson, Idaho State University; Kent A. Prior, Parks Canada; Richard A. Seigel, Towson University; Richard Shine, University of Sydney; Kevin T. Shoemaker, College of Environmental Science and Forestry, State University of New York; Patrick J. Weatherhead, University of Illinois; John D. Willson, University of Georgia
The Art of Fielding, by Chad Harbach
I had purchased a copy of Chad Harbach's The Art of Fielding a few years ago, but never actually got around to sitting down to read it. In spite of my intentions, I often find that my myriad interests and short attention span prevent me from ever proceeding through my reading list the way that I promise myself to do. And the sheer size of this novel — well over 500 pages — certainly didn't help in convincing me to crack it open and focus on it.
A couple years ago I discovered, much to my own surprise, that audiobooks are a pretty wonderful thing. I can check out audiobook CDs from the public library and keep them in the car. That way, when I'm commuting to and from work or running whatever errands, I can still use that time productively and “read” while I drive. A couple weeks ago, I found a copy of The Art of Fielding on CD at the library and realized this might be my best option for getting through the massive tome.
Overall, my personal reaction to the book is pretty mixed. On one hand, there's nothing groundbreakingly special about it. The skeleton of the story revolves around Henry Skrimshander, a highly-talented and much-sought-after shortstop at Westish College who is a one day makes an errant throw that completely rocks his confidence. His performance on the field struggles as he tries in vain to return to his former self, but it's not until his whole world seemingly blows up in his face that he is finally able to recover. There are a couple love stories, a love triangle, substance abuse and mental health issues, and, of course, some good baseball moments.
On the other hand, in spite of the familiar plot structure, I found myself eager to keep diving back into the story. Harbach's characters are delightfully vivid and believable, and he weaves backstories for them that makes me want to know more and more about them. If I had to choose, I would have to say that my favorite character is Mike Schwartz, the big, burly catcher who “discovers” Henry Skrimshander and takes him under his wing, all while battling his own injuries and burning the midnight oil to try to get into law school. I found myself rooting for Schwartz even more than I was rooting for Henry.
When I audited the Baseball in Literature course a couple years ago, the professor mentioned that some of the more, ah, intimate moments of the book could sometimes be a bit much, and I have to agree with this particular criticism. I have to also confess, however, that I am a sucker for characters in literature who, themselves, love books and literature, and there is plenty of that here. This is one of those books that makes me want to read all the books mentioned within the book, which only exacerbates my inability to get to the other books on my reading list in a timely manner. It sounds confusing (not to mention frustrating), but that's a problem I actually enjoy having.
The Art of Fielding is far more than just a baseball book. Yes, there is definitely baseball, and the baseball scenes are well-written. The descriptions early on of Henry's performance as a shortstop are particularly captivating, enough so to make me jealous of the fact that I could never perform that smoothly as a middle infielder. But the novel extends well beyond the diamond to explore the complications of being a human being having relationships with other human beings. While I do feel like it could have been about a hundred pages shorter, I still find myself thinking that this is one that I may have to read (or listen to) again some day.
One Direction's Niall Horan has won a round in his libel case over articles which he says meant he used hard drugs during an evening with fellow musicians Justin Bieber and Cody Simpson.
The boyband star has sued Express Newspapers over articles which appeared in the Daily Star in July this year.
He claims they were defamatory because they meant that during an evening spent with Bieber and Simpson he had used hard drugs - crystal meth or crack.
The newspaper says that the articles do not bear the meaning alleged or any meaning defamatory of Horan - and asked Mr Justice Dingemans at London's High Court to stop the action in its tracks.
Today, the judge dismissed the application, saying that the article was capable of bearing the defamatory meaning claimed.
He said that this was supported by the extensive reference to a Breaking Bad style drugs pipe - Breaking Bad being a TV series centred around the manufacture and sale of hard drug crystal meth.
The banner headline was "new drug storm", the article reported that Horan was "staring blankly" and there was express reference to "rumours the singers were using hard drugs".
The inclusion of words that "there is no suggestion that this is the case" and reported requests from fans that Horan should not get into drugs - which at least carried the implication that Horan was not then currently into them - were matters to consider when the actual meaning of the article was determined, he added.
Horan was not in court for the ruling.
"Fast" and "easy" aren't two words you'd typically use to describe most of my recipes, but even I have days in which I've spent far too long in front of a computer screen and realize that I only have half an hour before my wife gets home and it's dinnertime. It's always good to have quick, inexpensive, healthy, and foolproof recipes in your back pocket for just those situations.
Well, this right here is the easiest, most foolproof way I know to get a hot grilled chicken dinner on the table in record time. Not only that, but it packs in more flavor than most all-day recipes. Here's how it goes.
Quick Chicken Tip #1: Double-Duty Dressing
Naked chicken tastes pretty plain, so I like to give it a quick marinade in an intensely flavored sauce. I start with a base of herbs and aromatics—minced garlic and rosemary in this case, though any herb will do and shallots will work in place of (or in addition to) garlic. Tons of black pepper is also a must for me. For the marinating liquid, I start with lemon juice in order to brighten things up.
A big drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil serves three different functions. First, it adds its own flavor to the mix. Second, it helps fat-soluble flavor compounds from the garlic and herbs distribute themselves evenly over that chicken breast and stick there as it cooks. Finally, it serves as a temperature buffer, ensuring that the intense heat of the grill browns the chicken evenly all over.
If you haven't yet noticed it, what we've just made is essentially a loose vinaigrette, which is a very respectable finishing sauce in its own right. So, after making the marinade, I reserve half of it on the side to use as a sauce once my chicken is finished cooking. Two birds with one stone—or should I say, two steps with one sauce?
Quick Chicken Tip #2: Make Cutlets
Big fat chicken breasts take a good 15 minutes to cook, even if you pound them relatively flat, as we recommend in our guide to grilling boneless, skinless chicken breasts. Splitting them in half horizontally and pounding them creates chicken cutlets (paillards, if you want to be all fancy) that cook in less than half the time it takes for a standard chicken breast. Sure, this introduces a few other problems—namely, a proclivity for drying out due to the increased surface area–to–volume ratio—but we can deal with that issue down the road.
Check out our complete instructions for cutting chicken cutlets here.
Quick Chicken Tip #3: Forget Long Marinades!
Marinades typically serve two separate functions. The first is flavoring. As anyone who's been following this column long enough knows, marinades do the vast majority of their work on the surface of the meat. The aromatic compounds that give them flavor are simply too large to penetrate very far into the interior of a piece of chicken, beef, or pork. Whether you've marinated your meat for 30 minutes or 24 hours, the flavor isn't going to vary too much, particularly if you're planning on adding a sauce to the finished dish, as we are.
The second goal of marinades is to alter texture, usually by tenderizing the meat or allowing it to retain more moisture as it cooks. It's true that an acidic marinade, or one with enzymatic proteases that break down muscle structure (like papaya juice or soy sauce), can soften up a piece of meat given enough time, but it can also give meat a sort of mushy texture. Unless I'm aiming for a very specific dish in which that texture is desirable (tandoori chicken, for instance), I prefer not to let my meat marinate for much longer than an hour or two at most. In this case, simply coating the chicken in the sauce and throwing it on the grill, with no time in between, is fine by me.
Quick Chicken Tip #4: Cook Unilaterally
Thus far, we've skipped the long marinade, skipped any kind of brine, and cut our chicken breasts in half. We've got a whole bunch of things going against us if juiciness is what we're after. Here's where we fix that.
See, really thin slices of chicken like these cook through in a matter of minutes. If you were to treat them like you would a larger chicken breast and flip them a few times as they cook, the exterior would have barely any color by the time the interior finished cooking. I'm sure you've experienced the dreaded "Add Grilled Chicken" restaurant option for your Caesar salad, where 95% of the time you end up with chicken that is both dry and colorless and flavorless.
The solution to the problem? Don't flip the chicken. At least, not until the very, very end. I place my chicken over a grill that's as hot as I can get it, then cook it almost completely through on the first side. I actually wait until there's only a tiny hint of pink left on the second side before I finally flip it.
What you're greeted with is an extremely well-browned, smoky, flavorful first piece of chicken. Once flipped, it needs to sit on that second side for only a few seconds to finish cooking through. Your chicken winds up with tons of flavor from the amount of browning it got on the grill, while remaining nice and juicy due to the very gentle cooking on that second side. All in all, it takes less than five minutes to cook through on a hot grill, usually closer to three.
The best part about cooking such thin slices of chicken? They barely need to rest at all, which means that your chicken is on the table and ready to eat in even less time.
Once you get a little practice under your belt with cutting chicken cutlets (or if you just buy them pre-cut from the supermarket), you can have this meal hot and ready in less time than it takes to thaw out and heat up a meal in the microwave. Now how's that for healthy, delicious, fast food?
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
View 8 Photos
Jaguar has canceled its C-X75 hybrid supercar project, less than two years after announcing that the concept car was destined for production. According to Car Magazine, Jaguar global brand director Adrian Hallmark told journalists in the U.K. that concerns over the project's cost and the small number of expected sales forced the company to shelve the C-X75 permanently.
The Jaguar C-X75 concept first bowed at the 2010 Paris Motor Show. The low and wide show car used a pair of diesel turbine engines that acted as range extenders to charge a battery, which in turned powered the motors that propelled the car. It was something of an engineering exercise that, at the time, didn't have much chance of seeing production. Then in May 2011, Jaguar surprised the auto industry by announcing that it would build the C-X75 in partnership with Williams F1.
Jaguar reportedly built five prototypes of the C-X75, which used two four-cylinder engines instead of the promised turbines, but the turbo- and supercharged 1.6-liter units were expected to produce 500-550 hp. Jaguar previously promised the production model would hit 62 mph in less than three seconds, exceed 200 mph, yet emit a Toyota Prius-like 99 grams of CO2 per kilometer.
"After a thorough reassessment of the market conditions, the company's view is that the global economic landscape does not currently support the introduction of a supercar such as C-X75," Hallmark told Car. He told reporters that making the decision "broke his heart," but that Jaguar probably couldn't have sold the planned 200 to 250 copies of its 1 million (around $1.6 million) supercar.
The development process hasn't been for nothing, though, as Jaguar plans to use lessons learned from the C-X75 project on future vehicles. The company also plans to finish its five prototypes, which should be completed by May 2013. Jaguar will reportedly keep three of them for its museum, and will put the other two up for auction.
Bamboo torture is an apocryphal form of torture and execution where a bamboo shoot grows through the body of a victim, reported to have been used in East and South Asia but for which no reliable evidence exists.[1]
Recorded usage [ edit ]
Bamboo sprout. Some species can grow as fast as 4 cm per hour
A "Madras civilian", in his travel description from 1820s India, referred to this use of bamboo was a well known punishment in Ceylon.[2]
After World War II, stories circulated of Japanese soldiers inflicting "bamboo torture" upon U.S. and Allied prisoners of war, where the victim was tied securely in place above a young bamboo shoot.[3] Over several days, the sharp, fast-growing shoot would first puncture, then completely penetrate the victim's body, eventually emerging through the other side.[4] The Chinese poet and author Woon-Ping Chin[5] mentions the "bamboo torture" as one of those tortures the locals believed the Japanese performed on prisoners in her memoir Hakka Soul.[6]
The cast of the TV program MythBusters investigated bamboo torture in a 2008 episode and found that a bamboo shoot can penetrate through several inches of ballistic gelatin in three days. For research purposes, ballistic gelatin is considered comparable to human flesh, and the experiment thus supported the viability of this form of torture, not its historicity.
However, this tale of using live trees impaling persons as they grow is not confined to the context of World War II and the Japanese as torturers, but was recorded in the 19th century, when Malays alleged that the Siamese used the sprout of the nipah palm in the manner of bamboo torture during the 1821 Siamese invasion of Kedah among other punishments.[7][8][9]
The PDRC leader is unable to hold back tears as he called on all demonstrators to pray for a protester who is seriously injured by the blast.
Rally boss Suthep Thaugsuban says he holds the caretaker government responsible for the grenade attack yesterday on demonstrators taking part in a march and vowed to once again escalate his anti-government protest.
However, police have raised questions about the incident in which protester guards blocked police and reporters entering the area near the attack scene where they claimed they found a weapons stockpile.
Police also queried the last-minute change in the protest route.
There was also intense speculation on social media yesterday that some military officers had cooperated with the People's Democratic Reform Committee (PDRC) in setting up the attack.
In a highly emotional speech after the attack, Mr Suthep said the grenade blast that left 36 wounded, one in serious condition, was the work of the government and called on the protesters to draw strength from it.
"The blood that spilt on the street is piercing my heart. What it [the government] has done to the Thai people is cold-blooded. Let the pain remind us and give us strength to fight until we win," Mr Suthep told protesters at the Lumpini stage.
He denied he had been behind the grenade attack himself.
"I am not that kind [of person]. I don't kill my own supporters," he said.
According to Mr Suthep, the incident showed that the prime minister was not stupid, but a "demon".
Mr Suthep said the grenade attack had not scared him and the PDRC supporters. They would make another city march today but he gave no details.
The grenade attack was reported about 1pm. The blast hit the protesters about 100 metres from where Mr Suthep was leading the march. He was whisked away by PDRC guards afterwards. Initial findings found an M26 grenade was used.
Mr Suthep said the names of those injured would be announced including their home towns so their fellow protesters in the provinces would lay siege to state agencies there.
He said that he was not deterred by yesterday's attack. Instead he would intensify his city march and oust the government.
"We have to continue this fight. We have invested a lot in it. Our fellow protesters were injured and killed. This is the 27th assault on us and there have been a lot of injuries," he said.
Caretaker Prime Minister Yingluck denied the PDRC's accusation that the government was behind the attack.
"I do not support any kind of violence and will take action against those who do," she said.
She voiced concerns about a possible escalation of the violence, saying she had instructed authorities to get to work quickly.
The Metropolitan Police Bureau (MPB) yesterday raised suspicions about the PDRC's sudden change of march route. In a statement, city police said the route change was unusual for the protesters.
The original route was Lumpini Park-Silom-Charoen Krung-Si Phraya-Samyan intersection-Phaya Thai Road-Pathumwan stage.
However, a route change was announced shortly before the march began. The new route was Lumpini Park-Rama IV Road-Surawong Road-Naret Road-Si Phraya-Mahanakhon intersection-Banthat Thong-Rama I-Road-Pathumwan stage.
When the procession was about to pass Charoenphol intersection, an explosion was heard. A bomb was reportedly hurled from a building which was in the process of being demolished.
After the explosion, protesters were seen running into the deserted building, trying to capture an assailant. Gunshots were also heard.
Military police led by Col Noppasit Sitthipongsopon, of the 1st Cavalry Infantry, inspected the scene with PDRC guards while police officers were booed and jeered by the protesters. Reporters were also prevented from entering the building.
An assortment of weapons was found in a room in the building including rifles. Only television crews from Channel 5 and Channel 9 were later allowed to film the inspection inside, as well as BlueSky Channel which broadcast the march live from the start.
Mr Suthep last night played a video clip and showed photos of weapons and objects he claimed guards took from a room near the attack scene, including disassembled rifles, a red-coloured shirt and cap, look-a-like police pass cards and hand-held radios.
National police chief Adul Saengsinkaew said police were unable to provide security because of the change of route. He also said police were not allowed to enter the site where the weapons were found.
He asked the PDRC to allow police to investigate and promised to intensify security in the wake of the blast.
Pol Gen Adul Narongsak, MPB spokesman, said that police investigators and forensic workers were blocked from entering the scene.
"We can't provide the details of the incident. So we are asking the protesters and the PDRC security guards to allow police and forensic workers to inspect the scene," he said.
Shahid Afridi believes Pakistan's Champions Trophy triumph over India carried the same magnitude as the side's 1992 World Cup win.
Pakistan upset the odds as they defeated favourites India by a massive 180 runs on Sunday (18 June) to win their first ever Champions Trophy crown and become the fourth team to win all three International Cricket Council (ICC) events.
The achievement was made more impressive when one considers that Pakistan just about qualified for the 50-over tournament, and Afridi thinks this will be a win that will always be remembered.
"This is one victory that Pakistan fans will remember for long," Afridi wrote in his ICC blog. "It has been an ultra-quick turnaround from no-hopers to champions for the Pakistan players and the manner in which the team won the match was really impressive."
"Pakistan has unearthed new heroes in a span of 14 days. From Fakhar Zaman to Hassan Ali and Shadab Khan, Pakistan has shown the world its rich talent and pedigree. In Sarfraz (Ahmed), it now has a captain who can perhaps take the team to unprecedented glory in the years ahead."
With a new generation of players for the future, the former Pakistan all-rounder has compared the Champions Trophy win to the 1992 World Cup.
"The 1992 World Cup win gave us a new generation of match winners and this win ranks very close to that," he added. "I am confident that Pakistan cricket is back on track and we will see this team reach some incredible highs in the years to come, especially if the team continues to play with the kind of passion and commitment displayed in this tournament."
The win in London also saw Pakistan improve in the ICC One Day International (ODI) rankings.
Previously ranked eight with 88 points in May, Pakistan have now climbed up to sixth in the rankings with 95 points, leapfrogging Bangladesh and Sri Lanka in the process.
Below are the full updated rankings:
Dr Boyce Watkins: How the rapper TechN9ne made the Forbes list without a record deal
http://www.vladtv.com – Leading scholar and social commentator, Dr. Boyce Watkins of Financial Juneteenth offers his perspective to VladTV as it relates to Hip-Hop's MCs earnings and how they manage their money. The conversation soon centered on the self-made independent artist Tech N9ne – who Boyce Watkins feels is one of “the greatest rappers in the world right now” – and how he successfully made the Forbes' 2014 Hip-Hop Cash Kings List.
“Tech N9ne is a brother out of Kansas City, MO who is killing it…he actually turned down a deal for $60 million,” shares Dr. Boyce before adding, “A lot of the reason that he can turn down deals of that magnitude is because Tech has figured out the secret of how to make your own money.”
That comment is soon expounded upon when the analyst offers that “you don't have to go through any industry begging and borrowing and asking people for an opportunity – you can create your own. And the best thing about being independent is when you sign yourself you'll never fire yourself.”
Dr. Boyce later contends that the “Anghellic” lyricist's business acumen has helped him to create his burgeoning empire. “He's truly different not only in terms of his amazing rapid fire lyrical style, but in the way that he's been able to monetize his ability in such an effective way.” Make sure you watch the entire clip to find out the “Three Tech Tips” that everyone needs to know in order to make the most money from your business and why Dr. Boyce Watkins feels that “walking away from education is the hugest mistake that any human being could ever make.”
Engine Rebuild M70 (V12)
Photo's & comments by Cor Verlinde, story by Sean750
Document history:
# 12 August 2004 initial version
Someone we (Johan and I) know through our website contacted us that he had started an interesting project. He was planning to build a Cobra replica. Not powered by the average cast-iron Mouse or Rat V8, nor or a slainth six or obscure 4-banger. He (Cor Verlinde) decided to use a REAL engine, that mighty alloy hightec short-stroke 5 liter beloved & trusty BMW V12 (we are not biased ;-). So he bought himself a tired '90 750i and used it as a donor for his project. The idea was to pull the engine, give it some cleaning and painting, replace common seals and shoe-horn it into the engine bay of the Cobra.
BUT: the former owner of the 750i was at a certain point where he could barely afford to pay the fuel. When he couldn't spend even that money anymore, he decided to sell the car. Now the v12 is a forgiving engine, but not when it comes to neglecting and lack of maintenance. Cor faced some unpleasant surprises when disassembling his engine...
This is the story about partially rebuilding a tired v12 with 270.000 km and getting a second life in a cobra. The photo's are taken by Cor, some additional comments (based on what I saw on the photo's and Q&A's with Cor) are made by Sean. Cor, thank you very much for this contribution.
Pulling the engine:
The engine of the old 750i. You can tell that the engine hadn't been running for quite a while by the slightly corroded alloy parts. One distributor cap looked like its been replaced, the coolant reservoir seemed somewhat contaimed. It's the first model v12, with the oil filler cap at the right. Someone messed around with the plugged vacuum hose connections of DK motors (the bolt with a hose and 2 hose clamps are not original):
Cor about the car: 'the car had not been running for half a year. After that, it wouldn't run on 12 cylinders anymore. After replacing some leads and spark plugs it fired up and blew lots of dirt and water right out of the exhaust. After that, it was running smooth(!). A 300km trip with the car showed no problems whatsoever and my intention was to remove the engine, clean it and bolt it into the Cobra. Oh boy, did I make a mistake.'
Dismantling the front of the car, to make removal easier. At last there is some easy access to the ABS pump:
And from the right. The 2 loose alumium pipes right in front of the engine are from the a/c condensor connection. Notice the heavy shock absorpers of the front bumper:
Actual pulling of the engine, together with the transmission. Now you can see how unreachable that alternator is. The oil filter canister is still attached to the engine, I personally wouldn't do that. A part of the exhaust (probably just the downpipe) is still connected:
Notice the absolute lack of rust behind the left fender:
The engine and transmission. Wiring loom already removed. Notice the engine hoist brackets (not original):
Empty engine bay:
The removed wiring harness/loom. You wouldn't say it, but this is the complete wiring harness of the engine shaped like its more or less attached in the engine room:
A removed (more or less) fuse/relay box:
Unbolting the hydraulic pump from the engine. Notice the hose connection next to the right of the pump, that gave me some thinking. This is actually the hose connection for the drain hose from the oil filter canister to the upper oil sump. Usually impossible to reach:
Removed cover of the oil supply and return connections to the oil filter canister:
Disconnected leads to the starter. The starter is located behind the heat shield at the bottom-right. Behind the leads the fill-tube for the tranny:
Removed airco pump. Lower and upper oil pan still attached:
Cor about this: 'When I pulled the engine, I was shocked to see how full of oil and debris the outside of the engine was. There was a good chance the engine suffered in the past from a small engine fire because of some small melted parts. Probably because the thick battery terminal wire from the alternator shorted within his metal housing.'
Unbolting the intake manifolds. Here you see you have excellent acces if you remove the noise supressors (located underneath each manifold) first. At that point you don't need to use swivels, just some extensions (1/4"):
Removed and probably cleaned intake manifold in all his beauty. Did you know that left and right are 1:1 identical (and thus interchangable)? Excellent castings:
This is where the trouble began after removing the valve covers. A sheared off head bolt laying around at the bottom of the picture. The empty hole just above it is the place where it originally was located. Notice that these are torque-to-yield head bolts, recognizable to the windings from top to bottom:
Cor about this: 'it never was my intention to pull the heads. I just removed the valve covers to clean the engine. I was really worried and disappointed when I saw the contaminated inside of the engine, worn cams and the sheared head bolt laying around. The broken bolt surprised me, because I never experienced symptoms of a blown headgasket (also engine temperature during testrun was normal). After I saw this mess, I decided to tear the engine apart.'
Also both cams where in bad shape, probably due to insufficent oil supply (loose banjo bolts of the oil spraying bar) or inferior oil quality:
Upper timing covers removed, revealing the camshaft sprockets and timing chain:
Definately sludge/crud buildup and deposits in this engine. Probably the previous owner used el-cheapo oil or didn't bother to change the oil at all. I just hate it when people f*ck up their engine this way. This is the reason why you should use a good brand oil and change the oil frequently:
The removed waterpump. Luckily the PO used coolant and not plain water, considering the overall condition of the engine. The unbolting of the lower timing case cover has started:
Removal of the exhaust manifolds with an air wrench, behind the air wrench is the oil filler tube. Notice that the upper timing case cover leaked severly, a common problem with early V12's (there is actually a BMW service bulletin about this problem):
Removed exhaust manifolds. At the right, the big bolt sticking out next to the lower timing chain cover, is the timing chain tensioner (also infamous for oil leakage). Notice that 1 stud stayed in the cilinder head:
The other side with removed exhaust manifolds. If you look closely, you'll see the actual exhaust valves. Again, 1 stud stayed in the cilinder head (by accident). The central bolt below exhaust port number #10 (third from right) is the coolant drain plug of the engine itself:
Old versus bead blasted exhaust manifolds (more on bead blasting later):
Starter removed, but torque convertor is still attached to the flywheel:
You don't see the back of the engine very often. The intake manifold gaskets are still attached. Between them is the plumbing of the coolant system. Now you have a good look at the coolant cross-over pipe (aka coolant collector) between the cilinder heads. Normally very hard to reach. Also you can see the 3 coolant sensors (from left to right: 1 for both DME's, 1 for EML and 1 for your temp gauge)
All bolts of the lower timing chain cover removed, crankshaft pulley and damper removed. You now see that it isn't necessary to remove the big crankshaft bolt to remove the crank pulley. And that is a good thing. The upper crankshaft position sensor is removed, the lower one still attached:
But this was a tough one, the big crankshaft bolt. It's bolted on with a staggering 440 Nm and you can't reuse this bolt, it's torque-to-yield and a beast to remove. Cor about this ' even an air impact wrench didn't do the job. Only the largest hammer I could find in combination with an incredible whack did it. Normally we use this kind of brute force for agriculture machines, not lightweight alloy v12's ':
Draining the engine oil, black as the night:
For removing the upper oil pan you need to remove tranmission, torque convertor and flywheel:
page 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
Information about the different varieties of tea, its impact on people, Australia , 1912
Although health benefits have been assumed throughout the history of using Camellia sinensis as a common beverage, there is no high-quality evidence that tea confers significant benefits.[1][2] In clinical research over the early 21st century, tea has been studied extensively for its potential to lower the risk of human diseases, but none of this research is conclusive as of 2017.[1]
In regions without access to safe drinking water, boiling water to make tea is effective for reducing waterborne diseases by destroying pathogenic microorganisms.
By constituents or substances [ edit ]
Aluminum, iron and other metals [ edit ]
Tea drinking accounts for a high proportion of aluminum in the human diet.[3] The levels are safe, but there has been some concern that aluminum traces may be associated with Alzheimer's disease. A 2013 study additionally indicated that some teas contained lead (mostly Chinese) and aluminum (Indian/Sri Lanka blends, China).[4] There is still insufficient evidence to draw firm conclusions on this subject.[5]
Most studies have found no association between tea intake and iron absorption.[6] However, drinking excessive amounts of black tea may inhibit the absorption of iron, and may harm people with anaemia.[7]
Concerns have been raised about the traditional method of over-boiling tea to produce a decoction, which may increase the amount of environmental contaminants released and consumed.[8]
Fluoride exposure [ edit ]
All tea leaves contain fluoride; however, mature leaves contain as much as 10 to 20 times the fluoride levels of young leaves from the same plant.[9][10]
The fluoride content of a tea leaf depends on the leaf picking method used and the fluoride content of the soil from which it has been grown; tea plants absorb this element at a greater rate than other plants. Care in the choice of the location where the plant is grown may reduce the risk.[11] It is speculated that hand-picked tea would contain less fluoride than machine-harvested tea, because there is a much lower chance of harvesting older leaves during the harvest process. A 2013 British study of 38 teas found that cheaper UK supermarket tea blends had the highest levels of fluoride with about 580 mg per kilogram, green teas averaged about 397 mg per kg and pure blends about 132 mg per kg. The researchers suggested that economy teas may use older leaves which contain more fluoride. They calculated a person drinking a litre of economy tea per day would consume about 6 mg of fluoride, above the recommended average dietary intake level of 3-4 mg of fluoride per day, but below the maximum tolerable amount of 10 mg of fluoride per day.[12]
Oxalates [ edit ]
Tea contains oxalate, overconsumption of which can cause kidney stones, as well as binding with free calcium in the body. The bioavailability of oxalate from tea is low, thus a possible negative effect requires a large intake of tea.[13] Massive black tea consumption has been linked to kidney failure due to its high oxalate content (acute oxalate nephropathy).[14][15]
Theanine and caffeine [ edit ]
Tea also contains theanine and the stimulant caffeine at about 3% of its dry weight, translating to between 30 mg and 90 mg per 8 oz (250 ml) cup depending on type, brand[16] and brewing method.[17] Tea also contains small amounts of theobromine and theophylline.[18] Dry tea has more caffeine by weight than dry coffee; nevertheless, more dry coffee than dry tea is used in typical drink preparations,[19] which results in a cup of brewed tea containing significantly less caffeine than a cup of coffee of the same size.
The caffeine in tea is a mild diuretic. However, the British Dietetic Association has suggested that tea can be used to supplement normal water consumption, and that "the style of tea and coffee and the amounts we drink in the UK are unlikely to have a negative effect [on hydration]".[20]
By conditions [ edit ]
Cognitive effects [ edit ]
Drinking caffeinated tea may improve mental alertness.[1] There is preliminary evidence that the caffeine from long-term tea (or coffee) consumption provides a small amount of protection against the progression of dementia or Alzheimer's disease during aging, although the results across numerous studies were inconsistent.[21]
Cancer [ edit ]
In 2011, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) reported that there was very little evidence to support the claim that green tea consumption may reduce the risk of breast and prostate cancer.[22]
The US National Cancer Institute reports that in epidemiological studies and the few clinical trials of tea for the prevention of cancer, the results have been inconclusive. The institute "does not recommend for or against the use of tea to reduce the risk of any type of cancer." ... "Inconsistencies in study findings regarding tea and cancer risk may be due to variability in tea preparation, tea consumption, the bioavailability of tea compounds (the amounts that can be absorbed by the body), lifestyle differences, and individual genetic differences."[23] Though there is some positive evidence for risk reduction of breast, prostate, ovarian, and endometrial cancers with green tea, it is weak and inconclusive.[24]
Meta-analyses of observational studies have concluded that black tea consumption does not appear to protect against the development of oral cancers in Asian or Caucasian populations, the development of esophageal cancer or prostate cancer in Asian populations, or the development of lung cancer.[25][26][27][28][29]
Cardiovascular disease [ edit ]
In preliminary long-term clinical studies, black tea consumption showed evidence for providing a small, reduced risk of stroke,[30][31] whereas, in another review, green tea and black tea did not have significant effects on the risk of coronary heart disease.[32] Two reviews of randomized controlled trials concluded that long-term consumption of black tea slightly lowers systolic and diastolic blood pressures (about 1–2 mmHg), a finding based on limited evidence.[33][34] A 2013 Cochrane review found some evidence of benefit from tea consumption on cardiovascular disease, though more research is needed. [33]
Fracture risk [ edit ]
Tea consumption does not appear to affect the risk of bone fracture including hip fractures or fractures of the humerus in men or women.[35]
Weight loss [ edit ]
Although green tea is commonly believed to be a weight loss aid, there is no good evidence that its long-term consumption has any meaningful benefit in helping overweight or obese people to lose weight, or that it helps to maintain a healthy body weight.[36] Use of green tea for attempted weight loss carries a small risk of adverse effects, such as nausea, constipation, and stomach discomfort.[36]
See also [ edit ]
Remember those Cherry MX green mechanical switches we tested last month? At the time, they were available only on a special version of Cooler Master's CM Storm Trigger keyboard. That model doesn't appear to be selling online anymore, but it looks like the switches have migrated to a new offering: the QuickFire Stealth. We caught our first glimpse of the Stealth at CES in January, and a variant with MX green switches is now listed on Cooler Master's site.
If you're unfamiliar with MX green switches, here's the scoop. The greens are similar to the MX blue switches in that they have a tactile "bump" and audible "click" at the actuation point. While the blues require 50 grams of force to actuate and 65 grams to bottom out, the greens take 80 g and 105 g, respectively. The stiffer springs more closely replicate the feel of the buckling spring switches in IBM's iconic Model M keyboard.
Prefer a different MX switch type? The Stealth is also available with blue, brown, and red variants of the Cherry switches.
There's more to the Stealth than its mechanical switches. This unique offering has no numeric keypad, and the tops of its keys are blank. Labels are instead found on the front face of each key, where they should be safe from wear and discoloration. The lettering should still be visible from a natural typing position, so this approach is a good alternative to the completely blank caps found on keyboards like the Das Ultimate.
The MX green version of the QuickFire Stealth appears to be out of stock at Cooler Master's online store. However, it looks like Amazon is carrying a non-Stealth version with traditional key lettering for $115. Newegg has the MX brown version of the Stealth listed for $90, but it's out of stock right now, and the green variant isn't listed at that vendor at all. Cooler Master also plans to bring MX green switches to new versions of its Trigger, QuickFire TK, and QuickFire XT. Before long, there should be plenty of options for folks who prefer stiff, clicky mechanical switches.
The National Rifle Association has insisted that childhood obesity is only an issue because of the dangerous lack of junk food available to American schoolchildren.
In a press conference opposite the White House, NRA spokesperson Wayne LaPierre told gathered reporters that his organisation cared deeply about the children of his country, and would not rest until every single one of them had easy access to a terrible diet.
Speaking in sombre tones, he said, “We are at crisis point, and the only way to stop our children being negatively affected by junk food, is to make sure they are surrounded by even more junk food.
“If you really think about it, no-one would be able to call a child ‘fat' if everyone had a BMI well into the 50s.
“Childhood obesity is only an issue because so few children have good access to junk food.”
LaPierre went on, “The liberal left will tell you that removing crappy foods from the equation would solve this crisis, but to that I would say ‘nay'.
“It is a constitutional and God-given right of every American to have access to burgers the size of your head. We just need to even up the playing field – by filling it completely with fat kids.
“So I call on congress today to ensure that every school in our great nation has easy access to cheap, poorly prepared fatty food with a low nutrient value.
“Then one day soon we can forget about which of our children is ‘fat', as they'll all be exactly the same. Like true, free Americans.”
In 1917, Britain issued the Balfour Declaration, promising a Jewish national homeland in Palestine. What people forget is that in 1939, Britain then issued a White Paper limiting Jewish immigration to Palestine — on the eve of the Holocaust — to a paltry 75,000 souls over five years. People forget, too, that as late as 1947, British troops at Haifa dock were locking Holocaust survivors who had escaped to Palestine in barbed wire cages, and then shipping them back to displaced persons camps in Germany.
A similar, sorry state prevails today with the Kurds — a predominantly Muslim nation of 25-35 million people currently divided between Turkey, Iraq, Iran and Syria, whose denizens in Iraq this week voted by a majority of 93 percent for independence.
Kurdistan should have come into existence a century ago, when Britain and France agreed that the Kurds — newly liberated from the Ottoman Empire –could hold a referendum on independence in about one quarter of the territory on which they live. But even that arrangement was too much for the Turks, and the Western imperial powers caved in, paving the way for a hundred years of political and ethnic repression, military campaigns targeting Kurdish civilians, and even genocide.
Related coverage ‘Anti-Zionism' Without the Hyphen JNS.org - To hyphenate or not to hyphenate? One of the more enduring debates among scholars of antisemitism is whether to...
Just as the Zionists were given false hope, so were the Kurds. Just as the Zionists had to fight for self-determination at a time when the world frowned on the idea of a Jewish state, so now are the Kurds.
At least, in 1948, when the entire Arab League tried to stomp on Israel at birth, the independence of the Jewish state was recognized by the great powers — the US and the Soviet Union. To date, only Israel has publicly backed the independence referendum in Kurdistan. The rest of the world — including, with woeful hypocrisy, the Brits, fresh from their own “Brexit” referendum on leaving the EU — has lined up behind the demand of Turkey, Iran and the Iranian-proxy regime in Baghdad that Kurdistan can never claim its right to be recognized on the map of the world.
Most shameful of all, though, has been the response of Washington –because, quite frankly, we are entitled to expect much better.
It shouldn't be surprising that the progressive activists who flock to Palestinians act as if the Kurds don't even exist, or that most Americans don't know anything about the Kurds in the first place — or even that Europe is continuing its noble foreign policy tradition of betraying the cause of freedom in the post-colonial world.
But it should be surprising, at the very least, that the Trump administration — whose strategy of eliminating Islamic State involved the loss of hundreds of brave Kurdish fighters — should address the independence referendum in a tone marked by profound ignorance and shocking ingratitude.
Take this nonsensical statement issued by State Department spokeswoman, Heather Nauert, on the day of the referendum: “The United States is deeply disappointed that the Kurdistan Regional Government decided to conduct today a unilateral referendum on independence,” she said. “The United States' historic relationship with the people of the Iraqi Kurdistan Region will not change in light of today's non-binding referendum, but we believe this step will increase instability and hardships for the Kurdistan region and its people.”
Nauert seems to be saying that while we have a “historic relationship” with the Kurds, we shouldn't let that get in the way of making the right decision –which, in this case, means kowtowing to the Turkish-Iranian-Iraqi alliance. It means telling the Kurds that while some nations, including our very own, have the right to separate from other nations, they don't.
It means — unbelievably — telling the Kurds that they are better off remaining in the same unified Iraq that, in the late 1980s, engaged in a campaign of genocide known as the “Anfal,” in which thousands of Kurds were exterminated by Saddam Hussein's chemical weapons. And it means pretending, à la Heather Nauert, that the failed state of Iraq is really on the way to becoming, in her words, “united, federal, democratic and prosperous.”
The Kurds should not have to put up with these kinds of insults, which demonstrate no sensitivity to their history and no love for the enormous sacrifices that they have made on our behalf. I was proud that Israel took the lonely stance that it did. By the same token, I was disappointed that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu then issued an instruction to stop talking about the referendum — because it was the right thing to do. And because the Turkish dictator Erdoğan and the mullahs in Iran are correct that an independent Kurdistan will be a strategic Muslim ally of the Jewish state.
You've seen the horror heavy-hitters, like Halloween, The Shining, and The Exorcist. You've also seen the most-beloved cult horror flicks, like Evil Dead 2 and Re-Animator. Now, peel away one more layer and unearth some obscure horror gems that are primed to infect your nightmares with fresh terrors.
1) Q: The Winged Serpent
The bizarre mind of B-movie master Larry Cohen (It's Alive, God Told Me To, The Stuff) hatched this tale about the bloodthirsty rampage of Quetzalcoatl, the Aztec feathered serpent, after it's summoned by murderous cultists to roost atop the Chrysler Building in 1982 New York City. Naturally, this perplexes the police (David Carradine and Richard “Shaft” Roundtree, as well as at least one supporting player who goes undercover as a mime), but the best part of Q is Michael Moriarty as a ne'er-do-well jewel thief/wannabe jazz pianist, who stumbles upon the giant creature's nest and attempts to use that information to his advantage. His bizarrely loosey-goosey performance has no business being in a monster movie, but it fits in perfectly nonetheless, and it's so much fun to watch that it elevates Q from mere oddity to must-see oddball classic.
2) The Burning
Summer-camp slasher The Burning owes a lot to Friday the 13th, for obvious reasons, though it's now most-remembered for a cast that includes Holly Hunter, Fisher Stevens, and Jason Alexander, all showbiz noobs back in 1981. (It's also one of Harvey Weinstein's first productions, but that's a whole other kind of horror entirely.) The story borrows from an actual urban legend, naming its killer Cropsey after the legendary boogeyman, but its structure is pretty standard slasher stuff: Aterrible prank gone awry sets the stage for an even more terrible campaign of bloody revenge. (Interestingly, there's a “final boy” at the end, rather than the traditional “final girl.”) But the killer's weapon of choice—a pair of oversized garden shears—is actually way creepier than Voorhees' machete, and lends itself to all manner of gruesome special effects created by Tom Savini, who'd worked on Friday the 13th a year prior and very nearly outdoes himself here.
3) Two Thousand Maniacs!
You have to imagine the title, with its exclamation point of urgency, being shrieked from the mouths of its ill-fated main characters—road-trippers who happen upon a Southern town that magically appears every 100 years to unleash bloodthirsty revenge on any Yankees that dare cross its borders. It's packed with over-the-top redneck stereotypes, it's ludicrously gruesome, and it's got a banjo-twanging theme song that's way too cheerful to be part of a movie with this level of cartoonish brutality. Writer-director-cinematographer Herschell Gordon Lewis cranked out dozens of movies in the 1960s and early 1970s aimed at grindhouse audiences, including several that poked fun at backwoods-yokel types—but the Godfather of Gore always considered this ultra-dark comedy to be his personal favorite of the bunch.
4) Trick or Treat
Not Trick ‘r Treat. This is the totally ripping 1986 tale of a high-school hesher named Eddie (played by Marc Price, a.k.a. Skippy from Family Ties) who snags a copy of his favorite rocker's posthumous last album from his friendly local radio DJ (Gene Simmons)—only to realize the record contains a backwards message from beyond the grave. (It is titled Songs in the Key of Death, which is both a Stevie Wonder nod and cheeky foreshadowing in one.) The big finale, which sees Eddie frantically trying to prevent the demonic music from causing mass destruction, takes place at the Halloween dance for added seasonal flavor. And if it all this is starting to sound like a movie insidiously designed to caution kids against headbanging, keep in mind it includes a knowingly campy cameo from Ozzy Osbourne as a slick-haired, tie-wearing TV evangelist delivering a talk-show rant about the evils of heavy metal.
Advertisement
5) Inferno
Suspiria gets all the applause, but the second entry in Dario Argento's “Three Mothers” trilogy is just as scary—and perhaps even more of a gorgeously surreal (and not-infrequently nonsensical) nightmare. Mark, a music student in Rome, receives a strange missive from his sister, Rose, who's taken up residence in the spookiest New York City apartment building since the bewitched Bramford in Rosemary's Baby. After she vanishes, he heads to America and turns detective, uncovering dark secrets that won't surprise anyone who's seen Suspiria, but will still probably scare them anyway—the final scene is highly unsettling. In fact, Inferno is filled with scenes that will haunt you: Mark getting a staredown from a mysterious beautiful woman in one of his classes; Rose diving into an underground pool and encountering a swimming zombie; and one of the freakiest cat-and-rat filled death scenes ever committed to celluloid.
6) Sugar Hill
“Supernatural voodoo woman, do her wrong and you won't see the liiight,” warns the song that underscores Sugar Hill's opening and closing credits. Unfortunately for them, the gangsters who beat the title character's boyfriend to death (in the parking lot of his own nightclub, no less) within the movie's first five minutes don't follow the lyrics' advice. Of course, that allows Diana, nicknamed Sugar (Marki Bey), to open the throttle on her vengeance engine, aided by an undead voodoo king who summons an army of cobweb-covered, shiny-eyed zombies to helpfully escort Sugar's enemies to their doom. (“I hope they're into white trash,” Sugar quips after feeding one hapless enemy to a pen full of hungry pigs.) Sugar Hill's Southern setting and supernatural themes make it somewhat unique among Blaxploitation films, but it also has two of the genre's most popular elements, done exceptionally well—namely a compelling revenge story and a charismatic, badass female lead.
7) The Pit
Horny tweenage outcast Jamie has no friends except for his oversized teddy bear, who “speaks” to him and agrees with everything he says... while urging him to do very bad things. That would absolutely be enough fodder for a horror movie right there, but The Pit goes one further with its giant, gaping, you-know-what in the ground, which is filled with toothy creatures called “Tra-la-logs” that depend on Jamie to feed their incessant hunger. Of course, he's all too happy to oblige. The Pit, which proudly calls itself “Canuxploitation,” tics many familiar boxes—the freaky kid, the talking doll, the glowing-eyed monsters, the totally twisted ending—but its genial yet psychotic tone makes it feel like a completely original creation.
8) The Exorcist III
Part one is an absolute classic, part two is crap, but The Exorcist III has its own weird magic. William Peter Blatty, who wrote the original novel, penned the script and directed this 1990 film that brings back the first film's Father Karras (Jason Miller), but mostly focuses on a Georgetown detective (George C. Scott) who's investigating a series of occult-themed murders. The crimes resemble those perpetuated by “The Gemini,” a serial killer who was supposedly executed years prior but may have passed his soul into other unwitting corporeal hosts. The TV show version of The Exorcist is supposed to pay homage to this film's biggest scare this season—a pants-wettingly terrifying scene set in a hospital that will fuck you up even if viewed out of context (which you can do here).
9) Pulse (Kairo)
Kiyoshi Kurosawa's phenomenally eerie, visually striking ghost story came out in 2001 at the height of J-horror fever, and while it did get an obligatory American remake, it never seemed to get as much attention as Ju-On or Ringu. That's probably because it moves at a slower pace, investing in dread rather than jump scares. There are plenty of scenes driven by disturbing, unexplainable things—and so many ghosts that even Kairo's repeated instances of people staring at computer screens (normally the most boring thing a movie can do) can be downright petrifying. And its frights don't just come from the beyond; they're also drawn from the living, as characters face the sheer horror of being human in a world that's increasingly filled with loneliness, disconnect, and the unshakable sense that doomsday is just around the corner.
10) Cannibal Apocalypse
War is hell, but war also dips into hell's sub-basement when soldiers become infected with a crazy virus that gives them an insatiable craving for human flesh. Most of the film—directed by the prolific Italian filmmaker Antonio Margheriti, who never met a genre he didn't like—takes place back in Atlanta, where a Vietnam vet (the reliably great John Saxon) begins to reconnect with his unit and makes a stomach-turning discovery about the strange affliction that's followed them all home. The blood flows and bites mount up as doctors, cops, and eventually even a biker gang get pulled into the gore-splattered insanity. What more do you want, really? How about one of the greatest titles in cinema history... because it does not get any more evocative than Cannibal-freaking-Apocalypse.
Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson found out during a visit to his hometown of Richmond, Va. over the weekend that he is descended from royalty.
Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson has just a little bit of free time left this spring before he'll turn his attention again to football with the team's off-season program beginning April 18.
So how did Wilson spend his most recent Saturday? According to the Richmond Times-Dispatch, Wilson found out he is descended from royalty.
During a visit back to his hometown over the weekend, Wilson attended the Richmond Forum where he made an appearance with historian Henry Louis Gates Jr. Gates, the host of the PBS show “Finding Your Roots” told Wilson he had researched his lineage.
As the story says, Wilson “learned of a heritage including slaves, free blacks and whites — reaching all the way back to Saint Arnulf, the bishop of Metz, born in 582. The strands of ancestry included at least one English king.” (As a fun aside, Saint Arnulf is known for, among other things, The Legend of the Beer Mug).
The story quotes Wilson as saying “I knew it” as he stood and pumped a fist.
The story also details that Gates found that Wilson's paternal great-great-great-great-grandmother, Charity Southgate, was a slave “but had been born to a white woman and was entitled to freedom, according to the law of the time.”
The story notes that at the end of the night, Wilson was asked his thoughts on what he had learned and said: “Some of our ancestors may have grown up as slaves. Some may have been slave owners. … We forget we're all human.”
Wilson also made an appearance at a youth football camp and told kids to “go outside.”
Wilson is expected to lead his annual week of off-season workouts with Seahawks' teammates sometime next week in advance of the beginning of the official off-season workout program in Renton in two weeks.
My birthday is coming up at the end of the month, but instead of asking for presents, I'm giving away presents!! Totes CRaZy!
GRAND PRIZE
ANY mechanical keyboard of your choice from the KeyChatter mechanical keyboard buyer's guide. Plus, you'll get a custom, handmade in the USA soft keyboard carrying case to go with it – even pick one of our new special edition designs!
2ND, 3RD, 4TH, AND 5TH PLACE PRIZES
A soft keyboard carrying case of your choice, including any special edition design!
LAST PLACE CONSOLATION PRIZE
1 Kleenex tissue
FAQ
Man this is legit cray-cray How win??//
I know it is. No purchase is necessary to win. Just three steps: 1) Follow KeyChatter on Twitter, 2) retweet this tweet, and 3) tweet me your dream keyboard with hashtag #DreamKeyboard.
This giveaway is single-entry. Do not try to game the system or you will be completely disqualified. 🙁
Follow @keychatter
How long is the giveaway?
It will close sometime during the day on 2/28/2015, whenever I feel like it, so don't wait until the last minute.
How will the winner be picked?
The TL;DR is randomly, but here are the details:
Sometime on 2/28 I'll announce the contest is closed, and create a list of everyone who correctly entered the contest by following the 3 easy steps above.
I'll randomize the rows in the list using Excel, and post the list publicly. People who made it into rows 1-59 will be finalists. Everyone else will be out!
When the Powerball numbers come out that night, the five white balls will be first through fifth place, left to right. The red Powerball will win the tissue. If there are duplicate numbers, some people will win more than one prize!
Don't delay, enter now: 1) click the button below to follow KeyChatter now, 2) retweet this tweet, and 3) tweet at me with your dream mechanical keyboard with hashtag #DreamKeyboard! Yolo! ^______^
Good luck.
Follow @keychatter
"I'm not gonna make it easy on them because I think this is terrible for the country," Rand Paul said. | Getty Despite threats, Paul can't filibuster budget deal
Rand Paul is vowing to filibuster the bipartisan deal to fund the government and raise the debt ceiling.
Unfortunately for him, Mitch McConnell just made that impossible.
Story Continued Below
Paul said he would filibuster starting Thursday afternoon after speaking to students at University of Colorado Boulder before the GOP debate.
"I'm not gonna make it easy on them because I think this is terrible for the country," Paul said at a press conference after the meeting.
But on Wednesday, Senate Majority Mitch McConnell set in motion votes for later this week or early next week to pass the budget agreement. The deal is loathed by conservatives, including Paul and his Senate rivals for the GOP nomination, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz.
Paul, Cruz and Rubio all missed budget briefings in Washington this week, declining the opportunity to give McConnell input while they campaigned and prepared for Wednesday's debate. In Colorado, Paul argued that he was “right in the middle of, I think, the biggest news story right now in our country,” the budget deal.
“Republicans have made with this president … a rotten to the core deal,” Paul said. “I'm going to filibuster, as soon as I get done with this presidential debate thing. I'm going back to Washington and I will commence filibustering it starting tomorrow afternoon."
But if Paul really wanted to filibuster the bipartisan deal to fund the government and raise the debt ceiling, he needed to be in Washington to halt McConnell from greasing the procedural skids. It would have been very difficult, physically, for Paul to speak continuously through the weekend to edge the country toward a Nov. 3 default. But after McConnell's action on Wednesday, it's impossible.
Alternatively, Paul could marshal 41 votes against the measure to stop it, an incredibly unlikely outcome given bipartisan support for the package. Sergio Gor, a spokesman for Paul, said that McConnell is taking action to end debate because of Paul's objections.
"Senate leadership has filed cloture. The reason that is happening is because Senator Rand Paul is already objecting and forcing them to," Gor said.
Paul raised his filibuster plans immediately in Wednesday's night's debate.
Paul can complain about the deal and may even be able to receive consent to speak for an extended period. But it won't have the tangible effect he caused in the spring, when he forced a two-day lapse of anti-terrorism laws over privacy concerns after he objected to McConnell's attempts to fast-track a revival of the law.
If he wants to, McConnell can seek to limit Paul's time to fume against the budget agreement, as he did to Sen. Cruz (R-Texas) last month. But since McConnell has endorsed Paul, he may treat his Kentucky colleague more gently than Cruz, who has made his war with McConnell a theme in the presidential campaign.
Paul couldn't say exactly how his “filibuster” would play out. Asked if it would be a "Rand Paul filibuster" or a regular filibuster, Paul responded: "We'll see.”
Collins reported from Colorado.
Existence is measured in age. How many years has a mortal lived? What was the construction date of the Parthenon? When were the cosmos formed? Time begins at birth, at creation. But, inevitably, time for all things comes to an end.Except, of course, time itself.Bearer of the clock of eternity, rimmed by signs of the Zodiac, the Keeper of Time, Chronos, counts every tick of the second hand, preventing interference with that essential forward momentum.If he knows who or when the eternal clock was wound, Chronos does not tell, but upon the first stroke, he came to be. Emptiness was the ocean, then, and his only companion was Ananke, Queen of Fate. Together, their powers divided the vastness into heaven and earth and sea and sky. Thereafter, Chronos became an observer, the watchman of infinity.Patient to a fault, Chronos knows no urgency. He does not fear pain, or war, or death, for he is time itself and will outlast all. For this reason, his presence on the field of battle is alarming. This war between Gods must portend a conclusion so dire as to threaten the very existence of time. Perhaps, all the Gods should begin counting the seconds of the eternal clock. There may be few of them remaining.YOU CAN FIND THE GAME HERE!See you soon!
Anti-Gay Ethiopians Freak Out as Rainbow Welcomes President Obama
Commentators perceived it as a good sign, just a very heterosexual one.
Photo via Facebook/Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus
President Barack Obama has been using his time in Africa to advocate for the rights and dignity of LGBT people. Currently, only 21 of the 56 countries on the continent have decriminalized homosexuality, and only South Africa has legal recognition for trans people.
Obama first arrived in Kenya, where, despite warnings not to discuss LGBT issues, he said in no uncertain terms that LGBT rights are human rights. Aware of his policy of spreading acceptance and protections abroad, many anti-gay Africans have been on their guard. So when a rainbow was seen in the sky as Air Force One landed in Addis Ababa on Sunday, a number of Ethiopian commentators had meltdowns.
The above photo, posted by Ethiopia's Foreign Minister Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, was captioned:
"President Barack Obama just landed in ‪#‎AddisAbaba‬ ‪#‎Ethiopia‬ for his three days official visit. Stunning ‪#‎Rainbow‬ on the skies of Addis as he landed."
Comments quickly turned heated, however, as people lashed out at the LGBT community. Below are a number of comments rounded up by Gay Star News:
"This rainbow is sign of God's protection from every evil activities like obama's government allow homosexual not sign of well come." "So be careful mr obama to your agendas and activities for these 2 days cuz this is Ethiopia not American or Kenya." "Don't forget ! In Our motherland Ethiopia , the rainbow symbolizes God's promise for mankind, not homosexuality!" "No dirty gay marriage in our continent Africa." "Please keep your homosexual agenda in Air Force One before u step on the holy land. Thanks."
In Ethiopia, homosexuality is illegal and punishable by up to 15 years in prison. Over the years, President Obama's administration has embraced the promotion of LGBT rights and equality abroad as a cornerstone of foreign policy. Speaking alongside Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta last week, Obama said:
“I believe in the principle of treating people equally under the law, that they are deserving of equal protection under the law, that the state should not discriminate against people based on their sexual orientation."
(H/T Gay Star News)
Everyone's been panicking about what will happen to the Game of Thrones TV show. First, there's the problem of the quickly-aging cast of child actors who feature heavily in the show. Then, there's the fact that author George R.R. Martin has still only written five of his seven planned books in the Song of Ice and Fire series; the HBO show could easily run into him. And then there's a problem of scale: the universe just keeps getting bigger—perhaps too big for a TV show to contain.
Martin has told Vanity Fair in the past that he hopes HBO, which is entering its fourth season of Thrones this spring, will dedicate five more seasons to books four through six and then another one or two for book seven (and maybe a few seasons of prequels thrown in there as he stalls for time). As TIME's James Poniewozik points out, there's no way that HBO is putting out ten to fourteen total seasons of this high-budget show.
Now Martin has come up with another solution: a movie. “It all depends on how long the main series runs,” Martin told the Hollywood Reporter on Wednesday during the season four New York City premiere. “Do we run for seven years? Do we run for eight? Do we run for 10? The books get bigger and bigger [in scope]. It might need a feature to tie things up, something with a feature budget, like $100 million for two hours. Those dragons get real big, you know.”
So fans of the HBO show would be forced to wait to see the conclusion to the tale on the big screen. Here's betting they'll make those dragons 3D.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
He also suggested films could be made from the novella prequels he has penned, Tales of Dunk and Egg. “They could be the basis for [a film],” Martin said at the post-premiere party at the Museum of Natural History. “I have written these three stories, and I have about a dozen more.”
Let's hope that Martin concentrates on churning out those last two books before he starts knocking on Warner Bros. door.
[THR]
Write to Eliana Dockterman at eliana.dockterman@time.com.
Sometime next year, the California Supreme Court will decide whether Los Angeles Sheriff Jim McDonnell can hand over to the district attorney the names of about 300 deputies who engaged in misconduct that raises questions about their credibility.
That's important for District Attorney Jackie Lacey to know. Sheriff's deputies bring thousands of criminal cases to her office for prosecution every year. If any have lied in the past on police reports or used excessive force, she may want to probe the deputies role in the case.
Lacey is also obligated under a 1963 United States Supreme Court decision known as Brady to notify the opposing defense attorney of any evidence that might point to the defendant's innocence. That includes identifying officers involved in the case who have lied in the past.
But California also has something called a "Pitchess process" that some say runs counter to what's known as Brady obligations.
Pitchess is at the heart of the case before the state's high court, where the Association of Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputies (ALADS) is fighting to stop the sheriff from taking the unprecedented move of simply giving the DA the list.
ALADS argues police agencies can almost never release personnel files or any portion of them. Together with police unions around the state, ALADS over the years has successfully lobbied for the most restrictive police records laws in the nation.
The origins of Pitchess
Some quick history: Peter Pitchess was an L.A. County Sheriff himself, starting in 1958 and serving for nearly a quarter century. But unlike McDonnell, he sought to quash a defendant's effort to reveal misconduct by a group of deputies. The deputies had arrested the defendent on charges he assaulted them.
A judge ordered Pitchess to produce a portion of the deputies' personnel records. The sheriff refused and appealed to the state supreme court. Pitchess lost and was forced to turn over the records.
Through that 1974 court case and rules set up later by the state legislature, the Pitchess process was born. It's designed to balance the rights of defendants to find out if the officer who arrested them has engaged in misconduct in the past with the privacy rights of the officer with regard to their personnel file.
But many criminal defense attorneys say Pitchess has instead become another barrier to transparency, a law enforcement wall beyond which nobody is permitted.
“Finding out when police are lying is probably the most difficult thing about being a defense lawyer,” said Charles Anderson, who was a public defender for eight years before landing at UCLA teaching criminal trial advocacy.
Here's how Pitchess works:
First, an attorney needs to get a tip from his client or a police officer or a city attorney or prosecutor that an officer may have a history of misconduct. The attorney must then file a notice that he intends to file a Pitchess motion 16 court days and five extra calendar days in advance of filing it. The attorney must show "good cause" for getting the information.
The judge reviews the officer's file and determines if anything in it is relevant to the criminal case. For example, is the defendant charged with assaulting the officer and the officer has a history of excessive force?
But defense attorneys are not immediately entitled to any discipline or complaint associated with the officer. Instead, the judge will only give them the name, number and address of the person who filed the complaint against the officer. They often are hard to track down and reluctant to testify against the officer in a case they have nothing to do with.
“I can count on one hand – and I don't need any fingers – the number of times I've gotten useful information that made a difference in the outcome,” said Andy Bouvier-Brown, a criminal defense attorney in Los Angeles. He blames the Pitchess process and wonders if some police departments don't hide discipline records.
Pitchess produces other barriers. Misconduct more than five years old generally cannot be used against the officer and defense attorneys cannot share information about problem officers.
ALADS declined to comment for this story.
Retired Superior Court Judge Richard Neidorf, a former deputy district attorney and police officer, thinks cops need that kind of protection from frivolous claims of misconduct.
But he also acknowledges that defense attorneys in particular face huge hurdles to raise even legitimate questions about a cops credibility. But he's unsure of how to rectify that without infringing on police officers' privacy.
"That's the way the system is," Neidorf told KPCC. "The system is not always fair.”
He notes it doesn't necessarily make sense for prosecutors to have to rely on police departments to identify their own officers who've committed misconduct.
Lacey walks fine line
While the DA's prosecutors often fight any defense effort to impeach an officer, Lacey this year also broadened the type of conduct that can land a cop on her list of officers with credibility problems.
She won't say how many are on the list, but says the number runs into the hundreds. The list was started by former DA Steve Cooley about ten years ago.
The DA's list also now includes a section for police who have been accused of wrongdoing but investigators cleared the officer or decided there wasn't enough evidence to determine guilt or innocence.
Lacey's effort to strengthen how she handles “Brady” material in part was motivated by a 2015 law that bolsters a judge's ability to remove a prosecutor who withholds evidence. The judge could also eject the DA's office entirely from a case.
When the Los Angeles Times got ahold of an old list of deputies with credibility problems and published an article earlier this month, Lacey said her office didn't even know about some of the 22 deputies named in it.
“It was good to have that information because we're trying cases relying on sheriff's deputies,” she told KPCC.
But she still lacks access to sheriff and police lists of problem cops they employ. In fact, she said she doesn't know how many police departments even have such lists.
After the publication of the sheriff's names, s0me defense attorneys immediately reviewed old cases to see if any of the deputies were involved in sending their clients to prison. But an appeal arguing the DA failed to disclose the deputy's past misconduct would face an uphill battle, said defense attorney Robert Schwartz.
For one thing, most of the misconduct happened longer than five years ago – the cutoff to introduce it in court proceedings. Plus, judges are always reluctant to revisit cases in which there was a plea deal or trial and the one appeal the state guarantees you by providing a free lawyer.
“I believe there is going to be some institutional resistance to that," said Schwartz.
Does Pitchess work?
Lacey would not answer the most obvious question: does the Pitchess process of identifying lying cops work in California?
“That's an interesting question, that's an interesting question,” Lacey said.
It's worth noting Lacey's office has to work with cops every day and her own 200 plus investigators are members of the deputy's union. She's balancing the demands of a lot of constituencies.
As for the sheriff's case before the state supreme court – the one that will determine whether she gets the secret list of deputies who may have credibility problems – Lacey walks a fine line again. She has refused to file an Amicus brief backing the sheriff but says she certainly supports the effort.
“If the court rules against the sheriff – which it may very well give the state's laws favoring police officers – the DA should lobby the legislature for changes,” said attorney Peter Eliasberg of the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California.
“Police and a lot of prosecutors may think Pitchess is working fine, but it's not,” he said.
A family of four has been found dead in what authorities say appears to be a murder-suicide in Grayson Lakes, a Katy-area subdivision.According to the Fort Bend County Sheriff's office, the four victims were all found dead of gunshot wounds in a home in the 1300 block of Longdraw Drive around 9:30am.Authorities were called to the home by relatives who requested a welfare check. The victims were found in various bedrooms, officials say.The victims were identified as 37-year-old Jeremy Raju Srinivasan and 35-year-old Natalie Altier Srinivasan, and their children, a six-year-old girl and a two-year-old boy.Shocked neighbors say the family showed no outward signs of conflict."My daughter was texting with Natalie last night about 9:00 about how they were going to get to work today, what the traffic and the flooding was going to be like," neighbor Barbara Loven says. "Everything seemed normal."According to Fort Bend County Sheriff Troy Nehls, the investigation is still ongoing.
Center Nenad Krstic has agreed to a two-year contract with CSKA Moscow, Boston Celtics general manager Danny Ainge confirmed to the Boston Globe.
Earlier Thursday, the Russian International News Agency reported that the deal was worth $8.8 million.
The contract likely cannot be completed until Krstic's NBA deal with the Celtics officially expires later this month. Krstic's European management firm, Invictus Sports Group, which he joined late last month to manage his overseas opportunities, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Since the Celtics were bounced from the playoffs by the Miami Heat last month, there have been numerous reports of overseas interest in Krstic, who will be an unrestricted free agent. The Serbia native is no stranger to international ball and it should come as no surprise that he'd be interested in playing there during an NBA work stoppage.
During the offseason following the 2007-08 season, Krstic signed an almost identical deal with Russian Super League team Triumph Lyubertsy that included an NBA opt-out option, which Krstic utilized to then sign with the Oklahoma City Thunder in December 2008.
Krstic, acquired with Jeff Green and a future first-round pick in the deadline day swap that sent Kendrick Perkins and Nate Robinson to Oklahoma City, earned $5.5 million last season. The Celtics had expressed an interest in retaining his services and might be able to offer a slight bump in pay should a new collective bargaining agreement give teams that same advantage at inking their own free agents as the one that is set to expire does.
The 27-year-old Krstic averaged 9.1 points and 5.3 rebounds over 23 minutes per game in Boston. He made 24 appearances with the team, starting 20 games, but late-season knee injuries limited his postseason role.
"So here's what happened with Krstic: Krstic played great when he first got here, and then he hit a slump. He wasn't playing well for a while, and then he got hurt," Ainge said after the season. "He had the bruised knee -- we were worried that it (was) something worse. With all of the injuries, it seemed like whoever was playing center for us this year got hurt. So he got hurt and he never really got his starting job back after he got hurt, and then he got hurt again on a different knee. He had two bruised knees."
Drafted 24th overall by the New Jersey Nets in the 2002 draft, Krstic played professionally in Serbia for four seasons before joining the Nets for the 2004-05 season. Krstic was averaging career highs at 16.4 points and 6.8 rebounds per game during the 2006-07 campaign before suffering an ACL injury. He returned the following season, but labored and ultimately signed with Russian squad Triumph Lyubertsy the next offseason.
By mid-December of 2008, he had agreed to a three-year deal with the Thunder and returned to NBA play. It's likely that Krstic could ink a similar deal with a European team this summer, then explore his NBA options whenever it appears the NBA could start its 2011-12 season, which could be pushed back by a potential lockout.
What would Krstic's potential departure mean for Boston? It would further thin a frontcourt that currently only boasts Kevin Garnett and Jermaine O'Neal under contract for next season. Top frontcourt reserve Glen Davis is also an unrestricted free agent this summer, while Shaquille O'Neal retired after one season in Boston. The Celtics could use a young and experienced big man like Krstic who can step into a starting role, especially if Jermaine O'Neal is unable to hold up to the rigors of a (potential) 82-game season.
Chris Forsberg covers the Celtics for ESPNBoston.com.
The "scandal of prediction," to use a phrase coined by the social critic Nassim Taleb, is that individuals--no matter how expert their training--are terrible at it. Governments and businesses expend enormous amounts of energy and money trying to forecast the future, and routinely fail.
Over the past 30 years, for instance, the revolution in Iran, the fall of the Berlin Wall and the fact that, in 2003, Iraq turned out not to have weapons of mass destruction all came as surprises to the analysts in the U.S. intelligence community. But it's not just the C.I.A. that missed the boat. In his fascinating book Expert Political Judgment, the political scientist Philip Tetlock concludes--after a decades-long study involving almost 300 experts who made more than 80 thousand predictions about the likelihood of geopolitical events--that, on the whole, experts are poor forecasters at best.
In fact, most barely outperformed complete amateurs. Business' track records seem hardly better: The vast majority of new products fail, stock pickers are regularly topped by dart-throwing monkeys and even mundane processes like sales forecasting or predicting when products will launch are often surprisingly inaccurate.
Now, it may be that individual forecasters have compiled such a dismal track record because the task they're asked to perform is at its core, impossible. In other words, they can't predict the future because the future is, by nature, unpredictable. But another possibility is that we've just chosen the wrong forecasting method.
Perhaps, instead of relying on the judgment of individual forecasters, who are subject to all kinds of psychological biases, institutional pressures and limits on the amount of information they can process, we might end up with better results if we tapped the collective intelligence of forecasters as a whole. That, at least, is the idea that is leading at least a few businesses and government agencies to experiment with what are usually called prediction markets.
Prediction markets come in many stripes, but most work by allowing people to bet--by buying and selling futures contracts--on the likelihood of future events, with the result that the market price of those contracts reflects traders' collective forecast of how likely an event is to occur.
There are public prediction markets, like the Iowa Electronic Markets and Intrade, where people speculate on things like the 2008 elections, high-profile criminal cases and geopolitical events, or the Hollywood Stock Exchange, where traders try to predict box office results and Oscar winners. And there are internal prediction markets, usually run inside companies, that try to predict things like product sales, launch dates and political events that have important business ramifications.
While the idea of using a market to make forecasts may seem arcane at best and downright crazy at worst, it's backed by both theory and practice. Group judgments that aggregate diverse and independent opinions--the way, theoretically, the market prices a stock--are generally very good, and over time tend to outperform even the best individual forecasters.
And certain betting markets, at least, have an excellent track record of predicting the future. Point spreads on college basketball games, for instance, are surprisingly accurate forecasts of actual margins of victory. Even more strikingly, the odds on horses at the race track predict almost exactly how likely it is that a horse will win--horses that go off at 3-to-1 odds win just about a quarter of the time, horses that go off at 4-to-1 odds win a fifth of the time, and so on.
It's not exactly surprising, then, that at least some prediction markets seem to do a good job of predicting the future, in matters both small and large. Since 1988, when it first began, the Iowa Electronics Market has consistently outperformed polls in predicting presidential elections. The Hollywood Stock Exchange has, over the last four years, accurately predicted more than 90% of Oscar winners. The forecasts of Google's internal prediction market have mapped almost perfectly onto actual outcomes.
And companies including Best Buy, Microsoft and Arcelor Mittal have all experimented successfully with using prediction markets to make their internal forecasts more accurate. These markets are, in fact, especially valuable within big organizations, because they allow companies to aggregate the knowledge of their employees quickly and efficiently, let them circumvent bureaucratic barriers to the flow of information, and give employees an incentive to uncover and disclose valuable information.
So what's the catch? Only this: We're still not sure how far into the future prediction markets can really look, or whether they're going to be able to foresee the kind of world- or business-altering events that Tetlock, for instance, asked his experts about.
So far, prediction markets' track record has been built on predicting events that will occur in the near future, and where the range of variables that might determine that future is reasonably small and well defined. (Elections, sales forecasts and product launch dates all fall into this category.) But prediction markets haven't, for the most part, been used to try to predict things like the fall of the Soviet Union, and so it's not clear whether a market would really be able to foresee events that represent a dramatic break with the past, rather than an evolution from it.
This hardly means that prediction markets are of little use: The kind of forecasting problems that these markets are good at are fundamental to any business. Using prediction markets internally should have a beneficial effect on a company's bottom line.
But it is fair to say that we don't know enough yet to say that prediction markets really solve the crystal-ball problem when it comes to the long-term future. What we need now is to start using prediction markets to ask bigger questions, which will eventually help us understand what the problem with forecasting really is: Is it how we're trying to predict the future? Or is it that we're trying to predict the future at all?
James Surowiecki is the author of The Wisdom of Crowds, a best-selling book on prediction markets. He is also a staff writer at The New Yorker, where he writes a popular business column, "The Financial Page."
After 18 days of protest the people of Egypt have successfully and peacefully ended the reign of Hosni Mubarak, demanding freedom, democracy and human rights for their nation. Unfortunately, the latest version of Democracy on the market is no longer compatible with Freedom or Human Rights. Western Leaders were sad to break the news to the hopeful Egyptian populace. “Yeah, I guess they thought we still sold the original version of Democracy, but nobody makes that model any more. You can't find that thing anywhere!” Chuckled White House spokesman Robert Gibbs. “While it's true that Democracy 1.0 did include a freedom and human rights component, in order to streamline the product and make it easier to use, none of the newer versions carry that feature. It was very glitchy. But the newer versions run much more smoothly for the operators, so I think whoever ends up in charge over in Egypt will be much happier, and that's what's important in a democracy.” Democracy salesman Ken Krisp elaborated: “Look, just like Jesus used to say ‘the times they are a changing,' and Democracy is too. Skeptics will always complain about the newer and better models, and there's always the hopeless nostalgians who will tell you about the good ol' days… but the fact is Democracy is new and improved, and a big reason for that is our new, freedom-limited, freedom-suppressed and freedom-free editions, which are selling very well all over the globe to satisfied customers. And satisfied customers are what's important in a democracy. Just ask our regional Corporation Compatibility Manager.” Tim O'Brien, The regional Corporation Compatibility Manager agreed one hundred percent with Ken Krisp: “The most important part of a Democracy is that it helps people make money. The best people at making money are Corporations, and we are people, according to the law. Everyone knows if you want to make money, you just do what Corporations want, I mean, we are basically money making machines. That's what we do. Our studies have proven that if you do too much listening to people, they'll demand all sorts of crazy things like a decent salary, education, affordable living, food, transportation, healthcare, blah blah blah blah me me… it's all about them you see. Whereas a small group of hardworking, money making Corporations, when working within a Democracy, can cut out all of that pointless extra spending, and do much more important things with all the money we make.” Beaming with pride, Tim was more than pleased to explain: “Well first, we can get Democratic lawmakers to make laws that help us make more money. Then with all that money, we can get Democratic leaders and giant international banking conglomerates to help us go overseas and cripple entire nations with extortionist loans and then we set up a government that will let us do as we please and pay people basically zero money to do all of our work! Just watch those profits sore through the roof! It's really quite brilliant see. Because then, if the people in those countries rise up and try to replace the government with someone who won't do what we please… we control the Democratic leaders in our country and get them to go and drop bombs on them… and bring them Democracy. Or, we can simply wait until the people are so impoverished that they rise up themselves, just like in Egypt, and then we can simply give them a nice little Democracy of their own and they can join the party. So you see, it's really quite a perfect system.” That it is Tim. But one reporter was not completely satisfied with this explanation, and piped up with a confusing and dangerous question. “But sir, don't you think that kind of cycle of oppression is exactly what the people of Egypt are angry about? Don't you think that almost everyone in the world is feeling crushed by the effects of corporate profit being the only thing anyone cares about? Of bottom lines and quarterly stock reports and greed squeezing the humanity out of every person on this planet? Wouldn't it instead be a good idea to acknowledge that we need a new system of governance and economics and wouldn't Egypt be the perfect place to try and implement something new and different instead of merely installing this clearly outdated and outlived system that has run its course and does not represent the will of the people as it was designed to do?” A pause as the silence gripped the room. Tim O'Brien looked at Ken Krisp, who looked at Tim and then turned to look at Robert Gibbs. All three men burst out into laughter. It started small, before erupting into a cacophony of howling and hooting and tears streaming down the men's faces. Then, prominent politicians and businessmen and political pundits began pouring into the room, seemingly out of nowhere. George Bush and Bill Clinton holding hands with Saudi Oil Tycoons; Obama and David Cameron and Bill Gates and Steve Jobs and Ted Turner and Donald Trump and Rupert Murdoch all with jovial arms wrapped around each other, joining in on the laughs; and Glenn Beck was there, and Rush Limbaugh and so was Anderson Cooper and Keith Olbermann; Palin and Schwarzennegger, CEO's from Tony Hayward to Lawrence Rawl; Big bankers and Wall Street Traders; Ousted President Mubarek rode in on a camel with Vladamir Putin dancing a jig on one of the humps; and even Fidel Castro and Ahmadinejad and Kim Jong Il and Hu Jintao came in for the party. And it became clear to all who witnessed this orgy of laughter, that there are only two kinds of people in the world. Them, and the rest of us. And while they laughed and laughed and laughed… The rest of us got pretty angry. Expert Reporting by, Danny Mendlow
Fourth-year neurology student Anjali Ramkissoon saturated our newsfeeds last week when a video of her attacking an Uber driver went viral. The footage, showing Ramkissoon punching, kicking and hurling profanities at the driver, has received hundreds of thousands of views since it was posted to YouTube.
As expected in the age of digital mass consumption, a jurisprudential body of social media account holders took to their devices and began calling for her termination from her medical program, bolstering this with negative reviews on her professional online platforms and colorful language of their own out of outrage for her behavior.
As a medical professional, it is quite clear that Ramkissoon is held to a higher standard than the common frat boy who drinks his body weight in beer and wreaks havoc on the town. It is also conceded that her assault of the Uber driver was a far cry from this said higher standard. Throughout the United States, state medical boards regulate physician conduct and regularly determine whether a physician's behavior or abilities call for a modification, suspension, or revocation of their license to practice medicine. Medical boards contain their own investigative bodies to assist with making these tough determinations.
Although laws vary from state to state, consistent examples of recognized unprofessional conduct with respect to alcohol consumption, known as impairment regulations, are limited to the sphere of medical practice (i.e.: drunken impairment while treating a patient) and do not always result in license revocation. In fact, in cases involving impairment by a controlled substance, medical boards are often privy to place restrictions on licenses while prescribing rehabilitative care or special training to target certain impairment issues. However, if Ramkissoon is suspended from her residency program (before even getting to the state medical board), she may very well be hard pressed to find a new program to complete her medical studies thus rendering her unable to complete her medical degree. At the moment, she has been suspended from her clinic, according to Jackson Health Systems, and her termination remains a possibility.
Nonetheless, the Internet, in its famed uproar, has demanded Ramkissoon's license be immediately revoked despite the attenuated investigative and disciplinary process described above. Much more revealing, however, was the commentary that accompanied many of these cries for her termination from the medical profession—rife with racist slurs and violent rallying for her physical and sexual abuse. Some of these comments, all pulled from the original YouTube post, are provided below though similar language has been spewed on Facebook, Twitter, and on her professional platforms.
Reebok has always had to fight to keep their place at the top of the charts for active-wear shoes, and is continuing to struggle against competition. Just this week, they announced that they're shutting down their iconic Boston office. Will the company be able to rally after poor sales, or is this Reebok's death rattle?
I, for one, have high hopes. The company has distinguished themselves repeatedly as the brand most likely to notice an under-served market, and aggressively target them with custom shoes.
Initial Traction
They have a history of innovation to keep them grounded - the company was founded, originally as J.W. Foster, in 1895 in England after he developed some of the earliest spiked running shoes. He went on to supply shoes to the 1924 Olympic athletes, and had twenty craftsmen on staff by the ‘60s.
Their distinctive stripes became familiar to the general public when, in 1970, Ron Hill won the Boston Marathon sporting a pair. However, by the '80s, more people were exercising recreationally - as less had labor intensive jobs and cities grew. Nike and Adidas came on the scene, and Reebok started to feel the competition.
Round 1, Fight!: Ladies First
They fought back when, in 1982, they were the first of the active wear shoe companies to target women. They launched the Freestyle, which is still available today, and experienced a massive surge in sales. Their timing was perfect - shortly after the launch, Jane Fonda launched her workout VHS series, which brought women's' exercise and aerobics to the main stream. By being the first to spot a lucrative market, Reebok was able to keep their status as a leading manufacturer.
Round 2: Again, Faster!
In 2005, Adidas bought Reebok, while maintaining the brand name and executive leadership, in an attempt to chip away at now industry giant, Nike. Combined, the two companies had $12.3 billion in annual sales, whereas Nike had $13.7 - the goal was to close that gap as quickly as possible.
Things seemed to be going well until Adidas shot itself in the foot - and Reebok in the kneecap - when they elbowed Reebok out of a deal with the NBA, replacing the supplied footwear with a stock of Adidas brand shoes.
Reebok seemed doomed until 2010, when it announced its partnership with CrossFit. The fitness craze was only just getting started then, but Reebok, yet again, saw the potential. This partnership has turned into a major source of revenue for the company as CrossFit's popularity grows.
In 2013, Reebok bolstered the CrossFit partnership with another partnership - Les Mills, another group fitness and training program. With the combination of these two increasingly popular fitness brands, Reebok positioned itself as the leader in active lifestyle wear, and a staple of the health movement.
Round 3: Focus
Kasper Rorstred, who is set on making waves after being announced as the new Adidas CEO in October, announced that he wants to run a “leaner” Reebok, and seemed pessimistic of the brand's future. The result is the closing of the Boston office, and loss of a massive number of employees.
Reebok will be losing much of its U.S. outlet stores, and relocating the home office to another, likely smaller location in the Boston area. The company will also refocus on fitness, from Crossfit and Les Mills to running and weight room workouts, and raise prices on its merchandise.
How will Reebok survive this change? This seems like a ripe opportunity for another brand to step in and steal their customer base out from under them with a similar, less expensive line of products.
Perhaps there is a new campaign in the mix that the public has yet to be made aware of. Regardless, Reebok has proven itself to be a resilient, innovative company, and I can't wait to see what they do next.
Longtime Trump associate and Infowars reporter Roger Stone has issued a public statement regarding the nature of his relationship with New York radio personality Randy Credico, who was recently revealed as Stone's WikiLeaks contact.
Stone initially declined to identify the radio host to the House Intelligence Committee because he was concerned the exposure would harm Credico's career.
This week, Credico received a subpoena to appear December 15 before the House Intelligence Committee, which attorney Martin Stolar says he will comply with.
Credico tweeted out a picture of the subpoena.
Credico joined Infowars War Room to discuss his upcoming testimony.
Stone has highlighted the lunacy of the Russian collusion witch-hunt for nearly a year and has complied with the lawmakers at every opportunity, despite being denied the chance to have a public testimony.
In the summer of 1992, a pair of teams from freedom-loving nations took the Olympics by storm. At the end of the Games, both stood proudly on the medal stand as their flags rose to the rafters. 20 years later, two documentaries were made about their exploits.
One, The Dream Team, is about the legendary American squad. The NBA-produced special is a horse syringe for hoops junkies, who also can get their fix from Jack McCallum's new book and Lang Whitaker's expansive oral history in July's GQ.
The other documentary—The Other Dream Team, directed by Marius A. Markevicius and produced by Jon Weinbach—focuses on the Lithuanian team that lost to the United States by 51 points. Its players may have been mere mortals next to Jordan and Magic and Bird, but they make for much more interesting documentary subjects. The original Dream Team was the basketball equivalent of the Avengers, a collection of superhumans forging a temporary alliance with an obvious outcome. The Lithuanians were more like the Bad News Bears.
So: The Other Dream Team, which premiered at Sundance and will hit theaters in New York and Los Angeles on Sept. 14, actually contains some drama. Everything about the Lithuanians in '92 seemed ready-made for the big screen. The squad had a sponsorship from the Grateful Dead, and some excellent accompanying dunking-skeleton iconography. Artist Greg Speirs' design was basically a hallucinogenic version of the original Mighty Ducks crest.
Advertisement
And there was a blood-feud component. The film's stars are the four Lithuanian anchors of the '92 team: future NBA mainstays Arvydas Sabonis and Sarunas Marciulionis, and Euroleague veterans Rimas Kurtinaitis and Valdemaras Chomicius. That foursome also made up the core of the Soviet Union's '88 team, which beat a U.S. squad loaded with college stars en route to a gold. (If that defeat never happens, the Dream Team never happens.) Despite the four Lithuanians' accomplishments, their Soviet overlords still treated them like shit. When the Trail Blazers drafted Sabonis in 1986, he wasn't allowed to come to the States. A few years later, Marciulionis got out. But as Mark Heisler of the Los Angeles Times wrote in 2002, not before this happened:
In 1989, as part of perestroika, the Soviets dropped the bar on letting their athletes play in the U.S. Donnie Nelson, working for his father with the Golden State Warriors, flew to Moscow to sign Marciulionis. No one was sure if it was real or propaganda, but at a news conference arranged by the sympathetic chess master, Garry Kasparov, Marciulionis and hockey star Viacheslav Fetisov announced they'd go. "There were three guys sitting in the front row in military garb," Nelson said. "The first guy stands up, I hear the translation through my earpiece. He says, ‘What are you guys doing? You'll be locked up!' "The second guy stands up, says the same thing, ‘You're selfish athletes, you're not true Communists.' "I'm starting to sweat. I was wondering if we were going to be carted away.... Now the thing is over and we're walking out. But the athletes are lagging behind. They're afraid to go out on the street. They're afraid they might be made an example of. "Before we started, [Kasparov] said, ‘By the end of the day, you'll either be the wealthiest people in Russia or you'll be on your way to Siberia.'"
Advertisement
Marciulionis, mercifully, wound up in the Bay Area. But the path to sovereignty wasn't smooth back home. In The Other Dream Team, there's some terrifying footage from early 1991 of Soviet tanks storming a Lithuanian television tower. Thirteen civilians died during what's now called the January Events.
And the Lithuanians didn't enjoy much sympathy from Americans, either. When the Soviets played a series of exhibitions against NBA teams in 1987, John Thompson, who coached the Americans in '88, was livid. "The NBA has been very helpful to our opponents," he said during an interview on Today. "Presently they are training the Soviet team."
Growing up as a first-generation Lithuanian-American in California, the now 35-year-old Markevicius liked to point out to friends that the Lithuanian stars weren't Ivan Drago clones. In his movie, he does a good job blowing up that stereotype. The players—who are interviewed here in their native language—were far from Soviet drones. During trips abroad, they went on stealth missions to buy clothes, shoes, and electronics that they could smuggle back home to sell. (Among the Lithuanians, Chomicius was the savviest entrepreneur.) In the States, they snuck out of hotels via the trunks of their Lithuanian-American friends' cars to avoid the chain-smoking KGB agent assigned to mind the team. If the idea of the seven-foot-three Sabonis attempting to fold himself into the back of a Geo pains you, fear not. "Come on," he says in the film, "it was a Cadillac!"
Advertisement
The documentary is worth watching if for no other reason than to be mesmerized by old footage of the occasionally mulleted center, who in his younger days moved jaw-droppingly well for a man his size. Weinbach pored over black-and-white Soviet newsreels and a Spanish basketball obsessive's box of Betamax cassettes to mine for Sabonis gold. The snippets unearthed in the film make it clear: Before foot and ankle pain rendered him as stationary as an oak tree, Sabonis was one of the best centers in the world. He could fluidly run the floor, shoot jumpers, block shots, and pass better than any big man on the planet. What's amazing is that Sabonis developed his trademark flair in a vacuum. In Cold War-era Lithuania, you couldn't just go to the mall and buy a Magic Johnson tape. "He wasn't watching NBA TV," Weinbach says.
That Sabonis wasn't an NBA rookie until 1995, when he was 30, is criminal. Still, despite injuries and what Sports Illustrated's Curry Kirkpatrick deemed "Stolichnaya elbow," he managed to cobble together a Hall of Fame career. He also helped his country finish third at the Olympics in both 1992 and 1996. Sure, they got crushed by the Dream Team along the way in '92, but in their last game, the bronze-medal matchup, they defeated the Russians. (At that point, they were known as the innocuous-sounding Unified Team.)
The ensuing celebration was predictably cathartic. Apparently, Sabonis didn't even make it to the medal stand. (As McCallum put it later, the big man was "later found spreading his own version of Glasnost in the dorm of the Russian women's Olympic team.") But most of his teammates made it to the ceremony, which provided its own cinematic contrast. On one podium, the Americans, led by Nike company man Michael Jordan, made a calculated effort to obscure the Reebok logos on their warm-up suits. On another podium, the Lithuanians beamed, and looked comfortable in their dunking skeleton T-shirts and tie-dyed shorts. It was clear who was having more fun. "They looked like the biggest goofballs ever," Markevicius says. "What they were representing was pure joy."
Advertisement
Alan Siegel is a writer in Washington, D.C. Contact him at asiegel05@gmail.com; follow him on Twitter @alansiegeldc.
Oglas
Potrditev statusa pridružene članice za Slovenijo pomeni korak bližje polnopravnemu članstvu v Esi, so sporočili z ministrstva za gospodarski razvoj in tehnologijo. Sporazum je sicer minister Zdravko Počivalšek podpisal že julija na sedežu agencije v Parizu.
Kot je dejal državni sekretar na gospodarskem ministrstvu Aleš Cantarutti, bo članstvo Sloveniji omogočilo dostop do vseh programov. Lahko bo nastopala kot nosilka izbranih opcijskih programov ter kot podizvajalka drugih programov.
Cantarutti je napovedal sodelovanje Slovenije v treh opcijskih programih, in sicer v splošnem tehnološkem programu, programu opazovanja Zemlje ter znanstvenem programu Prodex.
Priložnosti za nove posle
S sklenitvijo sporazuma se bo okrepilo tudi poslovno povezovanje podjetij vesoljske industrije, ne le na evropski, ampak tudi na svetovni ravni. Slovenskim podjetjem bo sporazum omogočil razvoj novih produktov z visoko dodano vrednostjo in dodatno diverzifikacijo prodajnih portfeljev na področju vesoljske tehnologije in z njo povezanih tehnoloških področij.
Prinesel bo tudi nova delovna mesta, rast gospodarstva skozi širitev na nov trg in uvajanje novih tehnologij, ki jih brez povezave z vesoljskimi tehnologijami sploh ne bi bilo, je nekaj dobrobiti sporazuma izpostavil Cantarutti.
Sodelovanje z agencijo predstavlja referenco in odskočno desko na tujih trgih tudi za slovenska podjetja, saj sodelovanje v tej agenciji izkazuje kakovost produktov podjetij, pa tudi sposobnost izvajanja zahtevnih projektov ter reševanja visokotehnoloških vprašanj.
Esa ima 22 članic, in sicer 20 držav EU-ja ter Norveško in Švico.
Zelena luč raziskovanju Marsa
Ministri 22 držav članic Ese, pristojni za vesolje, so odobrili dodatnih 1,4 milijarde evrov za nadaljevanje projekta raziskave Marsa in sodelovanje na Mednarodni vesoljski postaji (ISS), je sporočil generalni direktor Ese Jan Wörner.
Za evropsko-ruski projekt ExoMars, ki naj bi odgovoril na vprašanje, ali na Marsu obstaja oziroma je kdaj obstajalo življenje, so odobrili okoli 440 milijonov evrov, poroča nemška tiskovna agencija DPA. Sredi oktobra so v okviru projekta, za katerega so že predtem namenili 1,5 milijarde evrov, v orbito Marsa uspešno utirili sondo TGO, na kateri je bil modul Schiaparelli.
Ta naj bi pripravil teren za prihod vesoljskega raziskovalnega vozila, t. i. roverja, ki naj bi proti Marsu poletel v drugi fazi projekta leta 2020, a je na rdeči planet treščil z veliko hitrostjo in se razletel.
Za podaljšanje evropskega sodelovanja na ISS za dodatna štiri leta so medtem ministri namenili okoli 960 milijonov evrov. ISS sicer vodijo ZDA, ki so tako kot Rusija delovanje na postaji do leta 2024 napovedale že pred časom. Na ISS-ju poleg tega sodelujeta še Japonska in Kanada, ki sta prav tako napovedali podaljšanje sodelovanja.
Države članice Ese so sicer za izvajanje vesoljskih programov v prihodnjih letih namenile 10,3 milijarde evrov, medtem ko agencija želi okoli 11 milijard evrov.
news, local-news, maldon, cairn curran, duck hunting rspca, jaala pulford, liz walker
THE first shot has been fired in the battle between Victoria's 26,000 registered duck hunters and Cairn Curran reservoir residents. Residents have called for the cancellation of the 2015 duck hunting season, which will open March 21 and run for 12 weeks. A petition circulating in Maldon to ban the sport has gathered several hundred signatures. Duck hunting is legal in Northern Territory, South Australia, Tasmania and Victoria. One resident, who did not want to be named for fear of reprisal by hunters, said shooters left dead and dying ducks littered around the reservoir. "I am confronted by a constant barrage of gunfire, 150 yards from my house," he said. The resident said he had been "confronted aggressively" by shooters in the past. Other residents reported having dead ducks stuffed in their mailboxes after speaking out. Another resident said shooters had come onto her property. "It's very unnerving. It's at the point where you can't go and do anything by the water because it's terrifying for the kids; all these people running around with guns." A third resident described the area as "a war zone" during duck season. "There's shot and body parts and we're the ones left to clean up the mess of blood and guts and the buckets and buckets of rubbish they leave," she said. She said the area should be turned into a wildlife reserve, which would bring tourist dollars to the area. A spokeswoman for Agriculture Minister Jaala Pulford said duck hunting contributed $106 million each year to the Victorian economy. The spokeswoman said plain clothed government officers would carry out operations to ensure compliance with shooting regulations. Duck bag limits have been reduced this year in response to drier conditions and lower bird numbers. RSPCA Victoria chief executive officer Dr Liz Walker called for the cancellation of the 2015 duck shooting season. "In 2015, the environmental conditions are dire with wetlands drying out, duck numbers are in severe decline and at an historical low level of breeding," she said. "Overall conditions are virtually identical to those in 2008 which resulted in the cancellation of that season." Dr Walker said close to 450,000 ducks were killed during the 2014 season. Mount Alexander Shire councillors did not return calls.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/storypad-Jp4s4QjshCN4fDm4FjN52Y/9e66fa93-24b9-4c74-a0ef-2f532d2543b6.jpg/r2_40_1077_648_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
The 35-year-old mother of five had been given two weeks' jail to pay down fine in move senator Pat Dodson described as ‘reprehensible'
An anonymous donor has paid the fine of an Indigenous woman who was ordered to spend two weeks in jail for unpaid fines, allowing her to be released from custody.
The donation came through on Friday afternoon after the court rejected an application by the Aboriginal Legal Service (ALS) to have the 35-year-old mother of five released from custody.
The woman was arrested at her home in Joondalup, Western Australia on Wednesday morning on a warrant of commitment for $3,900 in unpaid court fines dating back to a 2012 civil dispute over an unregistered dog.
Aboriginal woman jailed for unpaid fines after call to police Read more
She was taken to Melaleuca women's prison and ordered to serve 14 days in jail to cut out her fines, at a rate of $250 a day.
The outstanding debt is now just over $3,000. A GoFundMe campaign raised $1,500 in just over five hours to support the family, and justice advocate Gerry Georgatos said a single donor from Victoria contacted him and arranged to pay the full amount.
Georgatos said she could be released on Saturday morning.
“We want to get this woman back to her young children,” he said.
Georgatos said all the money raised would go to the woman's family, who had been supported by family, friends and the First Nations Homelessness Project.
The application by the ALS was made under section 53 (8c) of the Fines, Penalties and Infringement Notices Enforcement Act 1994, which states that the court registrar “may at any time cancel a warrant of commitment for good reason”.
Her lawyers argued the warrant should be cancelled to allow the woman to return home and care for her five children, the youngest of which is two years old and still breastfeeding.
The WA attorney general's office separately contacted the Department of Justice on Thursday to seek assurance that the application would be considered, and told Guardian Australia this provision will be included in planned amendments to the act.
The Western Australian senator Pat Dodson said he was “terribly disappointed” that Aboriginal people were still being jailed for fine default and said that jailing a person in these circumstances was “just reprehensible”.
He said the WA attorney general John Quigley's promise to put changes before cabinet by the end of the year to the legislation governing jailing for fines was positive, and the McGowan government should also allow people to pay off fines through automatic deductions to welfare payments.
“We've got to acknowledge that we are starting off a very low-income base,” Dodson said. “People are in poverty and they are being doubly penalised now and incarcerated because they don't have capacity to pay a fine.”
Dodson said jailing a mother and taking her away from her children had “absolutely horrendous” consequences.
“That against having some imposition on your social security income is not contestable, in my view,” he said.
Ms Dhu's inquest shines spotlight on failures but will it prompt change? Read more
The Human Rights Law Centre director of legal advocacy, Ruth Barson, said it was inexcusable the law had not changed, more than three years after the 2014 death in custody of Indigenous woman Ms Dhu, who was jailed on a warrant of commitment for unpaid fines in Port Hedland.
Changing the Fines, Penalties and Infringement Notices Enforcement Act to either completely end the practice of jailing people for fines or to ensure that such decisions are made by a magistrate was one of the recommendations of the coronial inquest into Dhu's death.
“These dangerous laws should have been scrapped three years ago, right after Ms Dhu's tragic death in custody,” Barson said. “Failing that, they should have been scrapped as soon as this new government came into power. There is no reason for premier McGowan to be dragging his heels”
The McGowan government came into power in March, four months after the coroner handed down her recommendations.
Barson said jailing people for unpaid fines was “cruel and indefensible” and “preventing deaths in custody, preventing injustices like this should be at the top of the new government's to-do list”.
“Jailing vulnerable people like a breastfeeding mother simply because they can't afford their fines is utterly perverse,” she said. “It compounds inequality.”
Australia must address soaring female Indigenous imprisonment rate – report Read more
Amnesty International's Indigenous advisor, Rodney Dillon, said the continued practice of jailing people for fines, which a 2016 report found disproportionately affected Indigenous women, was “a disgrace” and made WA an international embarrassment.
“As an Aboriginal person, as a taxpayer of this country, I feel very ashamed that they can do that to some of my people,” Dillon said.
Quigley told Guardian Australia that WA's Indigenous incarceration rates “are scandalous”.
“As attorney general I am committed to addressing the issue of overrepresentation of Indigenous people in our state's prison system,” he said.
Update: House Republican leaders pulled legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act from consideration on the House floor Friday afternoon.
The Republican health care bill needs 215 votes in the House to pass. No Democrats have said they support it, but one Democrat will miss the vote. This means no more than 22 Republicans can vote against the bill, if it is to pass. Of the 237 Republicans in the House …
150 Support the bill or lean yes 45 Undecided or unclear 9 Concerns or lean no 33 No Positions are based on public statements by members, and may change.
House Republicans released an amendment to the bill — the American Health Care Act — on Monday night in an effort to sway more members to vote yes.
The Hard-Line Conservatives
7 Support 9 Unclear 5 Concerns 15 No
Position of Freedom Caucus members and of recipients of campaign contributions from the group's PAC
The House Freedom Caucus, a group of at least 30 members, poses the greatest threat to Republicans' long-awaited opportunity to undo President Barack Obama's health care law, the Affordable Care Act.
The group has called for a complete repeal of the law, and its members, who are among the most conservative Republicans, have called the House bill “Obamacare Lite.”
They dismiss the bill's subsidies to help middle-income Americans buy insurance as an entitlement program. And they want the bill's cuts to Medicaid funding to kick in right away, instead of in 2020.
The More Moderate Wing
29 Support 16 Unclear 3 Concerns 10 No
Position of Tuesday Group members and of Republicans from districts won by Hillary Clinton
Many of the more moderate Republicans in the House belong to the Tuesday Group, a caucus with about 50 members.
Members of the the Tuesday Group, along with many Republicans from districts that voted for Hillary Clinton, want increased premium subsidies for low-income people and seniors.
Many distanced themselves from the bill after an analysis by the Congressional Budget Office said that it would increase the number of people without insurance by 24 million by 2026.
Other Republicans
115 Support 20 Unclear 1 Concerns 8 No
Position of other Republicans
Many other House Republicans have expressed support for the bill, including those in the conservative group called the Republican Study Committee, which has more than 140 members.
The chairman of the Republican Study Committee said its members would support the bill, with changes to Medicaid that include imposing work requirements on some Medicaid beneficiaries and letting states choose a block grant to fund Medicaid.
Another change made on Monday, which shifts Medicaid costs from New York's counties to its state government, was intended to win support for the bill from Republicans in upstate New York.
All House Republicans
Astronauts could create a village on the moon to study deep into space and prepare for a mission to Mars, the head of Europe's space agency has said.
Johann-Dietrich Woerner, the new director general of the European Space Agency, has called for an international effort to build a “moon village”.
Based on the far side of the moon, it could be built from the rock of the moon's surface and house telescopes to study the universe.
It could eventually be used for tourists, and to prepare to a mission to Mars, he said. The International Space Station, currently used for pioneering experiments, is due to be shut down in a decade.
Man last walked on the moon in 1972. Nasa had advanced plans to develop a permanent moon colony by 2020, but these were cancelled by President Obama in 2010 under a budget review.
Mr Woerner said the ESA, which is partially funded by and has close ties with the European Union, should step up to the challenge, and create a multinational community that included Russia and Chinese astronauts.
“Why not have a moon village?” said Mr Woerner, who joined the agency last month. “A moon village not meaning a few houses, the town hall, and a church — the moon village would consist of a settlement using the capabilities of different space-faring nations in the fields of robotic as well as human activities.”
“It's not out of reach, as it was not out of reach in the late ‘50s of last century to go to the moon,” he told the CityLab website. “Of course, there are many developments necessary for that. But I think from a feasibility point of view it is feasible, it is visionary, it is demanding. In general, it should be possible.”
A major challenge will be protecting any colony from micro-meteoroids, solar radiation and huge swings in temperature.
One option, Mr Woerner said, would be to use the Moon's rocky surface – regolith – to build houses for astronauts, bound together with “moon concrete”.
Building a settlement on the far side of the Moon would aid telescoptic observation into space, because the body of the moon would shield Earth's radio waves, allowing for a clearer picture.
It would not mean casting the lunar colony into darkness, he said.
“It's not the dark side of the moon as Pink Floyd was thinking.
“The far side of the moon—the hemisphere of the Moon that always faces away from Earth—is as bright as the side of the moon we see. You know that sometimes during a month the moon is dark. At that time, the other part of the moon is very bright.”
Earlier this week astronauts ate red lettuce on the International Space Station – the first time food cultivated from seed in orbit had been consumed.
As the race for the presidential nominations hots up, reporters are also having to up their game.
It means they have to ignore distractions and anything that could put them off on live TV.
And for Hallie Jackson, not even a ball of snot could stop her reporting.
Scroll down for video
NBC News' Hallie Jackson was doing a segment on the Republican race for the presidential nomination when snot started to appear from one of her nostrils
The NBC correspondent was on a live feed from Tennessee talking about Chris Christie backing Donald Trump when the booger started to come down from her nostril.
She didn't let it faze her, and she carried on speaking to the camera until it dropped to the floor.
Jackson didn't say if she knew it was there during her segment, but she saw the funnier side of it just hours later.
She tweeted a picture of her online shopping cart - $53 worth of tissues and a book called 'Surviving Your Season of Shame'.
The clip of her awkward moment has since gone viral.
She was on a live feed talking about Chris Christie backing Donald Trump when the booger started to come down from her nose
She didn't let it faze her, and she carried on speaking to the camera until it dropped to the floor
Jackson didn't say if she knew it was there during her segment, but she saw the funnier side of it just hours later. She tweeted a picture of her online shopping cart - $53 worth of tissues and a book called 'Surviving Your Season of Shame'
Watch for a war of words to erupt between U.S. President Donald Trump and “Jina” at any moment.
A major Chinese daily, the Global Times, lashed out at Trump on Thursday in the wake of the White House announcement that it would overturn many climate-related policies implemented under the former Barack Obama administration. While Trump insists these moves are necessary to save the U.S. coal-mining industry and its jobs, the Global Times' editors attacked the policy shifts as a “retreat from action” on moving the world toward a low-carbon economy.
The newspaper, which often covers international news from the Chinese Communist Party's perspective, has courted its share of controversy in the past. Its editors have taken an aggressive stance against anyone in the international community who has defended the work of artist and political activist Ai Weiwei. Last year, the paper dismissed Australia as a “paper cat” over a diplomatic row over access rights to the South China Sea.
When Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, then a nominee, suggested that U.S. ships deny China access to disputed islands in that region, the Global Times described that any such provocation would lead to a “large-scale war.”
But this same paper also took a conciliatory tone toward Japan after the 2011 earthquake and tsunami that damaged the Fukushima nuclear plant.
The paper's editors reminded the Trump administration that China and the U.S. have worked on climate change cooperation since 2014, the result of which included both countries signing the 2015 international climate agreement during the COP21 talks in Paris. The article also argues that as the lone superpower in the world, the U.S. is in a unique position with its technological capabilities to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
But the paper's editorial board followed that argument with a head-scratching comment that China is still developing, writing: “The task of industrialization has not been completed yet.” Considering China has become the world's manufacturing center, and has struggled with pollution as a result, that assertion will come to the country's critics as a cop-out. Of course, the country's massive increase in carbon emissions and noxious air quality problems is the result of two decades of more manufacturing moving from industrialized nations to China.
China's contribution to climate change notwithstanding, the paper described Trump's executive orders on climate and energy as “political selfishness,” and insisted that Western opinion keep the pressure on Trump's White House to not walk away from the 2015 global climate agreement. So far, however, the newspaper described the Western media's ability to hold the Trump administration accountable as “somewhat feeble.”
China is hardly the only voice in the international community decrying Trump's position on climate change. Yesterday, The Vatican urged the White House keep an open mind to the “dissenting voices” urging the U.S. to keep its global climate action promises. In an interview with Reuters, Cardinal Peter Turkson, often credited as the most ardent supporter of the 2015 encyclical letter touting the Vatican's emphasis on environmental protection, said China's investment in solar and wind power technologies could position the world's most populous country as the global leader in clean energy development and leadership.
Trump's dismissal of climate change as “hoax” perpetrated by the Chinese in order to sabotage the U.S. economy has long been documented. But the evidence suggests China is seeking to capitalize on climate science for its own economic gain regardless of other nations' policies. According to several news reports, the country is on target to spend $360 billion on clean power generation by 2020, which will could create as many as 13 million jobs over the next several years.
Image credit: The Climate Group/Flickr
For those who don't relish the thought of being forced to make out with a table mate over a plate of garlic parmesan buffalo wings, TGI Friday's “mistletoe drone” promotion was conceptually flawed from the get-go.
How could we have known, though, that the real reason why mistletoe drones shouldn't exist is because they will literally cut the tip of your nose off.
Brooklyn Daily photographer Georgine Benvenuto's face was on the receiving end of a grinch-like “Mobile Mistletoe” drone when its spinning blades “literally chipped off a tip of my nose,” she told the publication, apparently while triaging her bleeding nose. “It took off part of my nose and cut me here, right under my chin.”
According to Brooklyn Daily:
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Drone operator David Quiones said an accident like this had never happened before, and even blamed our reporter for the bloodshed. Quiones had encouraged our reporter to let him land the smaller of the two aircraft on her hand, but she flinched when the 10-inch drone touched down — and he said that is what caused the four-bladed flying machine to careen into the face of our photographer nearby. But Benvenuto insisted that the responsibility lies with the man operating the controls.
The operator was unconcerned, telling Brooklyn Daily, “If people get hurt, they're going to come regardless. People get hurt in airplanes, they still fly.”
Just remember that ethos next time you are taking a dronie or getting drone bottle service at the club.
TGI Fridays told TIME in a statement, “This was an isolated event during a demonstration for the reporter and photographer only, given by the licensed operator of the drone during the last day of this particular promotion. Of course, safety is our first priority and we are sorry that this isolated incident occurred.”
[Brooklyn Daily]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Davis, Calif. - The country's largest “zero net energy” community -- designed to generate as much energy as it consumes – officially opens Saturday on the campus of the University of California at Davis, some 80 miles northeast of San Francisco. While individual homes and commercial buildings that use zero net energy over the course of a year have been built in a handful of U.S. states (and nearly a dozen countries), the university says this is the largest planned community of its kind in the U.S.
The stylish development has a bit of a resort-like feel, with a pool area, outdoor barbecue grills and a sand volleyball court behind a spacious student recreation center with towering glass walls enclosing a fitness center, ping pong tables and a video game-playing area (on huge flat-screen TVs), among other amenities. Apartment buildings are centered around courtyards and oriented to capture the nighttime cooling breezes from the Sacramento delta. Solar panels on the roof of every building and on canopies over parking areas -- in total a 4 megawatt photovoltaic system -- will generate enough electricity over the course of the year to meet all the needs of the residents, the planners say. In the summer and on hot sunny days like Davis saw late this week, the solar panels will ideally generate even more electricity than is needed for the site and send some back to the grid. At night, as the apartments pull electricity from the grid, the use is intended to balance out the excess power produced during the day.
During a visit on Wednesday, when the temperatures reached 80 degrees in the early afternoon, the model apartments I got to see were comfortable and plenty bright inside --with the lights off and without any air conditioning --thanks to thick walls and the energy efficient design.
Some 850 students began moving in on September 1. “These are the nicest apartments I've seen,” says Carson Farnsworth, 22, a junior who just transferred to UC Davis. “You get your own washer and dryer. I referred both my roommates here.” It's not cheap. Farnsworth is paying $867 a month for his own bedroom in a 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom suite (that includes utilities and high-speed internet access). But living in a traditional Davis dorm would have cost him even more – north of $900 a month.
The most amazing thing about the project? It's not some boondoggle, government-funded utopian experiment. Most of the nearly $300 million needed to build what's called UC Davis West Village came from San Francisco real estate developers Carmel Partners, which joined forces with Urban Villages of Denver to oversee construction, own and manage the community. “It's a market-driven project,” says Nolan Zail, senior vice president of development at Carmel Partners, adding that his firm expects to earn a profit in the single digits on the project.
In essence, the development is a public-private partnership. UC Davis put in $17 million to extend the roads and utilities to the border of this newly developed part of campus. The project brought in $7.5 million in grants from the state and federal government to undertake studies on use of renewable energy. For the first phase, which cost about $100 million, Carmel Partners and Urban Villages borrowed the money from Wells Fargo bank. The developers have a 65-year lease from UC Davis for the land; in the next phase they plan to build single family homes that will be for sale to Davis faculty members and staff. At full build out in 2013, the community will house 3,000 students, faculty and staff in 662 apartments, 343 single-family homes and will have 42,500 square feet of commercial space, including the rec center.
The first phase of the development now houses about 850 students in spacious apartments that boast Energy Star washers, dryers and kitchen appliances, ceiling fans, efficient fluorescent lighting and recycled quartz countertops in the kitchens. If built to code, the units would consume an estimated 22 million kilowatt hours a year. With careful planning and attention to energy efficiency measures like shaded windows and thick exterior walls for extra insulation, West Village residents will use an estimated 11 million kilowatt hours of electricity, the university predicts.
Other energy efficiency measures abound. A sophisticated power strip made by a company called Greenwave lets residents turn off individual outlets remotely using a smartphone.Thanks to input from UC Davis Energy Efficiency Center board member Art Rosenfeld – a well known California energy conservation guru (read more about Rosenfeld here), the buildings all have white roofs, which are cooler than black roofs. As UC Davis Assistant Vice Chancellor for Campus Planning and Community Resources Bob Segar explains it, a black roof reflects sun as heat and the heat gets trapped in the atmosphere, while a white roof reflects light as light instead of heat, and thus is cooler. To make some of the decisions on design and construction, the university tapped its experts at entities including the UC Davis Energy Group, the UC Davis California Lighting Technology Center, and the university's Institute for Transportation studies.
Planning began about 10 years ago when the city of Davis decided not to build more housing for the town. Construction started in 2009. There were some hurdles along the way, particularly in dealing with utility regulators over how it could charge residents in order to recapture the upfront cost of installing the solar panels. “We were lucky enough to create the zero net energy model before we knew how hard it was,” says Assistant Chancellor Segar.
New innovations may be added to the development going forward. One option under consideration is a biodigester based on technology developed at UC Davis that would turn cafeteria food scraps, animal waste from the campus dairy and plant waste from the university's agricultural research fields into methane gas, which could be burned to generate electricity.
The UC Davis West Village development may well be a model of what's next not just in California, but across the U.S. “I think we're going to see a lot more of this [kind of development],” says Ron Pernick, managing director of clean tech research and advisory firm Clean Edge. “We're tracking a lot of green building developments, from LEED to environmental standards. Clearly all the building codes are shifting toward more efficient use.” Indeed, the California Energy Commission called last year for all new residential construction to be zero net energy by 2020 and the same for all new commercial construction by 2030. Someday soon UC Davis West Village may have plenty of company.
Follow me on Twitter at @KerryDolan
Representatives said noisy adverts were 'frustrating' for viewers
The US House of Representatives has approved a bill which aims to limit the volume of television advertisements.
The Commercial Advertisement Loudness Mitigation Act (CALM) was approved by a voice vote in the house.
Democrat Anna Eshoo, who filed the motion, said most Americans were willing to tolerate adverts but were annoyed by sudden volume increases.
She said broadcasting industry's current voluntary system had failed to deal with the issue.
The CALM bill means that within a year, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) must introduce guidelines proposed by the Advanced Television Systems Committee (ATSC) in November.
Under the rules, "excessively noisy or strident" advertisements would be banned, as would advert which are noticeably louder - or have a "maximum loudness substantially higher" - than the programme they accompany.
The FCC would have another year before it had to start enforcing the standards.
Democrat representative Rick Boucher said loud advertising was "very frustrating" for viewers.
"It's an annoying experience, and something really should be done about it," the AFP news agency quoted him as saying.
Ms Eshoo said the legislation would force the industry to adhere to its own standards.
"Volunteerism hasn't worked for 50 years," the Associated Press news agency quoted her as saying.
The legislation needs to be approved by the Senate, which is considering an identical bill.
CLANCY OVERELL | Editor | CONTACT
Both Victorian Police and the Premier's Office have this afternoon admitted that they are nothing short of impressed by the notorious Melbourne youth gang ‘Apex'.
After over 18 months of ‘declaring war' against the troubled teenagers with a penchant for carjacking, just about everyone in Melbourne has to pay credit where credit is due, after several members of the non-organised criminal gang managed to steal a fully modified F1 car from the pits at Albert park this afternoon.
Premier Andrews says he finds it ‘so fucking funny' to see the live chopper footage of a formula one car burning through suburban streets.
“Fuck me. These kids are good!” he said.
“And even though I condemn this pointless criminal I activity, I think I speak for my entire office, and the Victorian police, when I say that these fucked up kids have truly impressed us”
This spectacular auto-theft comes ahead of the Melbourne Grand Prix opening the Formula One season for the 19th time this weekend. An highly-anticipated event that has motorsport fans looking forward to a jam-packed opening weekend, that will cost the city millions and seriously fuck up some of the streets.
With the stolen F1 currently being pursued in Melbourne's deep Northern Suburbs, organisers of the Grand Prix are now in damage control.
“How the fuck did those little pricks get in there?” asked one Melbourne City Organiser.
“They would have had to scale like three barbed wire fences and evade at least twenty security guards”
“It's not like you are going to miss a 6 foot teenager walking through the pits. Especially when he's that black”
According to the Oxford Dictionary, ‘the Apex gang' is a term loosely applied to any male teenager of South Sudanese or Samoan heritage who has brushed the wrong side of the law.
This trend of labeling any troubled kids, that aren't white, gang members – comes from media outlets finding it is easier to sell papers when they can present several isolated incidents as something more than it is. Like an organised criminal gang of over 1000 people aimed and stealing cars and driving them for fun.
However, even the media is cheering on the Apex gang today, as they continue their high speed televised police chase into the rural suburbs of greater Melbourne.
“How fucking good!” says Triple M announcer Eddie McGuire.
“These kids have got me all geed up! Quick! Get the microphone away from me before I say something racist”
Waleed Aly, from Channel 10's the project says that it's great seeing young kids channel their energy into putting on a show.
“Did you see that bloke evade the spike strips just outside Lalor Plaza? Talk about skills!”
“I'd have that kid on our show if he wasn't 90% illiterate and suffering PTSD from being pinballed through Australian detention centres after fleeing war-torn Sudan”
Today's hilarious speed chase – now colloquiually dubbed ‘The Light Up' – isn't the first time that the state has put their prejudice aside and congratulated this supposed group of criminally-minded youths.
Just last month, Premier Daniel Andrews and Victorian Minister for Corrections, Gayle Tierney made the executive decision to allow temporary clemency to Apex members who were jailed with auto-theft convictions. A move aimed at helping the RSPCA rescue pets locked in hot cars during the city's most recent heatwave.
Teresa Divine, A spokeswoman for the RSPCA says the Apex gang members are making life much easier for the organisation.
“They are really channeling there skills into something more positive. We'd love to hire a few of these kids, but unfortunately they are already within the prison system and probably won't ever get a proper job for the rest of their life”
“I guess that's what happens when you steal peoples cars. You pay for it for the rest of your life. But there would have been a lot of dead pets in Melbourne today if it wasn't for these helpful young men”
“You should have seen B-Dog put a crow bar through the windshield of this Range Rover in Toorak. I've never seen anyone move that quickly to save a little a pooch”
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews has said that, when and if they are apprehended, the F1 thieves will be sent to prison for ten years sentences.
The Department for Education and Birmingham city council are failing to quickly repair the schools damaged in the Trojan Horse scandal, after a series of snap inspections found little progress at five of the schools involved, Ofsted's chief inspector Michael Wilshaw has said.
The inspections, carried out only a few days into the start of the school year, highlighted weak management, mistrust among staff and continuing gender segregation among students at some of the schools, as well as reactions from parents at collective Christian worship being imposed on the largely Muslim student body.
In a letter to education secretary, Nicky Morgan, accompanying the inspection reports, Wilshaw said the government needed to take more rapid action to fix problem academies, and criticised Birmingham city council for failing to reveal its plans.
Inspectors last month made no-notice inspections of the five schools – Oldknow, Park View, Saltley, Golden Hillock and Nansen – that had all been downgraded to “inadequate” after an investigation triggered by allegations of a “Trojan horse” plot by Islamists.
The Ofsted inspectors deemed the improvement plans produced by the school leadership, trustees and the council to be “not fit for purpose” at all of the five schools, despite the involvement of the DfE in several cases.
Brigid Jones, Birmingham council's cabinet member for children and family services, said that only one of the five – Saltley secondary school – was maintained by the local authority.
“We had actually sent a new action plan for this school before Ofsted came, but for some reason Ofsted did not read it and instead reported on the old one,” Jones said. “It is important to point out that the inspections were barely a week into the new school term so there obviously hadn't been much time to make changes due to the intervening summer holiday.”
At Saltley a new executive head teacher was appointed on September 1, with the Ofsted snap inspection taking place 10 days later, on 11 September.
A DfE spokesman said: “These reports are a snapshot. They reflect the particular circumstances of the schools and the time at which the inspections took place, in some cases just a couple of days into the start of the new school year.
“The strong leadership teams we have put in place mean that change will be rapid and effective once it has had more than a few weeks to have an impact.”
The strongest criticisms by inspectors were aimed at Oldknow, where they found evidence that the primary school was riven with “split loyalties and allegiances” among staff.
“Since the last inspection, little has been achieved to address deep-seated weaknesses in governance and safeguarding,” the report states. “There is no clear focus on how to unite teams with a common purpose and some staffs do not trust one another.”
The inspectors found that Oldknow's trustees were not aware of a visit to Saudi Arabia for pupils and staff, “despite a similar trip last year receiving criticism from inspectors at the previous inspection due to failures in safeguarding. Indeed, they had been told by senior leaders that the visit had been cancelled.”
The inspectors also reported that more than 100 families had requested that their children be withdrawn from collective Christian worship at Oldknow. The schools pupils are overwhelmingly Muslim.
At Saltley, inspectors said: “Some staffs segregate themselves into groups based on their religious beliefs and this has not been addressed with sufficient urgency by leaders.” At Park View: “Little has been done to discourage segregation, to encourage boys and girls to sit together in lessons”.
Russell Hobby, general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers, said the schools needed more time to heal following a major crisis.
“Despite the seriousness of the situation in Birmingham, we must be realistic about what it is possible to achieve in a short space of time. One of the schools was inspected just after a new head teacher was appointed,” Hobby said.
“This situation needs a sustained focus and long term commitment. It is not acceptable for authorities to go back to ‘business as usual' when the media spotlight moves on.”
ALTOONA, PA—After casting his vote in the presidential election this morning, Altoona voter Doug Lawson, 36, admitted to reporters outside his local polling station that the only name he recognized on the whole ballot was that of Green Party candidate Jill Stein. “I have to admit, I voted for Stein because she was literally the only one on there I'd even heard of,” said Lawson, who mentioned that the other names he saw “looked almost like fake names” to him. “I feel kind of bad, since I'm sure they all fought hard campaigns to get on the ballot. But looking at those names—Mitt Romney? Joe Biden?—I'm sorry, but I just have no idea who any of them are or what they stand for. In the end, I had to go with Jill. I know her.” Lawson then went on to tell reporters it was a shame how, every election, the list of non–Green Party candidates on the ballot was always “just a bunch of weird, no-name losers.”
Check back throughout the day for live updates from the Onion political team as it covers Election Day 2012.
(CNN) — President Barack Obama congratulated Michael Sam on Saturday for being the first openly gay football player taken in the National Football League draft, the White House said in a statement.
“From the playing field to the corporate boardroom, LGBT Americans prove every day that you should be judged by what you do and not who you are,” Obama said. He also congratulated the NFL and the St. Louis Rams, the team that drafted Sam.
Sam, an All-American defensive end who played for the University of Missouri, made history when he was picked by the Rams in the seventh and final round. He was the 249th of 256 players selected.
The 24-year-old got the news by telephone from Rams' coach Jeff Fisher, who told Sam: “You are a Ram. The wait is finally over.”
Sam, who was filmed by ESPN as he got the call, broke down in tears and kissed his boyfriend. “Thank you,” he could be heard saying to Fisher.
Later, Sam took to Twitter to post a picture of himself, smiling. “Thank you to the St. Louis Rams and the whole city of St. Louis,” he said in the post. “I'm using every (ounce) of this to achieve greatness!!”
St. Louis is only a two-hour drive from Columbia, home of the University of Missouri, where Sam starred.
Besides being a first-team All-American, the 6-foot-2, 260-pounder was named the co-defensive player of the year in the Southeastern Conference, widely considered college football's best league. His fellow Tigers named him the team's most valuable player.
With those credentials, Sam was expected to be selected, but as the three-day draft wore on, there were questions whether he would.
Fisher told ESPN that Sam was a player who was rated by the team as going much higher in the draft.
“We weren't going to miss the opportunity to add an outstanding player to our roster,” he said.
In February, Sam came out in interviews with ESPN and The New York Times, a decision that raised questions about whether he had damaged his chances to play in the NFL.
“I came to tell the world I'm an openly proud gay man,” he said in an interview with ESPN.
Sam said he told his Missouri teammates in August and suffered no repercussions. He said he was surprised to discover many people in the media already knew he was gay.
“I understand how big this is,” Sam said in the ESPN interview. “It's a big deal. No one has done this before. And it's kind of a nervous process, but I know what I want to be … I want to be a football player in the NFL.”
Sam also spoke about his sexual orientation to The New York Times, saying: “I just want to make sure I could tell my story the way I want to tell it. I just want to own my truth.”
At the start of the draft on Thursday, it appeared it was also on Sam's mind.
“No matter what happen(s) these next few days, I will always cherish moments like this!!!,” he said in a post on Twitter.
Sam's draft was viewed as a barometer of whether the NFL was ready to accept an openly gay player. His selection is viewed as a bright spot for a league that has faced a host of criticism in recent months, from questions about the lack of minorities promoted to the number of players arrested for bad behavior.
“I think this is a good day, against the backdrop of what has happened in the NBA recently,” Margaret Hoover, a political commentator and gay rights activist, told CNN.
The NFL Players Association also weighed in on Sam's good news.
“We wish him the best of luck as we do all of the 2014 NFL Draft class,” said George Atallah, the association's assistant executive director of external affairs.
Other athletes have come out as gay, but they didn't have Sam's profile. Among them are the NBA's Jason Collins, the WNBA's Brittney Griner, WWE's Darren Young, UFC's Liz Carmouche, MMA's Fallon Fox and Major League Soccer's Robbie Rogers.
Of those athletes, Collins made the biggest media splash.
“I think it's great. I'm looking forward to seeing him play,” Collins, who plays for the Brooklyn Nets, told ESPN after the draft pick was announced.
The road to football stardom was not an easy one for Sam, who graduated from Missouri in December.
One of eight children, he grew up in Hitchcock, Texas, where he was raised primarily by his mother. At one point, he has said, he lived out of his mother's car and briefly stayed with another family.
Three of Sam's siblings have died, including an older brother he saw die from a gunshot wound. Two of his brothers are serving prison sentences.
Welcome to the Survivor: Heroes vs Healers vs Hustlers preseason! THR's Josh Wigler reports from his exclusive visit to the show's shooting location in Fiji, where he interviewed host Jeff Probst, as well as the 18 new castaways battling it out for the million-dollar prize.
Click here to make sure you're all caught up on our stories from the island, including our weekly podcast series "First One Out," an in-depth look at all of the new players, culminating in an interview with the first person voted out of the season.
The first Healer on the field: Cole Medders, a wilderness therapy guide from Little Rock, Arkansas. At least, he once hailed from Little Rock. The 24-year-old was born and raised in Arkansas, but now he fully exists out in the wild, a mountain man in every respect — and it's all thanks to a childhood trip to the place he lives now.
"When I was a freshman in high school, my dad took me to the Tetons in Wyoming," says Cole. "That was the first time I had ever been in the mountains or outdoors for any extended period of time. It ignited the fire in me. I couldn't get enough of it after that. I spent every weekend in high school after that out camping with my buddies, climbing some kind of rock — not on the level that I do now, but scrambling around and scrambling in the hills and doing what I could do in Arkansas."
Eventually, he scrambled away from the hills of Arkansas and returned to Wyoming, settling down in the city of Lander. "I definitely traded up," he says about his new home. "The culture is incredible. It's a bunch of like-minded young people who are skiiers and rock climbers and mountaineers. Everyone's living life on the edge. When you all go out, you punish yourself doing these things, then you come back together and you all go out to the bar and have a beer and unwind and tell your epic stories from the day. Definitely work hard, play hard." Zoe Zanidakis would approve.
Cole is almost always outdoors, at least when he's not living out of his van. "I can fit," he tells me when I ask him how he's able to live in such a confined space — because, seriously, while pictures give you an idea, it's worth repeating that Cole is one of the most physically imposing human beings I have ever encountered. Thankfully, he doesn't have to worry about rolling around in his van all that often, as his job as a wilderness therapy guide keeps him busy in his preferred environment.
"Wilderness therapy uses the wilderness and the outdoors to treat a variety of disorders and hardships and disabilities," Cole says about what his job entails. "Specifically, I've worked with teens and youth who have been through a very difficult time in their lives. That difficulty has caused them to basically stop developing, and they can no longer cope with the real world. They come to the outdoors for up to 200 days straight sometimes. They're out there living in the back country, the wild and the dirt, for 200 days, and they learn primitive skills like making fire from scratch using just wood, building shelters, cooking on a fire, and that kind of thing."
How did Cole find his way into such a line of work? Clearly, it spawned from his love for the outdoors, but he also wanted to find a way to give back to that passion: "Mountaineering and rock climbing, in a way, it's a very selfish pursuit. It doesn't accomplish anything for the world. It basically just gives me my good feelings, my goals, my accomplishments. In order for me to give back, I wanted to ignite that love for the outdoors in a younger generation. For me, wilderness therapy has done that. It's my chance to give back to the outdoors that shaped me, and also make someone's life better."
Listen to the podcast below to hear Cole and the rest of the Healers in the third episode of our preseason series, "First One Out."
Cole hopes he's about to make his own life better over the course of the next 39 days, as he steps up to the plate to play Survivor. His relationship with the series predates his relationship with rock climbing, dating back all the way to the earliest days of the show. "It was either season one or season two," Cole remembers of the first time he sat down to watch Survivor. "My parents told me, 'There's a cool new show coming on. We should watch it as a family.' So we sat down and watched it, and of course at that age — I was maybe 8 or 10 — the things that stuck out to me the most were these exotic challenges and this awesome wilderness. As I got into the outdoors, I didn't watch as much TV, but then I came back to it. I saw the social dynamics in it and how vicious that was, and how many layers there were. I felt like I would love to compete on something like this. I've never done that before. This would all be a new experience to me. It's at that point I decided I want to be on this show." It goes without saying that when it comes to the physical realities of playing Survivor, Cole couldn't be more comfortable. But his readiness for the game goes beyond the survival aspect, and the obvious athletic assets he brings to the table when it comes to challenges. (He might be a secret threat in the puzzle department, too, given his lifelong affinity for Lego-building. This quote is just for you, Sarah and Lisa: "I think Legos played into why I love rock climbing so much: the problem-solving and putting pieces together to figure out an ultimate solution, which is what climbing is. When you're 100 feet off the ground and you're pumped out of your mind and you're about to fall 30 feet onto the rocks below and you have to figure out the next sequence with your hands and where to put your feet, and then it all comes together perfectly? It's a good feeling.") Cole feels prepared for all of the lying and deception that Survivor entails, thanks to his day-to-day profession. "I feel very comfortable with that," he says. "I feel very comfortable with picking out someone's lies, because of the line of work I'm in, which is wilderness therapy. You have these kids you're trying to treat, trying to manipulate you all of the time. You have to call them out on their crap, constantly."
Cole sees other ways his work as a wilderness therapy guide will help him in the days ahead: "In my job and in my pursuits for play, I'm always in a very difficult situation, and I know how to handle that. I know how to give therapy to someone who is also in a difficult situation. My ability to help someone is going to be an advantage. People are going to look to me, and come to me for that emotional support and help in a situation that I've been in. This sounds bad, but I can use that to have leverage over them and maybe manipulate them and twist them emotionally if I need to. That's not naturally my nature. I'm not normally a person to take advantage of someone. But this is a game for a million dollars, and I'm willing to use my strengths and attributes and use them in a way that I don't normally use."
With all of that said, Cole also sees how his professional pursuits might come back to haunt him in this game. He fully recognizes the possibility that his desire to help those in need could be used against him in the end. "I would definitely consider that a possibility," he admits. "I do have a big heart. I really do like looking out for people that I see are struggling. As much as I want to use that as a strength, it might come back to get me in the end." But even if it does come back to bite him? Cole can still walk away from Survivor feeling like a winner.
"For me, Survivor is not necessarily just about the money. It would obviously be great. It could buy me so much new climbing gear and a bigger van to live out of," he says. "But Survivor is definitely more about the experience for me. I want to get as much as I can out of it. If that means meeting someone that's incredible and maybe not going all the way to the end, but it still changes my life? I'm OK with that."
Watch the video below for more from Cole on why he's going to win Survivor.
That's Cole in his own words. But what does everyone else think? Over the course of these interviews, I showed the castaways pictures of each other from casting, to get their pregame impressions of their future competitors. Read on for their takes on Cole.
Note: comments from the castaways have been edited and condensed for clarity.
Joe Mena (Probation Officer, Healers Tribe): He's definitely a jock. Literally, he has an eight pack. Have you seen an eight pack?
Josh Wigler (Reporter, THR): I've never seen an eight pack.
Joe Mena (Probation Officer, Healers Tribe): Because I've never seen an eight pack myself. After the right dye, and the right lighting, and a good tan? I've got a six pack. I'm good with that, you know what I mean? But, an eight pack? And he drinks soda like there's no tomorrow. The dude drinks aspartame on a regular basis. Orange soda, every day, every morning, in Ponderosa. So I'm like, "I don't know how he does it. It must be his juice."
Ryan Ulrich (Bellhop, Hustlers Tribe): Okay, that's toe muscles guy. He's got the toes of which men can only dream. And I'm sure we will have a very good laugh when I tell him, "I was talking about your toes, man. You have to cut back on that a little bit. What are you compensating for?" But he's a physical threat. He'll get to the merge. He's someone I think I could align with. He seems like a laid-back kind of guy, someone I think I can talk to.
Devon Pinto (Surf Instructor, Hustlers Tribe): I've been kind of on and off with him. I've been going back and forth. He definitely seems like the most fit person here. Like, I could see him killing it in challenges. I could also see him and I getting along well, just because he might be into the same lifestyle as me. I think I saw him reading a rock climbing book or something.
Roark Luskin (Social Worker, Healers Tribe): He is reading books exclusively about rock climbing, so I think he's really into the rock climbing.
Katrina Radke (Olympian, Heroes Tribe): He's the rock climber. Cool dude. Look at his fingers. There are no nails, and that's how [rock climbers] are. Their fingers, they're just always big. And the chest, the way the body works for a rock climber? He's a rock climber.
Mike Zahalsky (Urologist, Healers Tribe): I think he's clearly a rock climber. He spends a ton of time in the gym. I would love to have him on my tribe. He seems like a really nice, stand-up guy. Would love to work with that guy.
Alan Ball (NFL Player, Heroes Tribe): I can tell he's adventurous. I think he's like a rock climber or something, he has to be. I looked at his bag, I've examined him. I think he's more of a thrill seeker, adventurous guy. He's built, you can tell he works out. I don't know what he does, but I'm just gonna throw him in the rock-climbing category for the simple fact that I've just watched what he's into.
Ben Driebergen (Marine, Heroes Tribe): He's another outdoorsy guy. He's probably like a river guide or something like that, or like a kayaker guy. Strong, cut. there's a lot of young, young kids out here that are in really good shape.
Watch the video below for an early look at what Cole's victory speech might look like.
Desi Williams (Physical Therapist, Healers Tribe): He seems nice enough. I mean, I can't get a really good read on him. He's obviously extremely attractive — as all the guys are, for some reason.
Ali Elliott (Celebrity Assistant, Hustlers Tribe): He's very attractive. (Laughs.) He took off his shirt the other day and ... I mean he's, you know, he's pretty muscular, you can tell. But when he took off his shirt ... I don't know, this doesn't normally happen to me, but I kind of glanced and I was like, "Whoa. Is ... is that all, like, real? Like, are you a real human being?" Because he's walking around like a Greek god.
Roark Luskin (Social Worker, Healers Tribe): I'll fully admit, his body is so cut, it stresses me out.
Simone Nguyen (Diversity Advocate, Hustlers Tribe): He's so hot. He is so good looking, and he knows that he is good looking and he's trying to play it off like he doesn't know that he's good looking and he's trying to be a Boy Scout. I know he sees me seeing him. I'm far from home, it's nice to look at. I'm going to keep him around.
Josh Wigler (Reporter, THR): The three words you use to describe yourself: unreserved, dauntless, and flirtatious. Are you going to be flirting out here?
Cole Medders (Wilderness Therapy Guide, Healers Tribe): I'm definitely going to be flirting.
Josh Wigler (Reporter, THR): Is there anyone back home who's going to be upset?
Cole Medders (Wilderness Therapy Guide, Healers Tribe): No. No one back home is going to be upset. That's the one downside to always being on the move. There's not a lot of time for romance. But I'm going to be in one place on the island for a bit, so who knows ...
Josh Wigler (Reporter, THR): Are you down for legitimate romance out here, or is it something for your game?
Cole Medders (Wilderness Therapy Guide, Healers Tribe): I think it would be for the game ...
Josh Wigler (Reporter, THR): But you did say you have a big heart!
Cole Medders (Wilderness Therapy Guide, Healers Tribe): I do have a big heart! (Big smile.) A showmance is not what might be best for my game ... but if it happens? I'm going to embrace it.
Ashley Nolan (Lifeguard, Heroes Tribe): He's another gorgeous one that looks like a freaking runway model or something. He seems fine, he seems cute, kind of boy-next-door looking kind of guy. But I'm not sure how bright he is. He's kind of just going with the flow. He's got this smile — I don't know if he's hiding much of anything behind it.
Lauren Rimmer (Fisherman, Hustlers Tribe): I think that poor guy is clumsy. He is very buff and he's a cute little guy, but I've seen him several times hit his head. He went to the bathroom and he tripped over a stump. He tripped on it on the way out and on the way in. You know, how do you trip over the same stump twice?
Jessica Johnston (Nurse Practitioner, Healers Tribe): He observes the trees, but I haven't seen him observe people. I know because I'm observing people. He just looks around aimlessly. I can tell that he just loves life. I think we have a lot in common in really appreciating nature and the outdoors. Honestly, I think he is probably a really golden boy. I feel like I am kind of a golden girl. I try to live a good life and please people, please the Lord. I think that he's like that. I could be wrong. He might be a villain, but I doubt it. I can't wait to get to know him.
Click through the gallery below for photos of Cole and the rest of the Season 35 castaways.
Keep checking THR.com/Survivor for more coverage of the Heroes vs Healers vs Hustlers preseason.
Bisexual actress Evan Rachel Wood got married to a man the other day. Afterwards, a Twitter follower tweeted at her:
@evanrachelwood question, honestly not trying to be an ass. Just trying to understand. Does this mean you are not bi anymore?how is that work? — Maryann O'Neill (@Basilme) November 1, 2012
Wood tweeted back:
No. It just means i am not single anymore ;) @Basilme — #EvanRachelWould (@evanrachelwood) November 1, 2012
Bisexual Oscar winner Anna Paquin got married to a man recently. She said:
I am a happily married woman and I married a man. I don't think that negates [my bisexuality]. Some people find it odd that you can identify with a sexual orientation that is not straight and yet be married to someone of the opposite sex. They're like, "Obviously it's not real if you're married to a dude". That's not my problem. I'm like, "Okay, if that's how you feel, there's nothing I can do about it". I'm just living my life.
It's interesting that bisexuals -- in particular, bisexual women -- are facing this issue of having their bisexuality questioned because they are in relationships. Are bisexuals required to be single in order to truly say that we are bi? Why can't a bisexual celebrity, or any other bisexual person, get married or be in a relationship? If a heterosexual person gets married, I can't imagine anyone tweeting to ask if they're still straight. Why would they? What would one have to do with the other? But for some reason, bisexuality is cast in a different light. It's seen, at least by Wood's follower, as something you do rather than something you are.
That brings me to my latest curiosity: What's the deal with the ex-gay movement, and why do they ignore bisexuality? Note: I do not want them to pay attention to bisexuals. In fact, I wish they would stop paying attention to gays! They need to leave my community alone and go find something else to focus on, like, oh, I don't know, global poverty, workers' rights or climate change -- anything but the harassment and mental abuse of gay people, thanks! But isn't it strange that you never read about an ex-bi movement, or bi conversion therapy, or gripping stories from ex-bisexuals who have been "saved" from a life of bi-fabulousness? I haven't seen anything on this. A Google search proved fruitless.
During a recent conversation on Facebook, a friend of a friend suggested that the ex-gay folks define bisexuals as those who are in polyamorous relationships and have a male and female partner at the same time. This would be a dual-gender poly triad. So I guess converting the bisexual person(s) in the triad would require engineering some pretty serious breakup drama. Can you imagine the processing? Not to mention the fact that with three people involved (as opposed to the usual one or two), there's probably already been a lot of relationship negotiation, identity development work, etc., which potentially means a more stable sense of self and community, which would be harder to convert away from. That's not to say that poly relationships are inherently more stable or mature than monogamous ones, but it may be that they take a lot more work. So really this is a labor issue. Why throw away all that time and effort to become an ex-bi (assuming that you're bi in the ex-gay definition of the word)? You've worked hard to be bi, so you may as well stay that way! I'm guessing the ex-gays have already thought this through, and that's why they don't bother trying to convert bi folks.
And as for bisexuals who don't fit that definition (which would be any bisexual person who is single, monogamous or poly but not in a dual-gender triad), well, I guess we're just lucky to be avoiding the glare of the ex-gay spotlight! This brings me back to my original point: Just like people of any other orientation, a bisexual person is someone who says he or she is bisexual, like Evan Rachel Wood, Anna Paquin and bisexuals who may or may not fit the ex-gay definition posited by my friend's friend. We're not bi because of whom we date or marry; we're bi because that's how we identify. 'Nuff said.
In a bit on an ironic twist, the Portland rioters have been caught on film chanting "peaceful protest" all while violently attacking a Trump supporter's vehicle by launching bricks at his windows. Seems these poor, pampered, disaffected snowflakes have completely lost touch with their own "Stronger Together" slogan.
Portland rioters have been chasing a Trump supporters truck for 8 blocks. pic.twitter.com/ZjYr5c5h5x — Just Call Me Mister (@MisterMetokur) November 11, 2016
Portland rioters track down Trump supporter at another light, continue to attack him while screaming "peaceful protest" and throwing bricks. pic.twitter.com/zzG91B1aX8 — Just Call Me Mister (@MisterMetokur) November 11, 2016
Police in Portland, Oregon, say they've received "reports of attacks on drivers" as anti-Trump protest turns violent https://t.co/KZJYqhN8ia pic.twitter.com/PGA3pyhMhP — ABC News (@ABC) November 11, 2016
A total of 71 "protesters" were arrested on Saturday night alone according to the Portland PD.
Photos: 71 arrested at Saturday night protest in Portland https://t.co/YWqmQ8Pq5W pic.twitter.com/PH0DkxKCF7 — KGW News (@KGWNews) November 13, 2016
"Surprisingly," the majority of the arrests were of angry, millennial, white kids rather than minorities who the mainstream media insists are so adversely impacted by a Trump presidency.
Meanwhile, a flash mob in Philadelphia over the weekend left 6 people injured, including a cop who suffered a fractured orbital bone.
Six people, including an off-duty police detective and his wife, were injured after a "flash mob" attack by some among a crowd of juveniles in downtown Philadelphia, police said. A 55-year-old off-duty police detective saw a 20-year-old man and a 21-year-old woman being assaulted and tried to arrest one of the offenders. He was punched from behind by several people, police said. The detective's 53-year-old wife splashed water on the offenders to try to stop them from attacking her husband, and she was punched in the face, police said. All of the offenders then fled. The four victims were taken to a nearby hospital. Immediately afterward, there was another assault by several juveniles nearby, and two 16-year-old youths were arrested, police said. In all, six people were injured. "It's crazy out here," said Dwight Magood. "I don't know if they were trying to protest or 'flash mobbing.' But it's not the right way to do it, whatever it was."
Philadelphia flash mob attacks leave 6 people injured, including an off-duty police detective and his wife. https://t.co/tLp428hLYT pic.twitter.com/ysxLPzHORO — ABC News (@ABC) November 14, 2016
We're still anxiously awaiting Hillary to remind these disaffected supporters that we're:
First I decided that I'd create a small demo app to reproduce the issue — a simple page with 2500 Rectangles in a Grid proved to be perfect for it.
I started monitoring two events to see how often did the layout updates happen:
LayoutRoot.SizeChanged += (sender, args) => { Debug.WriteLine($"{DateTime.Now.Ticks} Grid size changed, layout update triggered."); };
Window.Current.SizeChanged += (sender, args) => { Debug.WriteLine($"{DateTime.Now.Ticks} Window size changed."); };
Apparently quite often:
Lots of events.
Step 0: Stop the Frame from resizing when the Window size changes.
This is pretty straightforward, we just need to edit the rootFrame init code in App.xaml.cs:
// Create a Frame to act as the navigation context and navigate to the first page
rootFrame = new Frame
{
HorizontalAlignment = HorizontalAlignment.Left,
VerticalAlignment = VerticalAlignment.Top,
Width = Window.Current.Bounds.Width,
Height = Window.Current.Bounds.Height
};
And with that the layout updates are gone.
Important detail here that if we resize the window below its original size and than resize it to be large again, we still experience the drawing lagging behind. As our content will adapt to the small size soon this won't be an issue.
Step 1: Getting Reactive Extensions on board
For a while now I've been meaning to try out RX, so I felt like tonight's the night*. If you don't know what RX is, go and check this out first (still haven't found a better introduction.)
We need the Rx-Main and the Rx-Xaml packages from NuGet, so after installing those we can continue.
Step 2: Making our Frame follow the Window size changes
Only a few lines for the magic to happen:
var sizeChangedObservable = Observable.FromEventPattern<WindowSizeChangedEventHandler, WindowSizeChangedEventArgs>(
handler => Window.Current.SizeChanged += handler,
handler => Window.Current.SizeChanged -= handler);
sizeChangedObservable.Throttle(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(0.35)).ObserveOnDispatcher(CoreDispatcherPriority.Normal).Subscribe(x =>
{
rootFrame.Width = x.EventArgs.Size.Width;
rootFrame.Height = x.EventArgs.Size.Height;
});
We first create an IObservable from our Window's SizeChanged event, than we subscribe to the changes and change the Frame's size manually. The two important details here:
we need to observe on the dispatcher, as we'll touch the UI here (this is why we need the Rx-Xaml package),
by throttling the changes only a little amount (0.35s) we get rid of the constant invalidation of the layout.
Step 3: … ?
Step 4: Profit!
Feels even better in release mode.
Although we can't completely get rid of the issue (with quick large > small > large change we can still see the drawing only catching-up) I think this is better than the constant re-draw we experienced before.
shore party out
* I'll never forgive them for that ending.
In anticipation of 2012 local elections, the Scottish National Party (SNP) recently pledged to create 22,00 new clean energy and low carbon industry jobs during the next four years of an SNP government. The jobs would span everything from wind turbine manufacturing to commissioned research toward creating new technologies in support of clean energy. In addition to the wealth of jobs, the SNP has guaranteed 500 apprenticeship opportunities in the energy industry.
During a recent announcement, SNP leader Alex Salmond said, “Scotland has been blessed with unrivalled energy resources – from North Sea oil and gas to massive sources of renewable power. Such rich, diverse natural resources, coupled with our wealth of engineering expertise, particularly offshore, will help maintain Scotland's position as a major global centre for energy innovation and for a range of low carbon technologies that contribute to protecting the planet for future generations.”
SNP Environment Secretary Richard Lochhead further detailed the SNP's plans saying, “A re-elected SNP Government working for Scotland will continue the success of the last four years to create 22,000 jobs in our low carbon industries in the next Parliament with a potential 130,000 jobs in the industry by 2020.”
The forthcoming 2012 elections are the result of recent SNP legislative action taken in the Scottish Parliament that split up and moved election dates around. With big companies like Mitsubishi already backing local offshore wind farms, they appear to be in a good position.
ADVERTISEMENT
If you could have the outlandish strength and agility of Halo's Master Chief, how much would you spend?
For the uninitiated, Master Chief is the hero of the Halo video game series. A heavily genetically enhanced supersoldier, he can run faster, jump higher, see further, think faster, and endure longer than regular humans. So powerful is Master Chief that his alien adversaries think of him as a "demon" because of his ability to destroy hundreds or sometimes thousands of alien soldiers.
And a genetically engineered human isn't a wild fantasy. Researchers have recently made impressive advances in real-life human enhancement — including in human genetic engineering and cyborg enhancements, like mechanical muscles and cognitive implants — that are inching us closer to the technologies that Halo and countless other sci-fi examples predicted. While still purely speculative, these technologies could one day have huge effects on society.
Today, only Usain Bolt can run as fast as Usain Bolt. No matter how hard you or I train, we could never get close to him. The 27-year-old Jamaican has run the 100-meter dash in just 9.58 seconds, 0.16 seconds faster than anyone else, and far faster than the 12 or 15 or 20 seconds it might take a nonathlete to do it. But if you knew precisely which genes contributed to Bolt's speed — muscle texture, bone density, reaction time, mental determination, etc. — it might be possible to implant these genes in humans the way genetic engineers today can implant genes in plants to, for example, make them resistant to pesticides.
Of course, the traditional way that genetic material is distributed is through reproduction, where gene inheritance is determined by random chance. Usain Bolt's children might inherit his speed advantages, or they might not, depending on which genes they inherit. Similarly, the children of ingenious financiers and entrepreneurs might inherit the genes that allowed for their progenitor's ingenuity as well as their fortune, or they might grow up to be fast-spending, hard-partying money squanderers who end up losing the family fortune.
But seriously, imagine that in the future, the children of the wealthy don't just inherit their financial fortune; they are genetically engineered before birth to remain lean, to not get cancer, to run fast, to jump high, to think fast, to see crystal-clear, to sing in perfect pitch, to socialize easily, to remain calm under pressure, and to easily grasp abstract concepts like the subjective theory of value or vector calculus. They may have mechanical muscle enhancements to enhance their strength or speed, too. And their parents can choose genes that will shape their appearance: They could look like Leonardo DiCaprio, Halle Berry, Barack Obama, Selena Gomez, or anyone, really. They are born with a computer implanted in their brains that hooks them up to the internet, allowing them to Google a term in their minds, to take photographs just by looking at things, to send emails just by thinking, or to design and 3-D-print objects just by imagining them. And life-extension technologies could keep them looking and feeling youthful for hundreds of years, too.
Today, people who aren't born to the wealthy have some pretty serious educational, social, and economic disadvantages. Social mobility is falling. But today's privilege would be dwarfed by this possible future's. The kind of economic inequality that genetic alterations and technological enhancements could foster over multiple generations is huge. It could even split the human race: Various groups of transhumans who have been genetically and mechanically enhanced vs. regular humans like me and you who haven't.
Of course, we're not there yet: Human genetic engineering remains in its infancy, used so far only to help couples struggling to conceive. We still don't know exactly which genes give Usain Bolt his speed and exactly how the interaction between genes and environment make a human popular, interesting, or ingenious. And the very concept of eugenics remains rightfully taboo after it was used in the early 20th century to forcibly sterilize vulnerable minority individuals and inspired the Nazi extermination programs against Jews, Gypsies, the disabled, homosexuals, and other minority groups.
So, thankfully, the kind of supersoldiers envisaged in Halo remains a distant prospect. But it's coming.
The press referred to Raymond Loewy as The Man Who Shaped America , The Father of Streamlining and The Father of Industrial Design . [3]
Raymond Loewy ( LOH-ee , French pronunciation: ​ [ʁɛmɔ̃ løui] November 5, 1893 – July 14, 1986) was a Franco–American industrial designer who achieved fame for the magnitude of his design efforts across a variety of industries. He was recognized for this by Time magazine and featured on its cover on October 31, 1949. [2]
Loewy served in the French army during World War I (1914–1918), attaining the rank of captain. He was wounded in combat and received the Croix de guerre . After the war he moved to New York, where he arrived in September 1919. [ citation needed ]
Loewy was born in Paris in 1893, the son of Maximilian Loewy, a Jewish journalist from Austria, and a French mother, Marie Labalme. Loewy distinguished himself early with the design of a successful model aircraft , which won the Gordon Bennett Cup for model airplanes in 1908. [4] By the following year, he had commercial sales of the plane, named the Ayrel .
Early work Edit
In Loewy's early years in the United States, he lived in New York and found work as a window designer for department stores, including Macy's, Wanamaker's and Saks in addition to working as a fashion illustrator for Vogue and Harper's Bazaar. In 1929 he received his first industrial-design commission to contemporize the appearance of a duplicating machine by Gestetner. Further commissions followed, including work for Westinghouse, the Hupp Motor Company (the Hupmobile styling), and styling the Coldspot refrigerator[5] for Sears-Roebuck. It was this product that established his reputation as an industrial designer. He opened a London office in the mid-1930s that continues to operate.[6]
Pennsylvania Railroad Edit
In 1937, Loewy established a relationship with the Pennsylvania Railroad, and his most notable designs for the firm involved some of their passenger locomotives. He designed a streamlined shroud for K4s Pacific #3768 to haul the newly redesigned 1938 Broadway Limited. He followed by styling the experimental S1 locomotive, as well as the T1 class.
Later, at the Pennsylvania Railroad's request, he restyled Baldwin's diesels with a distinctive "sharknose" reminiscent of the T1. While he did not design the famous GG1 electric locomotive, he improved its appearance with welded rather than riveted construction, and he added a pinstripe paint scheme to highlight its smooth contours.
In addition to locomotive design, Loewy's studios provided many designs for the Pennsylvania Railroad, including stations, passenger-car interiors, and advertising materials. By 1949, Loewy employed 143 designers, architects, and draftsmen. His business partners were A. Baker Barnhart, William Snaith, and John Breen.[7]
Studebaker Edit
Loewy had a long and fruitful relationship with American carmaker Studebaker. Studebaker first retained Loewy and Associates and Helen Dryden as design consultants in 1936[8]:[p.247] and in 1939 Loewy began work with the principal designer Virgil Exner.[8][9] Their designs first began appearing with the late-1930s Studebakers. Loewy also designed a new logo to replace the "turning wheel" that had been the Studebaker trademark since 1912.[8]
During World War II, American government restrictions on in-house design departments at Ford, General Motors, and Chrysler prevented official work on civilian automobiles. Because Loewy's firm was independent of the fourth-largest automobile producer in America, no such restrictions applied. This permitted Studebaker to launch the first all-new postwar automobile in 1947, two years ahead of the "Big Three." His team developed an advanced design featuring flush-front fenders and clean rearward lines. The Loewy staff, headed by Exner, also created the Starlight body, which featured a rear-window system that wrapped 180° around the rear seat.
1953 Studebaker Commander Starliner hardtop
A concept sketch of the 1963 Avanti by Loewy
The 1963 Studebaker Avanti in a non-standard blue color and wheels
In addition to the iconic bullet-nosed Studebakers of 1950 and 1951, the team created the 1953 Studebaker line, highlighted by the Starliner and Starlight coupes. (Publicly credited to Loewy, they were actually the work of Robert Bourke.[10])
The Starlight has consistently ranked as one of the best-designed cars of the 1950s in lists compiled since by Collectible Automobile, Car and Driver, and Motor Trend. The '53 Starliner, recognized today as "one of the most beautiful cars ever made",[11][not specific enough to verify] was radical in appearance, as radical in its way as the 1934 Airflow. However, it was beset by production problems.[11]
To brand the new line, Loewy also contemporized Studebaker's logo again by applying the "Lazy S" element. His final commission of the 1950s for Studebaker was the transformation of the Starlight and Starliner coupes into the Hawk series for the 1956 model year. The photo to the right actually shows a Starliner hardtop, which does not have the "C" pillar.
In the spring of 1961, Studebaker's new president, Sherwood Egbert, recalled Loewy to design the Avanti. Egbert hired him to help energize Studebaker's soon-to-be-released line of 1963 passenger cars to attract younger buyers.
Despite the short 40-day schedule allowed to produce a finished design and scale model, Loewy agreed to take the job. He recruited a team consisting of experienced designers, including former Loewy employees John Ebstein; Bob Andrews; and Tom Kellogg, a young student from the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena. The team worked in a house leased for the purpose in Palm Springs, California. (Loewy also had a home in Palm Springs that he designed himself.[12]) Each team member had a role. Andrews and Kellogg handled sketching, Ebstein oversaw the project, and Loewy was the creative director and offered advice.
NASA Edit
Raymond Loewy worked for NASA from 1967 to 1973.[13] Loewy was employed as a Habitability Consultant by NASA when they designed the Skylab space station, launched in 1973.[14] One of NASA's goals in hiring him was to improve the psychology, safety, and comfort of manned spacecraft.[13]
This weekend I decided to take a short vacation from my book writing effort and spend time on a project I wanted to work on for a long time. The result of this effort is a brand-new Flask extension that I think is pretty cool.
I'm happy to introduce Flask-SocketIO, a very easy to use extension that enables WebSocket communications in Flask applications.
What is WebSocket?
WebSocket is a new communication protocol introduced with HTML5, mainly to be implemented by web clients and servers, though it can also be implemented outside of the web.
Unlike HTTP connections, a WebSocket connection is a permanent, bi-directional communication channel between a client and the server, where either one can initiate an exchange. Once established, the connection remains available until one of the parties disconnects from it.
WebSocket connections are useful for games or web sites that need to display live information with very low latency. Before this protocol existed there were other much less efficient approaches to achieve the same result such as Comet.
The following web browsers support the WebSocket protocol:
Chrome 14
Safari 6
Firefox 6
Internet Explorer 10
What is SocketIO?
SocketIO is a cross-browser Javascript library that abstracts the client application from the actual transport protocol. For modern browsers the WebSocket protocol is used, but for older browsers that don't have WebSocket SocketIO emulates the connection using one of the older solutions, the best one available for each given client.
The important fact is that in all cases the application uses the same interface, the different transport mechanisms are abstracted behind a common API, so using SocketIO you can be pretty much sure that any browser out there will be able to connect to your application, and that for every browser the most efficient method available will be used.
What about Flask-Sockets?
A while ago Kenneth Reitz published Flask-Sockets, another extension for Flask that makes the use of WebSocket accessible to Flask applications.
The main difference between Flask-Sockets and Flask-SocketIO is that the former wraps the native WebSocket protocol (through the use of the gevent-websocket project), so it can only be used by the most modern browsers that have native support. Flask-SocketIO transparently downgrades itself for older browsers.
Another difference is that Flask-SocketIO implements the message passing protocol exposed by the SocketIO Javascript library. Flask-Sockets just implements the communication channel, what is sent on it is entirely up to the application.
Flask-SocketIO also creates an environment for event handlers that is close to that of regular view functions, including the creation of application and request contexts. There are some important exceptions to this explained in the documentation, however.
A Flask-SocketIO Server
Installation of Flask-SocketIO is very simple:
$ pip install flask-socketio
Note that Flask-SocketIO depends on gevent, so at this time it can only run on Python 2.x. Support for Python 3 is coming for gevent, so the situation is likely to improve in the near future. (Update: Flask-SocketIO version 1.0 is fully compatible with Python 2.7 and 3.3+, see bottom of the article for more information).
Below is an example Flask application that implements Flask-SocketIO:
from flask import Flask, render_template from flask_socketio import SocketIO, emit app = Flask(__name__) app.config['SECRET_KEY'] = 'secret!' socketio = SocketIO(app) @app.route('/') def index(): return render_template('index.html') @socketio.on('my event', namespace='/test') def test_message(message): emit('my response', {'data': message['data']}) @socketio.on('my broadcast event', namespace='/test') def test_message(message): emit('my response', {'data': message['data']}, broadcast=True) @socketio.on('connect', namespace='/test') def test_connect(): emit('my response', {'data': 'Connected'}) @socketio.on('disconnect', namespace='/test') def test_disconnect(): print('Client disconnected') if __name__ == '__main__': socketio.run(app)
The extension is initialized in the usual way, but to simplify the start up of the server a custom run() method is provided by the extension. This method starts gevent, the only supported web server. Using gunicorn with a gevent worker should also work. The run() method takes optional host and port arguments, but by default it will listen on localhost:5000 like Flask's development web server.
The only traditional route in this application is / , which serves index.html , a web document that contains the client implementation of this example.
To receive WebSocket messages from the client the application defines event handlers using the socketio.on decorator.
The first argument to the decorator is the event name. Event names 'connect' , 'disconnect' , 'message' and 'json' are special events generated by SocketIO. Any other event names are considered custom events.
The 'connect' and 'disconnect' events are self-explanatory. The 'message' event delivers a payload of type string, and the 'json' and custom events deliver a JSON payload, in the form of a Python dictionary.
Events can be defined inside a namespace by adding the namespace optional argument to the socketio.on decorator. Namespaces allow a client to open multiple connections to the server that are multiplexed on a single socket. When a namespace is not specified the events are attached to the default global namespace.
To send events a Flask server can use to send() and emit() functions provided by Flask-SocketIO. To send() function sends a standard message of string or JSON type to the client. To emit() function sends a message under a custom event name.
Messages are sent to the connected client by default, but when including the broadcast=True optional argument all clients connected to the namespace receive the message.
A SocketIO Client
Ready to try your hand at some Javascript? The index.html page used by the example server contains a little client application that uses jQuery and SocketIO. The relevant code is shown below:
$(document).ready(function(){ var socket = io.connect('http://' + document.domain + ':' + location.port + '/test'); socket.on('my response', function(msg) { $('#log').append('<p>Received: ' + msg.data + '</p>'); }); $('form#emit').submit(function(event) { socket.emit('my event', {data: $('#emit_data').val()}); return false; }); $('form#broadcast').submit(function(event) { socket.emit('my broadcast event', {data: $('#broadcast_data').val()}); return false; }); });
The socket variable is initialized with a SocketIO connection to the server. Note how the namespace /test is specified in the connection URL. To connect without using a namespace it is sufficient to call io.connect() without any arguments.
The socket.on() syntax is used in the client side to define an event handler. In this example a custom event with name 'my response' is handled by adding the data attribute of the message payload to the contents of a page element with id log . This element is defined in the HTML portion of the page.
The next two blocks override the behavior of two form submit buttons so that instead of submitting a form over HTTP they trigger the execution of a callback function.
For the form with id emit to submit handler emits a message to the server with name 'my event' that includes a JSON payload with a data attribute set to the value of the text field in that form.
The second form, with id broadcast does the same thing, but sends the data under a different event name called 'my broadcast event' .
If you now go back to the server code you can review the handlers for these two custom events. For 'my event' the server just echoes the payload back to the client in a message sent under event name 'my response' , which is handled by showing the payload in the page. The event named 'my broadcast event' does something similar, but instead of echoing back to the client alone it broadcasts the message to all connected clients, also under the 'my response' event.
You can view the complete HTML document in the GitHub repository.
Running the Example
To run this example you first need to download the code from GitHub. For this you have two options:
Clone the repository with git
Download the project as a zip file.
The example application is in the example directory, so cd to it to begin.
To keep your global Python interpreter clean it is a good idea to make a virtual environment:
$ virtualenv venv $ . venv/bin/activate
Then you need to install the dependencies:
(venv) $ pip install -r requirements.txt
Finally you can run the application:
(venv) $ python app.py
Now open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:5000 and you will get a page with two forms as shown in the following screenshot:
Any text you submit from any of the two text fields will be sent to the server over the SocketIO connection, and the server will echo it back to the client, which will append the message to the "Receive" part of the page, where you can already see the message sent by the 'connect' event handler from the server.
Things get much more interesting if you connect a second browser to the application. In my case I'm testing this with Firefox and Chrome, but any two browsers that you run on your machine will do. If you prefer to access the server from multiple machines you can do that too, but you first need to change the start up command to socketio.run(app, host='0.0.0.0') so that the server listens on the public network interface.
With two or more clients when you submit a text from the form on the left only the client that submitted the message gets the echoed response. If you submit from the form on the right the server broadcasts the message to all connected clients, so all get the reply.
If a client disconnects (for example if you close the browser window) the server will detect it a few seconds later and send a disconnect event to the application. The console will print a message to that effect.
Final Words
For a more complete description of this extension please read the documentation. If you want to make improvements to it feel free to fork it and then submit a pull request.
I hope you make cool applications with this extension. I can tell you that I had a lot of fun implementing this extension.
If you make something with it feel free to post links in the comments below.
UPDATE: Flask-SocketIO version 0.3 adds support for rooms. This enables targeting subsets of connected users without having to use the broadcast option that sends to everyone.
UPDATE #2: Flask-SocketIO version 1.0 adds support for Python 3.3+, and offers the choice to use gevent or eventlet as web server, as well as the standard Flask server. When using the Flask server the bi-directional channel is emulated using the HTTP long-polling technique.
Miguel
>>Read more on The Observers: Young Iranians explain just how easy it is to get banned alcohol
All of the photos in this article come from My Stealthy Freedom
Iran is one of the few countries that uses Sharia, Islamic law that is heavily based on the dogma of the Qu'ran. This strict adherence to an ancient legal code in Iran means that authorities resort to centuries-old forms of punishment.The problem is that Iran is a young country, and its youth are becoming more and more Westernised in their behaviour. Many young Iranians don't practise as strict a form of Islam as the authorities would like, and increasingly they are less religious. As a result, every week Iranian media publish stories about groups of young people arrested in ‘mixed' parties – that is, parties with both men and women attending. A party with unmarried couples and alcohol flowing is a one-way ticket to punishment by Iran's morality police – if they are caught. Often the punishment for this type of crime is “shallagh”, or the lash in Farsi.The actual number of young people being brought before Sharia law is probably far more common than local media report. In every town in Iran, arrests happen every day and have even become normal as a result. To try to raise awareness of the injustice of these violent punishments, the Facebook page My Stealthy Freedom , which first became known for posting daring photos of Iranian women without their headscarf, has recently published a litany of photos of young men and women displaying their wounds after having being arrested.The photos are testament to the hours of torture that are inflicted on those arrested. Masih Alinejad, who runs the Facebook page My Stealthy Freedom, had to write, “These photos are too horrible, please stop sending them to me”. But according to our Observer, the worst part is not the physical pain. “It's the pain caused by the insults and humiliation they put you through – that's a pain that will never go away.”
Conservative MPs are reportedly considering calling a vote of no confidence in Theresa May if she cannot win a key vote on the Queen's Speech.
The Prime Minister is still trying to put together an agreement with the DUP which would allow a Tory minority government to function.
But party sources told the Sunday Times they could move to depose Mrs May if it looks like she will lose the crunch vote on the Government's legislative agenda, due at the end of this month.
As many as a dozen MPs are apparently prepared to send a letter declaring no confidence in their leader to the backbench 1922 committee, although there would need to be a total of 48 signatures to force a vote.
"She's going to have to go sooner rather than later," a former minister told the paper.
"The critical moment is June 28 and 29, when there are votes on the Queen's speech. If it looks like they will be lost, you have to strike."
An unnamed minister suggested Mrs May needed to improve her performance or face a challenge.
"She had better stop feeling sorry for herself, pull up her socks and start to lead — and if she can't do that she should go. Shape up or ship out," they said.
South Cambridgeshire MP Heidi Allen issued a coded warning about her boss' future, saying the public wanted "a leader and a party that will carry us through this most turbulent of periods"
She added: "We have to change and if we don't we deserve to die."
BREXIT CHALLENGE
The Sunday Telegraph reports that Brexit could be the issue that does for the May premiership, with eurosceptic MPs prepared to remove her if the Government deviates from its current position.
"If we had a strong signal that she were backsliding I think she would be in major difficulty," one MP told the paper.
They said the plan would be to run a "stalking horse" candidate to force Mrs May to resign.
The negotiations will take centre stage again tomorrow when Brexit Secretary David Davis travels to Brussels to begin talks with his EU counterpart, Michel Barnier.
Begging for a pardon: Why some of the wrongfully convicted could go penniless
Begging for a pardon: Why some of the wrongfully convicted could go penniless
The 1983 rape and murder of 11-year-old Sabrina Buie rocked the small North Carolina town of Red Springs and led quickly to the arrest of two area men – Henry McCollum and Leon Brown.
From there the two brothers, whose IQs once measured in the 50s, withstood a trial and then four years later, retrials.
They spent thirty-one years behind bars — McCollum, on death row — while attorneys pursued allegations of prosecutorial misconduct and pushed for renewed examination of evidence.
In 2009, investigators from the state Innocence Inquiry Commission reopened their case and, after five years of review that included DNA evidence pointing to a different man, concluded the men were innocent.
“It was the most exhaustive investigation I've ever seen in a criminal case,” said Ken Rose, one of their attorneys at the time.
The Robeson County District Attorney agreed with the investigators, as did Superior Court Judge Douglas B. Sasser who, after a hearing last September, declared the men innocent and ordered them released immediately.
The men left prison with $45 from the state in their pockets, led to believe that by law they were entitled to, and would soon get, additional compensation for the loss of 31 years of freedom.
But that's not happening quickly, due to a glitch in the statute requiring them to first be pardoned by the governor.
And that's where the process overtakes the point.
Despite the findings of the Commission, the agreement by the District Attorney and the order of Judge Sasser, the governor's office has apparently opened its own investigation into McCollum's and Brown's innocence – hence the delay.
Tired of waiting, attorneys for the men have planned a rally outside the governor's mansion for May 19, hoping to bring some public pressure on the often-politicized pardon process.
“We're going to have a bunch of people out there asking for justice, asking the governor to do the right thing and pardon these guys,” said Patrick Megaro, an attorney from Orlando who currently represents McCollum and Brown.
“As you can imagine, 31 years has taken a toll. The healing process really begins with a pardon because that's when there will be an official acknowledgement that the state of North Carolina has made a mistake.”
September 1983
The case against McCollum and Brown opened with conflicting statements from a local high school student implicating McCollum initially in the rape and murder, based upon what she'd heard at school and upon the strange way he “stared at people” and “didn't act right.”
It didn't get much stronger from there.
Within days of the murder local police brought McCollum and Brown, then 19 and 15, in for a late-night questioning session that led to confessions – signed, according to their attorneys, with promises of being able to then go home.
Instead they were arrested.
Those confessions conflicted factually, no one witnessed the crime, and no physical or forensic evidence tied the men to the scene or the victim.
But the county district attorney at the time, Joe Freeman Britt – dubbed the “deadliest D.A.” for his record in securing death sentences – forged ahead, securing convictions and death sentences against both in 1984.
The state Supreme Court reversed those convictions in 1988, and the men were tried again, with McCollum convicted and sentenced to death in 1991 and Brown convicted and sentenced to life in 1992.
In 2004, a judge ordered DNA testing on evidence, as did the state Innocence Inquiry Commission in 2010 after it opened a review of the convictions.
None of that testing linked the men to the crimes, but testing on a cigarette butt found at the scene did match state prison inmate Roscoe Artis, who was already serving a life sentence for a similar rape and murder in Red Springs just a month after the Buie crime.
“This was ‘once in a blue moon,'” Rose said. “Not only did the evidence that Innocence Inquiry Commission discovered show that McCollum and Brown were innocent, but it also identified the person who committed the crime.”
That evidence sufficed to convince commission associate director Sharon Stellato that McCollum and Brown were innocent.
Stellato testified at length before Judge Sasser at a hearing in September 2014 about the extensive 4-year investigation the commission had undertaken.
Robeson County District Attorney L. Johnson Britt III agreed with Stellato, as did Sasser, who in his order dismissing the charges and requiring their immediate release made specific findings of their innocence.
Nine days later, on September 11, 2014, the men filed their request for a pardon by Governor Pat McCrory.
Why the pardon?
Under North Carolina's compensation statute, the wrongfully convicted can recover for their losses in two ways: obtain a determination of innocence from the Commission that is then confirmed by an appointed three-judge panel, or otherwise receive a “pardon of innocence” from the governor “upon the grounds that the crime with which the person was charged either was not committed at all or was not committed by that person.”
Because McCollum and Brown were declared innocent by a judge, and not the commission followed by the three-judge panel, they'll get nothing – other than the $45 they each got when they left prison — unless and until the governor grants their pardon request.
That glitch in the law – recognizing judicial determinations of one sort but not another – is problematic, not just for McCollum and Brown but for the hundreds of others seeking review of their convictions and ultimately compensation each year.
“What we've done is create two classes of innocent people,” said Theresa Newman, co-director of the Wrongful Convictions Clinic at Duke Law School, “those who go through the courts and get exonerated, and those who go through the Innocence Inquiry Commission.”
(A bill that passed unanimously in the House in April to correct that glitch is now pending in the Senate.)
One reason that people don't go the commission route is that the commission is limited by statute as to what they can do, Newman added.
The evidence being brought to the commission's attention has to be new and it and it has to be evidence of innocence, not just of a wrongful conviction, she said.
Plus the commission has limited capacity and resources, so it can't take many of the hundreds of claims it receives each year.
For McCollum and Brown, getting the two quickly out from behind bars after 31 years drove their process.
“We felt that there was an amazing case that they were innocent and should get out of prison immediately,” Ken Rose said. “Our thought at that time that we could achieve that much quicker through the courts than through the Innocence Commission.”
Why the delay?
Nearly eight months have passed since McCollum and Brown requested pardons, with little information coming from the governor's office.
“I take this very seriously,” McCrory said in February, per a report in the News & Observer. “I've made a point to keep the politics out of that review process to let that team go at their pace without my interference.”
Governor's spokesperson Ryan Tronovitch told the New York Times in March that the review was “extensive and ongoing.”
And yesterday in an emailed statement, governor's counsel Bob Stephens expanded on that review:
When the Governor receives a request for a pardon of innocence, the Governor's Office begins its own investigation of the case. This is a thorough and detail-intensive process, and it takes time to complete. We review evidence, transcripts, and other reports connected to the case. Interviews of relevant parties are also conducted. With respect to Mr. McCollum and Mr. Brown's applications, the investigation is nearing completion.
The investigation is indeed extensive, according to Erich Hackney, an investigator with the Robeson County District Attorney's Office.
Hackney said that he is working with the State Bureau of Investigation on two separate investigations: one into who may be responsible for the rape and murder of Sabrina Buie, and another – the “clemency investigation” – into whether McCollum and Brown are “culpable to any extent” in that rape and murder.
The request for that “culpability” determination came from the governor's office, he added.
“Probably for the last three months, we've interviewed close to 20 people, re-interviewed all the prosecutors, the judges, officers, all SBI agents involved, other witnesses,” Hackney said. “We're still reviewing the evidence, because we just got that back from this Innocence Commission three weeks ago. And we keep getting information. It's one of those things that once you get into it, you start peeling the layers back, you start finding other things you want to go to, then you find additional things to look at. People have gone to other places in the country, some folks have died, and we're following up as quickly as we can as we learn things.”
Other reasons?
A new investigation by the governor into “culpability” has some concerned that he may be caving to the political pressure inherent in the pardon process – particularly given the exhaustive review and judicial imprimatur that the McCollum and Brown cases have already received.
The original prosecutor, Joe Freeman Britt, has publicly opposed any pardon for the men. “There is no doubt in my mind that they're not entitled to a pardon, and there is no doubt in my mind that they're not entitled to compensation by the taxpayers,” he said in the March New York Times story.
But attorneys involved in the case and others who work in this area say that the governor's work has already been done for him.
“A District Attorney would not have consented to their innocence, and a judge would not have put innocence in their order, if there was any level of culpability,” said Chris Mumma, executive director of the North Carolina Center on Actual Innocence.
“Once a District Attorney who's very familiar with the case and all the files and the law consents that they're innocent, then the governor's office shouldn't need to re-open the investigation.
Ken Rose echoed that sentiment.
“It should be a simple process for the governor,” he said. “First of all, there were findings of actual innocence in the actual order, which is rare. Second, it's extraordinarily rare where the evidence exculpates the defendant. Most of our cases fall into the other category – where there's insufficient evidence to go forward with a retrial. Here, not only are these two guys exculpated, but the evidence powerfully and unquestionably points to the actual perpetrator of the crime.”
Mumma called the “pardon of innocence” outdated, at least as a hurdle for those otherwise exonerated and looking for compensation.
“It doesn't really fit into the criminal justice system as we know it today,” she said. “It was developed before we had DNA, before we had the Innocence Inquiry Commission, before you could have this scientific evidence where you could identify the true perpetrator. It was designed for cases where you couldn't get judicial relief and you couldn't get the scientific evidence we have now.”
###
Editor's note: A Rally for Justice to pardon Henry McCollum and Leon Brown will be held May 19th in Raleigh. Click here to learn more.
Illustration: Matt Golding The campaign involved thousands of adsrunning across television, radio, online, billboards and in more than 60 local, regional and foreign language newspapers. But many of the projects being advertised, including the now dumped East West Link, were years from completion. Among the ads was one promoting a proposed airport rail line with services every 10 minutes. The rail link was not scheduled to open until 2026. "Governments shouldn't be splurging public money on ads like this because it just doesn't work - we now have empirical evidence from two elections it doesn't," said Public Transport Users Association president Tony Morton.
"Governments like to spin their way out of trouble, in transport more than any other area, and people are just sick of it." Under questioning throughout 2014, former premier Denis Napthine repeatedly refused to detail the cost of the transport ad campaign, saying only that his government's ad spending was less than his Labor predecessors. But the released documents show spending on the ads was at a rate far above the Brumby government's $6.8 million campaign to promote its "Victorian Transport Plan". The Andrews government on Monday also gave fresh detail on the extent of the Moving Victoria ad campaign, launched in 2013 after Dr Napthine replaced Ted Baillieu as leader. The campaign was seen as a bid to lift the government's electoral fortunes and change the perception of the government as mired in inertia.
It was a marked departure from promises made by Mr Baillieu in opposition to abandon such highly-politicised, publicly-funded advertising. In the 2014/15 financial year, the Napthine government spent $5.5 million on the Moving Victoria campaign. This was on top of $9.8 million spent in the previous financial year, bringing the total cost to $15.3 million. At the height of the campaign, tens of thousands of dollars were being paid each month to marketing, digital strategy and research companies. Tens of thousands of dollars were also paid to translation companies so that ads could be run in multiple languages. The documents also include details of more than $2 million paid in the final two months of 2013 to Mitchell and Partners ad agency.
This money was to pay television, radio, newspaper and web companies – including Fairfax Media, owner of The Age – for thousands of ads aired in late 2013. The freedom-of-information request submitted by Fairfax Media last February covered only the ad campaign to that date, but the campaign continued to run for much of 2014. Labor MP Gavin Jennings said the former government had wasted more than $15 million "advertising projects that aren't a priority for our state". But Coalition MP John Pesutto said the former government had delivered transport projects that improved punctuality, increased services and enhanced community safety. He said the campaign had been undertaken "to inform Victorians about details that were personally relevant to transport users" about large planned infrastructure investments.
By contrast, he said, "Daniel Andrews will have no major road or rail projects to inform Victorians about".
Source: Wikimedia Commons Colin from Los Angeles, USAderivative work
A while back, I wrote a blog entry on studies demonstrating that acetaminophen (the active ingredient in Tylenol) can dampen people's responses to negative events. So, if you experience social pain, you may actually be able to medicate yourself for it in the same way that you take pain killers for a headache.
A paper by Geoffrey Durso, Andrew Luttrell, and Baldwin Way in the June, 2015 issue of Psychological Science carries this work further. They were interested in how Tylenol could have this influence on emotional response.
One possibility they suggest is that acetaminophen interferes with the brain's ability to experience extreme emotions in general. If you think about your emotions, there is both a valence (whether the emotion is good or bad) and an intensity (how strongly that emotion is felt). So, you can be a little happy, or you can be elated. You can be miffed or really angry. Perhaps Tylenol dampens the intensity of emotions.
To test this possibility, participants were given 1000mg of acetominophen or a . That is the amount of acetaminophen in two normal tablets for adults. After a sixty minute waiting period, participants were shown pictures from the International Affective Picture System (IAPS). These pictures have been normed in studies for the emotional response they trigger. Pictures were selected across the range from very negative to neutral to very positive. Participants rated how negatively or positively they felt about the picture as well as the strength of their emotional response.
In one study as a control condition participants also viewed the pictures and rated how much blue there was in the pictures. That is a judgment that is not expected to be affected by the emotional response to the picture.
The results are fairly straightforward. Participants who took acetaminophen rated both very positive and very negative items as less extreme than those who took the placebo. Those who took acetaminophen also gave lower ratings for emotional strength, particularly for the most extreme items. That is, acetaminophen seems to have blunted the strength of all emotional responses.
But, acetaminophen did not affect every kind of rating. When participants rated how much blue there was in the pictures, the ratings were the same both for the acetaminophen and the control group.
It is important to recognize, though, that these effects are small. Overall, extreme reactions are blunted about a half a scale point compared to the control group. This is to be expected, of course. If over-the-counter pain medications eliminated all emotional reactions, we would know that already.
Finally, findings like this may help neuroscientists to look at the brain circuits involved in creating emotional intensity. Once we begin to understand what chemicals influence particular elements of psychological experience, we can begin to trace the circuits that are responsible for those elements of experience.
Follow me on Twitter.
And on Facebook and on Google+.
Check out my new book Smart Change.
And my books Smart Thinking and Habits of Leadership
Listen to my radio show on KUT radio in Austin Two Guys on Your Head and follow 2GoYH on Twitter and on Facebook.
The most-liked prefix or postfix in political speeches – “since 1994” – is usually used as a historic marker of how far our country has gone since the dark days of apartheid.
Important as it is, it is often abused, stripped of its significance and rendered unhelpful in measuring the progress – or lack of it – in various respects of our national life.
It might, on the face of it, sound like a nice achievement for the government to announce the number of households who got access to certain services for the first time “since 1994”.
But in reality, the “since 1994” phrase has fallen into the hands of politicians who use it to conceal the chronic underperformance of the current administration.
It might have made sense for President Nelson Mandela's administration to use the phrase because there was no precedent benchmark. The workings of a democratic government did not lend itself to legitimate comparisons with that of a minority apartheid government.
In hindsight, after the Thabo Mbeki administration took over, we should have toned down a bit on the “since 1994” mantra. His administration should have been measured against its own undertakings and the achievements of the Mandela administration. During his second term, the Mbeki administration should have measured its performance against his first term.
Fortunately for the Mandela and Mbeki administrations, even if we were to disaggregate their individual performances they would still record net positive, incremental achievements in many, though not all respects without comparisons with the FW de Klerk administration.
Under the Zuma administration, however, the “since 1994” phrase is concealing massive failures in nearly all respects of national life. It appropriates for itself the achievements of the previous administration and blends them under some imprecise averages.
Only voters are entitled to make average comparisons. But a governing administration must lay no claim to successes of predecessor administrations. Although Zuma might have participated in all post-1994 administrations, he was not the leader. Ultimately, Mandela and Mbeki were responsible for what was and wasn't achieved during their tenures.
It's no longer enough to merely say “since 1994” the ANC government has built so many houses or healthcare facilities or created so many jobs. Not least because the different administrations have had distinctly different approaches to dealing with matters of national concern – on job creation, crime, corruption, ethical leadership, poverty, foreign policy and so on.
It would be misleading, for example, for the Zuma administration to say, “since 1994” South Africa's standing in the world has improved. In fact, it did improve under Mandela, reached its peak under Mbeki and tumbled under Zuma. We are now at the lowest of the lowest in terms of our international reputation. Averages mustn't be used to make the ugly among us look pretty.
The important indicator now is how the Zuma administration, measured on its own, performs in all the indicators that matter to the nation. The recent Stats SA figures on unemployment and poverty clearly indicate that more South Africans are poorer under Zuma.
Conservatively, unemployment is just over 27 percent, far higher than under the previous administration. Among young people unemployment is over 50 percent.
Impatient about the slow rate at which unemployment was falling when the economy was growing during his administration, Mbeki raised concerns about the reliability of unemployment figures. He famously remarked that, like mini-skirts, statistics suggested more than they revealed.
But since his administration, the numbers have consistently revealed more than what can be gleaned through the hem of the mini-skirt. We can't miss the recent statistical revelations regardless of what the hem may or may not suggest. Stats SA revealed that 30.4 million people (55 percent of the population) are living in poverty, up from 27.3 million in 2011.
This means that relative to the performance of the Thabo Mbeki administration, the situation has worsened. And relative to Zuma's own first term, things just got worse. Apparently, Zuma's government, the largest in the history of the Republic, has nothing to show.
We have an unprecedented national crisis. Black women and the uneducated are the worst affected by unemployment and poverty. Typically, those affected by unemployment look for two sources of support to survive: dependency on the state, which is also running out of resources, and extended family members who pay the so-called “black tax”.
Unfortunately, while unemployment destroys the country's social fabric, Zuma's administration is only concerned about his personal survival. Civil society groups, churches, businesspeople, trade unions, veterans, academics, journalists and commentators have raised concerns. To no avail.
We are witnessing the great unravelling of our country. For every second that this is allowed to continue, it adds to the burden of the administration that will take over in 2019.
- Mpumelelo Mkhabela is a fellow at the Centre for the Study of Governance Innovation (GovInn) at the University of Pretoria.
Disclaimer: News24 encourages freedom of speech and the expression of diverse views. The views of columnists published on News24 are therefore their own and do not necessarily represent the views of News24.
* Only comments that contribute to a constructive debate will be approved by moderators.
Recipe: Paleo Mustard Chicken Thighs. Whole30 & Paleo Approved
I made these great mustard chicken thighs paleo recipe during Week 1 of my Whole30. They were so good and I have made them twice since! They are super easy and simple to make, which I love. I got the recipe from the book, Practical Paleo by Diane Sanflippo. The author runs a popular paleo website called balancedbites.com. Perhaps you have heard of it. Perhaps you have not. Either way, check it out. There's lots of great stuff on her website and her new book is chalk full of great information. It even includes 30 day paleo meal plans to cater towards people with certain issues. There's a special paleo diet plan for those with autoimmune disorder, digestive issues, etc. It's great. I've made her paleo pumpkin pancakes before as well but they are not Whole30 approved so I won't post them here.
Here is what you will need for the Mustard Chicken Thighs Paleo Recipe:
12 Chicken Thighs, bone-in, skin on
2 Tbsps Mustard (make sure to check the labels and confirm it is gluten-free and whole30 approved)
1/4 cup melted Coconut Oil
1 tsp Sage
1 tsp Sea Salt. I use a yummy Celtic Sea Salt that you can find here
Preheat oven to 425. Place the chicken on a baking sheet. I used a cookie sheet and covered in foil.
Mix the coconut oil, mustard, sage, and sea salt. Once the mixture is ready, take a brush and brush the mixture onto the chicken thighs. Make sure it is nice and evenly coated throughout the chicken thigh.
Bake the chicken for 45 minutes or until the internal temperature reaches 165. The skin will be nice and crispy when it's done. These are so easy and so good. Enjoy!
In This Post:
Pedestrian hit and killed by Metro bus downtown
BREAKING: police investigating deadly accident after person is hit & killed by Metro bus downtown, stay w/ @KPRC2 for more details pic.twitter.com/tj8mY90PlV — KPRCJonathan (@KPRCJonathan) January 11, 2017
Authorities are continuing to investigate what led to a Metro bus hitting and killing a pedestrian Tuesday evening.
The crash, at the corner of Milam and Congress downtown, happened just after 6 p.m. when the bus went to make a turn and ran into a pedestrian, a Metro spokesman said.
The Harris County medical examiner's office identified the victim on Wednesday. Michael Kenneth Unfried was a 36-year-old Pasadena resident. The victim's father said he was survived by two children, ages 10 and 17.
Metro spokesman Jerome Gray said Wednesday that Metro police have not yet provided more details about the fatality.
There were no passengers on the bus at the time of the incident.
Metro police are continuing to investigate.
The lack of an answer to the nuclear waste problem frustrated Rick Perry – now Energy Secretary – when he was governor.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton is suing the federal government for failing to move forward with plans for a national nuclear waste site. Among the lawsuit's targets are the Energy Department and its new secretary – former Texas Governor Rick Perry.
Used nuclear fuel has been piling up at power plants across the country for decades now, and the government still doesn't know where to put it all.
The Obama Administration pulled the plug on a planned waste dump in Nevada a few years ago, but regulators never formally decided on it. The lawsuit claims the federal government is violating the Nuclear Waste Policy Act by not approving that site, and the state wants a vote on it by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
The lack of an answer to the nuclear waste problem frustrated Perry as governor.
In 2011, he said Texans had been “betrayed” by the feds, and he said at his confirmation hearing in January he'll work on a path forward.
“Hopefully, this is the beginning of seeing real movement, real management of an issue that I think no longer can sit,” Perry said.
“It's time we quit continuing to pile nuclear waste in temporary casks above ground,” says Austin Nimocks, Associate Deputy Attorney General for Paxton and lead counsel for the lawsuit.
“We need to start moving this waste to a permanent repository and that's what this lawsuit is about.”
As the state calls for an end to temporary waste storage, a company called Waste Control Specialists (WCS) is asking for permission to do just that in West Texas. The company says it's still reviewing the lawsuit, and it's not sure how it would affect their plans.
“WCS has always been supportive of a permanent repository and we believe a consolidated interim storage facility is needed as part of an integrated waste management system in the U.S.,” company spokesperson Chuck McDonald said in a statement.
Several vans have been set on fire outside a police station in Hamburg, Germany, just 10 days after unknown assailants carried out an arson attack on a car belonging to the city mayor's security detail.
In the early hours of Monday, eight cars were torched outside a local police station in the Eimsbuettel neighborhood of Hamburg.
Police later confirmed that four patrol vehicles had been destroyed beyond repair, while four others were damaged. No one was injured in the incident.
Germany's Bild newspaper reported that two of the damaged vehicles were civilian.
What appears to be a well-planned arson attack was praised on a local left-wing website, according to broadcaster NDR. The message, titled ‘The whole of Hamburg hates the police, the whole world hates the police', claims that the target for the assault had been chosen carefully.
The police are acting as protectors of the ruling class and must be “attacked with full severity,” it added.
An investigation will specifically look at a possible link between the incident and the upcoming G20 summit in Hamburg, NDR reported. Gerhard Kirsch, head of the regional police union, said the arson attack signals the preparation of violent protests during the event, but cautioned against spreading panic.
Hamburg police released an angry statement on their Facebook page, saying: “The right to protest is enshrined in our basic law, but it has to stay within legal limits. Anyone who expresses their views through violence, either against property or people, is acting as a criminal.
“Setting vehicles on fire always endangers people – residents, fire brigades and policemen!” they wrote.
READ MORE: OSCE summit venue in Hamburg set on fire in likely politically-motivated attack (VIDEO)
Hamburg, which is preparing to host the G20 summit in July, has already seen similar acts of destruction in recent days.
In mid-March, radical left activists claimed responsibility for an arson attack on two police vehicles in the city. One of the cars, a police Mercedes Sprinter, was assigned to a security detail protecting the residence of Hamburg Mayor Olaf Scholz.
Shortly after, a Mercedes Viano belonging to the local police union was torched within sight of a police station.
Police said they suspected the attack could be related to the July G20 summit.
"We cannot rule out that this act was politically motivated," said police spokesman Oliver Malchow on Friday, according to Deutsche Welle.
Joe Biden has a simple message for Americans who want the AR-15 assault rifle used in some of the country's recent massacres: Get a shotgun instead.
"If you want to protect yourself, get a double-barrel shotgun. You don't need an AR-15," the vice president said Tuesday during a Facebook town hall hosted by Parents Magazine. "You don't need an AR-15. It's harder to aim; it's harder to use. Buy a shotgun. Buy a shotgun!"
Hearing Biden, President Obama's point man on new gun control measures, implore Americans to "buy a shotgun" may have sounded jarring to some. But according to the veep, it's all about gun safety and the right kind of gun culture.
"There is a really healthy gun culture in this country," Biden said, recalling his own upbringing around guns in Scranton, Pa. "We weren't even allowed while playing cops and robbers to point a cap gun at someone. You don't do that."
Biden questioned the need for any hunter to use an assault weapon like the AR-15.
"If you can't get the deer in the second or third shot, you shouldn't be out hunting deer," Biden said.
Vice President Joe Biden at Girard College in Philadelphia on Feb. 11 after a discussion on gun control with elected officials and law enforcement. "Nobody is going to take anyone's' guns,” said President Obama's point man on a new gun control push at the Facebook town hall Tuesday. (Matt Rourke/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
The White House has been pressing for new gun control laws ever since the massacre of 26 people, including 20 children, late last year in Newtown, Conn. Biden said Tuesday that universal background checks are a commonsense solution to the problem.
"Everyone who purchases a weapon has to have a background check," Biden said.
And he pushed back against conservative critics who say any new gun control laws are a slippery slope toward confiscation.
"There is no ban on guns," Biden said. "Nobody is going to take anyone's' guns.
"I have two shotguns at home," he added. "No one is gonna come and take my gun. We're talking about a background check."
danh@nydailynews.com
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
(TFC) – Fox News correspondent Jesse Watters was shouted off the streets by the crowd at the “DNC Resistance March Against Police Terrorism and State Repression” Tuesday as he was attempting to conduct interviews with protesters.
Watters is known for his Fox segment “Watter's World” in which he interviews people on the street. He did not have much success during this march, however, which was being held to pdrotest police violence. Greeted by shouts of “Fuck Fox News” and “Fox is KKK,” Watters and his camera person were quickly surrounded by the crowd on the fringes of the march. Protesters heckled and jeered Watters, placing flags and scarves over-top of the camera to prevent filming. See the video here:
A bottle of water was poured onto the visibly annoyed camera operator, while Watters seemed nervous but attempted to take the situation in stride, waving to the crowd and shaking his head. Philadelphia police officers, who were also filming the event, quickly arrived and escorted Watters and his camera person off the scene. As they were doing so, one local shouted “Hey Jesse, I know you! Welcome to Philly, dickhead!” which is, in all honesty, a fairly polite greeting for Philadelphia.
After refusing to deport liquor baron Vijay Mallya, the United Kingdom has now found deficiencies in India's request seeking extradition of British citizen and alleged middleman in the VVIP chopper deal, Christian Michel.
Advertising
Flagging the flaws, London has sent a list of queries back to India. One of these is that the extradition request does not mention the exact location of Michel in the UK, sources said.
While the request does mention Michel's address in that country, it is not sure of his location. In fact, while CBI sources say he is in the UK, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) has maintained that he is in the UAE. Both agencies have got a Red Corner Notice (RCN) against him. While the CBI had asked authorities in the UK to make a “provisional arrest”, the ED had sent an extradition request in January.
[related-post]
“The UK has raised certain queries with regard to Michel's extradition request. These have been forwarded to the ED. We are now waiting for the ED's reply on them,” a Ministry of External Affairs source said.
Elaborating on the queries, an ED source said there were other issues, too, regarding differences in law in the two countries and the way evidence is appreciated. “These things are being discussed,” he said.
According to the CBI and the ED, Michel is among the key accused in the Rs 3,600-crore AgustaWestland chopper deal case. The probe by the two agencies has pointed out that Michel's companies received around Euro 42 million to facilitate the deal, of which a large part was distributed as bribes.
The ED believes that the legitimate part of the offset money earmarked for another alleged middleman, Guido Haschke, by AgustaWestland went to IDS India, which was not part of the middlemen maze. The bribe money was allegedly sent to IDS Tunisia, which subsequently sent it to IDS Mauritius. It was IDS Mauritius that allegedly paid bribes to the Tyagi brothers. The ED is now hoping it would get a chance to interrogate Michel to pinpoint who he paid bribes to.
ED sources said the agency would now try to confirm his location in Dubai independently and get in touch with the UAE in due course. Both agencies have already rejected suggestions by Michel that he be examined remotely. The agencies want Michel to join the probe in India.
Indian agencies have always found it difficult to get fugitives extradited from the UK. Despite attempts, the CBI has not been able to get naval war room leak case accused Ravi Shankaran from the UK. Its request was rejected by a UK court in April 2014.
The agency, on a request from the Mumbai Police, had unsuccessfully tried to get underworld don Iqbal Mirchi extradited from the UK way back in 1995. Similarly, India could never get musician Nadeem from there through the extradition route in connection with the Gulshan Kumar murder case. The latest is the case of former IPL chairman Lalit Modi, who fled the country in 2010 and has been in the UK ever since.
WATCH INDIAN EXPRESS VIDEOS HERE
Low undecided on Germany captaincy
No decision has been made on who will deputise for Manuel Neuer as Germany's captain, according to coach
Joachim Low has not yet decided who will take over the captaincy from injured goalkeeper Manuel Neuer.
Hazard to miss start of season
Neuer is not available for Tuesday's friendly against , Saturday's World Cup qualifier against San Marino or the upcoming Confederations Cup after breaking a metatarsal during 's quarter-final defeat to eventual winners in April.
Low has named an inexperienced squad to face Denmark, with defender Mats Hummels, midfielders Toni Kroos and Mesut Ozil and attacker Thomas Muller all missing, while duo Kerem Demirbay and Sandro Wagner are among players who could make their debuts.
And the World Cup-winning coach is unclear on who will wear the armband with so many regular players unavailable, although he hinted centre-back Shkodran Mustafi is in contention to be named captain.
"I have not dealt with the question yet," Low told reporters on Monday. "We also have other people who already take on management tasks at their clubs.
"Of course, I will try to pass on my experience and help the young players. There are no unknown faces for me. I am happy about anyone who gets a chance here — this is an exciting time.
"Mustafi was not used very often due to the fact that Mats Hummels and Jerome Boateng often played in the tournaments. I believe he is doing well with our young and inexperienced team, because he can also take on management tasks.
"We have two to three players who already have more tournament experience: Mustafi, Julian Draxler and Emre Can. I think it will become clear, who will also take on the field leadership tasks during the Confederations Cup.
"It should be that all players who are involved are given as much time as possible. I would like to bring different players from the beginning depending on the situation in the games at the Confederations Cup. You will then see which young players have the ability to take responsibility."
Mustafi insisted he is not thinking about the captaincy and instead looking forward to reuniting with previous youth international team-mates, including Marvin Plattenhardt and Amin Younes, who could make their Germany debuts against Denmark.
"I have not been concerned with the captain's question yet, and we've got others who have leadership qualities and take over their teams," the Arsenal defender said. "I will try to share my experiences and help.
"There are no unknown faces for me, I know every single player and I'm happy that some of them have a chance, I'm looking forward to seeing new faces."
Eraldo Peres / AP An antiabortion protest in Brasília in 2007
It should not be too surprising that in Brazil, the country with the largest number of Roman Catholics (73% of the populace, or about 140 million), abortion is illegal except in cases of rape, when the mother's life is in danger or when the fetus has severe genetic abnormalities. Indeed, the ban on abortion is an immovable plank in the campaign platforms of the two main candidates in Brazil's upcoming presidential election. Yet a recent study revealed that 1 in 5 Brazilian women of child-bearing age has terminated a pregnancy, and statistics by the Health Ministry show that 200,000 women each year are hospitalized because of complications arising from unsafe abortions.
The study has shocked doctors, who were surprised at just how common the illegal procedures are. "I think the big conclusion we draw from this is that the woman who has an abortion is a typical Brazilian woman," says Marcelo Medeiros, the economist and sociologist who coordinated the government-funded study. "She could be your cousin, your mother, your sister or your neighbor. All the evidence shows this is a serious problem and one that is not being debated openly."
Outgoing President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, who says he is personally against abortion, is on the record calling for the state to discuss it as a public-health, rather than as a moral, issue. The popular President, however, has done little to foster any wider debate on legalizing the procedure, and his government has not made reducing maternal mortality  which is tied to the unsafe abortions  one of its health goals. The two leading candidates to replace him in October's presidential election have adopted a similar stance and both say they have no plans to change the current law. Only Marina Silva of Green Party, the outsider in the race, has said she supports a liberalization of current rules surrounding abortion. But even Silva has not said that she is advocating outright legalization. (From TIME's archive: "The Battle over Abortion.")
In fact, Brazil's Congress is discussing tightening legislation rather than relaxing it. A bill in the committee stage proposes criminalizing any act designed to deliberately damage a fetus and prohibiting any statements that promote even legal abortion, a move the New York Citybased Center for Reproductive Rights said "totally disregards women's health and lives." Health professionals say they hope the bill will die with the end of the current legislature and are hopeful next year's new Congress will be more forward-looking.
Birth-control advocates are dismayed that Roman Catholic Church still wields considerable power. Brazil was recently the scene of a controversy involving the excommunication of doctors who performed an abortion on a 9-year-old raped by her stepfather. Bishops last month pointedly told voters to vote for a presidential candidate who is "committed to unconditional respect for life." (See the growth of crisis pregnancy centers in the U.S.)
And yet if the study's findings are correct, abortion is alarmingly widespread given its illegal status. Although exact figures are impossible to determine, experts believe between 500,000 and 1 million pregnancies are terminated in Brazil each year. Around half of them are induced using a cocktail of drugs and the rest are performed in clandestine clinics. The number of women hospitalized from complications arising from illegal abortions fell by 40,000 between 2003 and last year. However, 200,000 women are still admitted each year, says Adson França, the special assistant to the Health Minister.
França says the federal government offers everything from condoms and contraceptive pills to vasectomies  all free  in every one of the country's 5,565 municipalities. It has increased the budget for contraceptive measures sevenfold since 2003. But in spite of that, and for all Brazil's undeniable progress in other health-related fields, maternal mortality has remained steady for 15 years, a fact researchers say is intimately linked to a lack of safe abortions. Specialists fear that unless the issue is treated more as a health one than as a moral one, that statistic will not change. "The Health Ministry has said all along that this is a public-health problem," says França. "It should be up to the woman to decide how many children to have."
YOKOTA AIR BASE, Japan — The Defense Department has confirmed the existence of a grave that Japanese townsfolk say contains the remains of a downed World War II Navy pilot.
Researchers from the Hawaii-based Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency visited the burial site at a temple in Saiki City on Japan's southern island of Kyushu earlier this month.
“There is a grave there but since we're an investigation team we don't exhume graves,” said agency research analyst Terry Hunter, who was collecting evidence in Tokyo last Friday about a separate World War II plane crash.
U.S. officials will work with the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare to potentially have the grave opened to see if it contains human remains, he said.
The agency does not release the names of missing personnel it's searching for; however, the lost aviator was the pilot of an F4U Corsair fighter-bomber launched from the aircraft carrier USS Intrepid in 1945, said Hunter, who is a former Air Force intelligence officer.
Parts of his plane, including its engine, a propeller and a wing, were dragged up by a fisherman in 2006, and the wreckage was returned to the Navy last year. It was at that time that locals told U.S. officials that a body, thought to be the pilot, had washed up on a beach after the plane went down and that the man had been buried at the temple, Hunter said.
The investigators also traveled to Niigata Prefecture to look for the missing pilot of an Army Air Corps P-38 Lightning reconnaissance plane that went down in the mountains during bad weather on a trip from Tokyo to Hokkaido just after the war ended in 1945, he said.
Team members made their way to the mountain village of Takane and spent two days hiking the backcountry with local guides. The group found parts of the aircraft but couldn't pinpoint the wreck or the crash site, Hunter said.
“The terrain is so mountainous and there are so many peaks and ravines that the parts are scattered around a wide area,” he said.
Over the years, pieces of the plane have been flowing down the mountain in streams, Hunter said.
“We know there is an aircraft up there but given the rough terrain and the expanse of the debris field we can't pinpoint the crash location,” he said.
Capt. Joshua Caragan, an executive officer at Pacific Air Forces and a Japanese linguist, hiked the mountain trails as a translator during the mission.
“The experience is great,” he said. “It teaches me a lot about bilateral relations and it's good to get out in the field.”
In Tokyo, the team sought information about an Army Air Corps B-29 Superfortress bomber that crashed during a March 10, 1945, raid on the city.
The plane crashed in an area known as Sunamachi, killing all 11 crew members. Their remains were recovered in 1947 and buried as unknowns in Manila, Hunter said.
Isao Arai, a Japanese national who has been investigating U.S. military aircraft crashes for three decades, said he would take the investigators to see an aircraft propeller stored at another temple near the crash site.
“I want to know if the propeller at the temple is the propeller from the aircraft,” he said.
The investigators are looking for photographs of the crash site and planned to visit the Center of the Tokyo Raids and War Damage – a museum that holds hundreds of photographs from the raids.
“This is for the families [of the fallen soldiers] to try to find them something that has to do with their loved ones,” Hunter said.
When the team returns to Hawaii they'll produce a report and information will be passed to relatives of the fallen and missing personnel through casualty officers, he said.
Stars and Stripes reporter Hana Kusumoto contributed to this report.
robson.seth@stripes.com
Twitter: @SethRobson1
What the developers have to say:
Why Early Access?
Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?
How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version?
Base building
Clans
Contracts
More modes and maps
Hardcore Mode
Training
What is the current state of the Early Access version?
Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access?
How are you planning on involving the Community in your development process?
“Our team has invested in a lot of effort into Hired Ops, aspiring to create a worthy sequel to the iconic Contract Wars. Early Access for us is, primarily, a way to test the game and reach its maximum reliability at the time of launch. At the same time, the key priorities for us have always been and will be the game balance and high-paced dynamics of gameplay.Throughout the history of our company, we used to listen to our players opinions, and for this reason, the decision to release the project in Early Access was made at the very start of the development.”“We plan to frequently update the game and closely listen to suggestions and ideas the players. The time frame of development completion will depend largely on what kind of changes will be introduced after receiving feedback from the gaming community. At the moment, the most realistic estimated release date is 1st Quarter of 2017.”“One of the main goals of the Early Access is to understand what additional game functionality players might be interested in and what remains to be done to create a truly amazing game. At the same time, we can announce the set of features that will be available in the release version, but not ready to be shown at the start of the Early Access:“The basic game mechanics and content are fully functional and ready. The game has a large arsenal of weapons and modifications for them, several game modes and an initial set of maps. As a result, Hired Ops Early Access version is basically a full-fledged game that could have been passed as a final release by the less self-critical developer.”“At the moment, we are not planning any changes in price after the end of Early Access.”“The Hired Ops will actively gather feedback and ideas from our community throughout the Early Access. For this purpose, we will use an in-game feedback system, along with communities, Steam groups and other social media. Particularly active players can be rallied to perform closed tests and other tasks within the development pipeline!”
1. Bananas Contain Many Nutrients and Few Calories
Bananas﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ are a nutrient-dense fruit. According to the Dietary Guidelines for Americans established by the federal government, people should get the majority of their nutrients from fresh foods ( 2 ). Bananas combine high levels of nutrients with very few calories. A medium-sized banana (about 7 inches long) contains only 105 calories. Yet the same medium-sized banana also contains the following nutrients ( 3 ): Vitamin B6 – .43 mg This is 33 percent of the recommended dietary allowance, or RDA, for adults ages 19 to 50 ( 4 ). Vitamin B6 is beneficial for metabolic and immune function. It also helps with a fetus' developing brain ( 5 ). Magnesium – 32 mg This is 8 percent of the RDA for adult women and 10 percent of the RDA for adult men. Many of the body's processes rely on magnesium. Magnesium helps control blood pressure, blood sugar, muscle function and the operation of the nervous system ( 6 ). Adequate magnesium intake can also help ward off anxiety ( 7 ). Vitamin C – 10.3 mg This is 11 to 13 percent of the RDA for adult men and women, respectively. Bananas provide 68 percent of the RDA for children ages 1 to 3. Vitami﻿﻿n C helps boost immunity, combat toxins in the body and create collagen, which is important for healing wounds ( 8 ). Potassium – 422 mg There is no RDA for potassium, but an intake of 4.7 grams per day is recommended for all adults. One banana accounts for about ten percent of this total. Research shows that people in North America do not consume enough potassium. Consuming 4.7 grams a day can help regulate blood pressure and prevent kidney stones. It can also reduce the risk of bone loss ( 9 ). Fiber – 3.1 g Bananas contain 8 to 12 percent of the RDA for fiber for men and women, respectively. Fiber helps regulate blood sugar levels, improve digestion and lower the risk of heart disease ( 10 ). Folate – 24 mcg A medium banana contains about 6 percent of the RDA for folate for adults. Folate is responsible for the division of cells and the creation of DNA and genetic materials ( 11 ). One medium banana also contains about 1 gram of protein and .39 grams of fat. It also only has 1 mg of sodium and no cholesterol. K EY POINT : High levels of vitamin B6, vitamin C, potassium, fiber, and other nutrients are found in bananas, and the fruit is low in calories, cholesterol, fat and sodium.
​2. Bananas May Improve the Health of the Digestive System
Thanks to high levels of dietary fiber, the fruit aids digestion by helping food move through your digestive system more smoothly ( 12 ). Resistant starch, one of the types of fiber in bananas, acts as food for beneficial bacteria in our guts. It also improves gut health by stimulating blood flow, fluid absorption and electrolyte uptake in the colon ( 13 ). The other primary type of fiber, pectin, possibly helps fight against colon cancer ( 14 ). Greener bananas contain more pectin than ripe bananas. K EY POINT : The fiber in bananas can improve digestion, feed bacteria in the intestines and fight colon cancer.
3. Bananas Regulate Blood Sugar
In addition to aiding digestion, resistant starch and pectin help regulate blood sugar levels after eating ( 15 ). Resistant starch moves through the digestive system without being absorbed. That means that it helps you feel full without adding calories. Carbohydrates account for 90% of a banana's calories. It's important to note that these carbs start mainly as starch (in a green banana) and turn into sugars as the banana ripens (in a yellow banana). Under-ripe bananas are lower on the glycemic index , a scale of the speed at which blood sugar levels are raised by certain foods, than ripe bananas ( 16 ). Green bananas rate at around 30 on the glycemic index. Yellow bananas rate at around 60 ( 17 ). Although some people believe that patients with diabetes should avoid bananas, research shows that underripe bananas are an acceptable snack ( 18 ). The resistant starch in bananas can improve the body's reaction to insulin, helping it to convert blood sugar to energy. This has been shown to help people with diabetes lose weight ( 19 ). K EY POINT : Bananas are low on the glycemic index. They can help your body use sugars for energy and help you feel full longer, possibly resulting in weight loss.
4. Bananas Are Good For Your Heart
The high level of potassium in bananas supports better heart health. Potassium lowers and regulates blood pressure. It also decreases the risk of heart disease by more than 25% ( 20 ). Increased potassium intake has also been linked to a 24% lower stroke risk ( 21 ). The DASH diet , a nutritional plan for people with high blood pressure, focuses on lowering the intake of sodium and increasing the intake of potassium. Studies show that the potassium boost is especially effective for lowering blood pressure ( 22 ). The magnesium found in bananas also supports a healthier heart. Research has found that people who are deficient in magnesium may be at a higher risk for chronic cardiovascular diseases ( 23 ). K EY POINT : The potassium and magnesium bananas contain benefit the health of the heart.
5. Bananas Fight Free Radicals
Bananas contain high levels of antioxidants. The most prevalent are dopamine and catechins ( 24 ). Toxins can damage molecules and atoms in the cells, causing them to lose an electron. These atoms and molecules become free radicals, attaching themselves to any other atoms or molecules in the body with an extra electron. This damages those particles to which they attach. Free radical damage can lead to premature aging and many degenerative diseases. Antioxidants fight free radicals, helping improve people's health, especially in individuals who are prone to cancer or other degenerative conditions ( 25 ). K EY POINT : Antioxidants in bananas help prevent damage from free radicals.
6. Bananas Fight Cancer
Antioxidants found in bananas also help fight against cancer. Catechins, one type of antioxidants in bananas, are especially effective at fighting cancerous cells. They've been shown to reduce tumor cell growth ( 26 ). Riper bananas have more of a substance called tumor necrosis factor, which fights abnormal cells. Yellow bananas with many dark spots are better than green bananas when it comes to fighting cancer ( 27 ). Bananas also tend to promote bile acid binding in the colon ( 28 ). This can help to remove toxic bile acids from the digestive system and possibly reduce the risk of colon cancer ( 29 ). Antioxidant administration is often used as a supplement to traditional cancer treatments ( 30 ). K EY POINT : Antioxidants in bananas can reduce tumor cell growth caused by cancer and reduce toxins that contribute to cancer.
7. Bananas Can Improve Insulin Sensitivity
Those struggling with insulin resistance might benefit from eating more bananas. Insulin resistance may also be referred to as metabolic syndrome. Insulin is a hormone that helps the body use the glucose that is created from the carbohydrates that you eat. Insulin helps the body use glucose for energy. In insulin-resistant individuals, the cells don't respond to insulin, so the glucose isn't used as effectively for energy and may be stored as fat ( 31 ). Insulin resistance is often considered a precursor to diabetes. Greener bananas have been shown to increase insulin sensitivity, the healthy reaction of cells to insulin. While the exact reason for this is not yet clearly understood, it boils down to the high levels of resistant starch found in the fruit ( 32 ). K EY POINT : Resistant starch in bananas can improve insulin sensitivity.
8. Bananas Promote Kidney Health
The average banana contains 420 milligrams of potassium. Potassium is vital for controlling kidney health. It helps regulate blood pressure and reduce the risk of kidney diseases. The consumption of bananas has been shown to decrease the risk of renal cell carcinoma, a type of cancer. Researchers found that women who ate just two to three bananas every seven days were about one-third less likely to develop kidney disease ( 33 ). People can lower their risk of kidney disease by up to 50% by eating a banana almost every day ( 34 35 ). People with diabetes may also experience kidney problems. One study found that eating a type of pasta made from green bananas helped prevent kidney damage in patients with type 1 diabetes ( 36 ). K EY POINT : The potassium in bananas promotes better kidney health, reducing the risk of related diseases.
9. Bananas Promote Bone Health
Magnesium is an essential nutrient for bone health. Bananas contain high levels of magnesium, translating into stronger and firmer bones. Magnesium has been found to increase bone mineral density ( 37 ). The chief way that it does this is by helping the body better absorb calcium. K EY POINT : The magnesium in bananas promotes better bone health.
10. Bananas Reduce Muscle Soreness
Yet another benefit of the potassium found in bananas is reduced muscle soreness. Potassium is an electrolyte. It carries an electric charge and can help regulate hydration and muscle function. When you sweat, you lose electrolytes, including potassium ( 38 ). The imbalance can result in muscle spasms and soreness ( 39 ). This is one of the main reasons why bananas are a great post-workout meal. They reduce soreness after exercise, promote speedier recovery, rehydrate the body, and replenish electrolytes ( 40 ). Eating a banana will also help reduce the soreness associated with a hangover ( 41 ). K EY POINT : Bananas reduce muscle soreness thanks to the potassium they contain.
11. Bananas Boost the Immune System
Bananas are loaded with essential vitamins, minerals, and other nutrients. Many of these nutrients, including iron, zinc, vitamin A, vitamin B6, vitamin C , selenium and protein, benefit the immune system. They ensure that the immune system is functioning properly. Ripe bananas especially boost white blood cells' ability to fight illness ( 42 ). K EY POINT : Bananas contain over a dozen nutrients that maintain normal immune system response.
12. Bananas Can Prevent Asthma
Though the reason isn't yet clear, initial studies have shown that bananas might help prevent asthma, especially in children. These studies show that children who eat one banana every day are 33% less likely to develop asthma than those that don't eat one banana every day ( 43 ). More research is needed before this is 100% proven. K EY POINT : Bananas might help prevent childhood development of asthma, although more research is required.
13. Bananas Can Aid in Weight Loss
Bananas are a great food for weight loss. They're low in calories, contain ample nutrients, and fill you up. Once again, it's resistant starch that comes into play, making you feel fuller and suppressing your appetite later on ( 44 ). Though no research has specifically linked bananas to weight loss, countless studies have shown that eating more fruits and vegetables is a viable way to lose weight ( 45 ). Other studies show that resistant starch is an appetite suppressant ( 46 ). K EY POINT : Bananas aid in weight loss because they're low in calories and make you feel fuller.
14. Bananas Provide a Boost of Energy
Bananas provide a quick boost of healthy energy thanks to the vitamins and nutrients they contain. A large banana also contains approximately 16 grams of sugar ( 47 ). Bananas contain tyrosine, an amino acid that helps encourage alertness and motivation. When you combine that with natural sugars and vitamin B6, which helps your body use oxygen, you get an energy boost from bananas ( 48 49 ). Bananas are a particularly powerful source of an energy boost during exercise ( 50 ). K EY POINT : The nutrients, including fructose, in bananas promote higher energy levels.
15. Bananas Can Improve Mood
Eating a banana can improve your mood and reduce stress. The combination of vitamins and nutrients they contain, including vitamin A, vitamin B6, vitamin C, fiber, potassium, and iron, all contribute to a better mood ( 51 ). The sugars that they contain provide a quick boost of energy while the fiber in bananas is a long-lasting energy source. Both improve memory, concentration, and overall mood ( 52 ). K EY POINT : The vast array of nutrients in bananas can improve the mood by reducing stress and boosting energy.
16. Bananas Are Easy to Eat
There's little denying that bananas are one of the easiest foods to add to your diet.
You can eat them by themselves or pair them with other nutritious foods.
Their thick skin protects them so that you don't need a separate container to bring a banana with you as a portable snack.
Bananas also make a delicious addition to blended drinks like smoothies and shakes as well as yogurt, cereal and oatmeal.
K EY POINT : Bananas are easy to incorporate into your diet.
Do Bananas Have Any Negative Effects?
Bananas have few, if any, negative health effects.
Perhaps the only one is that they might cause an allergic reaction in some people with latex allergies.
Studies show that between 25% and 50% of people with such allergies might have an allergic reaction to bananas and other fruits ( 53 ).
For those that are concerned with blood sugar levels such as diabetics or those on a low carb diet , green bananas would be a better option.
Bananas Are Extremely Nutritious
Bananas are one of the most nutritious foods on the planet.
They're easy to consume and are very affordable in most places.
There is little reason not to add this nutritious fruit to your diet to experience the wide range of banana health benefits.
Do you eat bananas as part of your diet or for health? Let me know below in the comments.
Leo Tat is an evidence-based nutrition blogger at AuthorityDiet.com where you can find nutritional articles backed by science journal citations. By having the evidence at hand behind the claims, you can come to an informed decision on what to eat and when to eat for optimal health.
Follow Leo on Facebook and Twitter for article updates.
Bananas are among the most commonly consumed fruits in the world.In the United States, people eat more fresh bananas than any other fruit, including apples and oranges, in the course of a year (1).The reason for their popularity boils down to their great taste, convenience as a snack and overall health benefits.Below are the top 15 benefits of bananas that are proven by scientific evidence.
Ange Postecoglou's Socceroos reign hinges on Syria second leg in Sydney
Updated
This is it for Ange Postecoglou.
Tonight marks an unfamiliar fork in the road for the Socceroos coach that, in many ways, will shape the legacy he leaves when he departs at the end of this World Cup cycle.
Get through tonight, and Australia's mission to qualify for a fourth straight showpiece continues next month, with Panama or Honduras the probable antagonists.
Fail, and the 52-year-old's tenure will be capped at 1,448 days.
Whichever path tonight's second leg against Syria takes, he insists his future is not at the forefront of his mind.
"There's always that possibility every game, that I could be gone," Postecoglou said.
"I don't think that way, mate. That kind of stuff doesn't really enter my thinking.
"I've coached my country now for 11 years … more than I have club football.
"I've never taken it for granted and I certainly don't think about myself in this situation, whether it's the first or last game.
"I've been pretty big on preaching to the players to treat every one like it is your last and that way you appreciate every one of them.
"If Tuesday is it for me then I won't go into it with any different feeling than I have any other game.
"[But] I don't take it for granted that I'm coaching my country … every time we play it's a great honour, and when you play at home there's always a buzz."
Much has been achieved since Postecoglou's appointment on October 23, 2013.
After ushering out the veteran generation he inherited, the dual A-League title-winning mentor set about leading Australia to its historic 2015 Asian Cup triumph, an even grander feat given the national team's world number 97 ranking when the tournament kicked off.
But the honeymoon is long forgotten, and how smoothly the divorce proceedings pan out depends very much on whether the Australian public have a reason to turn on their TVs during the early hours next June.
Postecoglou has drawn stinging criticism for the Socceroos' current state of flux, his admirable — and equally stubborn — refusal to deviate from his expansive philosophy a key source of provocation.
Fuelling angst is the timing of, and inconsistencies since, installing his back-three formation in Tehran this March, a move that may have cost Australia direct qualification.
Yet pragmatism has never been Postecoglou's bag, and should his unapologetic vision steer the Socceroos to a strong Russia 2018 campaign with post-golden generation personnel, he may be saluted as one of the team's best-ever coaches.
By Postecoglou's own admission, failure to qualify from the group last month was far from ideal.
If there's a silver lining, it's the battle-hardening nature of home-and-away play-offs.
"It's not a bad alternative [in the sense that] if we didn't have these games we'd just be having friendly games, and it would have been hard for us to get any major games," he said.
"We'll still get enormous games in this scenario out of the next three games.
"For this group of players, if they come through this then belief just grows … and that will hold us in good stead going forward."
AAP
Topics: socceroos, soccer-world-cup, soccer, sport, sydney-2000, nsw, australia
First posted
SALT LAKE CITY — Governor Gary Herbert's office tells FOX 13 he is not planning to call for implementation of a statewide ban on fireworks.
That's despite numerous fires over the July Fourth holiday that have been attributed to fireworks. The fires have prompted many to ask for an all-out ban.
A spokeswoman for the governor's office reiterated what Herbert said last month: that he'll leave it up to local officials to make decisions about fire and fireworks restrictions, as opposed to an statewide ban.
State statute does not give the governor the authority to issue a fireworks ban. That authority falls on local officials.
Fires and fireworks are already prohibited on many state lands, the governor's office said, but the authority to ban it in cities rests with municipalities.
The governor did film a public service announcement last week urging people to be careful with fireworks.
Watch it here:
If you reside on the political right, you've probably experienced the subtle condescension that occasionally erupts from a “sophisticated” sort who realizes you're not on their side of the aisle. The left, in the eyes of many, is the correct and educated political alliance to choose: They have “nuance,” you see, and “worldliness,” and “science.”
We poor saps, at least as viewed from inside these particular heads, are stuck mooing about in our rock-filled, wire-fenced dirt pastures, drifting in and out of various spittin', shootin' and taxidermin' contests, with only Hobby Lobby, Chick-fil-A, and Kim Davis to keep us company.
“Wow,” you might be thinking. “Chick-fil-A? That's delicious!” Fair enough. Regardless, on Monday, it was fascinating to watch President Obama address the United Nations General Assembly—the apogee of global political sophistication, really, if you don't look too closely at certain members of their Human Rights Council.
“I stand before you today,” Obama said, “believing in my core that we, the nations of the world, cannot return to the old ways of conflict and coercion. We cannot look backwards. We live in an integrated world—one in which we all have a stake in each other's success.”
Now there was some forward, ahead-of-the-curve thinking, at least until two days later, when a Russian three-star general reportedly marched into the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad and announced that America should steer clear of the Syrian airspace, stat. Russian bombing, you see, would begin within the hour. Surprise!
Well, at least Obama was halfway accurate: We now apparently have a stake in Russia's success, whether we like it or not. This would be somewhat hilarious if it weren't so deadly, or so indicative of a key strategic region quickly spiraling out of control. As Syria continues to melt down, Obama's broad, multilayered foreign policy prescriptions, as broadcast to the U.N., seem a little, well, vague: “We must go forward in pursuit of our ideals, not abandon them at this critical time. We must give expression to our best hopes, not our deepest fears.”
The rise of strongmen, the seizing of territory, and the manipulation of natural resources are the way of the past, Obama told the members of the United Nations. Meanwhile, Vladimir Putin, a man to whom CBS News once dedicated a slide show titled “Vladimir Putin Does Manly Things”—judo matches! Bear wrangling! Riding horses bare-chested! Clutching giant guns! Installing GPS devices on half-sedated tigers! Giving dirty looks to strange Russian birds while strapped into strange Russian flying contraptions!—apparently did not get the memo.
Meanwhile, “chanting ‘Death to America' does not create jobs,” Obama continued, apparently unaware that no one who spends their time chanting “Death to America,” painting intricate murals of a skull-faced, razor-clawed Lady Liberty, or enthusiastically burning effigies actually cares about working their way up the career ladder. Now that I think about it, you know what else doesn't create jobs? Bombing Syria! Quick, somebody tells Vladimir Putin. What on Earth is he thinking?
My best guess, if we could glimpse into the grizzly-strewn wilds of Putin's mind, is that we'd see several variations on the catchphrase of the legendary American professional wrestler Ric Flair, each repeatedly cold-cocking opponents in a desperate fight for supremacy: “To be the man, you gotta beat the man. Woo!” This, to be sure, is not sophisticated. Unfortunately, when you venture out into the world's rougher neighborhoods, Mr. Flair's maxim often matches reality.
The problem with mass-market, eternal-progress “sophistication,” meanwhile, is that it's often just dressed-up naiveté. In 1992, Francis Fukuyama released “The End of History and the Last Man,” a provocative and oft-discussed book.
“What we may be witnessing is not just the end of the Cold War or the passing of a particular period of post-war history,” Fukuyama wrote, “but the end of history as such: that is, the end point of mankind's ideological evolution and the universalization of Western liberal democracy as the final form of human government.”
In international relations classes across the U.S., Fukuyama was often paired with Samuel Huntington, his former teacher. Huntington's book, the marvelously crotchety “The Clash of Civilizations and the Remaking of World Order,” argued that global conflict would continue, but primarily along cultural lines. Huntington's book served as a powerful counterpoint, but throughout the 1990s, at least in pop foreign policy circles, it was Fukuyama's world. Incredibly, despite the recent saber-rattling surges of Putin, China, and ISIS, much of our leadership still resides there today.
No one can claim easy solutions to the Syrian debacle. But it's helpful to remember one particular 2012 presidential debate, when Obama mocked Mitt Romney for calling Russia our nation's number one geopolitical threat. “The 1980s are now calling,” he said dismissively, “to ask for their foreign policy back.”
Amazingly, here we are, with Russia poised to steamroll the Middle East, while our president spouts Fukuyama-inspired platitudes before the U.N. Mr. President, don't look now, but the 1990s are calling. They want their copy of “The End of History and the Last Man” back. There are some corrections to be made.
What Republican Congressman Cory Gardner hopes to do for offshore oil and gas drilling in Alaska, his fellow Colorado GOP House member Mike Coffman is looking to do for onshore drilling on federal lands across the country — strip away perceived environmental regulatory hurdles.
Coffman dropped his Facilitating American Security Through Energy Resources Act (FASTER) bill on Monday and immediately got blowback from environmental watchdog groups.
Besides borrowing its acronym from a famously controversial piece of transportation legislation in Colorado, FASTER ( H.R. 2375 ) “would require the U.S. Department of the Interior to accelerate and streamline the approval process for onshore oil and gas production permits on federal lands to produce for [sic] domestic oil and gas,” according to a release.
“Instead of depleting our emergency reserves, the Obama Administration should stop standing in the way of allowing Americans to develop our own energy resources,” Coffman said, referring to President Barack Obama's recent decision to tap into the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help ease gas prices this summer.
“Rep. Coffman's bill has no basis in reality,” said Matt Garrington, deputy director of the Denver-based Checks and Balances Project. “In fact, half the bill just regurgitates Big Oil's rhetoric. In the last two years, under the leadership of [Interior] Secretary [Ken] Salazar, the U.S. Bureau of Land Management has processed more permits for drilling applications than they've received. In fact, the oil and gas industry is sitting on over 7,000 permits where they have a green light to drill.”
Similar to a Senate bill introduced by Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., Coffman's FASTER bill alleges the Interior Department has been erecting regulatory hurdles to slow oil and gas production on federal lands. Salazar, a former Colorado senator, has produced analysis showing the oil and gas industry in sitting on massive leases that have been approved but not developed.
“Officials in the Obama administration may deny that they are restricting access to energy resources on federal lands out West but that just isn't true,” Coffman said. “We are sitting on enough of our own energy resources that we could lower energy cost, stimulate the economy, and promote energy independence for the United States, if the government only allowed us to produce them.”
FASTER would compel the Interior Department to identify 200 onshore leases a year with the highest oil and gas production potential and move them through the permitting process within 180 days. Coffman says it can take up to two years for the feds to process a permit application, but the Interior Department counters that the average waiting time is only 206 days.
“The Coffman bill is yet another attempt to use high gas prices for political advantage and deliver more taxpayer-funded handouts to the oil and gas industry,” Garrington said. “The high price at the pump has actually led to a new drilling boom, and U.S. drilling activity is back to pre-recession levels, whether or not Rep. Coffman wants to acknowledge that fact.”
Garrington points to a recent study by Headwaters Economics showing drilling activity nationwide reached a 20-year high in May. The Interior Department reports onshore drilling permits will jump by 40 percent in 2011 compared to 2010.
The industry trade associations Western Energy Alliance and Colorado Oil and Gas Association both support Coffman's bill.
“[COGA] appreciates the focus on improving and expediting leases, which can provide an affordable, abundant, reliable, and secure source of energy,” COGA President and CEO Tisha Schuller said in a release.
The New York City Marathon is the biggest amateur race of its kind and an attractive for pro athletes as well. After first held in 1970 with 127 runners, nowadays over 50,000 athletes from around the globe finish this extraordinary event. The large amount of finishers also makes this race great for some data analytics.
After first doing this kind of analysis with the results of the Chicago Marathon 2016 I continue this type of work with the biggest marathon there is. For that purpose I extracted the entire results for all finishers of this years New York City Marathon. I saved the data in a structured matter into a database that makes it easy to query and calculate some statistics out of it.
General Insights
Some of the general insights I've collected are shown in the infographic below:
Runner Demographics
As seen in many other races the amount of women is increasing year over year. In the New York Marathon women made up for less than 20% of the finishers until the early 90s. This years edition featured the highest amount of women finishers in the event with almost 42%. However it's still lower than the 46% in this years Chicago Marathon.
The vast majority of the runners is between 25 and 64 years old. Only 3.5% is under 25 and not even two out of hundred is 65 or older. Despite the fact that a lot of fast marathoners are older than 30, I'm surprised that not more young amateur athletes take the challenge of running the 26.2-mile journey in this beautiful city. Also in the New York Marathon female runners are a few years younger in average with 39 years compared to 42.3 years of male runners.
Country Performance
It's not very surprising that Ethiopia and Kenya had the fastest runners this year. Both countries are known for their prime endurance running athletes, winning races all over the world. More surprising to me is the great average performance by the 57 Slovenian athletes. They ended up just behind the two African countries in third place after being even one rank higher in the Chicago Marathon this year. I honestly don't know why Slovenia has such fast runners. Maybe it's just a coincidence that they managed to deliver great team efforts in the Chicago and New York Marathons in 2016. It looks like running has become a big deal in Slovenia in recent years. According to a comment on Reddit, 1% of the population runs a 10k or more. Also most runners seem to be men which has an impact on the average finish time.
The fastest country from Asia is Israel in 28th place if we don't count Hong Kong and Macau that are actually a part of China. In 22nd place out of the 89 countries that had at least five runners was the first South American country, Columbia. US runners averaged a finish time of 4:43:49 and ranked in the last third of the country list. Bottom-placed were the 26 athletes from Thailand with an average time of 5:38:29.
Miscellaneous
The fact that the amount of US runners is much lower compared to the Chicago Marathon doesn't surprise me much. The New York Marathon is not only the largest of its kind but also the one that everybody knows and lots of runners from around the world dream of finish it once in their running life.
I was already surprised when looking at the Chicago Marathon results that only a small percentage of runners run the second half faster than the first 13.1 miles. This was even more the case in the New York race: Only about one of 20 runners was able to speed up in the second half. As a marathoner myself I know how tough the second half can be but I also know that when I start out on an easy pace the second half is much less suffering compared to heading out too fast. I've never run the New York Marathon but the second half seems to be much tougher than the first with several bridges that are basically just hills.
What do you think?
In general the New York Marathon seems to be slower than the event in Chicago. Also only 26% ran the marathon in less than four hours compared to almost 31% in Chicago.
Download my FREE eBook and be a better runner right away! Leave this field empty if you're human:
Age Group Data
I again had a closer look into the age groups of both men and women. The distribution of men athletes on the different age groups shows a smooth Gaussian like curve that peaks in the 40-44 group. The age group distribution curve for women is quite a bit different and shows lots or runners in the age groups between 25-44. The oldest runner this year was Bertha McGruder from New York. She finished the race in 7:30:15 and is 88 years of age! Respect for that Bertha!
Often the age group 35-39 is the fastest in marathons. In this years New York Marathon the fast athletes were a bit younger. The fastest age group for men was 25-29 and for women 20-24. In the men's race the average finish time in the three age groups for runners aged 20 to 39 is within only 2.5 seconds. In contrast to the Chicago Marathon in all age groups men were faster than women. But also in the New York Marathon fast women tend to be younger compared to the men finish time.
Pace Development
A slowdown in the last section of marathons is quite normal. As stated before only 5.6% of the runners were faster in the second half. But the difference between the pace in the first sections compared to the last miles when it's getting tough isn't as big as in the Chicago Marathon. Also the winner Ghirmay Ghebreslassie was a few seconds slower in the last two 5k segments. I guess this is mostly due to the small elevation changes towards the end of the race. Another explanation might be that he is still very young with his 21 years and not as experienced as most other pro athletes. He is the youngest winner of the New York Marathon ever.
Performance By States
For all runners from the United States I've calculated the average finish time for each state with more than 100 runners. The fastest state was Wisconsin with 4:17:25 the slowest and only one with an average finish time of more than five hours were the 921 runners from Florida. I'm not sure what we can read out of this data but it seems that states from the south of the country tend to be a bit slower. Maybe this is due to the different climate when training compared to New York in early November.
So that's it for my data analysis of this years New York Marathon. Since the running season in the northern hemisphere is pretty much over now as far as bigger events, I will go back and work on some data from past races. I'm interested in the Boston Marathon and the Olympic Marathon from this year. These are definitely the most competitive races and I hope to learn something from the results of pro athletes or ambitious amateurs.
What analytics from which races are you interested in? Let us know in the comments section!
Happy running
mikula
Six Nations 2017 Fixtures Guide
The 2017 Six Nations Championship was won by England, but they missed out on a second successive Grand Slam after losing to Ireland in Dublin on the final day of the Championship.
Team W Won D Drawn L Lost F For A Against D Difference T Tries Pts Points 1st England 4 0 1 146 81 65 16 19 2nd Ireland 3 0 2 126 77 49 14 14 3rd France 3 0 2 107 90 17 8 14 4th Scotland 3 0 2 122 118 4 14 14 5th Wales 2 0 3 102 86 16 8 10 6th Italy 0 0 5 50 201 -151 6 0
Six Nations 2017 Fixtures & Results
Click on the links below to view further details about each match.
President Obama's nominee to be ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, is a late convert to the pro-Israel cause, but today she promised to fiercely advocate for the Jewish state, including fighting to help Israel obtain a nonpermanent seat on the U.N. Security Council.
Power, a close confidante of President Barack Obama and a former top White House official, received a warm welcome today at her confirmation hearing to replace Susan Rice as the U.S. permanent representative to the U.N. But senators pressed Power on her previous statements that caused a rift between her and elements of the pro-Israel community. Her answers showed that she has come around to the view that America's role at the U.N. is to staunchly defend its top Middle East ally and to oppose Palestinian efforts to seek greater international recognition.
“The United States has no greater friend in the world than the state of Israel,” Power told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Wednesday. “We share security interests, we share core values, and we have a special relationship with Israel.”
She criticized the U.N. General Assembly and the U.N. Human Rights Council for repeatedly passing resolutions criticizing Israel and delegitimizing the Jewish state.
“And just as I have done as President Obama's U.N. adviser at the White House, I will stand up for Israel and work tirelessly to defend it,” she said.
Chairman Robert Menendez (D-NJ) asked Power directly if she would work to support Israel's bid for a seat on the U.N. Security Council, which contains five permanent members and 10 rotating seats assigned by region. Israel, which has never sat on the Security Council, wants to be admitted as a representative of the Western European group of countries, due to its poor relations with its Middle Eastern neighbors.
“Absolutely, sir,” Power responded. “The Security Council seat is one that has eluded Israel, despite its many contributions across the years, and I commit to you wholeheartedly to go on offense, as well as playing defense on the legitimation of Israel, and we'll make every effort to secure greater integration of Israeli public servants in the U.N. system.”
She also promised to vigorously oppose any and all efforts by the Palestinian Authority to seek greater recognition in U.N. bodies, something the Palestinian leadership has pledged to continue doing.
“We need to deter the Palestinians in any way we can—and we need to get their attention,” Power said.
Power's answers were sure to quell concerns on Capitol Hill and in the pro-Israel community about some of her previous statements and writings regarding Israel. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) brought up Power's comments in 2002, when she advocated for the U.S. to invest in a “mammoth protection force” to create a “meaningful military presence” in Israel.
“It may mean sacrificing—or investing I think more than sacrificing—literally billions of dollars, not in servicing Israel's military but actually investing in the new state of Palestine,” Power said.
She also said she saw “major human rights abuses” in Israel and acknowledged that a U.S. policy shift away from support of Israel might require angering the pro-Israel lobby.
“Putting something on the line might mean alienating a domestic constituency of tremendous political and financial import,” Power said.
At Wednesday's hearing, Power disassociated herself from those remarks and said she opposed unilateral actions to move to Palestinian statehood absent a negotiated agreement between the two parties.
“I gave a long, rambling, and very remarkably incoherent response to a hypothetical question that I should never have answered,” she said.
Power's conversion to the pro-Israel cause has been a long time in the making. In 2011, she aggressively sought out a leading critic of her Israel remarks, Rabbi Shmuley Boteach, who has been associated with celebrities including Michael Jackson and Newark Mayor Cory Booker.
After Boteach, who was a Republican candidate for Congress from New Jersey in 2012, wrote a critical essay about Power in the Huffington Post, Power invited Boteach to the White House to discuss her comments and express regrets, according to Foreign Policy magazine.
Boteach then led an effort to build support in the Jewish community for Power, for example by setting up a meeting between her and 40 community leaders. The effort worked, and by the time Power testified Wednesday, she had received endorsements from prominent Jewish leaders including Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren and former senator Joseph Lieberman.
Power is expected to be easily confirmed by the Senate.
"If Ambassador Michael Oren and Joe Lieberman endorse her, that means those who express any reservations are outside the mainstream,” Menachem Rosensaft, the general counsel for the World Jewish Congress, told Foreign Policy.
Riot police have used water cannon and tear gas to disperse the thousands-strong crowd of protesters surrounding the Supreme Electoral Council in Ankara. The people demanded a recount of local election results, in which the ruling AKP party narrowly won.
Days after Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan's Justice and Development Party (AKP) claimed victory in a very close race in the capital of Ankara, thousands of opposition supporters took to the streets to protest alleged fraud at the polls.
16:06 | ANKARA YSK önünde biber gazı atılıyor, TOMA su sıkıyor, 100 kadar çevik de geldi. Polise tepki yağıyor. pic.twitter.com/ABSFkI9kqX — Direniş Haberleri ☪ (@Direnecek35) April 1, 2014
They've opened the road for now. That was crazy. They negotiated then just started the water cannon then teargas #Ankara — Sara Firth (@SaraFirth_RT) April 1, 2014
The crowd joined volunteers who earlier took to the Supreme Election Board (YSK) to claim their ballots. The volunteer teams, who collected copies of ballot box recordings, have pointed to noteworthy differences between the figures provided in records of the ballot boxes and the figures recorded by the YSK, according to Hurriyet Daily News.
"Thieves!" “Ankara, claim your votes,” “Rightists and leftists are brothers, Melih Gokcek is a tyrant,” the protesters chanted in front of the election board building. Gokcek is an AKP candidate.
Protesters, which included leftist supporters of CHP's party candidate for Ankara Mansur Yavas, formerly of Nationalist Movement Party, also shouted nationalist slogans.
Live footage from the scene then showed police, that has been dispatched to the YSK building, using water cannon to disperse the crowd. RT's reporter in Ankara Sara Firth also tweeted that tear gas was unleashed.
According to Firth, the Tuesday protest in Ankara had been “completely peaceful before police action.” Water cannon and tear gas were deployed after negotiations with the people, in which the protesters were asked to clear the streets to make room for traffic, but not leave the area altogether.
The Election Board's officials said that the protesters were creating unnecessary tension.
“If there are mistakes, they will be corrected by the district election boards,” YSK Chair Sadi Güven told reporters on Tuesday, adding that there was no need for “uneasiness.”
The opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), which lost with a slight 0.91 percent difference in votes in Ankara and gathered a total of 43.76 percent, contested the official results and filed for a recount of several ballot boxes on Tuesday. The party is led by socialist democrat Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu.
Polis, YSK önünde bekleyen halka saldırdı. Canlı yayın http://t.co/trmDZvddRXpic.twitter.com/ySMxQolLwS — Pınar Ongun (@pnarongun) April 1, 2014
Following overall victory in local elections nationwide, Erdoğan promised his supporters that his opponents will “pay the price” at a Sunday rally.
“There won't be a state within a state. We will root them out,” Erdoğan threatened.
The emotional rhetoric followed several pre-election scandals, including one of major graft, to which Erdoğan's government was allegedly linked, and an audio leak of the government's alleged plan of intervention in Syria under false pretenses. The latter was used by Erdoğan to advocate the ban of YouTube.
Internet giant, Google, claimed on Saturday that all its services, not just YouTube, are being effectively blocked in Turkey.
The March-30 municipal elections in Turkey created tension in several contested regions of the country, leaving eight people killed and dozens more injured in clashes between supporters of rivaling parties. According to the official results, mayoral candidates from AKP managed to secure victory in 49 cities and provinces, while opposition parties and one independent candidate gained 32 posts in total.
While AKP won in most of Turkey's central regions by a landslide, it faced a strong CHP contest in the key cities of Istanbul and Ankara, lost to nationalist MHP party in eight regions across the country and the Kurdish BDP party in ten eastern regions. AKP has, however, appealed the result of at least one local vote in the southern metropolis of Adana, where the MHP candidate outdid his AKP rival by slightly more than 15,000 votes.
Moscow has said “no” to Saudi Arabia's alleged proposal of a rich arms deal and protection of Russia's gas interests in the Middle East in exchange for abandoning Syrian President Bashar Assad, according to Arab and European diplomats.
The proposal of $15 billion in weapons contracts was allegedly made during the July 31 meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and influential intelligence chief Prince Bandar bin Sultan, Reuters reported.
Neither Moscow nor Riyadh has officially commented on the agenda of the talks, but a Thursday AFP report revealed new details of the negotiations.
According to an undisclosed European diplomat, Prince Bandar proposed the deal and told Putin that "whatever regime comes after" Assad will be "completely" in Riyadh's hands. The Prince reportedly stated that if the deal was accepted, Saudi Arabia would not sign any contracts damaging Russian interests by allowing Gulf countries to transport its gas across Syria to Europe.
The terms included Moscow dropping its support of President Bashar Assad, as well as not opposing any future Security Council resolutions on Syria.
"President Putin listened politely to his interlocutor and let him know that his country would not change its strategy," a separate Arab diplomat told AFP.
Bandar bin Sultan then told Russian officials that the only option left in Syria is a military one – and that they should forget about the Geneva-2 international peace conference because the opposition would not attend, the source said. Efforts to bring about the conference – which has been put forth by the US and Moscow – have so far been fruitless, mainly because of the absence of unity within the opposition ranks.
Russia and Saudi Arabia - which traditionally buys its military hardware from the US – have had a massive arms contract frozen since 2008. Back then, the sides agreed that Moscow would supply a huge assortment of equipment, including 150 T-90 tanks and more than 150 attack helicopters, to the Gulf state.
According to sources within Russian arms exporters, the status of the deal has not changed following the talks. The insider added that Russia has not received any offers to purchase weapons from Saudi Arabia.
"We know nothing about such intentions of the Saudi side," a senior source in military-technical cooperation told RIA Novosti news agency.
Some Russian experts say Saudi Arabia acted as a US proxy in the alleged proposal, as it has been doing for the past two years of the Syrian conflict.
“Any direct involvement in the region by either the US or any former European colonial powers is perceived as an affront. But with the given arrangement, any initiatives by the influential, authoritarian regional superpower (and Saudi Arabia is undoubtedly that) are taken for granted,” political analyst Igor Khokhlov told RT.
“The situation is nothing new,” he added. “Gulbuddin Hekmatyar's Afghan mujahideen in the 1980s were being sponsored by the USA and Saudi Arabia in equal shares. But the Saudi role allowed the US to present the conflict as a war of liberation – not as a clash of two superpowers in the farthest reaches of the world.”
Others believe the media reports of a Saudi offer is nothing more than a hoax aimed at highlighting Russia's stance on Syria in a negative way, adding that such a method is no way to “conduct diplomacy.”
“Clearly, this is stove-piping,” director of the Institute of Oriental Studies, Vitaly Naumkin, told Interfax news agency. “Its purpose is either to influence the position of the Syrian authorities or, more likely, to discredit Russia. To sow doubt on the fact that Moscow has a serious and reasoned position on Syria, and to create the impression that Russia may change its point of view in exchange for Saudi promises.”
Naumkin reminded that similar attempts were made previously. There were reports in 2009 of that Barack Obama told then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev that Washington would change its position on Iran if Moscow ended the halting of a US missile shield program in Eastern Europe.
The meeting between Putin and Bandar came amid tension between the two states over the conflict in Syria, with Russia accusing the Saudis of "financing and arming terrorists and extremist groups" fighting against Assad.
All photos courtesy of "Brown Girls"
According to a 2016 study, only a third of TV speaking roles are played by non-white actors and only a quarter go to women. Queer characters are practically non-existent and show up less than 2 percent of the time. Basically, media is hyper-saturated with stories about straight white people doing straight white things. It's rare to find an outlet or story that puts people of color—let alone queer women of color—front and center. Shows like Insecure and Jane the Virgin began to reclaim the spotlight, but for those without TVs, let alone an HBO subscription, these stories can still remain out of reach. Brown Girls, a new webseries from writer Fatimah Asghar and filmmaker Sam Q. Bailey, is about to be the beacon of accessibility and hope we've been waiting for.
The show follows two women: Leila, a young South Asian woman played by Nabila Hossain, who is exploring her queerness for the first time, and her best friend Patricia (Sonia Denis), a black musician working through her commitment issues. They lean hard on each other as they explore their 20-something lives in Chicago. And while the series has already been compared to Broad City and Girls, presumably for its female-driven comedy, Asghar says it's not a response to the two more mainstream comedies. It's something else entirely.
Read more: Far from Reality TV: The Changing Story of Abortion on Television
BROADLY: How did the series get started? Where did the idea for it come from?
Fatimah Asghar: I had the idea for the series in the fall of 2015. I was just thinking about my relationships and my friendships, especially my best friend Jamila Woods. You know how you're with your friends and you can like to sit down and watch a TV show together and be like, "That's you! And that's me! And that's our show!" Just feeling like we didn't always get to see that because the way that women of color are portrayed in the media, you don't often see two women of color from two racial backgrounds being friends. You are usually seeing them in competition with each other, either for like a love interest or for their career. I wanted to create a show that highlighted the texture of our friendship. [The series] is in some ways like a love letter to the different artistic and queer communities of color that I found my voice in [in Chicago].
Sam Q. Bailey: [Asghar] invited me to the reading and like three pages in, or maybe not even that much, I remember writing down a note to someone sitting next to me, "I have to direct this." Sometimes you hear stuff or see things that you wish you wrote. I was like "Oh man, this speaks so clearly to my core and my soul."
Leila (Nabila Hossain) in "Brown Girls."
What was the most exciting part about production?
Bailey: I love being on set. I run my sets a little different, it's definitely a little more "hippy-dippy," which I'm OK with! There are like crystals on the craft foods table; everyone is very loving to each other. Being able to work as hard as we did but also laugh and have fun and appreciate each other. It was a crew of people who really reflected the stories they were telling—like our DP was a dope queer woman, her girlfriend was the set designer, black men were doing sound. It was such a beautifully mixed and textured crew, which I've been lucky to curate for myself.
Asghar: I was teaching a program this summer with teens, teens who were poets and artists. One of my favorite days was when we brought them on to set. We had like 15 teenagers there. It was a really beautiful day to have them all there feeling really welcome and feeling like they could talk to people.
I'm writing or directing roles that I wanted to play or that I wanted to read or be a part of.
Tell me about your audience. Who are you making the series for? Who do you want to see it? People always say that they write for people like them, but when you belong to a marginalized group, there's this pressure to not alienate anyone.
Bailey: I'm writing and directing for me. I'm writing or directing roles that I wanted to play or that I wanted to read or be a part of. In that, it does represent a lot of people, a lot of young women of color who are artists. I think it resonates with people that we're telling our own stories and being really specific, when we are that detailed and personal in our work. It reaches a bigger audience. So yes, there has been an outpouring of support from people of color but I've also seen like white dudes who like the filmmaking of it. Or who are talking about it. And that's exciting.
For More Stories Like This, Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Asghar: Yeah, I think that's right: using the personal to get to the universal. I often feel like the more specific a story is, the more universal it feels. Because it feels real. It feels authentic. When I write things, I'm often like, "What would my younger self have needed to see? What would have saved me at this point in my life?" And often I think I try to make art that speaks to that void. So I write for people like me. But that doesn't mean like me racially, but just like they felt like I do or did at that point in my life. In a real way, I intended for my art communities in Chicago to see this. I wanted to do them justice and feel like this is real.
Patricia (Sonia Denis)
I'm really curious about the choice of a webseries format. What went into deciding that would be the medium? It feels like webseries were really a thing five or six years ago, so it's interesting to see that they still exist but with higher production value. It's very different now.
Asghar: A webseries gave us the freedom of control and distribution. We really wanted to make sure we were getting it out to people we really cared about for free. Just being able to shoot a webseries and not have to go through the big, long process of trying to get it picked up and be in all these meetings, was great. I also think the form of a webseries is great. I love being able to watch a ten-minute episode between doing work and not feel guilty for watching a whole half hour or hour.
I wanted to create something that was joyous and celebratory of people of color and how the joys of being from these communities and not just the tragic parts of it. I was asking myself, "Could I write a world where I gave every single character a happy ending?" I think in a webseries I can—I can give them messiness, I can give them struggle, I can give them real things. And I can also give them joy and love and happiness. With a webseries there isn't that network need for drama or heartbreak in the same kind of way. That's super freeing. And it's really important that people get to see themselves not as tragic characters, especially when they're queer people of color. That they get to be shown as happy.
I feel like our communities on the internet are stronger than ever. We're combating it through humor and calling it out.
Bailey: A webseries has always been a way for me to see myself in media in way that hasn't always been possible. I've always been a fan of work on the internet because it levels the playing field. For me, as a black girl in filmmaking, a webseries is my way into learning so much about the filmmaking process. We could shoot it and still get the chance to figure it out, but we can still bring the same level of love and attention that an indie film has.
A lot of queer artists and artists of color make art that almost entirely exists online. They're prolific and creating beautiful stuff on the internet. It's such a critical space. But at the same time, it's like battleground for cruel comments and trolling and hate-mongering. Do you think queer artists of color can save the internet?
Bailey: The internet, like I said, levels the playing field a lot for a lot of people. A lot of queer people and queer people of color who don't have access to a lot of [filmmaking] equipment all of a sudden are allowed to make those stories and put it on the internet because you can film a movie on your phone. It's interesting to me when we get trolls and really horrible people on the internet who are trying to take that space because they feel like their privileges are being taken away. But I feel like our communities on the internet are stronger than ever. We're combating it through humor and calling it out. So do I think we're going to save the internet? Yeah. Fuck, I hope so. Fati, what do you think?
Read more: A Comprehensive Guide to British Reality TV
Asghar: I mean I really hope so. The internet can be so many things. It's literally everywhere. I've seen the internet be terrible. Like, I've gotten trolls in all my feeds. I've gotten dragged by bigoted people, especially for being queer and Muslim. Oh my god! The amount of people who have come at me and said the most awful things to me! It can be a harmful place, especially if it's where you put all your energy. But it can also be a really amazing place of connection. For a lot of queer artists of color, it is that. And that can really create a saving of the internet.
Brown Girls comes out February 15, and episodes will be available on the show's website and at Open TV.
Why does WhatsApp have 900 million users worldwide? It's cheap. Before the instant messaging app burst onto the scene in 2009, phone companies charged a pretty penny for text messages. WhatsApp is free the first year and costs $0.99 per year afterward.
But what if you could use an instant messaging service that was not only free but paid you, the user? What if, in the course of using the app, you actually earned pocket money for activities like inviting new users and watching ads? Not only that, but what it allowed you to send money, in the form of bitcoin, to any other user instantly for free?
Sound fishy?
Get The Start-Up Israel's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Daniel Peled, the 29-year-old CEO and founder of GetGems, said his goal was to create a social messaging app that lets users earn the lion's share of the advertising revenue and also one that doesn't invade users' privacy by harvesting their personal data. Earlier this year, Peled's startup earned the title of “most visionary social media solution” at the Citi Mobile Challenge for Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), a competition for startups in the financial technology (fintech) sector. GetGems was one of more than 750 applicants from 101 countries.
Citi described the app as “truly inspiring” and “a solution that could transform financial services and fuel progress in other industries like transportation and education.”
But if you ask Peled about his primary purpose for GetGems, he says it is to get as many people as possible to embrace his passion, Bitcoin, a tool that allows people to take control of their money away from concentrated power and big banks like Citi.
The problem with Bitcoin
“A lot of people have heard of Bitcoin,” Peled tells The Times of Israel. “The beauty of it is that it allows you to transfer value anywhere in the world instantly in a decentralized. way. But only about 3-4 million users have a wallet that holds bitcoin.”
In fact, the average bitcoin user is a tech-savvy male aged 25-34.
“The problem is the technology is not very intuitive. If I were going to send someone their first bitcoin, it would take me 20-30 minutes to explain it to a tech person sitting next to me. To explain it to my parents or brother, it would take over an hour.”
What GetGems does is dumb down the process, by making money transfers part of a WhatsApp-like messaging app that also contains a secure bitcoin wallet.
“Everyone knows how to use messaging apps like Facebook, Messenger and SnapChat. You don't need to know the other person's public address your or own private bitcoin key. All you need is their user name.”
But there's a second problem. Where do you get the bitcoin?
Peled realized that most people are wary of entering their credit card information to buy bitcoin that they can then transfer, so he decided every new user would be awarded a bitcoin-based cryptocurrency, called gemz, just for inviting friends to join. In the future, users will get gemz for agreeing to watch advertising, on the principle that a user's attention is a scarce commodity that deserves compensation.
“If you invite someone, you get 25 gemz, which is worth 33 cents. If you invite three people you get a dollar.”
Peled says the network has 15,000 users so far. The iOS and Android apps are currently in public beta.
Users can then play with these gemz by sending them to friends, converting them to bitcoin or other currencies, or redeeming them for gift cards at e-commerce sites like Amazon and eBay.
GetGems completed a crowdfunding campaign at the start of this year in which it raised the bitcoin equivalent of $780,000.
Although his company is for-profit, Peled says that the company's founders and employees (a total of eight people) only hold an 8 percent share of the gemz.
“In total, we will issue 100 million gemz. Fifty percent were sold in the crowdfund. Thirty percent will be given away for free in the next few years to people who join and use the network, and twelve percent will be given to developers and community efforts.”
Right now, a gem is worth about approximately 0.015 dollars, but the more people join the network, the more its value will grow.
The idea, he says, is that “more value can flow to users and the pie can be shared in a more equitable way.”
Is this an altruistic project or are you looking to get rich?
“The goal is both. I think someone can become rich and also build a fair ecosystem for users. There is also a difference between rich and insanely rich, which is what is happening right now with the founders of Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook, Snapchat. I think the gap should be much smaller. Social network users should get to enjoy more of the wealth they help create.”
Peled shares a YouTube video he edited that encapsulates his philosophy.
A kibbutznik in Tel Aviv
Peled belongs to Kibbutz Ramat Yohanan in northern Israel, and the son of Udi Peled, who until recently was the economic director of Israel's kibbutz movement.
“The values behind GetGems are the values of the kibbutz,” he says. “Ramat Yohanan is one of the remaining Israeli kibbutzim where everyone is still equal, where people still share their salaries. It's a prosperous community; our factories are successful. I think it's amazing that such communities can prosper.”
On a personal note, Peled, who is 29, has a year to decide whether he wants to formally join the kibbutz.
“I live in Tel Aviv now. My salary goes to myself. At the age of 30 I need to decide whether to become a member (which means to go live back on the kibbutz and give my salary to the kibbutz). I can also make this decision at a later stage but I would lose some of the benefits.”
Peled doesn't divulge which way he is leaning, but it is possible that if GetGems does become the next WhatsApp, Kibbutz Ramat Yohanan, and not Peled himself, will be raking in his share of the revenue.
P2P money transfers
Sending money through social networks is the hot new thing. Earlier this year, Facebook enabled users to send payments through Messenger.
But Peled says that because it uses bitcoin, GetGems' system of money transfer is superior.
“In the United States you have to comply with AML and KYC (anti-money laundering and know your customer regulations).There are fees, it takes three business days, you're limited to about $500.”
GetGems, he says, doesn't have such restrictions, and because it is built on top of Telegram, (the nonprofit messaging platform regarded as a serious challenger to WhatsApp), it is much more privacy sensitive.
Banks, understandably, are terrified of social media payment apps, which may be why Citi approached GetGems to create a modified version of the app (one that uses regular currency instead of Bitcoin) for its own customers' use.
Did your bitcoin friends think you were selling out?
No, says Peled. “In order to make GetGems go mainstream we need to connect with industry. They wanted to leverage our knowledge of social networks, native mobile apps and payment security to give them a similar solution using fiat currency.”
But why would banks empower the technology that could lead to their irrelevance?
“A lot of them see the financial industry evolving. They see the power of the blockchain and they want to incorporate it into their business. In the future, banks will become hybrids–they will use blockchain technology [the decentralized ledger underlying bitcoin] to transfer value and they will combine that with fiat currency for stability.”
But despite his deal with Citi, bitcoin, not traditional currencies, is where Peled's focus lies. That's because bitcoin allows for micropayments.
“If WhatsApp wanted to give one, two or three shekels to every user, that's not possible with the current financial system. Just to transfer one shekel costs half a shekel. The fees are too high and you need to transact through a bank.”
But with bitcoin, your customers can share the wealth, he says.
“You can have an Uber that pays the users the lion's share of revenues like Lazooz or a Facebook that is trying to pay users the lion's share of ad revenue like Synereo. This wasn't possible before the blockchain.”
Yes, but why haven't any of these decentralized apps you mention taken off yet?
Because the developers are purists, he says.
“The blockchain community ecosystem is in a state of mind to decentralize everything. I agree that in the end everything that can be decentralized should be decentralized, but it's a long process. If sending a text message with the blockchain is not instantaneous, if it takes two seconds, users won't use it.”
That's why GetGems compromised a bit. While the transfer of gems is decentralized, the actual messaging app, based on Telegram, is not.
“The technology is not there yet, to make blockchain transactions fast enough. This was a smart move that will help us reach a mainstream audience.”
The point of alternative currencies
Bitcoin and gemz are not the only alternative currencies out there. Since the 2008 financial crisis, a local currency movement has gathered momentum in Europe and the United States. In another development, the radical Islamic State announced it is issuing its own gold-based coins.
What does your currency have in common with the local currency movement?
“One of the biggest problems with fiat money is that 1 percent of the world owns 50 percent of the wealth. Look at Mamazone, it's this online network of 50,000 mothers in Israel. The mothers have their own currency and they trade goods and services amongst themselves that they wouldn't be able to do in shekels. Some of the mothers are in a financial situation that doesn't permit them to spend fiat money.”
What about Islamic State issuing its own currency? Does that have anything to do with bitcoin?
“I'm not sure. Ask Meni Rosenfeld.”
Meni Rosenfeld, a mathematician by training, is the chairman of the Israel Bitcoin Association. The Times of Israel asked him whether Islamic State's plan to issue its own gold-based currency has any conceptual connection to bitcoin.
“Maybe they want to topple the dollar. The dollar is the reserve currency of the entire world, countries that don't have their own strong currency use the dollar. This gives the United States a lot of power.”
What kind of power?
Rosenfeld explains that the fiat money system allows the United States to print money whenever it wants. This is effectively a transfer of wealth from anyone in the world who holds dollars to the US government. The government can use this money to buy arms, go to war and then tax the population in the same currency.
“ISIL is trying to weaken the United States,” explains Rosenfeld, “but they have no chance of succeeding.
Does that mean bitcoin could potentially weaken the United States?
“Yes, if it is adopted on a large scale, it could reduce the power of the dollar. So if people in the United States want to hold on to their position and power, it makes sense that they might oppose bitcoin. But I don't think they will. I look at banks. Banks have an interest in bitcoin not succeeding but the people inside the banks are very drawn to it. I think the ordinary citizens in the United States will adopt bitcoin, because it is fairer and more efficient.”
A Florida woman tried to demolish her neighbors' mobile home because she didn't like them and thought they had broken into her car.
According to police, Ana Moreta Folch, 62, told a heavy equipment operator she owned the trailer and asked him to bulldoze it. Via NBC Miami:
[Folch] wanted the trailer bulldozed because she thought its occupants were "unsavory" and she suspected that they had broken into her car. [Folch] was charged with criminal mischief, a third-degree felony. She was released Wednesday on $10,000 bail. Jail records did not show whether she had an attorney.
Advertisement
The owner showed up just as bulldozing at the home began. He called police and the demolition stopped, but not before causing $25,000 in damages. DAMN. Folch told police she didn't like the people living in the home and said she was doing the community a favor by demolishing the trailer.
Don't mess with Florida Woman, you guys. Trust me, you don't ever want to get on her bad side.
(CBS News) As Mitt Romney continues his hunt for a suitable running mate, Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor, flatly dismissed the notion that he might consider the job.
"I'm not gonna do it and I'm not gonna be asked and it's not gonna happen," he told CBS' Charlie Rose in an interview with "CBS This Morning" that will air Thursday morning. "That doesn't mean I don't have a voice. Doesn't mean I don't wanna enthusiastically support Mitt Romney. I intend to do that. I'm doing it. But I'm not gonna be a candidate with him."
Tune in to Thursday's "CBS This Morning" for more of Charlie Rose's interview with Jeb Bush
Bush, the brother of former president George W. Bush and son of former president George H. W. Bush, has long been considered a potentially desirable VP pick - not only due to his powerful political ties, but also because of his popularity in Florida and with the Latino community.
He says, however, that "under no circumstances" would he consider the role, and that he'd turn down Romney if he asked.
"So if he comes and asks, you say, 'Sorry, go somewhere else'?" asked Rose.
"Yes," Bush said. "He's got a great list of candidates that I'm sure he's thinking about. We have a wealth of talent in the Republican party. He'll pick somebody that will be very capable to be president and to help him in the election."
When asked about his own presidential ambition, however, the former governor left the door open.
"I've not made that decision," Bush said, when asked if he had decided he does not want to be president.
Still, he suggested that 2012 may have, in some ways, been his "window of opportunity" to run for the nation's top executive job.
When pressed on whether or not he missed a chance to make a successful bid for the office, however, Bush demurred.
"You know, you never know," Bush said. "That's pure speculation. And one thing I know for sure is you don't-- you don't-- you don't worry about 'could have, would have.' You focus on the things that you can control, and that's what I'm doing."
Capt Lake was known by his French field name Jean-Pierre Lenormand A British officer who trained French Resistance fighters during World War II was told to "go home" by Charles de Gaulle, newly released files show. Peter Lake was awarded the Military Cross and France's Croix de Guerre for his actions in the run-up to D-Day. But just three months after the Allied landings, the leader of Free France told him he had "no business" there. Mr Lake died in June aged 94, but his account of the meeting has been released by the National Archives. It is contained within his Special Operations Executive personnel file and describes a meeting with Gen de Gaulle in the town of Saintes, south-west France, on 18 September 1944. Nom de guerre Mr Lake, then a captain, spoke fluent French and was known by the field name Jean-Pierre Lenormand. He decided to join a number of French officers who went along to greet the general, but was surprised by the conversation that followed. We don't need you here. You too must go home. Au revoir
General de Gaulle General de Gaulle: "Jean-Pierre, that's a French name." Mr Lake: "My nom de guerre, mon general." Gen de Gaulle: "What are you doing here?" Mr Lake: "I belong to the Inter-Allied Mission for Dordogne, and I am at the moment with Dordogne troops at Marennes, mon general." Gen de Gaulle: "But what are you doing here?" Mr Lake: "I am training certain troops for special operations." Gen de Gaulle: "Our troops don't need training. You have no business here." Mr Lake: "I obey the orders of my superiors." Gen de Gaulle: "You have no business here, I say. You have no right to exercise a command." Mr Lake: "Mon general, I exercise no command." Gen de Gaulle: "We don't need you here. It only remains for you to leave. You too must go home. Return, return quickly. Au revoir." Later, Mr Lake noted: "The whole dialogue passed very quickly and in a tone of voice which there was no mistaking. "It was so unexpected that I must confess I was far too taken aback to reply intelligently, and I think the majority of those present had similar reactions." Capt Lake was parachuted into France in April 1944 Despite the incident, Mr Lake was highly regarded by senior Army commanders and was referred to in an official report as "modest, unassuming, but possessed of considerable authority". "His dust-up with de Gaulle showed him to be a good diplomat, level-headed and intelligent," the report added. Mr Lake was parachuted into the Dordogne on the night of 9 April 1944 and immediately began training teams of resistance operatives. To do this he organised "evening classes" in subjects such as sabotage, but recalled that his first sortie was with fighters who were "armed like pirates, behaved like pirates and expected me to do likewise". After the D-Day landings on 6 June, Mr Lake said the situation became "very precarious" as the Germans stepped up attacks on the resistance. Nevertheless, in mid-June he carried out a daring operation to blow up a major railway line. Mr Lake returned to Britain in October 1944 and went on to have a successful career with the UK consular service.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“We have a new character in the works for Strange Adventures, just a five-page filler named Dr. Strange. Steve Ditko is gonna draw him. It has sort of a Black Magic theme. The first story is nothing great, but perhaps we can make something of him! Twas Steve's idea..!” Stan Lee- Comics Reader Interview 1963
“When like minded bloggers come together to write on a singular topic on a singular day the blogosphere bends at their mercy….they are called Super-Blog Team Up. Their mission is to provide a “Magical”blogging experience to our readers and share the words from the edges of the blogging universe under one banner. Welcome to the mighty SBTU…for our older fans…welcome back!!”
From the moment I saw David Copperfield make the statue of liberty disappear I knew I loved Magic. I was always the “How did they do that?” Kid. The secrets however most times were better than secrets as sometimes the belief in the trick is what makes it fun. When it came to “Magic” in comics most of what I had read came from DC in the very early 80s. Whether it was the Golden helmet of DC's own wizard of the Supernatural Dr. Fate or the Top Hat and Fishnets of Zatanna. If I really wanted more I also had the likes of The Phantom Stranger and Deadman.The DC is where I lived as a kid!
While I was an ardent DC fan none of those characters ever struck a real emotional chord with me. There are stories of the infamous Marvel bullpen and all the creative inspirations that resulted from the recreational activities of Stan Lee and company. During the 60s and 70s Marvel were banging out plenty of new concepts and titles. Lee met with Spider-Man power artist Steve Ditko and proposed a new concept that played into his strengths as an artist…one that Stan Lee would actually NOT take credit for!
Steve Ditko's tale of a self-centered , materialistic Surgeon who is involved in a career ending car accident and reflects on a life takes to the Mountains of India to find himself. What he finds is the Ancient One who opens his eyes to the world the Mystic Arts making him into the eternal Earths defender from the evils of Black Magic!! Hence is born Dr. Strange! Strange was a classic product of the Marvel Method of making their Heroes “real” like normal people who happen to be living super heroic lives…The Doctor was no exception.
What made Strange different was that could exist in other world dimensions. Ditko was a master of developing unique settings for his characters. His creator set Steven Strange in a bizarre geometric weirdo worlds beyond description. Ditko took simple circles, triangles and squares, mix them with moons, smoke and floating eyeballs and you have the multiple mystic dimensions in the mind of Steve Ditko and it was like nothing ever seen on the printed page before.
Personally the character has always been a struggle for me. I loved the youthful energy in books like Spider-Man or the swagger of Millionaire Bruce Wayne and his many gadgets as Batman. Strange was always ..well..Strange to me. The middle-aged, moustached man in pajamas who was able to harness magic. He was not the Super Heroic looking enough for my 9-year-old mind. I always wondered what it would be like I drew a new Dr. Strange and what he would look like? I would do away with the pajamas and sash and by god he would be cool. Well others felt the same way I did. The Doctors title was in serious jeopardy of cancellation and the new creative team headed by master horror artist Gene Colon decided the good Doctor needed an update!
In Doctor Strange #177 Doc's classic costume was replaced with a flashy skin-tight unitard some slick new boots and gloves! The most glaring change was that he was also masked!!?? Roy Thomas the famous Marvel scribe penned a reason for the change where Strange's nemesis Asmodeushad literally taken the place of Steven Strange's identity on Earth, while trapping the real Doctor in another dimension. The only escape, the Doctor needed to transform himself to free himself from his dimensional trap!
Colon did his best to make this work and actually did a fine job of switching the character out of his geometric Ditkonian dimensions to a more realistic looking alternate universe.though as with every major costume change it would eventually revert to his original garb in issue #183. I realized after reading these issues many years later that some characters are not cut from the typical mold and intended to stay that way!! So as much as I hated the baggy panted middle-aged magician look it is one of those iconic looks that simply defies age. So if you have never picked up a comic book in your life..or just a fan of the supernatural genre pick up some classic Strange books in the quarter bin and check out the big screen debut on Nov.4 2016!
SBTU Continuess Below…be sure to check em all out!!
LongBox Graveyard: Doctor Strange vs. Dracula
Between The Pages: The Wondrous Worlds of Doctor Strange
DC In The 80s: Magic edition: examining The Immortal Doctor Fate v1 (1985)
The Unspoken Decade:Nighttime Sunburn: Rise Of The Midnight Sons
Crapbox Son Of Chuthulu: The Makings of a Sorcerer Supreme: Optimism and Sacrifice
Chris Is On Infinite Earths Blog:Batman Visits the Sanctum Sanctorum
Coffee and Comics Blog:Review: Doctor Strange #84
The Daily Rios: Amalgam Dr Fate / Dr Strange
The Retroist: The OTHER Dr. Strange Film
The Super-Hero Satellite: You are here already!!
Save
Save
Advertisements
| By
Winter Camping Gear
Camping is more exciting and adventurous in winter. Anyone who likes camping will prefer winter camping as it offers many unique experiences and exhilarating moments. Winter camping can be fun and inspiring, but it requires more preparation and pre-planning than spring and summer camping. If you are planning winter camping make sure that you have the right winter camping gear to protect you from the cold environment. In the absence of the right camping gear, the experience can be severe and deadly. In winter, you need to be well insulated. You need to start with a pre-planning and with the required winter camping gear to protect yourself at night and to avoid any unpredictable situation. If you are a beginner and have a little idea about the winter camping gear then this article can help you in a great way. Below you will find some essential camping gear that is considered important for winter camping.
GPS Device
In a camping, the possibility of getting a cell signal is very less. So, it is also suggested to keep a GPS device that offers navigation and routing. That will help you from getting lost in case you find it difficult to get back to your original place. If you are in trouble, you can activate SOS functions that will connect you to any rescue center.
Fireproof Shell
In winter camping, you will require campfire to remain warm and for cooking as well. While preparing campfires, make sure that you have chosen the right clothing to avoid any unkind situation. You can wear wool cloth this is made of fire-resistant material and can protect you from the fire. You should avoid down jacket near campfires.
Sleeping Bag
Right Sleeping bag is important to offer you comfort and to protect your body from the low temperature. Our preferred sleeping bag for winter camping would be the Military Goretex 5-Piece Improved Modular Sleeping Bag System. This bag will keep you warm and dry down to -40 below.
4-Season Tent
Tent is one of the important requirements of any camping. In winter, it is essential so that you can stay warm at night. Campers usually prefer expedition designed tents for winter camping. These tents are made with extra guidelines, stronger fabrics, and better quality poles to combat extreme winds of the winter cold. One can also take a single-wall tent. This tent is made from breathable fabrics and waterproof materials and it does not demand a separate fly. Single-wall tent comes with an easy setup system and offers lasting results.
Layered Clothing
This is essential for a winter camping. You should have a big puffy coat to stay warm in the thrilling winter. You should choose the one that entirely covers your bodies and offers comfort while moving. You can get one either from natural down or synthetic fills. Both of them will serve your purpose. Some additional important winter camping gear can be found here but you should be brought these as well – a powerful stove, backpack, water bottle insulator, flashlights, first -aid kit, gloves, and lighter. Winter camping is not easy, but you can make it comfortable and enjoyable with the right selection of gear.
Related articles
We, humans, may not be endowed by nature with great physical abilities: powerful muscles or weaponry like fangs, claws, horns and so on.
But there is one chapter where we excel: sex.
I'm not talking about sexual activity - at it has been proved that bonobo (which is also wrongly named "dwarf chimpanzee") has more sex and much varied than the human being - but about penis size.
Man is the ape, the monkey and the primate with the biggest penis!
Gorilla males, which dwarf humans in size, have minute penises compared to ours, no thicker and longer than a pencil. Other apes do not reach even this size.
In some African countries, saying that one is 'hung like a gorilla' is considered an insult.
That's about us, but which is the largest penis in nature?
Well, despite the huge size of penises in elephants and odd hoofed mammals (like rhinos and horses), the biggest penis indeed belongs to the biggest animal: the blue whale. The largest measured penis reached 2,4 m (8 feet) (photo above:the penis of a killer whale).
Accurate measurements are difficult to be made because the whale's erect length can only be observed during mating.
Moreover, whales (and dolphins) have some control over their penises: they can move it and - to a certain degree - bend its tip to facilitate mating! In a way, we were expecting this result, but this is like a human having a 10 cm penis, because the blue whale can reach 33 m (100 feet) body length.
In relative terms, the title belongs to ... a duck!
The Argentine Blue-bill or Argentine Lake Duck (Oxyura vittata) is a small South American stiff duck. What's paradoxical in this equation is that most birds do not even have a penis, except ostriches (and related groups, like kiwi and tinamous), ducks, geese and swans.
Bird penis in flaccid state curled up inside the cloaca. Well, a specimen of Argentine blue-bill duck had a remarkable 42.5 cm (17 inches) long penis (photo center) (the average length of this species is 20 cm (8 inches))!
The flaccid penis is coiled but fully erect is twice the size of the bird: it is like us having a 3.5 m (12 feet) penis...
Biologists believe that the remarkable size of this penis may have evolved in response to competitive pressure in these highly promiscuous species, removing sperm from previous matings in the manner of a bottlebrush.
This is the longest relative penis in vertebrates, animals related with us.
But there is a type of crustacean (crab related animals) - called barnacles - that provides us another surprise. Barnacles look more like small shells and are indeed sedentary animals, living fixed on rocks or man-made structures (or sometimes even on whales!) with a muscular stalk or not. Gooseneck barnacle is one of the most expensive seafoods! Like many sedentary animals, barnacles are hermaphroditic and alternate male and female roles over time.
Neighboring barnacles interfecundate between them, and to be able to do this, they employ the longest penis in the animal kingdom, in proportion to their body length: it is 40 times bigger than the animal's body (photo bellow).
As the barnacles measure just a few cm, their penises won't be so obvious for humans...
There is another mystery unsolved: male cephalopods (squids, cattlefish, octopuses) have one of their arms, named hectocotylus, turned into a penis. As some wrecked giant squids had arms longer than 8 m (25 feet), how big would their hectocotylus be?
Photo credit: K. Mc Cracken
Vancouver's overdose deaths continue to rise with the week of June 19 having three of the busiest days on record for Vancouver Fire and Rescue Services (VFRS).
The Vancouver Police Department reported seven overdose deaths for the week of June 19, which is up from the five reported the week prior. While the VFRS said the same week produced the second highest call volume of the year at 198 calls; which is 77 per cent increase from the previous week.
On June 21, VFRS said they responded to 41 calls for overdoses in a single day.
The City of Vancouver said in a statement the overdose deaths and calls have been steadily increasing throughout the month of June; which only highlights the need for new strategies and more action to be taken by the new provincial government.
“Vancouver's overdose death rate continues to soar with no end in sight, and the provincial government remains missing in action,” Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson said.
“Four British Columbians a day are dying of drug overdose from fentanyl, and our first responders and front line community workers are at a breaking point shouldering the burden of saving lives on the front lines.”
The City of Vancouver has reported an estimated 191 overdose deaths in 2017 so far and is on pace for roughly 400 deaths by the end of the year in the city alone.
As of the end of May, the latest data from B.C.'s coroner's service said the total number of overdose deaths in B.C. to 488. In the month of April alone, there were a suspected 136 overdose deaths in the province. That amounts to almost double the number of deaths compared with the same month last year.
Vancouver still has the highest number of fatalities this year.
Overdose deaths have been largely attributed to the synthetic opioid fentanyl, which was connected to nearly 45 per cent of drug deaths between 2015 and 2016.
Rush Limbaugh's new pet project — fighting animal cruelty for the Humane Society of the United States — is riling sportsmen from coast to coast, prompting fears that the talkster typically supportive of gun rights is aiding a group they say has a secret agenda to end all hunting in America.
Twenty-eight groups representing millions of hunters and sportsmen are demanding that the conservative radio commentator end his collaboration with the HSUS and stop “helping them to mainstream their image in the minds of reasonable people.”
“Despite a few programs designed to attract support from the general public, HSUS is in fact an organization that opposes hunting, fishing, and trapping,” the groups, including Ducks Unlimited and the U.S. Sportsmen's Alliance, wrote in a letter last week to Mr. Limbaugh.
“Its leadership has a long and established history of promoting legislation, litigation, and referenda to restrict the rights of American sportsmen and women.”
RELATED STORIES:
• Fractured media no match for Obama
• Southern border just as open despite flu
• Hot Button: Culture Briefs
The public-service radio spots cut by Mr. Limbaugh began airing in mid-April. In one, the self-dubbed “Doctor of Democracy” expresses support for the HSUS effort to crack down on organized dogfighting and other animal-cruelty crimes.
In the second, “America's Truth Detector” talks about, as the Humane Society says, “our outreach to communities of faith, and the moral obligation that we have to be good stewards of God's creatures.”
Mr. Limbaugh did not answer requests for comment and has had little to say about his tacit endorsement of the HSUS. In an interview by Greta Van Susteren on Fox News last week, he was asked by the host, “Who do you admire and why?” As Mr. Limbaugh paused, citing “brain freeze,” this exchange occurred:
“You like the Humane Society,” Mrs. Van Susteren said.
“Who?” Mr. Limbaugh asked.
“The Humane Society.”
Laughing, the radio host, who spends three hours a day talking politics, said, “Well, now, you're getting into politics,” and quickly moved off the topic.
The Humane Society's president and chief executive, Wayne Pacelle, said the issue shouldn't be political.
“I'm embarrassed for them that they would criticize Rush for amplifying our message that dogfighting and other malicious forms of animal cruelty are unacceptable in society,” he said.
Countering that his group absolutely does not oppose all hunting, Mr. Pacelle said he reached out to Mr. Limbaugh and was not surprised that he accepted the invitation to join the cause.
“I think the folks that are criticizing it are unbelievably knee-jerk — I guess they want to provide comfort to dogfighters? It just doesn't make any sense… . There are certain things that civil society should agree on.”
As for having the nation's top conservative commentator aboard, he said: “I hope this shows a side of Rush to the American people that they may not have contemplated.”
But the 28 wildlife-conservation organizations that represent hunters, anglers and trappers say the Humane Society has a nefarious agenda.
“The Humane Society of the United States is public enemy number one for sportsmen. We believe firmly that they're against all forms of hunting. We actually battle them in state after state, and they back all types of different legislation, ballot issues, that seek to restrict the rights of hunters,” said Greg R. Lawson, a spokesman for the U.S. Sportsmen's Alliance, which has about 3 million members.
“The concern we have with what Rush did is not so much the actual content of the new public-service announcements… . It's the very fact that he recorded anything for that group because of their agenda against the sportsmen community.”
The letter says Mr. Pacelle once said to the Associated Press: “If we could shut down all sport hunting in a moment, we would.”
He told the Bozeman Daily Chronicle, “Our goal is to get sport hunting in the same category as cock fighting and dog fighting. Our opponents say hunting is a tradition. We say traditions can change,” according to the letter.
Scott Sutherland, director of governmental affairs for Ducks Unlimited, which has 630,000 members, said, “Supporting HSUS implies an endorsement of an anti-sportsman agenda.”
In their letter, the groups say that Mr. Limbaugh's collaboration amounts to “implied endorsements” for the Humane Society that are “a real coup for their cause.”
“With America's most prominent conservative spokesman on board, they have the opportunity to make inroads into a new cross-section of our country. You are helping them to mainstream their image in the minds of reasonable people. Your collaboration furthers the anti-hunting and anti-fishing agenda of HSUS, which will undermine the great success of conservation and threatens the economies of small towns and rural states across our nation.”
Mr. Lawson said many Americans have little real understanding of the Humane Society of the United States — which has about 11 million “supporters” — and don't know it is not affiliated with local humane societies, animal shelters or animal care and control agencies.
“When people think of the Human Society of the United States, they a lot of times are thinking of the guys who are taking care of dogs and cats and stray animals and doing the work at the local humane society. That's not what this national group is. They don't work with the local humane societies — they're a national lobbying group.
“And that's a very big distinction that I dont think has really gotten out into the general public,” he said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Online bookmaker sportsbet today released odds for the world's first ever kangaroo race.
The 1600m event will be held at Hanging Rock Races tomorrow with eight well trained kangaroos taking the field.
Marsupial Magic has been opened at short odds of $2.25, having impressed in trials and is just ahead of Skippy on $3.50.
Hop Skip And A Jump has seen some strong punter support in early betting and is fixed on the third line at $5.00.
Hopping For A Miracle looks set to be living up to his namesake, priced as the $51 outsider.
Sportsbet are paying a $20,000 prize fund for the winner, with the race set to be broadcast live on TVN.
“We're delighted to be the first to not only take bets on, but to organise the world's first ever kangaroo race. Who knows, Roo racing might even eclipse the Melbourne Cup down the track,'' sportsbet.com.au's Will Byrne said.
“We've had trials at regional centres and the races have skipped along smoothly.”
VIEW THE MARKET
Officials have released the names of four of the nine victims of the Jonestown Massacre whose cremated remains were found in a defunct Delaware funeral home.
The Delaware Division of Forensic Science visited the former Minus Funeral Home along the 200 block of Queen Street in Dover last week after receiving a request to check out the site, officials said Thursday.
Once inside, officials say they found 38 containers filled with cremated remains from 1970 through the 1990s. Nine of those remains were identified as victims of the Jonestown, Guyana, massacre.
Late Friday, officials identified four of the Jonestown victims as Maud Perkins, Wanda Bonita King, Mary Rodgers and Irra Jean Johnson. A fifth person, Bryan Glass, was also identified.
Remains Found From Jonestown Massacre
Human remains from the 1978 Jonestown Massacre were found in a Delaware funeral home. (Published Thursday, Aug. 7, 2014)
The massacre on Nov. 18, 1978, claimed the lives of 918 people — mostly through cyanide poisoning. The cult, the Peoples Temple Agricultural Project, began in the United States in the 1950s. Its members migrated to Guyana, the only English-speaking country on the continent, in 1976 after its then leader, Jim Jones, came under media scrutiny.
Jones had opened a free health clinic and drug rehab program in San Francisco before becoming the city's Housing Authority chairman in 1976. But as allegations mounted about improprieties, Jones and the cult moved out of the country.
Two years later, after a number of incidents and a mysterious death of a Californian native, U.S. Congressman Leo Ryan visited the cult's South American commune on Nov. 14, 1978. While trying to evacuate defectors at a remote jungle airstrip on Nov. 18, he was shot more than 20 times and killed. Four others, including an NBC photojournalist, were also murdered.
Jackie Speier was a 28-year-old legal aide to Ryan, a San Francisco Bay Area Democrat. She was sprayed with bullets during the fact-finding mission that ended in bloodshed. Speier now holds Ryan's seat in Congress and is very vocal about her memories of the evils of the cult.
Hours later, the mass killing was carried out after grape-flavored punch was spiked with drugs and poison. Survivors reported that many were reported to have consumed the punch willingly, but said some who resisted were either forced to drink, shot or injected with the poison.
Following the deaths, 911 of the remains were flown from South America to Dover Air Force Base, which houses the U.S. military's largest mortuary. Several cemeteries refused to take the remains. The Evergreen Cemetery in Oakland, Calif. eventually allowed 409 bodies to be buried there in 1979. The remaining victims were either cremated or buried in family cemeteries.
It is still unclear how the remains wound up at the white-walled, one-story funeral home, which remains padlocked and surrounded by overgrown grass and dead vines.
Of the 38 containers, 33 were clearly marked and identified. These included the Jonestown remains. State officials say additional names will be released following family notifications.
The husband of Maud Ester Perkins, who lives in California, said he was shocked to learn that his wife's remains were found.
Perkins was 28 when she and her then-7-year-old son died in the massacre. Her husband, Irvin Ray Perkins of Antioch, California, told The Associated Press on Friday that at the time he had tried to determine what happened to his wife's remains without success.
"There was so much chaos. ... I never got a chance to get hold of anybody who knew anything exactly, so I just sort of backed off," said Perkins, who recalled being told that somebody would get back to him.
"Somebody just got back to me 37 years later," said Perkins, now 64, who described his late wife as a "wonderful wife and a beautiful person."
Perkins said he had planned to join his wife and son at Jonestown but never got chance.
"Twenty days later, I would have been there," he said.
Perkins still doesn't know what happened to the remains of his son but suspects they may have been among the unidentified remains buried at the California cemetery in 1979.
Perkins is planning to make arrangements with Delaware authorities to have his wife's remains shipped to him. He plans to place her remains on his mantle.
"I don't have the money to come out there," said Perkins, who spoke Thursday with James Patton, an investigator with Delaware's Division of Forensic Science.
Investigators also excavated several areas of the property where loose soil was seen. There was concern some additional remains may have been buried on the property. No remains were found, but officials say they uncovered an arrowhead, animal bones, oyster shells and charcoals.
A number of bronze grave markers for veterans killed in World War I and the Vietnam War were also found inside the funeral home. Officials are working to give them to family members or return them to the Veteran's Administration.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 10 Philadelphia
This story sounds incredibly familiar for some reason.
The College Fix reports:
U. Oklahoma ‘Native' controversy showcases academia's inconsistent position on race
The academy, especially the progressive academy, just cannot stay consistent on its philosophy regarding race.
This isn't a problem in and of itself, certainly; the academy exists — or should exist — for a rigorous debate on such matters. The problem arises when self-appointed racial guardians start chastising and reprimanding others for not possessing the “correct” view(s) on the subject.
Which happens a lot these days.
A current situation at the University of Oklahoma is a perfect illustration. A new hire in the Native American Studies Department, Gina Stuart-Richard allegedly is a sort of Elizabeth Warren/Rachel Dolezal analogue, a blog having reported that her Native ancestry is phony.
The OU Daily reports that Stuart-Richard says the blog's allegations are false, but the professor adds “she is not an enrolled member of the band of Mississippi Choctaws, and has never presented herself as such, but is connected to the tribe through her ancestry and notes her affiliation with the tribe on her resume.”
The blog, “run by approximately eight Native Americans,” questioned the professor's ancestry shortly after her hiring in May. It said Stuart-Richard “isn't an enrolled member of the tribe, nor does she have any ancestors who were members of the tribe.” It culled its information from Ancestry.com, Familysearch.com, and U.S. census records.
Captains recount desperate asylum rescue efforts
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Captains recount desperate asylum rescue efforts (7pm TV News WA)
The captain of a cargo ship has described how he battled rough seas and poor light to save more than a dozen asylum seekers off the coast of Indonesia last week.
The APL Bahrain was travelling through the Sunda Strait on Wednesday when it received a distress call.
A boat which was reported to have as many as 150 people on board was in difficulty and the APL Bahrain was the first vessel on the scene.
Captain Manuel Nistorescu says it took hours to find the stricken vessel, and he says he heard the survivors before he saw them.
"They were in the water screaming, some of them had whistles," he said.
He says it was difficult trying to manoeuvre the massive ship in rough seas but his crew managed to save 15 men and women.
Nearly 100 people are feared to have died in the incident. Australian authorities coordinated the search and the survivors were taken to Indonesia.
In an earlier rescue, the JPO Vulpecula was the first ship at the scene of June's asylum seeker boat disaster off Christmas Island in which 90 people died.
Captain Eric Bilango says the crew found survivors clinging to the hull of their upturned boat.
"They were very much exhausted, some of them were crying, they were in shock," he said.
The crew lowered the ladder and threw life buoys to survivors.
Captain Belango says it was only once the 27 survivors were on board that he realised his crew of 20 were out-numbered.
"My concern was our safety because ....they might form a group and over-run the vessel," he said.
"Some of them, I'd say became a little bit aggressive.
"They really wanted to go to Australia."
Those asylum seekers were transferred to Christmas Island.
In recent months, there has been a big rise in sea rescues between the two countries.
Since June, 44 merchant vessels have gone to the aid of asylum seekers in distress.
Australia's lead search and rescue agency does not reimburse shipping companies for any costs incurred during the rescues but says it is grateful for the help of the vessels which have saved hundreds of lives.
Topics: refugees, maritime, christmas-island
First posted
Buy Photo Clay Travis is out as co-host of the popular “3HL” radio show on 104.5 The Zone. (Photo: John Partipilo / The Tennessean )Buy Photo
Sports radio personality Clay Travis is out as co-host of the popular “3HL” radio show on 104.5 The Zone.
Travis and his co-hosts for the sports program had been in contract negotiations for the past several months, and the contract was set to expire at the end of August.
On his Outkick the Coverage blog, Travis said the station extended a offer this week that was too low, given his perceived market value.
“I expected that they would make a competitive offer and I'd continue to work at 3HL. ... For six months, (104.5 The Zone owner) Cumulus did nothing after I made my overtures, this morning they finally made their offer — a $5,000 raise,” Travis wrote. “I thank Cumulus for one thing, they made my decision to leave incredibly easy. If the company had been remotely competitive with its offer, I was inclined to stay.”
Originally, Travis said his last day would be Thursday, but he later announced on social media that he will not be allowed to appear on the air this week.
Travis said he plans to stay in radio. He has a non-compete clause in his contract that prevents him from broadcasting in Nashville for 90 days. Travis told The Tennessean he would target 2015 for a new opportunity.
“I live in Nashville, and I plan on doing radio in Nashville and other cities probably beyond Nashville again,” he said.
Hosted by Brent Dougherty, former Tennessee Titan Blaine Bishop and multimedia sports personality Travis, “3HL” has helped propel 104.5 The Zone to become one of the most successful sports talk stations in the country. The Tennessean reported last month that 104.5 The Zone, owned by Cumulus, has the largest market share for any sports talk show in the country.
The show, which made its debut in 2010 in the noon to 3 p.m. time slot, earned strong ratings before being bumped up to its current afternoon rush hour spot.
In addition to his role on “3HL,” the sometimes-controversial Travis owns the sports and pop culture website Outkick the Coverage and works as a television analyst for Fox Sports and Fox Sports 1.
The fate of Dougherty and Bishop, who were on the air Tuesday, is unclear at this point. Brad Willis, program director for 104.5 The Zone, said the company doesn't comment on personnel issues.
“Loved working (with Travis),” Dougherty tweeted Tuesday afternoon. “He's exceptionally smart, talented & creative. He's also a good friend. I wish him the best.”
The closest competition for The Zone is 102.5 The Game, which is the local home for ESPN radio and “Sports Night,” hosted by longtime local broadcasters George Plaster, Willy Daunic and Darren McFarland.
Reach Nate Rau at 615-259-8094 and on Twitter @tnnaterau.
Read or Share this story: https://www.tennessean.com/story/money/2014/08/26/clay-travis-leaving-hl-radio-show-zone/14635495/
In response to a question about a newly released video from February showing Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice violently knocking out his fiancée in an elevator, The White House on Monday strongly condemned violence against women and urged men to band together to stop it. The comments came shortly after the Ravens announced that Rice's contract had been terminated.
“This administration and this president do believe strongly that the scourge of violence against women is something that needs to be aggressively combated,” said White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest. “I don't want to comment on the individual decisions made, in this case, by an individual football team. But you have seen the president and the vice president make very forceful public comments in talking about how important it is for men in particular to step up and step forward and make clear that violence against women is something that is not and cannot be tolerated.”
Earnest said he was unaware if President Barack Obama has actually seen the video, but added that as an avid sports fan, he had followed the controversy.
TMZ published the video early Monday morning, reigniting a controversy that had simmered for several months. Initially, Rice was suspended for just the first two games of the season, a punishment that was viewed as incredibly lenient, especially in light of Cleveland Browns wide receiver Josh Gordon's yearlong suspension for smoking pot.
The NFL instituted harsher penalties for players accused of sexual assault after criticism over Rice's punishment. But privately, sources with the league rationalized the leniency by telling reporters that fuller video of the confrontation would show that Janay Palmer, then Rice's fiancée and now his wife, had provoked his reaction. The Ravens went so far as to tweet out Palmer's regrets for her role in the matter.
Janay Rice says she deeply regrets the role that she played the night of the incident. — Baltimore Ravens (@Ravens) May 23, 2014
When the video emerged, those claims proved hollow. Rice was barely provoked inside the elevator. And his blow is vicious -- he knocks Palmer off balance and she falls to her side, her head hitting the elevator railing.
NFL officials said Monday before Rice's contract was terminated that they had not seen the elevator video -- a claim that contradicted earlier reports.
The sports world pounced after the video's release, with commentators and even other NFL players calling on the Ravens to issue a harsher penalty or fire Rice altogether. The political world wasn't too far behind. Sens. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) and Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.) sent letters to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell and Ravens General Manager Ozzie Newsome calling for a harsher punishment and asking the NFL to implement procedures to better address instances of domestic violence.
UPDATE: 9 p.m. -- Later Monday evening, after a discussion with the president, White House press secretary Josh Earnest offered an on-the-record comment on the Rice tape and the running back's firing.
Jonathan Chevreau provided a good overview of the 4% retirement rule, while pointing out some of its problems, in a recent MoneySense article.
Put simply, the 4% rule describes the maximum initial annual withdrawal rate (subsequently adjusted for inflation) that “ensures” investors won't run out of money over a 30-year retirement.
I've put quotes around “ensures” because there is nothing magical about 4%. The percentage was determined by looking at the historical record in the U.S. based on a portfolio that was equally invested in intermediate U.S. Treasuries and U.S. common stocks.
As Mr. Chevreau points out, the rule has been modified over years as new data rolled in. In addition, it has to be tweaked for those who retire early and for investors who use different asset mixes.
Unfortunately, the 4% rule might be more wishful thinking than a rule because it fails when applied in many countries, according to Wade Pfau. He wrote that, “With a 50/50 asset allocation, the 4% rule did not survive in any country, though it came very close in the U.S. (3.94%) and Canada (3.96%). Even allowing for a 10% failure rate, 4% made the cut only in Canada, the U.S., New Zealand, and Denmark.”
He goes on to say, “In eleven of twenty countries, the SAFEMAX fell below 3%. […] Shockingly, the 4% rule would have failed more than half of the time for countries including Spain, Germany, France, Italy, and Austria. Italians attempting to use the 4% rule in their domestic financial markets would have actually faced failure in 76% of the historical periods.”
Compounding matters there is no saying that world markets will perform similarly in the future. It might turn out that the twentieth century was an unusually good one for investors and that following periods might not be so generous.
As a result, those who follow the 4% rule – or even a more conservative 3% rule – might be gambling with retirement ruin. At a minimum they should be prepared to tighten their belts should the markets turn against them.
Safer Canadian Dogs
Investors following the Dogs of the Dow strategy want to buy the 10 highest yielding stocks in the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), hold them for a year, and then move into the new list of top yielders.
The Dogs of the TSX works the same way but swaps the DJIA for the S&P/TSX 60, which contains 60 of the largest stocks in Canada.
My safer variant of the Dogs of the TSX tracks the 10 stocks in the index with the highest dividend yields provided they also pass a series of safety tests, such as having positive earnings. The idea is to weed out companies that might cut their dividends in the near term. Just be warned, it's a task that's easier said than done.
Here's the updated Safer Dogs of the TSX, representing the top yielders as of January 16. The list is a good starting point for those who want to put some money to work this week. Just keep in mind, the idea is to hold the stocks for at least a year after purchase – barring some calamity.
Source: Bloomberg, January 16, 2017
Notes
Price: Closing price per share
P/B: Price to Book Value Ratio
P/E: Price to Earnings Ratio
Earnings Yield: Earnings divided by Price, expressed as a percentage
Dividend Yield: Expected-Annual-Dividend divided by Price, expressed as a percentage
As always, do your due diligence before buying any stock, including those featured here. Make sure its situation hasn't changed in some important way, read the latest press releases and regulatory filings and take special care with stocks that trade infrequently. Remember, stocks can be risky. So, be careful out there. (Norm may own shares of some, or all, of the stocks mentioned here.)
Read more:
This could have devastating consequences for patients. Earlier this year, I saw a patient with a "grandfathered plan," meaning that it was exempt from the contraceptive mandate. She desperately wanted an IUD, as her birth control pills had failed her and she had ended up with an unintended pregnancy. However, she could not afford the upfront cost of an IUD insertion and went home with the same method that had failed her previously because it would cost her only $15 per month. By the end of five years, this less effective method will actually cost her more than the IUD she wanted all along. And if the pills fail again, the insurance company that wouldn't pay for her IUD may end up paying for a pregnancy instead, which will costs many times more.
Flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson will attempt to thwart longtime rival John Dodson when the two fighters rematch in the newly-announced main event of UFC 191 on Sept. 5 in Las Vegas.
UFC officials announced the new card and main event on Wednesday during the fight card from San Diego.
Johnson defeated Dodson in their first meeting in 2013 in a closely-contested matchup that was definitely the flyweight champion's toughest test to date. Since then, Dodson has won three fights in a row to earn a second crack at the champion this September.
Article continues below ...
In addition to the Johnson vs. Dodson rematch, UFC officials also announced several other fights set for UFC 11, including the return of former No. 1 light heavyweight contender Anthony ‘Rumble' Johnson.
Johnson has been out of action since his title fight loss to Daniel Cormier at UFC 187 in May, and now he will get back into the Octagon against Jan Blachowicz.
Blachowicz made an impressive UFC debut in 2014 with a first-round TKO over Ilir Latifi before dropping a unanimous decision to Jimi Manuwa in his last bout in April.
Now, Blachowicz will face one of the most dangerous fighters in the 205-pound division as he takes on Johnson at UFC 191.
Paige VanZant will also get back in action at UFC 191 against Alex Chambers in a bout that was previously announced while Francisco Rivera takes on former flyweight John Lineker, who moves back up to 135 pounds after failing to make weight in several bouts while competing at 125 pounds in the UFC.
UFC 191 goes down on Saturday, Sept. 5 from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.
Patients who search on health Websites may find that touchy terms such as herpes and depression may be leaked to third party tracking sites, according to research by University of Southern California professor.
In a research letter published by JAMA Internal Medicine, a JAMA Network publication, Marco D. Huesch, M.B.B.S., Ph.D. at USC found six or seven popular health sites had at least one third party tracking element. Huesch used a sample of 20 sites and commercial interception software to highlight the data swapping.
The upshot is that folks conducting health searches may want to stick to U.S. government sites or physician oriented sites. Huesch said in his research letter:
A patient who searches on a "free" health-related Web site for information related to "herpes" should be able to assume that the inquiry is anonymous. If not anonymous, the information knowingly or unknowingly disclosed by the patient should not be divulged to others. Unfortunately, neither assumption may be true. Anonymity is threatened by the visible Internet address of the patient's computer or the often unique configuration of the patient's Web browser. Confidentiality is threatened by the leakage of information to third parties through code on Web sites or implanted on patients' computers.
Huesch noted that generally speaking the data collected by Web sites and third parties can improve ad targeting and overall user experience. The catch is that tracking isn't addressed well in legislation and regulations and health care information can lead to embarrassment, discrimination or avoidance by marketers.
Now Huesch couldn't determine whether the leaked information was used or misused by third parties. The point is that the leakage could lead to privacy headaches later.
For now, Huesch recommended that health searches are conducted on professional societies or government sites or consumers use privacy tools such as DoNotTrackMe and Ghostery to search sensitive terms.
Starting in the 1980s, Sony produced the Discman, a CD version of its popular cassette Walkman player. I had a Sony Discman or two in the 1990s, and they were pretty boring—typically clamshell-shaped plastic players with a handful of buttons and a place to slap some AA batteries. But the Sony D-88 was different. It was a portable CD player that was too narrow to fit a CD inside.
Yeah, let's back up a little.
Your typical compact disc (CD) has a diameter of 120mm, or 4.72 inches. But there's also a much less common Mini CD format, usually sized at 80mm (3.15 inches). These Mini CDs were sometimes used for CD singles, or bundled with computer devices for their drivers, or as gimmicks at tradeshows. They're also the reason tray-based CD players have multiple circular cut-outs in the tray: The smaller discs can fit in the middle, and the spindle comes through the middle and grabs them. (The spindle cut-out is the same size regardless of total CD diameter.)
Sony's D-88 Discman, introduced in 1988, imagined a world in which the Mini CD might actually be popular, and that people would carry around a bunch of CD singles. Sadly, this was never a world I inhabited, but it is a little fascinating to imagine. What's far weirder is that the D-88 can play a full-size CD, with the spinning disc sticking out on two sides, whirring away, ready to crack into bits. What could possibly go wrong?! Here's an excellent Techmoan video explaining the whole mess:
As the video mentions near the end, Sony had done this kind of thing before with a Walkman too small for a tape (my family had one! You just popped it open to expand it to regular size), and even a record player too small for an LP (which was kind of awesome, since at least it wasn't designed to go in your pocket).
Okay, let's hear it, commenters. Did anybody own one of these gadgets? If so, what CD singles were you listening to?
“The steak tartare was a bad decision.”
Here is what we know so far:
First, Hillary Clinton clearly has serious medical problems and is receiving unknown or inexplicable treatments for it.
Dr. Drew, a CNN favorite, had his show cancelled with days of expressing his concerns.
Second, her health problems mainly manifest as speech problems, uncontrollable coughing, or inappropriate laughter, problems walking, and a bizarre tongue ulcer.
Third, she is professionally and personally connected to Marina Abramovic, a bizarre performance artist, and therefore has a surprising number of connections to the occult and to the satanic art/magick ritual known as Spirit Cooking.
Fourth, Spirit Cooking includes disturbing instructions to cut into one's own flesh, “eat the pain,” and mix bodily fluids like breast milk, urine, blood, semen, and even feces for “spiritual” drinking. Fifth, the usual assumption is that she has Parkinson's disease, or might simply be a functioning alcoholic who stumbles and acts out in public.
But there is another possibility.
According to Wikipedia, “kuru” is a rare, incurable neurodegenerative disorder (aka, brain disease) which was prevalent among the Fore people Papua New Guinea in the 1950s and 60s. Kuru is a type of transmissible spongiform encephalopathy, caused by prions, which cause abnormal folding of specific proteins mostly found in the brain. In this respect, kuru is very similar to Creuztfeldt-Jakid Disease (CJD), better known as “Mad Cow Disease”.
The Rachel Maddow Disease
Don't worry about the medical jargon; the point is that there is a very unpleasant disease called kuru that is transmitted by ingestion of human blood (specifically the “prions” in the blood). These prions then cause more and more deformities in the brain's proteins over time, ultimately leading to death.
“#ImWithHer … #ImWither”
On the left is a card from the 1990s role-playing game called “Illuminati,” which is debated to this day because many of its cards seems to predict current events in the Globalist Agenda.
In any case, the term kuru derives from the Fore word kuria or guria (“to shake”), a reference to the body tremors that are a classic symptom of the disease. It is also known as the “laughing sickness” due to the pathologic bursts of laughter which are a symptom of the disease. It is now widely accepted that kuru was transmitted among members of the Fore tribe of Papua New Guinea via funerary cannibalism. Kuru causes physiological as well as neurological effects that ultimately lead to death.
Neurological disorders?
Check!
Bodily tremors?
Check!
Laughing fits?
Check!
Ritual consumption of human tissues?
Check!
In the first stage of kuru, victims exhibit unsteady stance and gait, decreased muscle control, tremors, and speech problems.
In the second stage, the patient is incapable of walking without support and suffers ataxia and severe tremors.
Furthermore, the victim is emotionally unstable and depressed, yet has uncontrolled sporadic laughter.
In the final stage, the patient is incapable of sitting without support…
…suffers severe ataxia, is unable to speak, is incontinent…
…has speech problems, is unresponsive to his or her surroundings, and develops chronic ulcerated wounds.
A screenshot of Hillary's tongue during the DNC this summer.
A chronic tongue ulcer.
Ultimately, an infected person usually dies within three months to two years after the first symptoms, often because of pneumonia or pressure sore infection.
Pneumonia?
Why, yes, that's exactly the explanation that her campaign gave to the public after she froze up and collapsed in New York on 9/11!
Here's one other visual oddity.
An illustration of prions in action, causing tangled protein deformities.
Am I only one this prion illustration reminds of a presidential candidate's logo?
Or, as one journalist noticed last year…
“Can't spell ‘Hillary' without ‘ill'!”
In pop culture, the zombie apocalypse in the video game Dead Island is blamed on an aggressive type of kuru that causes skin degeneration as well as psychotic rage.
Ironically enough, some years ago, Hillary herself noted the connection between violent video games and cannibalism.
Is any of this 100% conclusive? No, I admit that, of course. But it does remind us of two bits of wisdom.
First, the outside gradually comes to reflect the inside of a person. Over time, our thoughts and our habits express themselves–impose themselves–on our physical appearance and health. So if a person is filled with lies and dark thoughts for decades, it will manifest in her appearance. An internally corrupt–or rotten–person will inevitably show external, bodily corruption, as well.
Second, we can run from our actions for a long time, but eventually the consequences catch up with us. If Hillary ever had ingested the “ingredients” in Spirit Cooking, not even she is above the law of consequences.
If nothing else, we as American should NOT elect someone with this many spiritual and medical problems.
We must be wiser.
We must elect Donald Trump to Make America Great Again!
Share this article to inform and encourage your friends and family!
In a celebratory tweet Tuesday, President Donald Trump appeared to take credit for the "big announcement" of Ford's $1.2 billion investment in three Michigan manufacturing facilities.
The announcement comes as the contract will soon begin on a 2015 labor deal struck between Ford and United Auto Workers. Ford plans on creating 130 manufacturing jobs in accordance to the deal.
Advertisement:
Back in 2015, the local chairman of the UAW, Bill Johnson, said he was thrilled with the agreement they reached with Ford.
"There is something in this contract for everybody," Johnson said at the time. "I didn't believe when we started that [UAW Vice President Jimmy Settles] would be able to come out of this with as much as we had. He did a great job."
Nearly two years later, Trump sent out a tweet touting the job creation from the deal. At first glance, the president does not seem to be claiming sole responsibility for the announcement. But when coupled with statements from senior White House officials, there is no doubt that Trump thinks he deserves credit for the jobs.
Kellyanne Conway, for example, noted that Ford made this announcement just two weeks after meeting with Trump.
Then, during Tuesday's White House press briefing, Press Secretary Sean Spicer highlighted the announcement in his opening remarks.
“The president was pleased to see that Ford announced $1.2 billion investment in three manufacturing facilities in Michigan just two weeks after automobile executives came to the White House and met with the president,” he said. “This adds to the growing wave of positive news, jobs news, under the president.”
Advertisement:
When asked whether the president did something in his meeting with industry executives that led to Ford's announcement, Spicer responded, “I think there's been some regulatory efforts and some commitments on the regulatory efforts going forward in the future that I think may have played a role.”
In a statement Tuesday, UAW-Ford Vice President Jimmy Settles simply praised collective bargaining.
“Thanks to collective bargaining, the hard-working men and women at each of these locations will now reap the full fruits of their labor," Settles said. "We look forward to celebrating more product investment and job growth at each of our UAW represented facilities in the months and years to come."
Age of Empires Online came out recently. I played it for a bit.
It's fun. They did a good job with the beginning, at the very least. You have quests, like a normal MMO, but each "quest" is an real-time-strategy mission. It's pretty cleverly built, to be honest – if one mission is too tough, you can come back to it later after you've leveled up a bit. "Leveling up a bit" is what replaces the old tech unlocking process. Instead of saying "after mission 12 you can use ballistas", they say "after you gain 12 tech points you can use ballistas", and each mission gives you a tech point, and you can reset your tech points for a fee if you want to try a different build. So that's cool.
It also has an inventory system. You can collect equipment for your units. Equipping units gives your units bonuses. I didn't get far enough to see if this is a tradeoff deal, where you'll be sitting there saying "hmm, do I want faster cavalry or stronger cavalry", or whether it's just a strict linear upgrade sequence. But it exists. Along with inventory comes crafting, where you can take raw materials that you find and turn them into gear, and I'm assuming there's an auction house and trading and all the standard stuff that comes along with crafting.
It's an interesting approach, and I'm not sure if I think it's a good idea – a good RTS is balanced on a razor wire, and this feels like wildly shaking the razor wire. But this entry isn't about that.
Age of Empires Online is "free-to-play" with "micropayments". You'll notice the scare quotes. First off, the micropayments are pretty damn macro. The cheapest things you can buy are $5, and those are purely cosmetic items for your capital city, and there's four of them. For the price of all the cosmetic items, you could buy the X-Com Complete Pack on Steam – including five games, two of which are great and a third of which is totally playable as long as you don't get frustrated easily – and still have cash left for an overpriced coffee.
You can also buy the Premium Civilization Packs. These take the civilization you choose and give you . . . well, the rest of the civilization. See, it's free to play, but it's not really free to play everything. Large segments of the game, including a lot of the gear you get, including Advisors, including a good chunk of the game's economy, are only available if you buy the complete packs, which cost $20 each. Keep in mind there's one of these per civilization. If I've been playing Greek, and I decide I want to switch to Egypt, I get to fork over another $20 for it. That's the price of an entire game.
Then there's a game mode, Defense of Crete, that costs another $10.
And the thing is that I sorta want to play these modes. I enjoy the game. It's fun. It's a nice timekiller between doing other things. But the game spends an incredible amount of time telling me I'm a second-class citizen. "You should learn a crafting skill! You can learn two! Yay, you've learned one! What, you want to learn a second? Haha, I'm sorry, you need a premium civilization for that. Lol. Loser. Hey go do this mission, you get rare equipment from it! You can't use the equipment, but you can totally look at it. Man. Isn't that shiny? Premium civilization, dude. You could make and sell gear like this! Oh, wait, I'm sorry, you need a premium civilization for that. $20. Fork it over."
Which reminds me a lot of Puzzle Pirates. Puzzle Pirates has a similar system, where large parts of the game are locked away. If you want to do all the trade puzzles, you need a trade badge. If you want to captain a ship, you need a captain badge. If you want to go sea monster hunting, you need a sea monster badge.
The difference is that, in Puzzle Pirates, these badges don't cost money. They cost doubloons. And there are two ways to buy doubloons. First, you can pay money for them. Second, you can pay in-game money for them . . . by buying them from other people who paid real money for them.
Realize that Puzzle Pirates still gets just as much cash either way. It doesn't matter who bought the doubloons. Someone bought them, and then someone spent them, and there's no need for those people to be the same person. For someone like me, who treats the game as a fun timewaster, this is perfect. I can burn some time enjoying my puzzling, make ingame money, use that money to buy doubloons, and get access to further parts of the game.
And here's the brilliant part. If, later, I decide I need a ton of ingame money to buy a boat, I can fork over $10 on doubloons, turn those doubloons into ingame money through the exact same trading system, and buy a boat without having to grind.
No matter what game you're making, there will always be people who would like to trade time for ingame shinies and people who would like to trade real money for time. These people are your best friends because, together, they give you money that you would never have gotten otherwise. But if you don't allow those transactions – if you cater only to the group of people who want to trade real money for ingame shinies – then you're cutting out a significant portion of your userbase.
One last story before I wrap this up. Recently, Eve Online added a new cosmetic item: a monocle. The monocle could be purchased in their online store for Aurum, a currency similar to Puzzle Pirates' Doubloons. A little math quickly demonstrated that this monocle would cost $60 if you were to buy it with real money. The community hated it – what moron would pay $60 for a virtual monocle – but CCP stuck to their guns. In two days, they sold fifty of 'em.
I don't know for sure, but I'd wager that the majority of those weren't purchased with dollars. There are a lot of players in Eve Online who have horrifying amounts of ingame money. I'd wager that a lot of those monocles were the result of a player saying "hey, that space monocle is pretty, and I'm space-rich, so, I'll buy it with my space money!"
And yet, CCP still made $3000 in two days, possibly without anyone giving them a single dollar for a monocle.
Guys: Knock it off with the free-to-play games with twenty-dollar mandatory micropayments. Make a sensible economy, then rig things up so that your devoted players can give you extra money and your broke players can consume it. It benefits us all.
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Fabian Delph earned his sixth England cap against Slovenia in June, something dawned on him as he gazed around the dressing room at his teammates.
He was the only player there who was not at a top six Premier League team.
And that realisation also played a part in his thinking when he made the decision to leave Aston Villa and try his luck in the rarefied atmosphere of the Etihad Stadium.
He has been mocked and criticised for that decision, people drawing comparisons between him and Scott Sinclair, Jack Rodwell and Adam Johnson – other young Englishmen who went to Manchester City and found it a tough environment.
Delph found it tough against Real Madrid; the injury picked up against Rafa Benitez's side looks set to deprive him of a certain start against West Brom, with Fernandinho unlikely to make the game.
But he has the same attitude as the previous two midfielders to leave Villa and join City – Gareth Barry and James Milner, who were both regular players, and have the medals to prove it.
“I got into the England squad playing for Villa,” he said. “When we'd meet up with the squad I was the only player there at a club down near the bottom so it was a big thing for me.
“Now hopefully I'll go be joining up with the squad playing for a top-four team.”
The notion that he is somehow damaging his England prospects is alien to Delph – in fact, he sees it as the reverse situation.
“I just see it as a positive step in my career,” he said. “A step forward and an opportunity to play with some of the best players in the world and lift my game.
“Every player backs themselves. If you don't back yourself then I think you're going to struggle.
“Everybody that's come here seems to have backed themselves at some point, and I'm no different.
“I back myself and feel confident playing here and getting the opportunity to play here.”
More City stories
When City return to the City Football Academy - after their pre-season tour wraps up with a match against the Vietnam national side on Monday – Delph may just make a beeline for the Blues' elite development head Patrick Vieira.
The French great was Delph's idol as a boy and he revealed that he got Vieira's shirt after a City v Villa game at the end of Vieira's career.
“I'm a big Leeds fan so I've got quite a few heroes there,” said Delph. “In world football, Steven Gerrard was a hero of mine, and I liked Roy Keane and Paul Scholes, a lot of central midfield players.
“Patrick Vieira was probably the biggest idol. If I could be like any player, it would be like Vieira was at Arsenal – box-to-box-, tackling and chipping in with the odd goal. I'm not that good at that at the minute but hopefully I can improve.”
An historical moment on December 30, 2008: Air New Zealand makes history via jatropha powered flight while General Motors plans to sign a pact for jatropha production.
The flight was the first to use jatropha as part of a biofuel mix.
HONG KONG: Despite plunging oil prices, airlines are intensifying their search for alternative fuels to make flying more affordable and environmentally friendly.
[image credit]
An early test of the commercial and technical viability of one such biofuel took place Tuesday in the skies above Auckland. Air New Zealand, the country's primary carrier, staged a successful test flight using oil derived from jatropha, a weed which can grow in arid conditions and produces inedible oil. This means it won't be taking away crops used for feeding the world's swelling population, like ethanol production.
For two hours pilots tested the oil, a 50-50 blend of conventional jet fuel and jatropha, in one of the four Rolls-Royce engines which powered the Boeing 747-400 aircraft. This flight holds the distinction as being the first test flight of a commercial airline utilizing jatropha oil.
[image credit]
“Today we stand at the earliest stages of sustainable fuel development and an important moment in aviation history,” said Rob Fyfe, Air New Zealand's chief executive. The project has been 18 months in the works. Hopes are that the test results will lay the groundwork for jatropha to be available in commercially viable quantities as soon as three to five years, executives of the companies said.
More Biodiesel Test Flights to Come in 2009
Other airlines are conducting test flights using biofuel blended jet fuels in 2009:
Continental Airlines has a scheduled January 7, 2009 test flight using a blend of Jatropha and algae. This will be the first flight that algae has been used in a biofuel blend for a commerical aircraft. Continental to be first carrier in the Americas to conduct biofuel flight in partnership with Boeing, GE Aviation, CFM International, and Honeywell's UOP
HOUSTON, Dec. 8 — Continental Airlines (NYSE: CAL) today announced plans for the first biofuel-powered demonstration flight of a U.S. commercial airliner, to be conducted in Houston on Jan. 7, 2009. The demonstration flight, which will be operated with no passengers, will be powered by a special fuel blend including components derived from algae and jatropha plants — sustainable, second-generation fuel sources that don't impact food crops or water resources, and don't contribute to deforestation. (Source: Continental Airlines)
Japan Airlines has a scheduled January 30, 2009, test flight using a biodiesel fuel based on camelina oilseed.
BOZEMAN, Mont., Dec 16, 2008 (BUSINESS WIRE) — Sustainable Oils, a producer and marketer of renewable, environmentally clean, and high-value camelina-based biofuels will participate in an historic flight by Japan Airlines (JAL) planned for January 30, 2009. The demonstration flight will make JAL the first Asian carrier to fly on fuel derived from sustainable feedstocks and the first airline to use camelina-based bio-jet fuel. JAL's feedstock mixture is 84% camelina, nearly 16% jatropha and just under 1% algae. Both jatropha and algae are being tested as primary biofuels for aviation gas as well. (Source: BiofuelsDigest.com)
Flash Back to February 2008: Virgin Atlantic became the first airline to test a commercial aircraft on a biofuel blend, using a 20 percent mixture of coconut oil and babassu oils in one of its four engines. Note: Coconut and babassu oils come from palm trees and are used to make soaps, shampoos and special skin lotions. I would hope that Virgina Airlines considered a jatropha-blend instead of palm products. If large amounts of these oils were used for biodiesel, shampoo and other similar products would increase in price. Additionally, palm oil is already one of the many reasons for excessive de-forestation in South America. Increasing the strain on these forests for the output of additional fuel would be disasterous.
General Motors to Sign MoU (Memorandum of Understanding) for Growing Jatropha.
[image credit]
Ahmedabad: After the successful first phase trial run of biodiesel blended fuel, auto-maker General Motors is likely to sign an agreement with Bhavnagar based Central Salt and Marine Chemical Research Institute (CSMCRI) for Jatropa cultivation, institute officials said.
As part of the General Motors Initivative to use biodiesel blended fuels for its vehicles, GM has signed an MoU for the cultivation of jatropha in wastelands. The corporation has conducted test trials running a biodiesel blend in excess of 25,000 kilometers. The blended fuel contained between 10-20% Jatropha biodiesel and future trials have plans of upping the percentage to 100% Jatropha biodiesel.
Partly for my own future reference: comparisons between conventional Medicare and Medicare Advantage, and between Medicaid and private insurance.
The go-to source on Medicare Advantage is the official Medpac report (pdf), which currently finds MA plans costing on average 7 percent more than conventional Medicare. This is less than the premium a few years ago; apparently (pdf) because several changes in Medicare policy more or less incidentally put the squeeze on MA plans. So far those plans are still expanding, but time will tell.
Studies by the Urban Institute and more recently by CBPP find that Medicaid is significantly cheaper than private insurance. This is partly because of lower administrative costs; also, Medicaid, more than Medicare, bargains hard, using things like a limited formulary that lets it drive a harder bargain over drug prices.
And there is, of course, the international evidence: every other advanced country has a less privatized health insurance system than we do, and we have much higher costs than anyone else.
So as I have often said, there's not a shred of evidence supporting the view that voucherizing Medicare would make the system more efficient; on the contrary.
The woman with one of the toughest jobs in British politics talks about her hopes for keeping Scotland in both the EU and the UK, and why it's time for Corbyn to go
There are plenty of terrible jobs in Britain's febrile political life at the moment, but being leader of the Scottish Labour party must come high on the list. Labour was obliterated by the Scottish National party at the 2015 general election and pushed into third place by the Tories in the election for the Scottish parliament last May. Scotland used to be a Labour fiefdom; now the party is fighting for its life.
The leader faced with the task of saving it is Kezia Dugdale, a personable 34-year-old who critics say is far too nice for such an undertaking. I've come to a community centre at the heart of the Old Town in Edinburgh to hear Dugdale give a speech on the lessons of the EU referendum. The premise is a good one: so far, all the attention has been on the majority in Scotland for remain, but what about the million Scots who voted to leave; what were they telling us? As in England, many were poor and felt disempowered; this was a vote about austerity, poverty and powerlessness rather than a straightforward rejection of the EU. Europe was merely a convenient whipping boy.
The promising premise of Dugdale's speech is undermined by her fondness for political cliche: “Here's the thing”; “It's in our DNA”; “Entering uncharted waters”; “It's a wake-up call”. Such Milibandian language does not bode well. But at a round table with the terriers of the Scottish press immediately afterwards she gives a good account of herself, talking quickly, directly, succinctly.
Dugdale: UK must allow Scottish independence vote if people want it Read more
When I eventually get her on her own, I ask her why on earth she wanted this terrible job – the political life expectancy of Scottish Labour leaders tends to be short. “I took my time to decide whether I wanted to do it,” she admits – she was Jim Murphy's deputy when he resigned after the meltdown in May 2015. “If the Labour party were doing extremely well, I wouldn't be where I am. When Jim quit, I was faced with a fundamental choice: either step up or step away. I chose to step up. I did it through a sense of duty rather than some sort of terrible, overarching careerism.”
She took it on, she says, because she believes Labour can fight back in Scotland. “We're the only party that stands for the redistribution of both wealth and power.” Hence her emphasis on the people who voted leave – she sees Labour's role as giving them a stake in a society they feel has abandoned them.
Dugdale's immediate problem in the wake of the EU referendum is that she and her party may have to choose between being in the UK or the EU. “I find that the most upsetting consequence of the result,” she says. “I am careful about how I talk about identity in politics because identity is a very personal thing. It's unique to each of us. I feel Scottish first and foremost, but I also feel British and European, and the result of the referendum is that you are asking me to choose between different components of my identity. I don't want to choose between two unions.”
I, like the vast majority of Scots, want to be part of both the EU and UK
I ask her to try. “We don't have the full picture of what we're faced with yet. Nowhere in your life would you make big decisions without being fully versed in the facts of what you are being asked to choose between. We just don't know whether it's possible Scotland can remain part of Europe and part of the United Kingdom. I, like the vast majority of Scots, want to be part of both. That's what I want to fight for.”
She has asked Labour super-fixer Lord Falconer to explore the possibility of a federal solution that would allow Scotland to remain a member of both. “Charlie Falconer is a constitutional expert and, like lots of other people, has a huge desire to maintain both Scotland's membership of the UK and the European Union. With Ian Murray [Labour's sole Scottish MP], he is exploring the possibility of a federalised UK option where different federal states can have different relationships with Europe.”
Dugdale backed a motion in the Scottish parliament giving first minister Nicola Sturgeon a mandate to talk to both the UK government and other EU governments about the way ahead for Scotland. Sturgeon has made it clear another referendum on independence is one of the options she is considering. I suggest that makes the breakup of the UK very likely, but Dugdale demurs.
“Before the EU referendum result, Nicola Sturgeon said she would only contemplate a second referendum if the polls consistently showed support [for yes] of over 60%. There have been two polls since the EU referendum, in the midst of this political crisis with the anger that people feel, and they showed 57% and 54% of people saying they would vote yes. I don't think there's anything inevitable about a second independence referendum, let alone the inevitability of the country voting yes.”
Dugdale says the UK leaving the EU makes the questions about currency, borders and security that dogged the SNP in the 2014 independence referendum even more pertinent. “We'd have one land mass and potentially two different currencies. What does that mean for trade given that Scotland's largest trading partner is the rest of the United Kingdom? Is that a good economic step? I struggle to see that it would be.”
She says it would be dangerous for Westminster to block a second independence referendum if that's what Scots want, but reckons Sturgeon has a tricky hand to play – the Scottish people are unlikely to vote for independence if the byproduct is impoverishment. Falconer's “federalised” solution or some deus ex machina that sees Brexit averted or diluted is at least as likely as the UK breaking apart.
The other quagmire in which Dugdale finds herself is Jeremy Corbyn's leadership of the Labour party nationally. She has been sceptical about him from the start, voting for Yvette Cooper in the leadership contest and wondering aloud how a perennial rebel such as Corbyn could enforce party discipline. She said recently that if she had lost the support of 80% of her MPs, she would feel obliged to step down – despite her mandate being even bigger than Corbyn's, having won 72% of party members' votes in Scotland in August 2015.
But she has to tread carefully. Her deputy, Alex Rowley, and quite a few Labour members of the Scottish parliament are pro-Corbyn, and Momentum, which sees itself as Corbyn's praetorian guard, are an increasing presence in Scotland. They are a presence at Dugdale's Edinburgh speech, too, setting up a stall outside the community centre and handing out leaflets decorated with a photograph of a benign-looking Corbyn standing alongside shadow chancellor John McDonnell, who is giving a clenched-fist salute.
There is, though, less animosity than in England: members of Momentum attend the meeting and make their points (to loud applause) in the Q&A session that follows Dugdale's speech, and afterwards she chats happily to them, welcoming one new member who says she has joined to protect Corbyn from those seeking to defenestrate him. Dugdale sets great store by being a team player and a democrat – she accepted the Scottish party's opposition to renewing Trident, even though she personally supports it. That is admirable in its way, but may also have a downside: at some point, a leader has to lead, whatever the cost to party unity.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dugdale about to speak in the wake of the EU referendum. Photograph: Murdo Macleod for the Guardian
In fairness, she is clear it's time for Corbyn to go. Pressed by one of the Scottish journalists at the round table, she agrees he is no longer “competent” to run the party because he has lost the support of the great majority of his MPs. “I didn't actively choose to get the knife out,” she tells me later. “I sought to avoid it for as long as I could. But I know in my heart and in my gut that if I had lost the faith of 80% of my colleagues I could not physically do my job. Like him, I have a mandate from the party membership which I respect and am very conscious of, but the reality is I couldn't do my job if I'd lost the backing of my colleagues.”
She doubts whether Corbyn has the flexibility to be prime minister; indeed may prefer to be in opposition rather than government, with all the messy compromises it demands. “He's deeply driven by his principles and wanting to do the right thing,” she says. “He won't compromise them in order to be in government and he doesn't think that he needs to. I don't seek actively to speak ill of him, but I want a Labour government. You can achieve some things from opposition, but nothing like the possibility of power. I get up and do what I do every day because I believe a Labour government could transform this country.”
Dugdale accepts the current infighting is terrible for the party. “Whether you want him to go or stay, everybody in the Labour party just now is hurting. We, as ordinary members, put blood, sweat and tears into this beautiful thing that's done so much good over decades, and to see it in the position it's in is upsetting and painful for everyone, regardless of where in the political spectrum you sit.”
She hopes the party doesn't split, breaking into its socialist and social democrat parts. “The party is a broad church, and that's what gives it its strength. It has the capacity to represent the whole of the country. It has to speak to crofters in Caithness as much as it does people in Exeter, Truro, Kent and Yorkshire.”
The only child of two teachers who divorced when she was 15, Dugdale grew up in north-east Scotland (in the small town of Elgin and later Dundee), was clever and hard-working – she was head girl at her comprehensive school in Dundee – and went to Aberdeen University to study law. She disliked the course from the start, but stuck with it and was eventually drawn to the ethical questions of the law, though she never intended to practise, which she says distressed her parents.
Instead, she moved to Edinburgh with a group of friends, gathering a large number of rejections to job applications and doing bar work, waitressing and temporary sales jobs to tide her over. That experience led her to join the Labour party. “There were three of us who'd moved down from Aberdeen, and only one of my flatmates got a job. My other friend couldn't get a job either, and we would sit on the couch all day chewing the fat. She was a member of the Labour party, and she said: ‘All these things that you think, that's what the Labour party believes.'”
Dugdale joined, got a job working for Edinburgh University as a welfare adviser, did a part-time MA in social policy, and in 2007 became an election agent in Edinburgh. “I love elections,” she says. “I love the theatre of elections, the geekery of it, and the more I got involved, the more I wanted to do.” She went to work for then Labour MSP George Foulkes, enjoyed the cut-and-thrust of life in the Scottish parliament, and became an MSP herself in 2011.
Doesn't all this leave her open to accusations of wonkery? “A lot of people look at my age and assume I decided I was going to be a politician when I was 12,” she says. “That's just not the case. I didn't vote till I was 23; I probably joined the Labour party before I voted. I've worked in countless cafes and bars, stacked oil rigs with goods, worked in numerous call centres. I don't like anyone being accused of being a careerist because all they are actually doing is trying to live by their values and deliver what they believe in.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kezia Dugdale with her partner Louise Riddell. Photograph: Andrew Milligan/PA
Dugdale came out just before the Scottish election in May – she has been with her partner, economics lecturer Louise Riddell, for more than eight years. Why did she choose to go public about their relationship? “If you speak to journalists here in Scotland, everybody knew. I had just chosen not to talk about it because my partner gave me the stability and security I need to do my job. It was the one bit of my life I needed to be mine. But I got tired of not talking about it, and since that point I've been trying to make up for lost time by being an advocate for young LGBT people.”
To me, as an outsider, the way politics is conducted in Scotland feels very different from down south: more civilised and harmonious, a bit quirkier too. Dugdale's father, Jeff, is an SNP supporter who is not averse to having a pop at his daughter on Twitter (she calls him a typical “embarrassing dad”). I suggest this different political mood reflects the dominance of women in political life in Scotland – all three main parties are led by women, two of whom are gay – but Dugdale says that's too pat an explanation.
We're just as robust in how we do our politics as three men would be
“I think it is different, but only a little bit different,” she says. “People will often say: ‘It's three women, so it must be less aggressive.' But they've clearly not been watching because we're just as robust in how we do our politics as three men would be.” She also says the family friendliness of Scottish politics is overstated, pointing out that none of the leaders of the three main parties has children, though she and her partner hope to have them at some point.
Her task now is to steer Scottish politics off the constitutional agenda and on to the social and economic agenda that she believes favours Labour. It has been difficult for Labour to regain lost ground in a framework where the SNP represents nationalism and the Conservatives seek to embody unionism – falsely, in her view, as the decision of a Conservative government to hold a referendum on the EU has imperilled the very union the Tory party seeks to uphold.
She says referendums reduce political decisions to the lowest common denominator, demanding simple answers to complex questions, and herding wildly different groups of people into the same ideological pen. “Over the past three or four years, we have become obsessed by binary choices. You're either yes or no, for or against something, black or white, leave or remain. Why are there only ever two options now in our politics? What happened to the grey areas? That's where consensus and progress are found.”
In praise of grey areas – it's admirable in its way, but you do fear she might be swimming against an unstoppable tide of ideological purity on left and right.
Building Got Creative
Polybridge is a title completely made by one man (I know, very impressive) and that has been absolutely beloved by much on Steam. Popular YouTubers like Pewdiepie seemed to have a blast with this exquisite title and so it was not to my surprise that when the opportunity was given, Poly Bridge was ported to Switch.
However being the game's first console port, how does it stack up? Let's find out!
Poly Bridge – Nintendo Switch – Released: 12/14/17 – $14.99
Short Review
Poly Boffridge is an amazing game that screams creativity every second that you play for, however due to the completely new market that the developer was brought into, some very awkward decisions were made which come together to result in an amazing experience that just needs a little bit more polishing.
Here is the Icon for Poly Bridge, I like it:
The Problem
Building bridges is the main aspect of this game (duh) and on PC it is simply done by connecting two ends with your mouse, very simple and comfortable to do. However on Switch you can do this task in one of two ways: drag it across the imprecise touchscreen or use a single joy con as a motion controlled cursor to connect the two ends. What I'm trying to get at is, it's complicated to use and not intuitive at all.
However the developer has openly admitted that “I have assumed that most people would prefer touchscreen controls, and I was wrong”, he followed by assuring us that “a patch introducing joystick and pro controller support is on its way very shortly” which is incredible news.
Value and Difficulty: A perfect combo
Poly Bridge has a variety of different levels that will slowly allow you to use different tools in order to complete the given task. This can range from simple wood to metal and much more that simply gives you a lot more creativity with what you do in this game.
With that variety of levels come a very smooth difficulty curve that accommodates both new and returning players easily. This accompanied with the previously mentioned variety keeps the game fresh and makes it feel like a solid package, specially at $14.99.
Conclusion:
Poly Bridge is amazing being one of the most creative Indies that I have seen, and with the problems being surely fixed soon is a definite must-have. Priced at $14.99 it offers perfect value for the buck, and being able to play it everywhere is simply just amazing. My personal conclusion is, if you need a game to play today (December 20th, 2017) don't buy this game as the problems haven't yet been fixed, but if you are willing to buy it and wait for the patch that should be arriving soon, I can promise you a great time.
UPDATE: 5/30/18
I would give this game a 9 out of 10!
Trailer:
Advertisements
Born out of the Cold War, North Korea is a strange anachronism on the world stage, intentionally cut off from the world, controlled by incredibly effective propaganda, and home to state-sanctioned atrocities the UN has likened to Nazi Germany.
Escaping from North Korea is a dangerous task, and many die attempting it, but refugees still manage to slip out of the country, seeking asylum in places like the UK.
However, a recent tribunal ruling in the UK could mean that North Korean asylum seekers are refused entry, and instead are deported to South Korea, even if they have no ties to the country.
Hoping to spread awareness of why North Korean citizens are seeking asylum, North Korean refugee Jiyoung Kang shared (through a translator) the harrowing story of her life in the hermit kingdom at a ‘North Korean Memoirs' discussion on forced labour in London.
Hunger and suffering
During the famine in North Korea, Kang was among those starving, so she tried to find food and earn foreign currency, but travel certificates were needed for her to officially get around the country and without them, guards who caught her “beat her and swore at her.” The whole country was suffering, and life was difficult.
Kang then told of how her eight-year old niece climbed up a mountain “to find wild greens and grass roots to eat” and suffered a few small grass burns as a result.
These wounds grew infected, but at the hospital they were told that they had “no medicine.” Her niece swelled up, with her hands becoming so swollen that “if you touched her, the flesh would come off.” She died in her grandmother's arms.
In 1998, Kang fled to China, hoping to earn funds to feed her family, but struggled to find a job. Her cousin suggested a ‘people finder' job where she would help send messages from families in South Korea to their relatives in the north, but those in North Korea would “tremble in fear at the mention of South Korea” as they knew they were under surveillance for having ties to the south.
Still, she managed to earn $100, “a huge amount”, and went traveling in North Korea. Again, she was caught, and was this time taken to a local prison.
For a week she was interrogated over whether she had met any other North Koreans in China, or visited the church, until she was released after her older brother bribed the guards to release her by giving them fish and “exotic cigarettes.”
In 2001, she fled to China again and met trafficked girls – “teens, children, mothers” – and heard for the first time the ‘truth about the Kim family', the fact that they were not benevolent leaders with their best interests at heart.
“The North Korean propaganda is about 99% effective, you believe what you are told, it's all you know,” said Kang. She was “shocked and angry at the lies” she had been told by the regime.
Life in prison
After staying in China for a month, she was captured and repatriated, imprisoned near the border, and then was moved to a provincial prison camp.
There, she was told to plant food during the spring with fellow prisoners of all ages, “including children”. They lacked actual seeds for the seed beds, so they were told to plant corn.
Malnourished and bordering on starving, “nothing could stop” the prisoners from eating some of the corn, meaning the whole field was not planted. “I cannot count how many times I was beaten by the guards due to eating corn … there was no other way to survive.”
The children even continued to eat while being beaten, still “crying and bleeding.” After a while, the guards replaced the corn with “corn dipped in manure” so that they could not eat it. “The guards treated us worse than dogs or pigs.”
At one point, a woman who was heavily pregnant with a half-Chinese baby was brought to the prison. The guards kicked her until she went into labour and gave birth. They separated the mother and the child with a door between them and told Kang, the oldest, to keep an eye on them.
The mother pleaded with Kang to let her see the baby just once. “I could not say no.” For the “first and last time”, she saw a smile in the prison camp, but had to pay a high price for it.
They were “stamped on with military boots and beaten with wooden clubs,” with Kang thinking she “would die.” The baby, left on its own, when it passed away. Brought to tears by the memory, Kang told Artefact “I still have nightmares.”
Escape from North Korea
When released, she fled to China again, but was caught in just 15 days. After her release, her brother begged her to stay, but she had become “addicted” to the idea of freedom, and left for China, this time with her daughter, her daughter's husband, and their child.
She began working as a housemaid in China, hiding her nationality so as not to get caught. Her daughter and son-in-law were not as lucky, and were repatriated, leaving Kang with her granddaughter. Kang stayed in the area for years, moving from house to house, hoping to hear something from her daughter, but the situation “became risky.”
Using funds she had managed to save up, the help of an agency and the church, she was able to emigrate to England in 2009 and claim asylum.
She still has yet to hear from her daughter, but told Artefact “I have hope. I want my granddaughter to know a mother's love.”
Also speaking at the discussion was So-Young Ko, who was born in North Korea in 1983 and grew up in the country's capital Pyongyang.
“Studying is not important in Pyongyang,” she explained. Grades don't matter, “family background does,” with children of important families managing to go to university.
Talking to Artefact through a translator, she told of how most of the lessons were about propaganda: “until noon you learn things like history,” which paints the Kim family in a very positive light, “after you learn how to do group parades and flip boards for messages to our leader.”
Primary school children were used as “forced labour” and are “tasked with rice transplantation, pulling weeds and picking up seeds.” On top of that, during the hot summer they were made to “transport water from rivers to cool train rails to stop them bending” in the heat.
They were also given designated quotas of leather, metals and other substances that they must fill, or they would be sent home. They were also made to catch hundreds of crickets to feed the pigeons that the Kim family apparently liked to dine on.
Her life as the daughter of a military serviceman took a turn for the worse when her father was “discharged for having relatives in China,” and they had to move to the countryside.
Ko told of how the people in Pyongyang “didn't realise how people were starving in the countryside.” There were black markets with “children who stole food and picked up crumbs on the street.”
Starving children
Ko described the worst moment of her life in North Korea: A man on the street was holding a small three-year old child and a sign saying that she was his daughter and “for sale”.
A crowd gathered and asked the man why he was selling his child, so he told them that he had not eaten in so long that “he was starting to go blind” and couldn't care for his child.
Eventually, a soldier came and bought the child for a small sum. The father told the soldier to wait and rushed off to buy some food with the money, and gave it to his daughter. “She was so young … she didn't realise the significance, she just held the food and watched her father as the soldier carried her away.”
Some time after this, Ko escaped to China with her parents, but Ko and her mother were quickly repatriated and imprisoned.
Still very young, Ko was released, but her mother was “tortured and punished in political camps” for eight months, before being released in what Ko believes was an effort to flush out her father.
Her local school would make trips to public executions, where the teachers would tell her that she “was a traitor” because of her father.
Ko and her mother were always under surveillance, but managed to escape to China after two months. She said that the trip to China included a 400km walk, mostly at night, and hiding from border guards.
There, they were able to stay for 10 years, “traumatised and scared by police sirens and officers,” before finally escaping to England three years ago where they were able to gain refugee status.
Now, she “no longer has to be scared” of sirens and police and “can go to hospital when sick.”
“You can think of North Korea as a big prison,” she told us.
Featured image by Roman Harak via Flickr.
A study suggests that high school students who smoke electronic cigarettes with high nicotine levels are more likely to smoke e-cigarettes long term and start smoking regular cigarettes.
Adam Leventhal, associate professor of preventive medicine and psychology at the University of Southern California, led a team of researchers who explored how differing levels of nicotine in e-cigarettes and vaping devices affect adolescents' smoking habits and their likelihood of smoking combustible cigarettes.
“Our study raises an important issue regarding how policymakers may regulate nicotine in e-cigarettes,” Mr. Leventhal said in an email to The Washington Times.
“On one hand, adult smokers who switch to a less harmful nicotine product may experience significant health benefits,” he wrote. “On the other hand, our study indicates that teens who vape more nicotine may be at greater risk for critical adverse health effects like becoming a more frequent smoker of conventional cigarettes and becoming a regular user of e-cigarettes.”
The study was published Monday in the Journal of the American Medical Association Pediatrics. It comes as the Food and Drug Administration is evaluating implementing a standard level of nicotine in cigarettes that would curb addiction, especially among youths. Each day, about 2,500 young people in the U.S. smoke their first cigarette.
“Unless we change course, 5.6 million young people alive today will die prematurely later in life from tobacco use,” FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said in July. “Envisioning a world where cigarettes would no longer create or sustain addiction, and where adults who still need or want nicotine could get it from alternative and less-harmful sources, needs to be the cornerstone of our efforts — and we believe it's vital that we pursue this common ground.”
A typical cigarette has about 15.8 milligrams of nicotine per gram of tobacco. E-cigarettes and vaping devices, in which a liquid containing nicotine is heated and the vapor is inhaled, can have nicotine levels that range from zero to 18 milligrams per milliliter of liquid.
In the study, USC researchers surveyed 181 10th-graders across Los Angeles who reported smoking e-cigarettes. The nicotine concentration in their products was recorded as a baseline, and a six-month follow-up assessed whether they continued vaping, increased their nicotine levels or started smoking cigarettes.
The study participants were essentially distributed evenly between boys and girls and were majority Hispanic with parents who had not graduated from college, the researchers wrote. Though their sample size was small, the researchers said, it had a high rate of retention and a detailed assessment of smoking and vaping intensity.
In the six-month follow-up, teenagers who used e-cigarettes with higher concentration levels of nicotine were more likely to report an increased frequency of vaping and greater levels of smoking cigarettes, the study found.
“Use of electronic cigarettes with higher nicotine concentrations may contribute to the progression to smoking and vaping at higher levels of frequency and intensity among youths,” the study concludes.
However, the researchers noted limitations in their study, including that the data were self-reported and not objectively verified.
Mr. Leventhal, director of USC's Health, Emotion and Addiction Laboratory at the Keck School of Medicine, said there is little definitive research on e-cigarettes' effects on the health of adults — and even less on the health of teenagers.
In an accompanying “patient page” in JAMA Pediatrics, Dr. Megan Moreno, program director of the University of Washington Department of Pediatrics, advises parents to be aware of campaigns targeting youths with e-cigarettes, particularly as the “vape juice” is developed in flavors such as bubble gum and peach.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Entertainment Geekly is a weekly column that examines pop culture through a geek lens and simultaneously examines contemporary geek culture through a pop lens. So many lenses! Sometimes we'll look back at an essential part of the last twenty-five years of geek history. Today: A comic strip about a boy and his tiger.
I don't think we love Calvin and Hobbes enough, and I'm trying to figure out whether I'm crazy for thinking that or if everyone else is crazy for not realizing that. I do know that saying “Calvin and Hobbes is underrated” is the equivalent of arguing that Meryl Streep deserves more Oscars, or that Breaking Bad didn't get enough respect. Bill Watterson published the comic strip from 1985 through 1995, and during that time it became so popular that he was allowed to colonize half a page of every Sunday newspaper in the nation — a move that initially smacked of hubris but produced some of the greatest artwork in the history of the newspaper comic strip.
Of course, Watterson also came in at the end: The idea of the Newspaper Comic Strip as a popular form is a remnant of an earlier era. It's possible that even at its peak popularity, Calvin and Hobbes was experienced less on the cartoon page and more in a series of lavishly adorned book-sized collections. This, at least, is how I remember the strip entering my life: In quickly tattered copies of Yukon Ho! and Weirdos From Another Planet! and Scientific Progress Goes “Boink” and Attack of the Deranged Mutant Killer Monster Snow Goons, one of the best titles in the history of naming things.
I was thinking about Calvin and Hobbes this week for two reasons. First, because it's Polar Vortex month in New York City. I grew up in California, so my only real experience of Serious Winter came from Calvin and Hobbes. (I can vividly remember feeling disappointed the first time I tried to build a snowman and realized it was surprisingly hard to build a snowman bowling alley.) Second, because I recorded a podcast Wednesday about Rick and Morty and Adventure Time, two very different animated shows on a roughly equivalent wavelength. Both shows star a lead duo with roughly equivalent personalities: A dangerously fearless explorer and a more careful straight man. Both shows freely explore the far-flung reaches of imagination, in worlds that can veer between deep science-fiction and cheesy fantasy.
Both shows feel a little like Calvin and Hobbes (and, I should note, have plenty of other influences they wear proudly on their sleeve). In fact, a lot of things feel a little like Calvin and Hobbes. But the comic strip form has changed since 1995. You could argue that it has expanded in several different directions — that the internet has given artists the ability to go far beyond the limits of the four-panel daily strip. But as with so many other media, the evolution of the comic strip has also meant a decentralization of the audience. The craziest thing about Calvin and Hobbes is that it was artistic, philosophical, filled with prickly characters, and shot through with the very personal belief system of its utterly unique creator — and this was hugely popular.
And yet, you sometimes get the sense that Calvin and Hobbes‘ cultural footprint is shrinking. I realize that this is purely anecdotal, but I also think it's true. There's a sizable part of the internet that runs on nostalgia laser-focused on the late '80s and early '90s — Disney princesses, TGIF, the idea that Full House was watchable, the idea that Jared Leto ever wasn't annoying — but Calvin and Hobbes seems to occupy a weird nether region, neither popular enough nor stupid enough to lend itself to our modern meme-generation culture. Last year somebody did a “gritty reboot” of Calvin and Hobbes, and I find the vast majority of gritty reboots of non-gritty things to be absolutely hilarious. This one just lay there.
Part of the problem, I think, is that Calvin and Hobbes was ahead of its time. Watterson's key creative idea to turn the strip into a running portrait of Calvin's imagination meant that some of the strip's best moments already were hilariously gritty reboots, fan fiction, the basic outline of Calvin's life constantly being reappropriated by its own creator. Spaceman Spiff, Tracer Bullet, Stupendous Man: any one of Calvin's alternate personalities could have been comic strips unto themselves.
But by the same token, the strip doesn't lend itself to ready simplification. As the strip went on, Watterson often focused much of his attention on the gorgeous Sunday strips, but for me, the real bread and butter of Calvin and Hobbes were the dialogue-heavy weekday strips. The characters talked a lot, often about the things that interested Watterson. There's a great run of strips from late February 1990 where Calvin decides that he's not making snowmen, he's making snow art. Here's a sampling of words that appear in those strips: Transience, Evanescence, Abstraction, “Corporeal Likeness,” Representationalism, Oeuvre, Monochromatic. The whole thing feels like a jab at self-important artists, a possible self-critique of Watterson's own ambitions, and an inquisition into just what the hell “art” is supposed to be.
This is all heavy stuff that probably went over all of our heads when we were young; rereading the scripts now, the density of ideas is remarkable. This is also the comic strip that frequently spent Sundays with the characters just sledding down a hill, chatting about like life or something.
Still, Peanuts was plenty philosophical, and it still occupies a central role in American culture, if only because each holiday season brings a replay of A Charlie Brown Christmas. Which brings up the other central weirdness of Calvin and Hobbes: It's a popular work whose popularity entirely derived from the work itself. Watterson famously refused to create lots of Calvin merchandise, an idea that already seemed bold in 1990 and seems positively unthinkable today. Although a great fan of animation, Watterson never let the strip get turned into an animated series. Calvin and Hobbes is just Calvin and Hobbes. And for what it's worth, it's not like Watterson refused the licensing because of some anti-corporate ideology or a fear of selling out: As he explained in 2005, he just felt like merchandising violated the spirit of the strip. It was a distraction he didn't want.
We're deep into the era of franchises that crisscross media and last for decades; many of those franchises turn out very well indeed. But there's something weird and personal about Calvin and Hobbes that you rarely experience in popular culture today. It's something that came entirely from one person's head; and in a way, it's a strip about being inside of your head, about imagination and anxiety and the sense that you are always learning an unhelpful lesson from a confusing universe. I wonder sometimes if the reason we don't talk enough about Calvin and Hobbes is that we all feel weirdly too much like Calvin, living inside fantasy worlds, talking to imaginary friends.
But it's wrong to describe Calvin and Hobbes as a series of concepts. To do so would render the strip into an intimidating and impenetrable fog. (Title of my dissertation: The Dynamics of Interbeing and Monological Imperatives in Calvin and Hobbes.) Probably better to say that Calvin and Hobbes both defined its time and yet floated above it. Read it today and it hasn't aged a day; read it today, and tell me you wouldn't drop everything to play Calvinball just once.
MEXICO CITY: Confrontation with the United States is so central to Mexican history there's an institution dedicated to the trauma. It's called the Museum of Interventions.
Remember the Alamo? They do here — as the prelude to a string of defeats, invasions and territorial losses that left Mexico wounded and diminished, its national identity forged by grievance.
The museum is housed in a former convent where Mexican troops were overrun by US soldiers in the 1847 Battle of Churubusco. And for most of the three decades since the museum opened, its faded battle flags seemed like the stuff of buried history, an anachronism in an age of galloping North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) integration.
But President Donald Trump's wall-building, great-again nationalism is reviving the old Mexican version, too. His characterisation of tougher border enforcement and immigration raids as “a military operation” hit the nerve that runs through this legacy, undermining his aides' trip to Mexico City this week and the message that relations with the United States remain strong.
Instead, the public outrage at Trump has sunk those relations to their lowest point in decades. It has inspired a campaign to boycott US chains such as Starbucks and buy “Made in Mexico” products. Protesters marched in a dozen cities this month, carrying grotesque effigies of the American president. And Trump's taunts have buoyed the poll numbers of 2018 presidential contender Andrés Manuel López Obrador, the left-wing populist Mexicans see as the figure most likely to fight back.
For Mexicans, the problem is not merely the wall. They know their country is poorer, more violent and less law-abiding than the United States. If Trump had announced plans for tougher border security, many Mexicans would have understood, even as they criticised him.
But when they hear Trump boasting he will make Mexico pay for the wall, and the wild cheering in response, they interpret it as an unmistakable attempt to humiliate them. It is American nationalism at Mexico's expense, and it stings in a deep, atavistic way, like a childhood bully coming back to beat you up again.
‘Defensive nationalism'
“I'm proud of Mexico, and I love my country,” said Sergio Pacheco, 56, a mechanic who works for American Airlines. “He can have his wall if he'll give us our territory back.”
Pacheco was touring the Museum of Interventions for the first time. There were giant 1840s maps showing Mexico's borders reaching into the Pacific Northwest.
President James K. Polk wanted that land. Mexico wasn't selling, and fighting broke out. The United States declared war in 1846.
US troops sailed down from New Orleans a year later, then marched up the old conquistadors' trail and brought Mexico to its knees. They stayed a year, forcing the country to sign away half its territory.
Later came the occupation of Veracruz by the US Navy in 1914, and the 1916 invasion by thousands of US soldiers chasing Francisco “Pancho” Villa, the prototypical “bad hombre”, who had raided the border town of Columbus, New Mexico.
The result of these encounters, according to Mexican historian Lorenzo Meyer, is that the two countries developed vastly different forms of nationalism. Mexico's is a “defensive” one, he said, steeped in a sense of injustice and indignity, unlike the more belligerent northern version, of American exceptionalism and militarised Manifest Destiny.
Pacheco never thought about this history much. But the diplomatic clashes of the past few weeks have left him “shocked”. He is a fan of American music and movies and the Super Bowl. For most of his lifetime, the two countries have been steadily growing closer.
“We've always looked up to the United States,” he said. “Now, after all this time, we're realising that you don't really like us.”
President Enrique Peña Nieto has mostly tried to accommodate the new reality, challenging Trump's proposals in restrained, diplomatic language. He has offered a more forceful response only when he felt he had no choice, such as when he cancelled a trip to Washington after Trump tweeted that the Mexican leader should stay home if he wouldn't pay for the wall.
Mexicans, too, are divided about what to do. This month, protesters held two marches in the capital. Both were anti-Trump, but one was also a demonstration against the deeply unpopular Peña Nieto, whom organisers view as a Trump-enabler. Others, including tycoon Carlos Slim, are calling on Mexicans to close ranks behind their president, because the whole country is under attack.
An irony of the spat with Peña Nieto is that he has already paid a steep political cost for enacting controversial energy changes favoured by American companies. He has opened Mexican oil and gas development to greater foreign investment, but that has only led to higher prices for angry Mexican consumers and lower poll numbers for him.
The last time the country was so open to US investment, during the Gilded Age dictatorship of General Porfirio Diaz, Mexican resentment of the government boiled over into revolution. The country eventually adopted steep tariffs that limited trade for decades.
Mexican President Lazaro Cardenas nationalised the holdings of Standard Oil and other foreign companies in 1938, infuriating the firms but delighting Mexicans. In a show of patriotism, thousands of Mexican women came to a central square in Mexico City offering money, wedding rings and livestock to pay back the companies back.
Rights like US
“I grew up in a country where you were taught in obligatory history textbooks that the United States was the enemy, the country that stole half our land and the country of the ‘Ugly American',” said Denise Dresser, a prominent Mexican political scientist whose father was a US citizen.
She helped organise the march this month that was also against Peña Nieto and his Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), which ruled the country from 1929 to 2000 and cast itself as the heroic defender of Mexican dignity.
Mexico was a relatively closed, insular society for most of those years, but as more and more Mexicans came into contact with the world through television and mass migration to the United States, nationalism was transformed.
Mexican workers returning home also broke down the old divisions. “They brought back a view of the United States as a tolerant, upwardly mobile place, and began to demand rights back home that they saw in the United States,” Dresser said.
“That created a virtuous cycle, and a new sense of identity constructed not in opposition to the US, but in favour of North America,” she said.
But in Trump's taunts many Mexicans hear confirmation of their deep-seated suspicion that Americans still don't value and respect them.
Mexicans baffled by Trump's claims
Trump's comments are forcing a re-examination of Mexico's relationship with the United States, from its intricate commercial and industrial ties to deepening cooperation with US law enforcement. New legislation in Mexico's senate would halt imports of American corn, which have grown from $390 million to $2.4 billion annually since the advent of Nafta, in 1994.
Nafta is not the natural, default setting of US-Mexico relations. It is an attempt to transcend the mistrust and bitterness of the past.
The agreement took an aspirational view of US-Mexico ties. It recognised the two countries were significantly different. But it treated Mexico essentially as an equal partner, along with Canada, in creating a prosperous, democratic and collaborative place called “North America,” quieting the sceptics who insisted Mexico didn't belong there.
Since Nafta took effect, annual US-Mexico commerce has increased from $80 billion to $550 billion. And as trade barriers fell, Mexico's defensive nationalism did, too.
But as American factory jobs moved south, Nafta dealt a blow to the latent notions of US nationalism built on postwar-era industrial pride.
Trump's “America First” worldview restores the idea of industrial products as vessels of patriotism. But it has left Mexicans baffled by the claim their country is taking advantage of the United States through Nafta. Mexican workers earn a small fraction of what their American counterparts make, and the trade partnership is overwhelmingly driven by US-based Fortune 500 companies. Mexican cities have filled with US chain stores and restaurants, not the other way around.
In the chants of “Build the Wall!,” Antonio Garza, a former US ambassador to Mexico, sees the return of the “animal spirits” that once soured relations between the two countries. But Garza, who served from 2002 to 2009 under President George W. Bush and now works as an attorney in Mexico City, said he's seen something different in the resurgent nationalism on Mexico's streets.
This time, it has a singular focus. “It's directed at Trump,” he said, “not the United States.”
—By arrangement with The Washington Post
Published in Dawn, February 27th, 2017
Why does being active matter?
We all know that being physically active is good for our bodies. But our physical health and mental health are closely linked – so physical activity can be very beneficial for our mental health and wellbeing too.
Lots of us don't get enough exercise to stay healthy, but physical activity is particularly important if you have a mental health problem. This is because people with mental health problems are more likely to:
have a poor diet
smoke or drink too much alcohol
be overweight or obese (this can be a side effect of taking medication)
So if you have a mental health problem, the health benefits of becoming more physically active are even more significant.
How mental health impacts on physical conditions Having a mental health problem can put us at even higher risk of developing serious physical health problems than other people. Those of us with a mental health problem are: twice as likely to die from heart disease
four times as likely to die from respiratory disease
on average, likely to die between 10 and 17 years earlier than the general population, if we have schizophrenia or bipolar disorder (this may be due to a number of factors including suicide, poor diet, exercise and social conditions. People may also be slower at seeking help , while doctors can sometimes fail to spot physical health problems in people with severe mental health problems) If you have a long-term physical health condition it can also put you at risk of developing a mental health problem such as anxiety or depression. For some people, the impact on your mental health could become more of a problem than the physical condition itself. Exercise programmes and other treatments like cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) and mindfulness have been shown to improve anxiety and depression, and quality of life for people with chronic illnesses.
What does being physically active mean?
We all have different reasons for being active. The types of activity we do usually falls under these headings:
Physical activity . This can describe anything we do that involves moving our bodies.
. This can describe anything we do that involves moving our bodies. Exercise . Any physical activity could be considered exercise, but when we talk about doing exercise we usually mean activities we do deliberately for fitness or training, rather than something that's part of our daily routine.
. Any physical activity could be considered exercise, but when we talk about doing exercise we usually mean activities we do deliberately for fitness or training, rather than something that's part of our daily routine. Sport. Sport usually refers to physical activities we do on our own or in a team for competition or fun. People working in the sport and leisure industries use the word in its broadest sense, including activities such as tennis, athletics, swimming, keep-fit or Zumba classes. Some sports such as snooker or darts are more about skill than any physical exertion (Sport England, the national body responsible for increasing access to sport, has an extensive list of sports on its website).
Disability sport and inclusive sport You might consider your mental health problem to be a disability, or you might not. If you are disabled, you might be even less likely to do any sport as a physical activity – only 1 in 6 disabled people play a sport regularly compared to 1 in 3 non-disabled people. But many of the bodies that oversee particular sports (for example The Football Association or Lawn Tennis Association) provide tailored opportunities for disabled people to enjoy sport, whatever your level of ability. This includes people with mental health problems.
Quick tips for being more active
Watch our video for five ways to get moving and feel better.
The French word une chose literally means "thing" and is also used in many idiomatic expressions. Learn how to say above all, at best, to take bad news well, and more with this list of expressions with chose.
la chose en question
the matter at hand
la chose imprimée
printed word
la chose jugée (law)
final decision, res judicata
la chose publique (politics)
nation, state
avant toute chose
above all else
peu de chose
not much, very little
toutes choses égales
all things being equal, all things considered
C'est bien peu de chose. It's nothing really.
C'est une chose admise que...
It's a known/accepted fact that...
C'est la chose à ne pas faire.
That's the one thing not to do.
C'est chose faite.
It's done.
Ce n'est pas chose aisée de...
It's not easy to...
Ce n'est pas chose facile de...
It's not easy to...
Chose curieuse, il...
Curiously enough, he...
La chose est d'importance.
It's a matter of some importance.
Chose étrange, il...
Strangely, he...
Chose promise, chose due. (proverb)
Promises are made to be kept.
De deux choses l'une : soit ..., soit ....
There are two possibilities: either ..., or ....
(Infinitive) est une chose, (infinitive) en est une autre.
(Doing something) is one thing, (doing something) is another.
Il n'y a pa une seule chose vraie là-dedans.
There isn't a single word of truth in it.
Il va vous expliquer la chose.
He'll tell you all about it, He'll explain it to you.
Je viens de penser à une chose.
I just thought of something.
Tu lui diras / Vous lui direz bien des choses de ma part.
Give him my regards.
Voilà une bonne chose de faite.
That's one thing done / out of the way.
être la chose de quelqu'un
to be someone's plaything
être porté sur la chose (informal)
to have a one-track mind
être tout chose
to feel a little strange, out of sorts, under the weather
prendre bien la chose
to take it (e.g., bad news) well
se sentir tout chose
to feel a little strange, out of sorts, under the weather
les choses
things
Au point où en sont les choses
The way things are at the moment.
Ce sont des choses qui arrivent.
It's just one of those things, These things happen.
C'est dans l'ordre des choses.
It's in the nature/order of things.
Les choses se sont passées ainsi.
It happened like this.
Les choses vont mal.
Things are going badly.
Dans l'état actuel des choses
As matters/things stand right now
En mettant les choses au mieux.
At best.
En mettant les choses au pire.
At worst.
Mettons les choses au point.
Let's get things straight/clear.
par la force des choses
by force of circumstance, inevitably
avoir un tas de choses à faire
to have a ton/bunch of things to do
faire bien les choses
to do things well/properly
faire de grandes choses
to do great things
ne pas faire les choses à demi/moitié
to do things well, (UK) to not do things by halves
parler de choses et d'autres
to talk about this and that
prendre les choses à cœur
to take things to heart
regarder les choses en face
to face up to things
le chose (informal)
thingie, contraption
quelque chose
something
quelque chose de (bizarre, intéressant...)
something (strange, interesting...)
Monsieur Chose
Mr. What's-his-name
Eh ! Chose !
Hey, you!
Family schedules prom, other bucket list items for toddler with cancer Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Video
LONDON OH (WCMH) - Two-year-old Shiann Lockhart has been fighting for her life since the day she was born. The London toddler was born with a heart defect on September 25, 2013.
"I didn't have any issues with my pregnancy," said Cora Lockhart, Shiann's mother. "She was about 5 hours old and they took her back to the nursery to get her all cleaned up and do her tests. And she coded."
Five weeks after, Shiann received a heart transplant. She was discharged from Nationwide Children's Hospital 2 weeks later and lived a healthy life for more than year.
But viruses and a diagnosis of Infantile Spasm Epilepsy have plagued Shiann's short life.
"She had really good summer last year. She started eating and was growing," said Cora.
But in January, Shiann got really sick.
"We took her to the hospital and we thought it was normal viruses," said Cora. "Turns out she got mono, which is the EVV virus. In transplant patients, if you don't catch it soon enough, it turns into what's known as PTLD (Post-transplant Lymphoproliferative Disorder) Lymphoma."
The disease is rare, found in 2 percent of transplant patients. Cora and husband Troy agreed to chemotherapy, but Shiann almost died. So after a round and half, the family decided to quit.
"She has cancer in her brain as well as her whole body so we decided enough was enough. She has been through too much in her short little life to have to deal with any more," said Cora. "So we made the decision to bring her home on hospice and let her live out the rest of her time here on earth happy and peaceful."
Shiann Lockhart Shiann and her brother (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann as a baby (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann as a baby (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann as a baby (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann the day of her baptism (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann the day of her baptism (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann camping (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann and her family (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann as an infant (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann as an infant (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann playing (Courtesy Lockhart family) Shiann (Courtesy Lockhart family)
Two days ago, Cora and her sister-in-law came up with the idea of creating a "bucket list" for Shiann. They set up a Facebook page for family and friends. Since then, the list has grown to almost 100 ideas.
"I think the two biggest things that we want to do is probably her prom because we are going to miss that," said Cora. "And have her like a wedding, so daddy can walk her down the aisle."
Troy Lockhart said they can't waste time mourning their daughter. They want to cherish the time they have left.
"We just have to be happy," said Troy. "We are proud of what we have. Our time has been short. We just have to be strong for her."
The family has scheduled Shiann's prom for June 25 at the West Jefferson Hurt-Battelle Memorial Library. It's located at 270 Lilly Chapel Road in West Jefferson.
Swede sorrow: Fribourg police keep a wistful eye on the confiscated car (Kantonspolizei, Fribourg)
A driver who hit headlines around the world for getting clocked in Switzerland at 290km/h (180mph) faces a world record fine of a million francs.
swissinfo.ch looks at the laws and limits on Swiss motorways – arguably the safest in Europe – and talks to the owner of a Porsche about his need for speed.
“A study from the European Transport Safety Council [conducted in 2006, see link] tested all European motorways, and those in Switzerland were the safest,” Thomas Rohrbach, spokesman for the Federal Roads Office, told swissinfo.ch.
The survey found that in Switzerland the number of people killed on motorways decreased by a record 15 per cent a year on average between 2001 and 2006, from 71 to 31.
The authors said this could be down to speed enforcement on motorways becoming a high priority, with the implementation of new speed cameras and increased police checks. In addition, road safety became a big issue in the media during that period.
Rohrbach also thought the 120km/h speed limit played a role.
Swiss safety
Speed limits were only introduced to Swiss motorways in 1973, when the oil crisis saw a temporary limit imposed of 100km/h – as it did in Germany. But whereas the following year Germany lifted the limit, in Switzerland it was raised to 130km/h.
In 1985 this was reduced on a trial basis to 120km/h, which was challenged by pro-130ers in a national referendum in 1989. They lost.
Rohrbach said the lower speed limit resulted in not necessarily fewer accidents but certainly less serious accidents. “Most accidents happen in towns, and the worst are out of towns but not on motorways.”
He added that other important factors were road tunnel safety and the cars themselves.”People are now surviving accidents that 20 years ago they wouldn't have,” he said.
“Maybe a big difference between Swiss motorways and say German and French ones is that we don't have long stretches, it's more local bypasses. Eighty per cent of traffic on Swiss motorways is local traffic, travelling for 15-25 kilometres.”
“Dodgy speedometer”
But all this progress will be lost on the 37-year-old Swede who last week was flashed in canton Vaud exceeding the speed limit by some 170km/h.
His Mercedes SLS AMG – the same make as the safety car at Formula One races – was eventually caught by a new generation speed camera on the A12 between Bern and Lausanne having evaded a number of radars incapable of clocking speeds above 200km/h.
“He needed over half a kilometre to come to a halt,” said Benoît Dumas, spokesman for Fribourg police.
After being formally identified and questioned, he was allowed to leave – minus his car. His excuse was that “the speedometer must have been on the blink”.
A local mechanic told Le Matin newspaper he wasn't surprised the speedometer wasn't working. “He obviously disconnected it. It's an old trick! You can then fool the buyer into believing the car's been delivered by a truck fresh from the factory.”
According to Le Matin, the car was set to be sold in Germany the same day its driver was stopped.
Gumball
In Switzerland – perhaps surprising for a country that is normally rich-friendly – speeding fines take into account the motorist's income as well as the speed.
The Swede is now facing the maximum possible penalty of 300 days of fines at SFr3,600 a day – a total of SFr1,080,000 ($1.02 million).
“There are fines for speeding and there are fines for speeding,” Rohrbach said. “There are normal fines of maybe SFr40 or SFr120 if you're slightly over the limit – there'll be no further consequences and it doesn't matter if you're a millionaire or you have no money. But this guy was going 170km/h too fast. This is a really serious violation of road safety laws and is treated like a crime.”
While this would be the highest speeding fine in the world, the Swede would have been left in the dust of the Koenigsegg CCX that was busted in Texas in 2003 reportedly going a record 390km/h in a 120km/h zone during the San Francisco to Miami Gumball 3000 Rally.
Rohrbach said illegal Gumball Rallies – also known as Cannonball Runs – are rarely a problem in Switzerland.
“A couple of years ago police stopped some Cannonballers in Zurich and on alpine roads in Graubünden and it's the same procedure: the cars are confiscated until the fines are paid. But European police have a very good information network, so if [racers] start in say Britain and take the ferry to France, five minutes later the continental police know about it. They then just have to wait to catch them.”
Need for speed
Wanting to get into the mindset of a boy racer – but unable to track down the Swede – swissinfo.ch spoke to the owner of a Porsche Boxster, which has a top speed of 270km/h.
The fortysomething male – who for legal reasons had better remain anonymous – lives in Switzerland and admits to having hit 250km/h, quite legally, in Germany – “the car seemed quite stable at that speed, though it did take a long time to slow down”.
Had he ever broken the speed limit on Swiss motorways? “Yes, though seldom, for a very short time only, and never faster than 160. I'd venture that a majority of Swiss motorway drivers have, at some time, done over 120. I suspect that a lot of the I-never-exceed-120 brigade routinely exceed 50 in towns. In my opinion that's much more dangerous.”
And how hard is it resisting the temptation to go fast when the car clearly wants to?
“I admit it is hard at times. Speed is certainly exhilarating and possibly addictive. Why else would roller coasters be so popular?”
He also admits that there have been a couple of times when he's gone much too fast on quiet roads “just because I can”.
“Afterwards I've realised that I could have faced a big fine if I'd been caught. But again, this has happened more than once. I'd like to think it won't happen again, but there's a suggestion that I'm not completely in control of my need for speed...”
Thomas Stephens, swissinfo.ch
Swiss motorways A short stretch of motorway around the Lucerne area in 1955 created Switzerland's first motorway. For Expo 1964, a motorway was built between Lausanne and Geneva. The Bern-Lenzburg route was inaugurated in 1967.
The Swiss motorway network has a total length of 1,765 km (as of 2008) and, in an area of 41,290 km2, is one of the highest motorway densities in the world.
Every ninth kilometre of motorway runs through a tunnel.
In 2008 the average daily traffic volume on Swiss motorways was almost six million vehicles. There were 519 cars per 1,000 inhabitants.
33,238 drivers lost their licences for speeding in 2008. end of infobox
Accidents According to the Swiss Council for Accident Prevention, 357 people were killed in Swiss road accidents in 2008, and another 25,556 were injured.
Of those, it's believed that 147 deaths and 5,069 cases of injury were the result of speeding. 1,109 victims were severely injured. end of infobox
Speed limits Town/road outside built-up areas/motorway (in km/h)
Switzerland: 50/80/120
Germany: 50/100/no limit
France: 50/90/130 (depends on rain)
Italy: 50/90-110/130
Britain: 32-48/64-113/80-113
US: 24-89/64-121/89-129 end of infobox
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
The White House has defended its decision to award the highest civilian honour in the United States to former president Mary Robinson.
President Barack Obama named Mrs Robinson as a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom last week.
However, some Jewish groups have criticised the move over her stance on Israel.
US pro-Israeli lobby group the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) expressed concern at the award.
"Mary Robinson, who was one of the people responsible for the 2001 Durban conference against racism descending into an anti-Israel propaganda forum, is not an appropriate recipient for one of our nation's highest honors", the Committee said in a statement issued yesterday.
"In fact, awarding the Medal of Freedom to Mary Robinson does great dishonor to the many outstanding men and women who have received it in the past," the coalition said in a statement.
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Mrs Robinson was being recognised because she was a prominent advocate for women's rights in Ireland and around the world.
Mr Gibbs said she had made statements that President Barack Obama did not agree with, but that was likely to be the case with a number of the 16 people he planned to recognise for their lifetime achievements.
Last week, the White House praised Mrs Robinson's contribution to human rights rights at home and internationally.
"Mary Robinson was the first female President of Ireland (1990 – 1997) and a former United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (1997 – 2002), a post that required her to end her presidency four months early. Robinson served as a prominent member of the Irish Senate prior to her election as President," The White House said in its citation.
"She continues to bring attention to international issues as Honorary President of Oxfam International, and Chairs the Board of Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunizations (GAVI Alliance). Since 2002 she has been President of Realizing Rights: The Ethical Globalization Initiative, based in New York, which is an organization she founded to make human rights the compass which charts a course for globalization that is fair, just and benefits all", it concluded.
Mr Obama will award the medals at the White House on August 12th.
NEW YORK—Acknowledging that the referee's original ruling represented a grave miscarriage of justice, NHL commissioner Gary Bettman issued an official pardon Thursday to former Detroit Red Wings center Steve Yzerman for his 1997 slashing penalty against the Phoenix Coyotes. “Today's decision to clear Mr. Yzerman of any wrongdoing in this incident is an important reminder that while our league's penalty system is not perfect, it is never too late to correct our mistakes,” Bettman said during a press conference, adding that Yzerman's exoneration was prompted by the discovery of new video evidence confirming that the 10-time All-Star never actually struck Coyotes left winger Keith Tkachuk's stick in the second period of the January 9, 1997 regular-season game. “While Mr. Yzerman will never get back the two minutes he served in the penalty box, we can amend the record to reflect his innocence and restore his good name. It is my sincere hope that this will finally begin the healing process for him and his loved ones.” League sources confirmed, however, that Bettman plans to deny former Montreal Canadiens center Jean Beliveau a posthumous pardon for a controversial 1970 tripping incident despite a widespread petition started by the deceased Hall of Famer's family.
Advertisement
Some Canadians are snubbing expensive fruits and vegetables, instead turning to frozen produce and juice as less-pricey alternatives, a new survey by researchers from two universities has found.
Soaring produce prices have been a hot topic recently. Fresh vegetable costs rose 11.7 per cent and fresh fruit prices increased 11 per cent year-over-year in April, according to Statistics Canada's most recent consumer price index report.
Researchers from the University of Guelph's food institute and Dalhousie University surveyed more than 1,000 adults in Canada between May 12 and 24 to determine if these rising prices have changed consumer grocery shopping behaviours.
The polling industry's professional body, the Marketing Research and Intelligence Association, says online surveys cannot be assigned a margin of error because they do not randomly sample the population.
The results suggest low-income households, less-educated folks and young people are more vulnerable to produce's ongoing price volatility, said Sylvain Charlebois, the dean of the faculty of management at Dalhousie University in Halifax, N.S., and one of the report's authors.
About one-quarter of respondents said they ate fewer fruits and vegetables over the past 12 months. Respondents with low incomes and lower education levels were more likely to have taken this measure than their wealthier counterparts, Charlebois said.
Slightly more than two-thirds of respondents said they passed on purchasing specific high-cost produce.
About half of respondents opted not to purchase cauliflower at some point over the past year. Several months ago, cauliflower prices soared toward double digits a head thanks to a sliding loonie and drought in California. Some restaurateurs showcasing the cruciferous vegetable hiked prices or pulled the items from their menus.
More than 15 per cent of respondents also admitted to avoiding broccoli, lettuce, oranges and apples. Apples, for example, jumped 23.4 per cent in price from April 2015 to last April, according to Statistics Canada.
Tomatoes, cucumbers, bananas and carrots were snubbed in smaller numbers.
Shoppers opt for frozen
Many respondents — about 45 per cent — also considered buying or purchased frozen produce as a way to reduce their total grocery bill. Fewer of them — about 17 per cent — did the same with juice.
These cost-cutting measures may be something consumers will continue to do as produce prices don't show any signs of easing.
In the University of Guelph's 2016 food price report, Charlebois predicts this year's food inflation will outpace general inflation with vegetables increasing in price by two to four per cent and fruits by 2.5 to 4.5 per cent.
It's hard to say exactly how produce prices will play out in the future, he said, but produce price increases are unlikely to go away.
"Because of climate change, we are expecting vegetable and fruit prices to become much more volatile than they have ever been in recent decades," he said.
A Thai truck driver who knocked down and killed a British couple on a round-the-world cycling trip was fined just £18, it has emerged.
Vorawong Sangkawat admitted at a provisional court causing the deaths of Peter Root and Mary Thompson by negligence.
According to Thai police, he bent down to pick up his hat and his Toyota pick-up veered from his lane into the hard shoulder where Mr Root and Ms Thompson were cycling.
While the offence can carry a ten-year jail term, the 25-year-old was handed a suspended two-year sentence and fined 1,000 baht (£18) after showing remorse, pleading guilty and because of his previous good character.
Details of his sentence emerged at an inquest in Guernsey into the deaths of Mr Root and Ms Thompson.
A post-mortem examination showed the couple, both 34, suffered severe head injuries consistent with a road traffic accident.
The inquest had been delayed over difficulties in obtaining details of the driver's prosecution.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Eventually, officials discovered Sangkawat had appeared in Chacheungsao provisional court in December. Mr Root and Ms Thompson left Guernsey in July 2011 and pedalled through Europe, the Middle East and China before reaching Thailand – their 23rd country.
Judge Philip Robey heard artist Mr Root and Ms Thompson had cycled through danger hotspots, such as Iran and Afghanistan, during their trip.
But they died in the collision in Phanom Sarakham district, east of Bangkok, on February 12 last year.
Judge Robey recorded a verdict of accidental death at the inquest last week.
A top White House official on Sunday said the stepped up arrests of illegal immigrants charged with multiple crimes will lead to a safer America.
Stephen Miller, the president's policy director, said, "the cases that I'm familiar with...have to do with removing criminal aliens, individuals who have criminal charges or convictions against them. And that's what's been taking place all across the country. And the effect of that is going to be saving many American lives, American property and American safety.
Critics of the raids by Immigration and Customs Enforcement have focused on the few arrests of illegal immigrants who don't also have criminal records or charges beyond their being in the United States unlawfully.
But Miller, an ally and former aide to Attorney General Jeff Sessions who also takes a critical view of illegal immigration, said the focus has been on outlaw immigrants. And, he added, tackling the problem of having 3 million to 4 million with criminal records in the United States is a no-brainer.
"The bottom line is this: in the calculation between open borders and saving American lives, it is the easiest choice we will ever have to make," he said on Face the Nation.
President Trump ran on a promise to crackdown on illegal immigrants especially those with additional criminal records, and he congratulated Miller's TV appearance on Twitter.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
Over in the opinion pages of The New York Times today you will find an unintentionally hilarious piece by Stephen Forbes, Larry Kudlow, Arthur B. Laffer, and Stephen Moore, the co-founders of the equally hilariously named Committee to Unleash Prosperity, who advised Donald Trump's campaign on economic policy. If the name of their organization didn't give it away, the four men are the type of Republicans who display large-scale oil paintings of Ronald Reagan in their living rooms and think there was no better time in American history than the years between 1981 and 1989. They're happy, of course, that a real-estate tycoon won the election, but lately, they're feeling pretty frustrated that Trump hasn't scrapped everything else on his presidential to-do list and made tax reform his top priority. Why are Trump and Republicans “making tax reform so hard?” the quartet wants to know, not acknowledging that tax reform is hard. But, luckily, they have a solution that they're confident would make old the Gipper proud: use the plan they wrote last year and get it through Congress A.S.A.P. What's left to think about?
First, cut the federal corporate and small-business highest tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent, which is now one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world.
Second, allow businesses to immediately deduct the full cost of their capital purchases. Full expensing of new factories, equipment, and machinery will jump-start business investment, which since 2000 has grown at only one-third the rate recorded from 1950 to 2000.
Third, impose a low tax on the repatriation of foreign profits brought back to the United States. This could attract more than $2 trillion to these shores, raising billions for the Treasury Department while creating new jobs and adding to the United States' gross domestic product.
Simple. To win over Democrats, the men suggest Trump throw in some infrastructure spending and “emphasize that business tax relief is not a sellout to corporations but a boon for middle-class workers,” wink-wink. Trump and the G.O.P. should also scrap the proposed border-adjustment tax (“a poison pill for the tax plan”) and drop any ludicrous pretensions about imposing a carbon tax (reportedly supported by known Communist Gary Cohn). The president, writes Forbes, Kudlow, Laffer, and Moore, “should demand that Congress sends him a jobs bill this summer that he can sign into law on August 13, 2017.” The significance of that date? It's “the day President Reagan signed his historic tax cut in 1981 at his beloved Ranch del Cielo in Santa Barbara, California.” You can almost hear them wiping away the tears.
We're less than two months away until the start of EDC Week 2014 and the list of events continues to grow. Mandalay Bay which hosts Daylight Beachclub and Light Nightclub announced their events today and will feature Carl Cox, Nicky Romero, Alesso, Sandro Silva, Krewella, GTA and two nights to still be announced.
There are already a number of other events, view our EDC Week 2014 Calendar.
Tickets are on sale now and at the lowest price. If these are of interest buy before they increase!
Weds June 18 – Nicky Romero – Light Nightclub [Buy Tickets]
Thurs June 19 – Nicky Romero – Daylight Beachclub [Buy Tickets]
ThursJune 19 – Carl Cox – Light Nightclub [Buy Tickets]
Friday June 20 – Alessso and Sandro Silva – Light Nightclub [Buy Tickets]
FridayJune 20 – GTA – Daylight Beachclub [Buy Tickets]
Saturday June 21 – Alesso and Sandro Silva – Daylight [Buy Tickets]
Saturday June 21 – Special Guest – Light Nightclub [Buy Tickets]
Sunday June 22 – Special Guest – Eclipse Daylight at Night [Buy Tickets]
Sunday June 22 – Krewella – Daylight Beachclub [Buy Tickets]
And yes, they do have tickets on sale for special guest nights. It's Vegas, gamble that it'll be great if you aren't going to the festival!
MURRAY — A longtime convenience store clerk who was shot during a robbery last week died early Monday as a result of his injuries.
"He's more than just a clerk to us. He's more than an employee. He's my dad's good friend. And he's a brother to all of us," Jimmy Lee said in tears Monday.
"He just treated everyone with so much respect," said Lee, the son of the owner of Lee Mart, 5909 S. 700 West. "We just can't deal right now. It's just really hard on all of us."
Lee confirmed that David Marsh, 62, died just after midnight Monday, five days after being shot.
On Wednesday, customers walked into the convenience store shortly after it opened at 6 a.m. and found the friendly, well-known clerk on the floor behind the counter with a gunshot wound to his upper torso.
Store surveillance video collected by Murray police showed two men wearing black hooded sweatshirts with red bandanas over their faces rushing into the store at 5:37 a.m. Marsh is seen on the video scrambling as he opens the cash register.
After the men had received an undisclosed amount of cash and were leaving, Marsh threw the empty register tray toward one of the two men. One gunman responded by turning and shooting Marsh.
Marsh was initially able to communicate with the people who found him. He had been in critical condition since arriving at the hospital.
Family friend Elisa Bowers, who was asked by the Marsh family to serve as their spokeswoman, said his condition never changed once he got to the hospital. She said they talked to him, and although he couldn't talk back, the family believes he knew they were there.
This was the most traumatic thing that I ever went through, and I know his family ever went through. There's not even words to describe the heartbreak that we're all going through right now. He was a wonderful, wonderful human being, a wonderful man. He brought a smile to anybody's face who met him. He just had more love than anybody I've ever met my entire life. –Family friend Elisa Bowers
"He was definitely there with us. And he's definitely here with us now," she said.
Bowers said Marsh's family is devastated.
"This was the most traumatic thing that I ever went through, and I know his family ever went through. There's not even words to describe the heartbreak that we're all going through right now. He was a wonderful, wonderful human being, a wonderful man. He brought a smile to anybody's face who met him. He just had more love than anybody I've ever met my entire life," she said.
But Bowers said she was also "infuriated" over how unnecessary the shooting was, noting that the attackers could have just left the store after getting their money.
Marsh had worked at the convenience store for 25 years. Many of his longtime regular customers were devastated to hear Monday that Marsh had died.
"He's just been a pleasure to see in the morning. No matter what kind of mood or day you were having, if you came in here Dave would always make you smile no matter what was going on in your life," said Aney Carroll in tears. "I don't know what's going through my mind right now, I just feel for David."
Carroll said she has been going to Lee Mart for 14 years, several times a day, and Marsh always cheered her up.
Lee Mart was closed Monday in honor of Marsh. Lee said even before his family bought the store, he and his friends would go to the convenience store after school and buy snacks while Marsh worked.
"So sad. He was just the nicest guy you would ever meet. And he set the best example for everybody. He's the greatest guy. It's just so hard," Lee said.
Marsh also stayed involved in local politics. A West Valley City councilman told the Deseret News that Marsh often wrote letters to council members about certain issues. Recently, he sent a letter to the city talking about his support for the West Valley Police Department and law enforcement in general.
Marsh also reportedly ran for a seat in the state Legislature many years ago.
Donations to help with medical and funeral expenses were being taken at Lee Mart and U.S. Bank.
The search continued Monday for the two suspects in Marsh's death. Anyone with information is asked to call police at 801-840-4000.
Contributing: Paul Nelson, Sandra Yi, Ashley Kewish
*KSL.com has not verified the accuracy of the information provided with respect to the account nor does KSL.com assure that the monies deposited to the account will be applied for the benefit of the persons named as beneficiaries. If you are considering a deposit to the account you should consult your own advisors and otherwise proceed at your own risk.
×
Photos
Related Stories
The mere whiff of war appears to have tripped a switch in many Indian newsrooms.
Some have decided that it is their job to attack the enemy by referring to India's neighbour as "terror state Pakistan" – even if the Indian government has yet to make such a decision.
Others decided to give their nightly news panels a military infusion. This meant that evening news shows that were already bellicose about everything from a BBC documentary on crimes against women in India to Pakistani actors now included the sort of military advice that doesn't flinch from calling for all-out war, including the nuclear option, as this Newslaundry mashup made evident.
Play
India Today went even further, actually building a little diorama for its anchors to stand around and play with while imagining what war actually looks like.
.@gauravcsawant walks us through the representative sand model of terrain where our bravehearts are battling against Pak sponsored terror pic.twitter.com/DL9ceujYPH — India Today (@IndiaToday) October 5, 2016
If you press the yellow button on your remote, it launches several nuclear weapons at Lahore. pic.twitter.com/wIeF4Oxt18 — Shashank Joshi (@shashj) October 5, 2016
CNN-News18 broadcast a story where its reporter impersonated a Pakistani police officer for the sake of getting evidence about the surgical strikes – attacks last week by the Indian Army on terror launchpads along the Line of Control that it claims caused "significant casualties" to militants.
The Indian government, beyond a statement by the Indian Army, has itself not put out evidence regarding the strikes, yet the word of a police officer from the across the border was taken as conclusive proof of the incidents. (There was no word as to how the Indian media or government might react if Pakistani journalists impersonated Indian police officers in pursuit of a story).
In between all of this CNN-News18 and TimesNow had little border skirmishes of their own.
And as always, TimesNow's Arnab Goswami took the cake. Not content with turning his guns on a) the Pakistani army, b) the Pakistani government, c) Pakistani actors, d) Pakistani pigeons, e) Indians who support Pakistani actors and d) Indians who don't agree with him, Goswami managed to find a new target: the foreign media.
Wow wow wow. 👍👍👍 Arnab pic.twitter.com/NOtFDLrQSG — Tajinder Pal S Bagga (@TajinderBagga) October 6, 2016
When a panelist pointed out that foreign media were questioning whether India's surgical strikes even happened, Goswami decided that he ought to target the messenger.
"Who the hell is CNN and BBC? Is the Indian Army accountable to CNN and BBC? I haven't heard anything more ridiculous.” Later, he even added a more specific critique of these organisations, calling one CNN report on doubts about the surgical strikes, “childish, amateurish, poorly scripted, horribly presented".
Elsewhere within the Times Group, a slightly different note was being struck.
By supporting Pak artists v come out stronger globally.we get known as a liberal&peaceful nation.We isolate Pak even more among pak citizens — Vineet jain (@vineetjaintimes) October 6, 2016
Jain is the Managing Director of the Times of India Group, which owns Arnab Goswami's TimesNow, and this difference in lines is actually the most interesting of the various media war room developments.
The company has, time and again, insisted that it is "federal in structure", allowing different arms of the group to take different views, and yet the vehemence of Goswami's commentary still makes the contrast in editorial lines rather remarkable.
To illustrate, here's Goswami's take on boycotting Pakistani stars.
"Can you have business as usual with Pakistan when they have opened their fangs, killed our soldiers and bled our fellow citizens day after day every year for 25 years? Can you wine and dine on the seminar circuit and expect these five-star armchair activists to change the way the IS thinks? Is this lobby that preaches people-to-people contact – I don't know what that means – not aware that it is exactly these so-called people-to-people contact that makes us looks soft and compromised?"
The next night it got even more vehement.
"What would Salman Khan and the pro-Pakistani lobby say to the families of the 19 soldiers? ... At the least he and the pro-Pakistani star lobby should realise it is not being human to turn a blind eye to Hafiz Saeed, it's not being human to therefore indirectly endorse the activities of Syed Salahuddin and that holding an Indian visa does not give any Pakistani a right to pretend to be mute when our soldiers are being killed on the border day-after-day."
The leeway the Times Group gives to its employees really is remarkable in a country where few are free to criticise their bosses. Indeed, the independence afforded to the TimesNow's newsroom to take its own line – even if that means calling the group's MD a member of a hypocritical, five-star armchair activist lobby – is something journalists everywhere should applaud, even if they're not clapping about anything else Goswami says.
Pictured: CBO director Doug Elmendorf just analyzing the heck out of some budgets.
Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images
The Congressional Budget Office's latest projection says the Affordable Care Act is on track to cost $109 billion less than previously anticipated. (Other headlines on this story say $104 billion, but that's the number for the period from 2015 to 2024; the CBO report also revises projections for this year downward by $5 billion. If we've somehow misinterpreted this, please correct us via outraged tweets at @slatest.) From Jonathan Cohn at The New Republic:
Why this latest change? It doesn't appear to be because the law will reach fewer people. CBO now expects slightly more people to end up with health insurance, at least over the long run. The CBO's primary explanation for lower costs is that health insurance premiums on the new exchanges—what the administration calls “marketplaces”—are lower than CBO had originally expected they would be.
There is one potential hangup for ACA boosters in the report, Cohn writes.
The plans on the marketplaces are cheaper because they limit beneficiaries to fewer doctors and hospitals, while controlling their access to treatments and medications. Insurers have used the techniques for a long time, going back at least to the 1980s. That's “managed care.” But insurers appear to be using them much more aggressively in the new marketplace plans, on the theory that most people will pick policies based on price rather than access. The change has not gone over well with many people, particularly those whose old policies lacked such restrictions. And in at least a few cases, these restrictions are bound to create real hardship for people with serious medical problems who need access to particular medications or specialists.
The law is expected to cover 26 million Americans who would otherwise not have had insurance by 2014.
Any parent who has taught a child to ride a bike knows how it feels to go from controlling the situation to trusting the situation.
One moment, everybody is safe. Dad has one grip on the handlebar and the other on the seat. But riding a bike later in life is much better when Pops aren't hanging on for dear life at 3 mph. So there is a time to let go and realize that skinned knees are part of the risk-and-reward development process.
That's where the Vikings coaching staff is with quarterback Teddy Bridgewater. The coaches trust that he will ride his bike consistently well one day. He might even pop wheelies and do backflips. But first, there are going to be times like Thursday night, when he's going along very well but makes a mistake and ends up on the ground in a twisted heap.
The postmortem on Thursday night's 23-20 loss at Arizona seemed to be fixated on who was to blame for the Vikings' last offensive play. With 13 seconds left and no timeouts, the Vikings' options were to attempt a 48-yard field goal on third down or trust Bridgewater to run one more quick play.
The coaches had every reason to trust Bridgewater. None more obvious than the play they had just run with 18 seconds left.
“Actually, the play before was a very similar play,” coach Mike Zimmer said. “We tried to get the ball to the sideline and it wasn't there, and he threw it out of bounds. It took five seconds.”
That was Zimmer and offensive coordinator Norv Turner letting go of the bike. That's what coaches should do when they face a 48-yard field goal with time for one more play and a quarterback with whom they're developing trust.
Bridgewater failed to execute. He hesitated for a split second and was stripped of the ball.
The bike tipped over and the youngster toppled. But before we deport the young man, let's also examine how he fought back from the team's lifeless 38-7 loss to Seattle four days earlier to put the injury-riddled Vikings in this position in the closing seconds of a road game against one of the NFL's best teams.
Let's take a look at what Bridgewater did on third downs leading up to that final snap. He completed eight of nine passes for 99 yards, six first downs and a game-tying fourth-quarter touchdown. Here is a closer look at those plays:
• First quarter, third-and-2 from the Vikings 28: Against a six-man rush, Bridgewater quickly sees no one covering Matt Asiata, dumps the ball off and the Vikings gain 22 yards while answering Arizona's game-opening field goal with a touchdown drive.
• First quarter, third-and-9 from the Vikings 24: A conservative receiver screen against a blitz isn't blocked well and gains only 6 yards.
• Second quarter, third-and-5 from the Arizona 30: The protection breaks down against a four-man rush. Bridgewater steps up in the pocket, ad-libs with a shovel toss to Jerick McKinnon and the Vikings gain 8 yards.
• Second quarter, third-and-2 from the Vikings 28: A beautiful pass thrown on time in the right flat is caught by Kyle Rudolph. Safety Tony Jefferson plays the ball and whiffs, allowing Rudolph to turn and gain 17 yards.
• Third quarter, third-and-6 from the Vikings' 33: Against a five-man rush, Bridgewater looks right, sees the receiver covered and turns and fires to Rudolph on a crossing route that gains 8 yards.
• Third quarter, third-and-12 from the Vikings 18: One of the more poorly blocked plays results in the pass protection breaking down against a three-man rush. Under pressure and looking at eight defenders in coverage, Bridgewater has no choice but to check down to Asiata, who gains only 8 yards.
• Fourth quarter, third-and-10 from the Arizona 36: A safety blitz off the blind side that Asiata doesn't block well enough leads to Bridgewater throwing the ball away.
• Fourth quarter, third-and-9 from the Arizona 47: A delayed blitz sends six defenders after Bridgewater. He quickly notices the extra rushers leave Mike Wallace uncovered with room to run. A short throw over the middle turns into a 23-yard gain.
• Fourth quarter, third-and-goal from the Arizona 7: A seven-man rush forces Bridgewater to drift farther back, but his eyes stay on his targets. He turns quickly to Wallace, who is crossing right to left into the open. An easy pitch-and-catch touchdown makes the Cardinals pay for their all-out blitz.
So young Theodore has shown he can ride the bike. How consistently well and for how long? Who knows? But there's evidence and eight wins to suggest he's pedaling in the right direction, even if he still wipes out occasionally.
Scott's article GUIDED BY THE BEAUTY OF OUR WEAPONS is going viral.
He writes:
Yet I have the opposite impression. Somehow a sharply polarized country went through a historically divisive election with essentially no debate taking place.
As shown below, going as far back as 100 years, with the exception of FDR (everyone was united in support of the war effort) and Reagan (an exceptionally talented and inspiring candidate who beat some exceptionally uninspiring opponents), the electorate has pretty much always been evenly divided, give or take 10%:
Anyone in the 90′s who listened to Rush Limbaugh or Fox News knows that politics was as divided then as it is now. In 1993 it was ‘Hillarycare'; now it's ‘Trumpcare'. It only seems more divisive now because social media puts a megaphone to everything.
What about debate and facts? There is probably a deeper philosophical implication in his post, but it doesn't matter. People will believe what they want to believe. Some, probably only the minority, are motivated by facts and logic [1]; most are motivated by emotion, signaling, beliefs (idealism and rationalism) and tribalism. People vote red/blue because that's what they are accustomed to doing, habituated and instilled by parents and peers. We rationalize why the other side is ‘bad' and why our side is ‘good'. To quote Scott Adams, we create ‘mental movies' where we're the star and the script is a recitation of our preexisting beliefs. Not to sound too holier than thou, that's fine, if you truly believe your opinion is the ‘correct one', and preferably if you have some empirical evidence and reason to support it.
But with the exception of the hard sciences, it's nearly impossible to have a ‘correct' opinion, or even a ‘correct' fact. This is especially problematic in the social sciences, such as economics, as well as climate science and measuring the efficacy of gun control laws. For example, I can have an opinion that raising the minimum wage hurts economic growth and raises unemployment, backed by studies, but someone else can counter that my opinion is wrong, citing his own studies, but also that the studies that I cite, which I take for granted as ‘facts', are wrong due to methodological errors. And this goes back and forth, with each side citing their own facts and countering the other's, and no one is any closer to understanding or resolution.
Does that mean we give up on opinions? No, because some opinions are truly ‘better' than others (Newton's opinion on gravity being a particularly ‘good' one, backed by a multitude of empirical evidence). But in many instances, there is no resolution and engaging in debate is unproductive, regardless of how ‘correct' your opinion is or may be (as Newton probably realized when he tried to explain the concept of an ‘inverse square law' to others). That's why debating politics is mostly a waste of time: even if your opinion is as ‘correct' as Newtonian gravity, your opponent is unlikely to yield, and even so, is it worth the effort.
This part also stood out, in which Scott praises the civility and courteousness of Trump supporters who commented on his blog:
This was also the response I got when I tried to make an anti-Trump case on this blog. I don't think there were any sudden conversions, but here were some of the positive comments I got from Trump supporters: — “This is a compelling case, but I'm still torn.” — “This contains the most convincing arguments for a Clinton presidency I have ever seen. But, perhaps also unsurprisingly, while it did manage to shift some of my views, it did not succeed in convincing me to change my bottom line.” — “This article is perhaps the best argument I have seen yet for Hillary. I found myself nodding along with many of the arguments, after this morning swearing that there was nothing that could make me consider voting for Hillary…the problem in the end was that it wasn't enough.” — “The first coherent article I've read justifying voting for Clinton. I don't agree with your analysis of the dollar “value” of a vote, but other than that, something to think about.” — “Well I don't like Clinton at all, and I found this essay reasonable enough. The argument from continuity is probably the best one for voting Clinton if you don't particularly love any of her policies or her as a person. Trump is a wild card, I must admit.” — As an orthodox Catholic, you would probably classify me as part of your conservative audience…I certainly concur with both the variance arguments and that he's not conservative by policy, life, or temperament, and I will remain open to hearing what you have to say on the topic through November. — “I've only come around to the ‘hold your nose and vote Trump' camp the past month or so…I won't say [you] didn't make me squirm, but I'm holding fast to my decision.”
and also this part:
Another SSC story. I keep trying to keep “culture war”-style political arguments from overrunning the blog and subreddit, and every time I add restrictions a bunch of people complain that this is the only place they can go for that. Think about this for a second. A heavily polarized country of three hundred million people, split pretty evenly into two sides and obsessed with politics, blessed with the strongest free speech laws in the world, and people are complaining that I can't change my comment policy because this one small blog is the only place they know where they can debate people from the other side.
The appeal of Slate Star Codex, as I discuss in Intellectual Solvent Part 1, is that it's an island ‘evolved' discourse and nuance in a sea of emotive low-information discourse. As the passages above show, the ‘high-IQ right', although they disagree with Scott on the choice of candidate and policy, find common ground in rejection of low-information discourse (shared narratives). Both the ‘high-IQ left' and the ‘high-IQ right' agree that purveyors of ‘low information' make their respective sides look tribalistic and uninformed. Scott is thinking ‘BLM and SJWs are making Hillary look like a sympathizer of domestic terrorism, radical feminism, and Communism', and smart Trump supporters are thinking ‘Fox News, Limbaugh, and Ann Coulter are making us look like buffoons'.
If you genuinely believe that facts and logic don't work on people, you shouldn't be writing articles with potential solutions. You should be jettisoning everything you believe and entering a state of pure Cartesian doubt, where you try to rederive everything from cogito ergo sum.
This part was confusing. As a side note, cogito ergo sum (I think therefore I am) means that if one can conceive thoughts, they exist, which is related to Cartesian dualism and the mind-body problem of ontology. It's not really applicable to politics and debate, which is related to epistemology. What Scott is probably referring to is the tendency of some to rationalize certain beliefs as being true, regardless of opposing empirical evidence. For example, someone can insist that Obamacare is a success, and I can show empirical evidence (such as rising premiums and cancellations) that it's not, but if someone wants to rationalize (in their mind) that Obamacare works, no amount of empirical evidence will matter.
[1] appeals to ‘facts and logic' are often synonyms for materialism and empiricism, in contrast to idealism and rationalism. Not all materialism is ‘bad'–HBD, for example, is a materialistic concept.
Senran Kagura: Peach Beach Splash has been released recently in the west, but Marvelous Entertainment and Honey Parade games have quite a few titles in the works for the series.
In order to learn more about them, DualShockers sat down with Producer Kenichiro Takaki, who talked about a wide variety of topics, from upcoming titles to broader aspirations for the future.
First of all, we chatted about Honey Parade Games. They're still part of the Marvelous group, but Takaki-san wanted to give his staff a unique identity, so he decided to create something new. Takaki-san normally focuses on a single console for each of his games, as he himself is a big fan of consoles, so he wanted to focus on the specific features of each of them.
Speaking of Senran Kagura Burst Re:Newal, Takaki-san explained that it's a remake, and also a renewal of the original game for 3DS, and then there is the fact that “nyu” means “boobs” in Japanese. The game changed from 2D to 3D action-style, and its mechanics have been completely overhauled, so it's going to be pretty much a fully different game. It'll also feel more aggressive.
About the recently-teased Senran Kagura 7even, it's going to take some time before the game is revealed. We're going to get Burst Re: Newal, ShinobiRefle and then Peach Ball: Senran Kagura. 7even will come at some time after that.
With two games coming being developed for Nintendo Switch, we asked Takaki-san to talk more about it. He really likes the HD Rumble system, as it's completely different from typical vibration. It was really challenging to create something that fits it, but it'll be a completely new feeling when players try it out.
The team is still working on it, so Takaki-san can't say that the feature is complete, but it's going to be very fitting to the fanservice included in the series, so fans will probably like it. Interestingly, Takaki-san mentioned that at the beginning ShinobiRefle is a pure romantic story like similar to Tokimeki Memorial. As you play further into the game, the usual Senran Kagura fanservice flavor surfaces.
About Peach Ball: Senran Kagura, Takaki-san can't share much yet, but the plan is to have the Senran Kagura girls lay down on the pinball table and have the ball bounce off certain key areas on their bodies. It's going to be a full-fledged game, unlike ShinobiRefle, which is a smaller title created to showcase what the team can do with Nintendo's console.
Since the games are on Switch, Takaki-san mentioned that in the past Nintendo was a bit against the idea of fanservice, but as the partnership on Senran Kagura progressed and the series started selling, now they're just like “Go Takaki! Let's do it!” Of course, he was talking about the Japanese branch of the company, and Takaki-san doesn't know if the same goes for Nintendo of America. Luckily nowadays the Switch is region free.
Takaki-san would also like to do more crossovers like the appearance of Marie-Rose and Honoka from Dead or Alive in Senran Kagura: Peach Beach Splash. There are many fascinating and pretty characters that he'd like to include in his games. As an example, we brought up The King of Fighters‘ Mai Shiranui, and Takaki-san confirmed that he'd love to have her.
After having explored multiple genres, Takaki-san would like to develop a dodgeball game next. Another genre he would love to work on is 2D fighting games. Again, we asked him if he'd like to collaborate with Arc System Works as an example, and he seemed quite appreciative of the idea. For that kind of game, he sees PC and PS4 as ideal platforms, and he'd also like to work on Xbox One.
Speaking of Microsoft's console, it isn't really popular in Japan, so it has been left aside for the moment, but it's becoming more popular worldwide, and the same can be said for the Senran Kagura series, so Takaki-san would like to try releasing a game on Xbox One at some point.
For the moment the series is popular mostly in Japan, but Takaki-san feels that western fans are really passionate about it. At E3 he had a fan meet and greet, and certainly, there were many guys, but he was surprised by seeing many ladies as well. He was also happy to see the enthusiasm of both male and female fans.
Asked whether meeting so many ladies among the fans inspired him to make games that would be more attractive to a female audience, Takaki-san mentioned that he would like to try something like that. Yet, he still doesn't fully understand what female fans want, so he wants to investigate on what they're looking for in a game first. He wouldn't want to start such a project before he completely understands what the female audience.
Funnily, he also brought up an April Fool from 2012, for which Marvelous revealed a game titled Kagura: Aoaki no Shonentachi, featuring male versions of the original Senran Kagura characters. Since then, the female members of the development team have been asking Takaki-san about doing something like that.
Interestingly, during our chat, we learned that there are many women working in Takaki-san's development team, and SENRAN KAGURA promotions team lead, Yumi Mori is also a lady. We actually met her as well and asked her how she feels about working on the Senran Kagura series.
Mori-san actually doesn't know why she was chosen for the role because she used to think that a guy might have been more suitable. Yet, then she understood that her insight on the female point of view was actually useful. She isn't against anything that appears in the games, and she is able to provide lots of ideas for them.
Speaking of the difference in timing between Japanese and western releases, Takaki-san explained that the team would like to share the games with the western fans without delays, and they have been trying to make the launches as close as possible. That being said, it's not easy.
He would certainly like to release the upcoming Switch games ShinobiRefle and Peach Ball in North America, even if he doesn't know what Nintendo of America will think about that just yet. Especially the pinball game is something that has a good chance to click with customers in the western market, so that could be a good chance. Pinball actually isn't that popular in Japan, but Takaki-san likes it, and as usual, he wants to create something he loves.
Moving on to Senran Kagura 7even, it's going to be a continuation of the story after Peach Beach Splash. We can expect to see the changes and evolution for some of the characters hinted in the third-person-shooter extend into the new game, which is going to be more serious and dramatic. Estival Versus and Peach Beach Splash had a lighter tone, but 7even is going to be more similar to Shinovi Versus instead.
While 7even is going to be released for PS4 at first, Takaki-san would like to launch it on PC as well. This is something he would love to do for more titles from now on, including Peach Beach Splash itself. He would like to do release PBS on Xbox One as well, but the team is pretty small, and they do everything by themselves, so, for now, it's going to be difficult.
The game's nature as a third-person shooter would probably make Peach Beach Splash rather suitable for the Xbox fanbase, but Takaki-san mentioned that Microsoft might be a bit strict when it comes to sexy content. At our mention of the fact that the house of Xbox allowed the release of Conan Exiles, which includes full nudity in Europe and partial in North America, he explained that there could be differences in how realistic content is viewed, as opposed to anime-like. That being said, Takaki-san did not engage in serious talks with Microsoft on the topic just yet.
Speaking of platforms, we asked Takaki-san about his personal preference between PS4 and Switch, and he threw us a curve ball bringing up the PS Vita, as it's portable, with good specs and connectivity. When we mentioned that the Switch could fit those parameters as well, he explained that it's slightly too big for his taste in terms of being a handheld platform. Funnily, he often tells Sony that he would like a successor to the PS Vita.
About the mobile game Senran Kagura New Link, Takaki-san confirmed it is the first in the series which has JRPG elements and also has a gacha system. He feels mobile games have incredible capabilities of portraying stunning 3D characters and wanted to create something that would allow more people to get a feel of the Senran Kagura series— in the hope that they would then move on to the actual console games. That being said, he'd also like to release New Link in the west. He thinks that fans of the series would be pleased since the graphics are really nice.
Considering that Honey Parade Games has been working on several titles at the same time, Takaki-san revealed that the team has been expanded slightly as of late, but not too much. Interestingly, he teased that there are actually going to be more game reveals in 2018, created by the team and a different new producer. Next year will be “really exciting.”
Unfortunately, Takaki-san could not share more information about that, but he wants to continue making more and more games. He feels that it's important to keep going non-stop. That being said, the studio is done with big announcements for this year, and they will need to work on the games already showcased in 2017 before moving on to new things.
Last, but not least, he extended a message to gamers about to play Senran Kagura: Peach Beach Splash. He saw a lot of western fans embracing the Senran Kagura series, and the third-person shooter genre is really popular in the west. Water guns may be unusual, but he feels that they were implemented in a fun way, so he hopes that everyone will enjoy the game.
If you want to read more about Senran Kagura: Peach Beach Splash, you can check out our full review. The next game of the series with an announced release date for Japan is Senran Kagura Burst Re:Newal, launching on February 22nd, 2018 exclusively for PS4.
Dalrymple's order signed Monday, Nov. 28, states that people camping in areas near the Cannonball River are ordered to leave immediately and take their possessions with them. The order comes three days after the Corps told the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe it would close the Corps-managed land north of the Cannonball River on Dec. 5.
The governor's order, which will stay in effect until rescinded, applies to Corps lands where the agency has not permitted camping, said governor spokesman Jeff Zent. However, the state does not have plans to remove people from the site, Zent said.
“We're not going to go in and make arrests and forcibly remove everybody that's on that site,” Zent said. “We fully expect the federal government to take the lead on the management of their property.”
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe Chairman Dave Archambault II said late Monday the most dangerous thing would be to “force well-situated campers from their shelters and into the cold.”
“This state executive order is a menacing action meant to cause fear, and is a blatant attempt by the state and local officials to usurp and circumvent federal authority,” Archambault said in a statement.
Dalrymple's order, issued as Morton County was getting hit with a winter storm, states that emergency services will likely not be available to people who continue to camp in violation of the order.
“Any person who chooses to enter, re-enter, or stay in the evacuation does so at their own risk, and assumes any and all corresponding liabilities for their unlawful presence and occupation of the evacuation area,” the order states. A winter storm warning is in effect for the area through Wednesday evening, with heavy snow expected to accumulate to 8 to 13 inches in central North Dakota. Morton County is expected to have winds reaching up to 25 miles per hour on Tuesday, according to the National Weather Service.
Emergency services would only be provided to the area on a case-by-case basis as approved by the Morton County sheriff or superintendent of the North Dakota Highway Patrol, the order says. Zent noted that while the Corps manages the lands, the state and local authorities are the ones with responsibility for emergency services.
Angela Bibens, an attorney who is leading a legal collective at the camp, said during a press conference late Monday that she does not believe the governor has jurisdiction on Corps-managed land. Bibens called the governor's order a “misuse of emergency declarations to justify an armed invasion of peaceful encampment” and said the collective will take legal action if any force is imposed on the camps. Other protest organizers who participated in the press conference said they're not leaving the camp.
“Our strength is in our unity,” said Kandi Mossett, an organizer with the Indigenous Environmental Network and member of the Three Affiliated Tribes in western North Dakota. “We're not going to be going anywhere, especially in the middle of a blizzard in North Dakota.”
The governor's office did not coordinate the emergency evacuation order with the Corps, Zent said. On Sunday, the Corps said it would not forcibly remove people who continue camping north of the Cannonball River after Dec. 5, but activists who choose to stay do so at their own risk. The agency also cited concerns about winter weather and availability of emergency services.
The Corps said it is “seeking a peaceful and orderly transition to a safer location” as it closes the federally managed land that pipeline protesters refer to as the Oceti Sakowin camp. The Corps is encouraging people to move to an area south of the Cannonball River designated as a “free speech zone.”
“In this area, jurisdiction for police, fire, and medical response is better-defined since it is located inside of the Reservation boundary making it a more sustainable area for visitors to endure the harsh North Dakota winter,” the agency said in a statement. The Corps also is encouraging people to move to land identified by the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe as a winter camp. The governor's evacuation order would not apply to the “free speech zone” designated by the Corps, Zent said.
Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier said the announcement from the Corps to close the main protest camp on Dec. 5 came as welcome news, but he continues to seek more help from the federal government.
“It was a decision that probably should have been made a while ago,” Kirchmeier said Monday. “We still need the federal assistance and the commitment from the federal government to help resolve this issue that's bigger than just Morton county and the state.”
The Army Corps did not answer questions Monday from Forum News Service seeking clarification on how the closure would be enforced. In a statement, the Corps said those who stay after the land is closed to the public on Dec. 5 will be considered unauthorized and “may be subject to citation under federal, state or local laws.”
Camp organizers told a news conference on Saturday at the main protest site where about 5,000 people are camped that they had no intention of moving. There are smaller camps on land not subject to the planned restrictions. Meanwhile, the state costs to respond to the Dakota Access protests climbed to $11.8 million at the end of last week, said Cecily Fong, spokeswoman for the Department of Emergency Services. The agency will ask to borrow an additional $7 million from the Bank of North Dakota to support law enforcement costs associated with the protests during Wednesday's meeting of the North Dakota Emergency Commission, according to the meeting agenda. That's in addition to the $10 million the commission has already authorized.
Kelcy Warren, CEO of Energy Transfer Partners, the parent company of Dakota Access LLC, has made public statements about reimbursing the state for the costs. However, Zent has said the governor's office has not received such an offer.
Dakota Access said in recent federal court records that delays of the pipeline's completion will cost the company $2.7 million in lost revenue per day after Jan. 1, or $83.3 million per month.
The 1,172-mile project is mostly complete except for the segment planned to run under Lake Oahe, less than half a mile north of Standing Rock. The company is seeking to get a federal judge to intervene after the Corps announced on Nov. 14 that additional discussion with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe is needed before an easement can be issued for the Lake Oahe crossing.
Demonstrators have protested for months against the $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline, saying it poses a threat to water resources and sacred Native American sites. Dakota Access says the pipeline would carry Bakken shale oil more cheaply and safely from North Dakota to Illinois en route to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries.
How Font Awesome 5 Became Kickstarter's Most Funded Software Project
Dave Gandy Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 30, 2016
The Font Awesome 5 Kickstarter raised $1,076,940 with 35,550 backers, making it the most funded and most backed software Kickstarter of all time (and if you haven't seen the video yet, please take a moment to watch just below — we genuinely think you'll get a chuckle out of it).
Font Awesome is an open source project that makes it easy to add vector icons an social logo to your website. With Font Awesome Pro, you'll get 2,500 more icons, an SVG framework, and tons of stretch goal extras!
First, thank you to our backers. We are absolutely blown away by the reception for the Font Awesome 5 Kickstarter. We never expected this kind of success, and we are tremendously grateful for the support.
Along the way, folks have been asking us what we thought contributed to the project's success. This article is our attempt to summarize some of the things we think worked (and a few that didn't).
Pre-Kickstarter
Make something people want. (Thanks, Captain Obvious!)
This is one of Y Combinator's mantras (we're YC S15), and for good reason. If you don't have something that folks need or want to use, you won't get anywhere. It's necessary (but not sufficient).
Several years ago, we made Font Awesome, an open source set of social logos and vector icons for websites. We originally made FA to scratch our own itch when making websites. It turns out that other people find it useful as well, and Font Awesome is on 73 million-ish websites now. And it looks like about 1 in every 3 new website uses Font Awesome. So we already had a sizable audience coming into this, which helps a ton.
Talk to users.
This is another one of YC's excellent pieces of repeated advice. There's no way to know for sure what people want unless you talk to them.
It's still amazing to us how many folks use Font Awesome. But figuring out how to commercialize an open source project is no simple task. We've tried a few things we're really proud of (like Fort Awesome and Font Awesome CDN), but they aren't enough to be sustainable. So we went back to basics: talking to users.
About 6 months ago, we asked Font Awesome visitors to fill out a survey. In a week's time, 6,000 people completed the in-depth, 45-minute survey. We learned about the folks using Font Awesome and how they are using it. In the end, the survey drove home one key take-away for us: our users want more icons.
Folks wanting more icons should have been obvious to us already. We have almost 4,000 open issues on the FA GitHub project, almost all of which are requesting new icons. But explicitly asking made sure we took the hint.
We've also noticed a lot of folks really prefer SVG. Chris Coyier's seminal article Inline SVG vs Icon Fonts [CAGEMATCH] well summarizes the occasional downsides to icon fonts. While we don't agree with all of the conclusions, SVG is definitely the new hotness.
Talking to users helped us form the main premise for the Kickstarter: that people would pay for more icons and a modernized framework using SVG.
Making an Awesome Video
Work with professionals.
Don't do this. Please. Hire a professional if you can.
Your video is the very first thing people see when visiting your project. But Kickstarter videos are tough to make. We should know. A couple of years ago, we launched the Kickstarter for Black Tie, a multi-weight icon set. We wrote, directed, shot, and edited it ourselves. And it shows. The video quality is off, the whole thing had to be overdubbed because we didn't know how to do audio, the background music is just terrible, and I am absurdly awkward on camera. It was bad. In spite of that, the campaign did raise a bit over 200% our goal, which was great. But we learned we needed to work with folks who actually know how to make phenomenal videos.
So we did some research into how much a great Kickstarter video should cost (i.e. Googled “how much does a kickstarter video cost”). To work with a fantastic production company and get the quality we wanted was going to run somewhere around $15k. This sounded like a lot to spend on a video, but we were pretty sure we'd be able to make back our investment. And a great video goes a long way in telling your story — we knew we couldn't tell the Font Awesome story without an awesome video.
After talking with some other YC startups, we found Videopixie (YC S11). Basically, Videopixie has you describe your project and 20–30 professional video production companies will bid for your business. It works fantastically well, and you get some excellent options really quickly. Cannot recommend them highly enough.
Focus on story.
If they talk about their equipment, there's a good chance they don't know it well enough.
We noticed a pattern during the Videopixie bidding process. Basically, any production company talking about their equipment (e.g. “we shoot in 4k!”, “Red camera!”, etc.) didn't actually know how to use it that well. The really amazing production companies were talking about how to tell your unique story, which was precisely what we were looking for. And it was easy enough to verify their technical ability just by watching their recent videos.
After sorting through several bids, we settled on Knox Avenue Films (Vimeo) out of Los Angeles. They have quite the quirky vibe and clearly some serious talent. For us, we knew we wanted something funny and offbeat. (And yes, we absolutely took inspiration from Dollar Shave Club's seminal video!) We wanted something folks would share with their friends. Knox Avenue seemed like a great fit. (After we launched we were told that comedy is VERY risky on Kickstarter. Glad we didn't know that ahead of time!)
The real challenge for our video was how to talk about a software product without resorting to the tried-and-true explainer video. We wanted to do something different and more fun. We went back and forth with Knox Avenue several times on script revisions and tried to inject as much of our personality as we possibily could into the video. The filming process was super fun and super quick! They found this amazing little bakery in Burbank called Half Baked that was absolutely perfect for what we wanted. We spent 12 hours on site, filming at night from 6pm to 6am and had a blast. Then Knox worked their magic editing the whole thing together.
One of the many takes pulling off the flannel shirt. It took more than 12 solid hours to get 2:46 seconds of footage!
We had a really aggressive timelime for the whole video creation process. From posting our project on Videopixie to receiving the final cut took 5 weeks. But a really great video can easily take 8 weeks.
Setting Up & Running the Kickstarter
So now you've got an Awesome video and a product people are going to want. Now what?
Price your product at a ridiculous value.
There are no guarantees with Kickstarter, so folks are going to be skeptical about supporting. You want to make sure those who give you the benefit of the doubt get something for their trust — a super-low price. We originally planned to offer the lowest price only to our earliest backers, but after receiving so much more support than we ever imagined in the first week, we felt that extending the early-backer pricing for the duration of the Kickstarter was the right thing to do. We wanted to share the love with everyone.
Have amazing graphics in your story.
We'll be blunt here. Using Kickstarter's editor to tell your story (the part below the video) is… rough. There are very few options for layout and working with the editor is a constant battle. It'll likely take you a few more days than you expect just for this part alone.
Strangely, the clearest way for us to tell the story was to rely heavily on images, even for text-heavy sections. As accessibility junkies, we absolutely hated doing it. But it was the best choice for us. Thanks to the ridiculously talented Brian Talbot (whom I am lucky to work alongside each day), we were able to use graphics to put together a clean, grokable Kickstarter story. (BTW, Brian plans to open source our templates. It's coming soon, so stay tuned!)
Give substance to your stretch goals.
Managing stretch goals is hard. Like, really hard. So hard that Kickstarter actually recommends against them. Our philosophy for stretch goals has been to give back as much as we can to backers, while also looking for ways to benefit the larger open source community. So every $25k raised funds an icon pack with 40 more icons (10 of which will be open source in Font Awesome Free). And as the project progresses, our backers are getting more and more perks from their original pledge.
But figuring out how to pace the stretch goals and what to give away is especially tricky. We blew through our first set of stretch goals in less than a day. Our second set took a week to finish off. And now our our largest stretch goal (at $1M) gives some really big perks to the open source Font Awesome Free. But this stretch goal has had a few folks who really didn't like it.
The truth is, we think our stretch goals give our backers a great value from their pledges. But it's been hard to strike a balance between giving great value to our backers and also wanting to share the love with the larger open source community.
Also, don't over-commit with your stretch goals. It's all too easy to put yourself in the position of promising things you can't deliver in a reasonable time. Luckily, we have a ridiculously talented team.
Don't feed the trolls.
While 99.999% of the feedback on Font Awesome 5 has been fantastic, we've run into a few folks on Twitter and forums who have been extremely unconstructive in their criticism. One might go so far as to call these folks trolls.
But we've found that on most occasions, someone who first appears to be a troll was just a bit unkind with their wording. Once you talk to them like a person, they do the same. I'd say this happens 80% of the time. These folks aren't really trolls. They're just having a bad day. For dealing with true trolls, it works the best just to be kind and respond positively. If you don't feed them, trolls give up surprisingly quickly.
And believe it or not, trolls are a sign you're onto something. You've upgraded from indifference to dislike (or outright hate). On the internet, sometimes the noise is the signal.
Listen to your backers.
After the Kickstarter begins, you'll start getting feedback from your backers. We've listened to and carefully considered everything folks have told us. Most of our stretch goal ideas came from suggestions that our backers have made. When our backers weren't happy with our $700K stretch goal, we thought about it and agreed with them. So we added to it. While not everything folks are going to suggest will be right for you, it's important to consider all of it.
We feel incredibly indebted to our backer community, not only because of how generously they've invested in our project, but because they've helped make the project better with their feedback and encouragement. We're excited to engage with this community over the coming months as we build Font Awesome 5. (And actually, one of our big stretch goals was to build a community forum where all of our backers can be involved in the development process. We're super stoked about this!)
If we had to do it all over again…
Given the chance to go back in time, there are a few things we might do differently.
Do it sooner. For our business, we knew Font Awesome 5 had a good possibility of being popular (though nowhere near how well it's done). We should have prioritized it more highly, as we weren't yet default alive. Iterate more. We'd recommend writing the script and revising several times, then sitting on it for a bit and considering. And we would have really loved to have an extra week to inject more of our personality into the video. Things like more in-jokes and nerd references. Don't worry about the press during the Kickstarter. We didn't spend a terrible amount of time on this, but a lot of what we did spend didn't help much. And even when an article does hit, the bump isn't significant. Press is a longer-term game, we're told by folks who know this well. Record Travis when he watched the video for the first time. He laughed hysterically the entire time, and after watching he said, “That video just may be the best thing we ever do.” But I think he's wrong. Font Awesome 5 will be better. :)
Thank you, Awesome backers!
Anyway, we're obviously not crazy experts at any of this, but we think we've figured out a couple of things that worked for us. Hopefully it's helpful to other folks with their own project in the works. Please let us know if there's anything else you'd like to hear about the Kickstarter process, and thanks so much for the tremendous support of Font Awesome 5. We can't wait to get started!
Federal Liberal cabinet ministers stickhandled around accusations of breaking election campaign promises on Tuesday, as they were pressed by media and opposition members of Parliament about pipeline projects in Western Canada.
The two major pipelines in play, Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain expansion and the Enbridge Northern Gateway pipeline, both involved meaty promises from Prime Minister Trudeau during the election campaign — first, that he would fix a flawed federal review process for new energy projects, and second, that he would stop Northern Gateway.
But with rumours suggesting that the Enbridge pipeline may yet live, Environment and Climate Change Minister Catherine McKenna declined to give a straight answer on whether the government had changed its mind:
"Transport Minister Garneau is looking at ensuring marine safety, which is really key," she told National Observer after a discussion about climate change with high school students in Vancouver. "The prime minister has also been very clear about Northern Gateway — it's not appropriate that it goes through the Great Bear Rainforest."
Her comments are the latest in a series of cryptic statements from Ottawa that are fueling rumours about the project's future. Last month, Transport Minister Marc Garneau told Bloomberg, "it's premature to say anything” about Northern Gateway, despite Trudeau's promised tanker ban would lay the project to rest for good.
Will Enbridge build around the Great Bear Rainforest?
The Northern Gateway project was already approved along with 209 environmental, financial, and technical conditions. If it meets these conditions, the pipeline would carry up to 525,000 barrels of oil per day between northern Alberta and the deep-water port of Kitimat, B.C.
But Enbridge declined to say whether it could proceed if it needs to change its route to avoid B.C.'s rare temperate coastal Great Bear Rainforest as McKenna suggested.
"Northern Gateway is consulting with First Nation and Métis communities and other stakeholders to chart a path forward for the project," Enbridge told National Observer in a statement. "As part of these ongoing discussions, environmental sustainability is always a priority. Any significant developments on any aspect of the project would be communicated publicly at the appropriate time and done in conjunction with our Aboriginal Equity Partners."
Earlier this month, the company asked for a three-year extension on a clause requiring it to begin construction by December 2016, presumably unable to meet the deadline.
A "smokescreen" on Kinder Morgan
The Enbridge and Kinder Morgan projects have both drawn criticism from Indigenous peoples and other communities due to environmental concerns about leaks as well as the climate change-related impacts of expansion of Alberta's oilsands industry. But both companies have stressed that their projects would be safe and create jobs, while earning local support.
In Ottawa, federal New Democrats challenged the Liberal government, expressing skepticism about its decision to appoint three advisers to review the National Energy Board's (NEB) recommendations on Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain expansion project. The new advisory panel includes Kim Baird, a former chief of the Tsawwassen First Nation, Annette Trimbee, president of the University of Winnipeg, and Tony Penikett, a former Yukon premier.
Video of Liberals and NDP spar on pipeline
Liberals and New Democrats spar in the House of Commons over two British Columbia pipelines. House of Commons Video.
During the election campaign last year, Liberals in pipeline hotspots like Vancouver and Burnaby promised voters they would redo the Kinder Morgan pipeline review, and in the House of Commons on Tuesday, NDP MPs accused the panel move of being a “smokescreen” rather than a real solution to the broken NEB process.
“The Liberals swore on a stack of Bibles to fix the Conservatives' failed environmental assessment process,” said the party's environment critic, Nathan Cullen. "The Kinder Morgan pipeline is exactly the kind of project that needs a serious and credible environmental review.
"This is a Conservative pipeline under a Conservative review process, with just a Liberal fig leaf hiding over top of that fact. So where are all the BC Liberals that promised to do things differently? Will just one BC Liberal stand up today and justify the unjustifiable?”
Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr however, said the three-member panel would spend the next few months “consulting with people up and down the Kinder Morgan line” in both Indigenous and non-Indigenous communities, before the government makes a final decision at the end of 2016.
“We knew… that the process that has been used so far resulted in no pipelines being built to tidewater in 10 years,” Carr explained. “So we then took the decision of changing the process to invite people in, to show them that it has credibility, [and this] will give us a better a chance than that [Conservative plan] did.”
The NEB is set to release its recommendations on the proposed expansion by Friday.
Support for sustainable pipelines
Other major pipelines proposed for Western Canada include the Pacific NorthWest LNG project, which McKenna endorsed on Tuesday, provided it meets federal sustainability requirements. The environment and economy must go hand-in-hand moving forward, she explained, and now is the time to prove it can be done:
"We can move projects forward in a sustainable way assuming that we can get to a solution with some of the concerns we have," she told National Observer. "One of the concerns we have is clearly on the emissions side, so we're looking for the B.C. government, as part of their climate change plan, to demonstrate how it can move forward and meet its own climate change commitments."
Environmentalists have said that any new pipelines in Canada would seriously interfere with Canada's recent endorsement of the 2015 Paris climate accord.
— With files from Mike De Souza
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Kurdistan officials say 2.8 million people voted in favour of independence
An Iraqi federal court has ordered the arrest of Kurdistan officials involved in overseeing a referendum last month on the region's independence.
The arrest warrants, issued by Baghdad's Rusafa investigation court, apply to members of the Kurdistan Region's electoral commission.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi last month demanded the suspension of the controversial vote.
Kurdish leaders later insisted the referendum was legitimate.
On Wednesday, the Rusafa court said "legal measures" would be taken through the office of the public prosecutor against those Kurdistan officials it said were involved in supervising the vote.
A spokesman for the court, Abdulstar Bayraqdar, said the warrants followed a lawsuit filed by the country's National Security Council which argued that the referendum was "contrary to the decision of the high federal court".
Following the vote on 25 September, Kurdish officials said 2.8 million people living in the three provinces that form the Kurdistan Region, as well as "areas of Kurdistan outside the region's administration", had voted in favour of independence.
Kurdish leaders said the "Yes" result provided them with a mandate to start negotiations on secession with the central government in Baghdad and neighbouring countries.
However Mr Abadi has called for the referendum, in which 92% of voters backed secession, to be annulled.
Kurds are the fourth-largest ethnic group in the Middle East but they have never obtained a permanent nation state.
In Iraq, where they make up an estimated 15-20% of the population of 37 million, Kurds faced decades of repression before they acquired autonomy in 1991.
Moments later, the crowd roared as van Rüschen walked over the finish line, seconds ahead of Daniel. He became the first pilot in a powered-exoskeleton suit to win the gold medal at the Cybathlon. Daniel, who presented the exoskeleton technology from Florida-based Institute for Human and Machine Cognition, went home with the silver.
Mark Daniel competing in the powered exoskeleton race. Photo: Arnd Wiegmann, Reuters
Through the day, on Oct. 8th, there were many moments of triumph and tears. Of the 66 competing teams, most machines carried the pilots through the obstacles without a glitch, while some struggled to get past the first leg of the race. Spectators in the soldout stadium leapt out of their seats to support the pilots who won and cheered for those who failed to conquer their obstacles.
"It showed that it's possible to use technology at an event to bring people without disabilities closer [to] people with disabilities," said Robert Riener, the principal organizer of the competition. "It was about starting a conversation, to have awareness about disabilities, to include all people."
The Cybathlon created a space for people to support each other irrespective of their abilities. But the impact went beyond the ambience in the arena. The purpose of the competition was to push the field of bionic-assistive technology to do more for the people who need it. Each obstacle was carefully planned not only to put existing technologies to the test, but to encourage novel ideas.
Powered-wheelchair prototypes were built to roll up a flight of stairs or move across uneven surfaces without getting stuck. Arm prosthetics that can rotate and grip were tested for smaller gestures, such as screwing in a lightbulb or spreading jam on a slice of bread. And a unique brain-computer interface race had teams engineer a way for paraplegic pilots to control an avatar in a computer game through their thoughts alone.
A pilot from South Korea in the brain-computer interface race. Photo: Arnd Wiegmann, Reuters
The event, organized by ETH Zurich, was the first of its kind to invite engineers and developers to bring their technologies to a global stage. In order to host an accident-free competition, the Swiss university planned for thorough tech checks and medical evaluations. While most teams made it past preliminary testing, a few machines failed to meet the technical safety requirements and were disqualified. A handful of pilots also had to be turned away for medical discrepancies.
Michael McClellan, the American pilot slated to represent Team Cleveland's unique implanted-sensor technology in the Functional Electrical Stimulation bike race, had spent the last year training for the Cybathlon. Paralyzed from the waist down, he was eager to compete for the clinical-research team that had enabled him to get back on his feet and ride a bike again. But the medical check in Zurich revealed that he still had some muscle activity in his leg. Minimal as the movement was, it kept him out of the race. Mark Muhn, the team's reserve pilot and McClellan's close friend, who showed no signs of voluntary muscle activity in his lower body during the test was asked to get in the bike for the final race.
The moment was as unexpected for Muhn as it was bittersweet. He had to take his friend's spot, but he had also spent months training for the remote possibility of racing. The next day at the arena, two rounds and 20 laps later, Muhn went on to the win the gold, with his wife and McClellan cheering in the crowd. None of the other 10 teams came close to his time in the race.
"It was about starting a conversation, to have awareness about disabilities, to include all people." - Robert Riener
Throughout the day, unexpected wins rolled in with predictable results. The group from Ossur, a leading Icelandic company that manufactures lower-limb prostheses, entered the leg race with four pilots who were favored to win. Three participants used a variation of the company's commercially available knee technologies, while the fourth, Lukas Kalemba, piloted a prototype of a powered leg built specifically for the event.
Kalemba stumbled on his last obstacle as he carried a bunch of objects up the stairs on a ramp and didn't make it to the finals. But the remaining three Ossur pilots outraced the competition to win all three medals in the powered-leg discipline.
The event showcased the power of commercially established devices, but it was some of the simpler technologies that took a surprising lead. In the arm-prosthetics race, 10 teams covered the spectrum of assistive devices available to amputees today. Powered arms from Touch Bionics, a leading Scottish company that manufactures upper-limb prostheses, and the more experimental implanted prosthesis from Swedish team OPRA were front-runners in the race. But the Dutch pilot from DIPO Power won the gold with a body-powered prosthesis that harnesses the physical strength of the wearer instead of relying fully on a machine.
"What we saw is that it doesn't need to be the most complex technology to do the best performance," says Riener. "We had teams do extremely well with passive devices. It didn't need to be high-tech. It can be more robust and reliable."
The juxtaposition of experimental prototypes from research labs and commercially successful devices from large companies made the Cybathlon a showcase of what's available and what's possible in the field of bionic technologies. The event also pushed both sides to do more for people with disabilities. Exoskeleton companies adjusted their software to make stepping easier for paraplegics and novel sensors were implanted in some of the pilots to create direct communication between their bodies and the machines.
The differences between teams that dominated and those that struggled to make it through also sparked collaborative possibilities.
"A big take-away is that there will be opportunities to develop and create platforms or tools that can support universities in pursuing research in powered prosthetics," said David Langlois, the technical lead from Ossur. "A lot of the other guys we saw don't have corporate support, their resources are limited and development is slow. They're spending a lot of time doing what we already do. I would like to consider how we can share resources so everyone can be more efficient at contributing and moving the field of prosthetics forward."
The state of prosthetic devices already stood apart through the competition. While exoskeletons still looked too bulky and pilots in the FES bike race were visibly exhausted, most of the participants in the leg-prosthetics discipline ran over the obstacles in less than a couple of minutes. "It's a much more mature technology," says Langlois. "It's been available for a long time, a lot of research has been dedicated to it. Other events are more about newer technologies that haven't reached the same level of maturity. It leads to a very different execution of the challenge."
Billy Costello, one of four pilots representing Icelandic team Ossur, competing in the powered leg prosthetics race. Photo: Michael Buholzer/AFP
The selection of obstacles also contributed to the pace of the leg race. The available prostheses, according to Langlois, already enable amputees to walk across different surfaces or carry out everyday tasks like carrying objects across a room. But it's particularly challenging for them to get through a regular work day on the prosthetic leg. Long stretches create a lot of discomfort and even pain for most users.
"Real life is not a one-minute race," says Langlois. "It's a 12-hour day for normal living. It was hard to see the daily life challenges of amputees [on the obstacle course]," he says. "Not that this track was easy or had no value but to level the field to have events that have the same level of difficulty, some adjustments would help bring out the challenges of being a lower leg amputee."
The need for adjustments, however, is not lost on the organizers as they assess the impact of their event. Riener plans to make changes to the tasks -- making some less intensive, others more challenging -- for the next Cybathlon in four years.
"We'll continue to speak with the community to improve the racetracks for daily life challenges," he says. "It's our responsibility to keep this movement going now. We can improve inclusion and have better technologies for people with disabilities. We have the momentum now."
I've never been one to jump on the scales regularly, but it was time to get this fixed. And if I could keep an eye on a few other metrics while I'm at it, so much the better.
Also, since I'm not likely to have a pen or paper with me, I wanted something that would log the results and send them to my iPhone.
I was intrigued by the capabilities of the Withings Body Cardio, so decided to take a chance on it, and I'm pleased I did.
Things I like:
Sleek design
A snap to set up
Measures weight, fat mass, muscle mass, water mass, bone mass, heart rate and arterial health
Rechargeable (12 months between recharges)
Tempered glass top
Easy integration with the Withings app
Multi-user support
Things I don't like
A bit fiddly to initially know where you're supposed to stand for the heart rate and arterial health monitors to work
Overall
Flawless performance over the three months I've been using it!
Price: $179.95
Image caption Police advised drivers to avoid the area after the lorry carrying glue jack-knifed
A road has been closed after a lorry carrying glue jack-knifed, spilling its load over the carriageway.
The crash has closed the A76 Dumfries to Kilmarnock Road at Sanquhar in south west Scotland.
A major clean-up operation is under way and police say the route is expected to be closed for most of the day.
Lengthy diversions are in operation and motorists are being urged to avoid the area. The driver was not hurt.
The glue container burst when the lorry jack-knifed on the road at 05:30, police said.
The incident happened in the town centre and diversions are in place around the affected area in Sanquhar.
Traffic is able to rejoin the A76 either side of the town but the re-routing has caused difficulties for large, industrial vehicles.
A Dumfries and Galloway police spokesman said: "The glue container on the lorry has burst and glue spilling is affecting the road surface.
"Road diversions are being put in place. However, motorists are asked to avoid the area if possible."
A member of police control staff said the road closure is expected to be in place for several hours.
Milwaukee County Supervisor David Bowen, who was sworn into office in 2012, announced Monday he intends to run for the state Assembly seat being vacated by Rep. Sandy Pasch (D-Shorewood). Credit: Rick Wood
SHARE
By of the
First-term Milwaukee County Supervisor David Bowen announced on Monday his Democratic candidacy for the state Assembly seat Rep. Sandy Pasch (D-Shorewood) is leaving at the end of the year.
Bowen, 27, said he wanted to work to help create family supporting jobs, promote quality education and services for children.
"The state needs new leadership," Bowen said. "We are continuing to see attacks from Madison, from Republicans, on Milwaukee."
Bowen was the author of Milwaukee County's "living wage" ordinance, which was approved in February and survived a veto by County Executive Chris Abele. The measure requires a $11.32 minimum wage for county workers and employees who work for some county contractors.
Bowen, a lifelong Milwaukee resident, was elected to the County Board in 2012.
The 10th Assembly District seat he's seeking includes part of Milwaukee's north side and Shorewood.
What the Oscar-winning 2009 documentary “The Cove” did for dolphin slaughter in Japan, “Blackfish” may do for killer whales living in captivity while performing at marine parks.
“Blackfish,” explores what may have caused Tilikum, a 12,000-pound orca, to kill three people, including veteran SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau in 2010.
News of Brancheau's death during a show at SeaWorld in Orlando inspired director Gabriela Cowperthwaite to explore what happened. SeaWorld first claimed that the trainer had slipped and fallen; later, it said Tilikum had been spooked by Brancheau's ponytail.
Related Stories on SeaWorld You Should Read:
The director, who has made documentaries for ESPN, National Geographic, Animal Planet, and the Discovery and History channels, said it took two years to make the film. She procured footage from local and national newscasts, people's personal archives, and through the Freedom of Information Act.
“It was just perseverance when it came to getting footage,” she said in an interview. “I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Once you see that, you can't unsee it. In my mind that gave me my directive. Now that I know the truth, I have to tell the truth. I didn't imagine that I was going to be making this film. I thought I was gonna be making a completely different film about relationships with our animal counterparts. So it was really learning through interviews and stuff and seeing footage.”
Key footage became public after the Occupational Safety and Health Administration took SeaWorld to court and the images became exhibits in the case, she said.
She recruited animal-behavior experts, marine park patrons who witnessed whale attacks during performances and former SeaWorld trainers willing to go on the record.
“Personally, I started learning stuff about the animals I didn't know, and I was working there,” said former SeaWorld orca trainer Samantha Berg.
Tilikum, born in the wild near Iceland in 1983, was captured and sent to a marine park near Vancouver before he was sold to SeaWorld in Orlando. The film shows divers trapping and kidnapping baby whales for shipment to theme parks while their mothers watched and screeched in agony.
The director says she sought comment from SeaWorld, which owns parks in Orlando, San Diego, and San Antonio. But the company declined to appear in “Blackfish.”
Another former SeaWorld orca trainer, Carol Ray, said whale watching is a wonderful way to see these majestic animals up close.
“If you could afford to take a family of four to a SeaWorld Park somewhere around the country, then you can also take your family to a place where you can watch the whales from the shore,” Ray said. “Those are great opportunities for seeing them where they're supposed to be… When I have friends that come to me and say things like, ‘Yeah I really want my kids to see them up close,' (I say), ‘You know your kids love dinosaurs right? They do. They are fascinated by them. They have never seen a dinosaur have they?'”
“Blackfish” opens in Los Angeles and New York on Friday.
Copyright (2013) Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Our mother was the Pussy-cat, our father was the Owl,
And so we're partly little beasts and partly little fowl,
The brothers of our family have feathers and they hoot,
While all the sisters dress in fur and have long tails to boot.
We all believe that little mice,
For food are singularly nice.
Our mother died long years ago. She was a lovely cat
Her tail was 5 feet long, and grey with stripes, but what of that?
In Sila forest on the East of fair Calabria's shore
She tumbled from a lofty tree -- none ever saw her more.
Our owly father long was ill from sorrow and surprise,
But with the feathers of his tail he wiped his weeping eyes.
And in the hollow of a tree in Sila's inmost maze
We made a happy home and there we pass our obvious days. From Reggian Cosenza many owls about us flit
And bring us worldly news for which we do not care a bit.
We watch the sun each morning rise, beyond Tarento's strait;
We go out ------------------ before it gets too late;
And when the evening shades begin to lengthen from the trees
------------------ as sure as bees is bees.
We wander up and down the shore ------------------
Or tumble over head and heels, but never, never more
Can see the far Gromboolian plains ---------------------
Or weep as we could once have wept o'er many a vanished scene:
This is the way our father moans -- he is so very green. Our father still preserves his voice, and when he sees a star
He often sings ------------ to that original guitar.
--------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------
The pot in which our parents took the honey in their boat,
But all the money has been spent, beside the £5 note.
The owls who come and bring us nows are often ------
Because we take no interest in poltix of the day.)
[from The Faber Book of Nonsense Verse, edited by
Geoffrey Grigson; first published in 1938 in
Davidson's Edward Lear.] Read The Owl and the Pussycat
Indiana Pacers forward Luis Scola (4), of Argentina, fights for a rebound with Atlanta Hawks guard Thabo Sefolosha, right, and center Al Horford, during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Wednesday, Jan. 21, 2015, in Atlanta. Atlanta won 110-91. (AP Photo/John Amis) (Photo: John Amis, AP) Story Highlights Pacers at Heat, 7:30 p.m. Friday, FSI
MIAMI – As hard as it is to imagine how a group of professionals can fail mightily in performing the basketball basics, it is the reality of the Indiana Pacers.
While mired in a six-game losing streak, the Pacers can pinpoint their problems to several simple things: taking care of the basketball, remembering particulars from the game plan and then actually executing them.
None of the above happened in the Pacers' most recent game dominated by the Atlanta Hawks. Indiana sloppily surrendered 18 turnovers for transition scores and in spite of the Hawks' reputation on shooting 3s, still gave shooters good enough looks to knock down 13 from beyond the arc, tying the most made by an opponent this season. While the Hawks breezed to the 110-91 win, it was the second straight game in which the Pacers had fallen into a deficit greater than 25 points.
"We've just got to play better. We've got to do better," power forward David West said. "We are who we are and we've got to make the best of who we are and we're not doing that right now."
So on Thursday, the Pacers, now a torn and tattered 15-29 on the season, returned to the workshop for more tinkering – and a lot more instruction.
"We did have a good practice today," Pacers coach Frank Vogel said inside the Miami Heat's facility. "Everybody's a little frustrated with some of the fundamentals of offensive basketball that we're not executing. (We had) a forceful film session and a very forceful practice. Hopefully it pays some dividends."
In some Pacers' video sessions, coaches will instruct and talk through the play. Other times, they deliver more colorful and angrier messages –Thursday's session leaned on this edgier side. Also, Kevin Pritchard, the Pacers' general manager who joined the trip after scouting on the West Coast, addressed the team before the morning video session. According to several players, Pritchard expressed his thoughts about the performance and effort in the Atlanta loss.
"Me personally, I appreciate that because it's good sometimes to hear points of view from the upstairs office (personnel)," center Ian Mahinmi said. "He spoke his mind in a respectful way. It was nothing crazy. He said what was on his mind and addressed what was the right way and I think it was good.
"If we take care of the details in the game," Mahinmi continued, "the rest will come. Today was a lot about that."
The Pacers' slippage in performance has mirrored their fall from the playoff race and they enter Friday night's matchup against the Heat a full four games out of the eighth seed. However, at this point, the Pacers have more pressing concerns than trying to make the postseason.
"We've just got to play better," West said, "That's the bottom line."
Call Star reporter Candace Buckner at (317) 444-6121. Follow her on Twitter: @CandaceDBuckner.
INDIANA AT MIAMI
Tipoff: 7:30 p.m. Friday, AmericanAirlines Arena.
TV: Fox Sports Indiana.
Radio: WFNI-1070 AM, 107.5 FM.
PACERS (15-29)
Pos. Player PPG Key stat PG C.J. Watson 10.5 3.6 apg SG Rodney Stuckey 11.3 3.8 rpg SF Solomon Hill 10.0 4.4 rpg PF David West 12.6 7.0 rpg C Roy Hibbert 11.3 1.9 bpg 6th C.J. Miles 12.5 3.0 rpg
HEAT (18-24)
Pos. Player PPG Key stat PG Mario Chalmers 10.6 4.2 apg SG Dwayne Wade 21.8 5.5 apg SF Luol Deng 14.1 4.9 rpg PF Chris Bosh 21.3 7.7 rpg C Hassan Whiteside 7.4 5.8 rpg 6th Shabazz Napier 5.4 4.0 apg
STORYLINES
George Hill upgraded to questionable: Hill has missed the 11 games with a left groin strain, however the team has elevated his status from "out" to "questionable" against the Heat. He has participated in full practices during this road trip and did so again on Thursday.
Hustling Hassan: Center Hassan Whiteside might have been just a reserve big man the last time the Pacers faced the Heat, but recently he has moved into Miami's starting lineup and made an impact. Whiteside has three double-doubles over the past seven games and he also leads the team in field-goal percentage (.684) and blocks (34). However, Whiteside missed the Heat's last game with a right ankle sprain and is listed as questionable against the Pacers.
Prediction: Of the Pacers' 15 wins this season, two have come against the Miami Heat. However, the Heat still have one up on the Pacers, actually make that three up in the win column as they hold the seventh seed in the East. Pacers win 95-88.
— Candace Buckner
Soybeans, which make up the main feed for livestock that supply fast food chains like Burger King, occupy almost 1 million square kilometers (386,000 square miles) of land around the world.
Through the investigation, researchers found that the production of some of Burger King's meat may be linked to deforestation.
The report focuses on the massive soy purchase operations of multinational agricultural corporations Cargill, Bunge, and Archer Daniels Midland.
When you bite into a Bacon King Sandwich, you could be indirectly eating away some of Brazil's ancient savanna and Bolivia's lowland forest. That's because the two quarter-pound beef patties on that sandwich are part of a supply chain that includes mega-industrial soy crops and cattle ranches that could have environmental costs, according to the findings in a new report.
The report, titled “The Ultimate Mystery Meat,” was released by Mighty Earth and Rainforest Foundation Norway (RFN) in late February and expounds on the sheer extent of deforestation related to soy production. Almost 1 million square kilometers (386,000 square miles) around the world is dedicated to growing soybeans, the main feed used to for the livestock that eventually become some of the 11 million Bacon King Sandwiches and other products Burger King and others sell every day. The soy production area is equivalent to the total combined area of France, Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands.
In Brazil and Bolivia, the massive soy operations of multinational agricultural corporations Cargill and Bunge are particularly prevalent. Both Cargill and Bunge have signed “no deforestation” pledges, and Bunge has detailed a stated policy for a sustainable supply chain. Both companies buy soy from farmers and ship it globally as livestock feed for pigs, chickens, and cattle.
But the Mighty Earth report zeroes in one surprising connection: Burger King.
According to the report, the global fast food chain is sourcing the feed for its livestock from soy farms where Cargill and Bunge are the buyers – an enormous amount of the stuff, given the size of its operation, with over 15,000 restaurants spread out over 100 countries. That is big news because Burger King has never before revealed information about the sources of its meat, even when pressured for answers. The company has also been tight-lipped about sustainability and environmental consciousness. That's in contrast to its competitors such as McDonald's, which has made efforts be transparent and make sure its food products are not linked to illegal deforestation. Meanwhile, Burger King has turned down requests from civil society groups to provide more information about its food suppliers, and scored zero on the Union of Concerned Scientists' 2016 scorecard of major beef sellers' deforestation profiles.
“Burger King hamburgers are the ultimate mystery meat,” said Mighty Earth Campaign Director Kristin Urquiza in a statement. “We set out to find out where they come from, and what we saw wasn't pretty. Burger King is ruling over a kingdom of deforestation.”
For the investigation, Mighty Earth visited 28 sites across 3,000 kilometers (1,864 miles) in Brazil and Bolivia where industrial-scale soy production and deforestation are most concentrated.
The investigation revealed how Bunge and Cargill – two of the world's largest soy producers – are responsible for the deforestation of a combined 697,562 hectares of land in Brazil's Cerrado between 2011 and 2015.
The Cerrado is the Brazilian savanna and covers more than 20 percent of the country. The native habitats of its wooded grasslands are being destroyed at a pace far faster than Brazilian Amazon, according to the WWF. The investigation highlighted how deforestation in areas like the Cerrado is threatening species of jaguar, sloth and giant anteater – and damaging Brazil's primary watershed region, the Cerrado, which feeds the Amazon River and the Pantanal, the largest wetlands in the world. While much less prominent in the popular consciousness than the Amazon, Brazil's scrubland Cerrado is the country's most threatened habitat – roughly half of the Cerrado's vegetation has been cleared, compared to 25 percent in the Amazon, according to the report.
Meanwhile, Cargill and Archer Daniels Midland, another large soy buyer in the United States, are the biggest players in Bolivia. An average of 289,000 hectares per year was deforested from Bolivia's lowland rainforest between 2010-2015, according to a 2015 report from the UN's Food and Agriculture Organization. Combined, that amounts to an area larger than the U.S. state of Delaware.
Burger King, Cargill and Archers Daniel Midland did not respond to requests for comment on the Mighty Earth report. In an email response, Bunge said that the report makes a “misleading correlation between Bunge's presence in the Brazilian Cerrado and total deforestation figures in that region.” According to Stewart Lindsay, vice president of global corporate affairs for Bunge Limited, the company's market share in the Matopiba region is only 20 percent. Matopiba is a collection of states in the Cerrado with the most deforestation for soy in the Cerrado, according to Mighty Earth.
“One company alone cannot solve this issue,” Lindsay stated, pointing to his company as a model for others. “A positive step would be for more companies to adopt zero deforestation commitments, apply controls to block crops grown in illegally cleared areas from entering their supply chains, report publicly on progress and invest millions of dollars to support sustainable land use planning efforts, all of which Bunge has done.”
Shared responsibility
The report does note that there are others clearing land in Brazil and Bolivia, though Cargill and Bunge are the most visible and influential drivers because of their size. Cargill is the United States' largest privately held company in terms of revenue and earned over $107 billion last year alone. It is a global leader in trade of soy, palm oil, cattle, cotton, and other commodities. They have 150,000 employees in 70 countries, according to the company's website. Bunge is publicly traded and deals largely in South America, particularly Brazil. The agribusiness outfit dominates the Cerrado region and is involved in the purchase of grain, building silos and roads, and more. According to the company, it has the capacity to crush over 40 million tons of soy and also trades in grains and oilseeds.
Those farther down the supply chain, like Burger King, could be contributing to the problem.
“Burger King lacks policies to avoid that the food they sell contributes to forest destruction. This is unacceptable. They don't even seem to care,” said Nils Hermann Ranum, head of the policy and campaign department at RFN, in a statement.
Mighty Earth's investigation also revealed the human cost of soy expansion and linked agribusiness to land grabbing and violence, which has spiked in recent years.
“We found indigenous communities displaced from their land and their diverse food cultures turned into monoculture crops; they now live on the edge of huge soy fields and are often sprayed with toxic pesticides,” said Glenn Hurowitz, chief executive of Mighty Earth, in an interview. “They have been reduced to eking out an existence.”
The report also points to the impact that global soy traders like Bunge and Cargill have had by monopolizing crops and financing roads, infrastructure and even illegal land-clearing operations.
In countries with major land-related problems like Brazil, the expansion of soy and cattle ranching often comes at a deadly price. Between 2002-2013, half of murdered environmentalists globally (448) were in Brazil, according to Global Witness, a U.S.-based human rights watchdog that focuses on the exploitation of natural resources and corruption. Outspoken environmental officials have also gotten caught in the crossfire, as happened in October 2016 with Luiz Alberto Araújo. Global Witness notes that more land defenders were assassinated in Brazil in 2015 than in any other country worldwide – a total of 50, the majority of whom were indigenous.
Soy is key
It all comes down to soy production, which, along with cattle ranching, is the biggest driver of deforestation in South America. According to the report, around three-quarters of the world's soy goes to animal feed, and approximately four million hectares of forest was cleared each year to make way for soy crops and cattle ranches in South America from 2001-2010.
The report states: “Burger King should use its wealth and influence in a positive way by joining others in the fast food industry to adopt and implement a strong ‘No Deforestation, No Exploitation' policy. It should publish its suppliers and report on their compliance with sustainability policies.”
Many companies worldwide, including Bunge, have joined a soy moratorium to end deforestation in the Amazon, but other regions like the Cerrado that are just as fragile are seen as up for grabs because they aren't perceived as being in a state of emergency. Mighty Earth and RFN are calling on the companies they investigated to join the moratorium and extend it to other regions like the Cerrado.
Meanwhile, Green Century Capital Management, an influential US-based sustainability investment firm, has sent an open letter to 21 companies including Archer Daniels Midland, Bunge, and Cargill, calling on them to embark on a zero-deforestation initiative. The action was by supported 38 investors worldwide.
Banner image: Logs burn at sunset in Bolivia. Photo by Jim Wickens/Ecostorm.
Maximo Anderson is a freelance journalist and photographer currently based in South America. You can find him on Twitter at @MaximoLamar.
FEEDBACK: Use this form to send a message to the author of this post. If you want to post a public comment, you can do that at the bottom of the page.
