Democide is a term proposed by R. J. Rummel since at least 1994[1] who defined it as "the intentional killing of an unarmed or disarmed person by government agents acting in their authoritative capacity and pursuant to government policy or high command".[2] According to him, this definition covers a wide range of deaths, including forced labor and concentration camp victims; killings by "unofficial" private groups; extrajudicial summary killings; and mass deaths due to the governmental acts of criminal omission and neglect, such as in deliberate famines, as well as killings by de facto governments, i.e. civil war killings.[2] This definition covers any murder of any number of persons by any government.[2]
Rummel created the term as an extended concept to include forms of government murder not covered by the term genocide. According to Rummel, democide surpassed war as the leading cause of non-natural death in the 20th century.[3][4]
Three meanings of genocide [ edit ]
Democide is the murder of any person or people by their government, including genocide, politicide and mass murder. Democide is not necessarily the elimination of entire cultural groups but rather groups within the country that the government feels need to be eradicated for political reasons and due to claimed future threats.
According to Rummel, democide has three different meanings.
The ordinary meaning is murder by government of people due to their national, ethnic, racial or religious group membership. The legal meaning of genocide refers to the international treaty on genocide, the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. This also includes nonlethal acts that in the end eliminate or greatly hinder the group. Looking back on history, one can see the different variations of democides that have occurred, but it still consists of acts of killing or mass murder. Democide – This generalized meaning of genocide is similar to the ordinary meaning but also includes government killings of political opponents or otherwise intentional murder. In order to avoid confusion over which meaning is intended. Rummel created the term democide for this third meaning.[5]
Objectives [ edit ]
The objectives of democide include the disintegration of the political and social institutions of culture, language, national feelings, religion, and the economic existence of national groups; the destruction of the personal security, liberty, health, dignity; and even the lives of the individuals belonging to such groups.[6]
Examples [ edit ]
Some examples of democide cited by Rummel include the Great Purges carried out by Joseph Stalin in the Soviet Union, the deaths from the colonial policy in the Congo Free State, and Mao Zedong's Great Leap Forward, which resulted in a famine that killed millions of people. According to Rummel, these were not cases of genocide because those who were killed were not selected on the basis of their race, but were killed in large numbers as a result of government policies. Famine is classified by Rummel as democide if it fits the definition above.
For instance, Rummel re-classified Mao Zedong's Great Leap Forward as democide in 2005. He originally believed that Mao's policies were largely responsible for the famine, but that Mao's advisers had misled him. Therefore, he believed it was not an intentional famine and thus not a democide. However, reports from Jung Chang and Jon Halliday's Mao: The Unknown Story allege that Mao knew about the famine from the beginning but did not care, and eventually Mao had to be stopped by a meeting of 7,000 top Communist Party members. Based on this new evidence, Rummel now believes the famine was intentional and considers it a democide. Taking this into account, the total for Chinese Communist Party democide is 80.86 million, more than the Soviet Union (62 million), Nazi Germany (21 million), or any other regime in the 20th century.[7]
Democide [ edit ]
In his estimates, Rummel relies mostly on historical accounts, an approach that rarely provides accurate estimates. His estimates typically include a wide range and cannot be considered determinative.[1].
Thus, Rummel calculates nearly 43 million deaths due to democide inside and outside the Soviet Union during Stalin's regime.[8] This is much higher than an often quoted figure of 20 million, or a more recent figure of 9 million[9]. Rummel has responded that the 20 million estimates is based on a figure from Robert Conquest's 1968 book The Great Terror, and that Conquest's qualifier "almost certainly too low" is usually forgotten. Conquest's calculations excluded camp deaths before 1936 and after 1950, executions from 1939–1953, the vast deportation of the people of captive nations into the camps and their deaths 1939–1953, the massive deportation within the Soviet Union of minorities 1941–1944 and their deaths, and those the Soviet Red Army and secret police executed throughout Eastern Europe after their conquest during 1944–1945. Moreover, the Holodomor that killed 5 million in 1932–1934 is also not included.[citation needed]
His research shows that the death toll from democide is far greater than the death toll from war. After studying over 8,000 reports of government-caused deaths, Rummel estimates that there have been 262 million victims of democide in the last century. According to his figures, six times as many people have died from the actions of people working for governments than have died in battle.
One of his main findings is that liberal democracies have much less democide than authoritarian regimes.[10] He argues that there is a relation between political power and democide. Political mass murder grows increasingly common as political power becomes unconstrained. At the other end of the scale, where power is diffuse, checked, and balanced, political violence is a rarity. According to Rummel, "The more power a regime has, the more likely people will be killed. This is a major reason for promoting freedom." Rummel concludes that "concentrated political power is the most dangerous thing on earth."
Several other researchers have found similar results. "Numerous researchers point out that democratic norms and political structures constrain elite decisions about the use of repression against their citizens whereas autocratic elites are not so constrained. Once in place, democratic institutions—even partial ones—reduce the likelihood of armed conflict and all but eliminate the risk that it will lead to geno/politicide."[11]
Researchers often give widely different estimates of mass murder. They use different definitions, methodology, and sources. For example, some include battle deaths in their calculations.
See also [ edit ]
Scientists have discovered a wealth of evidence concerning human evolution , and this evidence comes in many forms. Thousands of human fossils enable researchers and students to study the changes that occurred in brain and body size, locomotion, diet, and other aspects regarding the way of life of early human species over the past 6 million years. Millions of stone tools, figurines and paintings, footprints, and other traces of human behavior in the prehistoric record tell about where and how early humans lived and when certain technological innovations were invented. Study of human genetics show how closely related we are to other primates – in fact, how connected we are with all other organisms – and can indicate the prehistoric migrations of our species, Homo sapiens, all over the world. Advances in the dating of fossils and artifacts help determine the age of those remains, which contributes to the big picture of when different milestones in becoming human evolved.
Exciting scientific discoveries continually add to the broader and deeper public knowledge of human evolution. Find out about the latest evidence in our What's Hot in Human Origins section.
WASHINGTON--It's Thanksgiving, the start of the holidays, the season of giving-and getting-and many labor union officials have a lot to be thankful for. Some members of Congress are thinking about giving the union bosses a multi-billion dollar gift-a bailout of failing, collectively-bargained multiemployer pension plans.
No matter that this would increase the federal deficit, putting even more pressure on the American taxpayer and the economy. After the $787 billion "stimulus" plan, the $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Plan, and the potential $1 trillion health care "reform" plan, what are a few more hundreds of billions of dollars? Who's counting?
Representatives Earl Pomeroy, a North Dakota Democrat, and Patrick Tiberi, an Ohio Republican, have come to the rescue of pension plans with the proposed Preserve Benefits and Jobs Act of 2009. Even though the Pomeroy-Tiberi bill has not yet had a hearing, and has no companion bill in the Senate, the mere introduction of the bill shows how desensitized Congress has become to costly legislation.
What are multiemployer plans, and why do some members of Congress want to rescue them with money from the federal Treasury?
Multiemployer pension plans are created and sponsored by unions to generate retirement income for employees of different companies. Such plans allow workers to take their pension rights with them if they move to another participating company; they also facilitate consolidation of union pension contributions into larger investment pools.
Although these plans were created with the best of intentions, multiemployer pension plans generally have lower levels of funding than do plans sponsored by other employers for their nonunion employees. This disparity in funding adequacy is evident in Labor Department data for 2006, the latest year for which complete reporting is available. Since the 2008 stock market crash, the disparity has worsened.
While a pension plan need not be fully funded at any moment to be stable, Congress (through the Pension Protection Act of 2006) considers funds with less than 80% of needed assets to be in "endangered" status, and those with less than 65% to be in "critical" status.
Among all large plans - those with 100 or more employees - only 17% of union-negotiated plans were fully funded in 2006, compared to 35% of non-union plans. Thirteen percent of union funds had less than 65% of required assets, while only 1% of non-union plans were in critical shape.
Plans in critical status include the Central States Teamsters' plan, which has 48% of the assets needed to fund its obligations, the Service Employees International Union plan, at 65%, and the Sheet Metal Workers, at 39%.
Included in the bill's provisions is a "fifth fund," under the auspices of the government's Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, to rescue union-controlled multiemployer funds. The fifth fund would be used to "protect the reasonable benefit expectations of plan participants and beneficiaries...to encourage the continuation and maintenance of voluntary private pension plans for the benefit of their participants while maintaining premiums at the lowest level consistent with that objective."
Notice the emphasis on keeping contributions to the fund low. That's to permit active union members to get bigger pay raises.
The bill states that whereas the U.S. government is not responsible for the obligations of the PBGC-which is funded through contributions from employers-the government is directly liable for the fifth fund. The bill sets no upper limit to the Treasury's exposure.
This means that the underfunded union-controlled pension obligations would be shifted directly to taxpayers. You could call it another entitlement program. The Congressional Budget Office has not yet given a cost estimate for the bill, but the figure is likely to be in the hundreds of billions, because of the sizeable number of large multiemployer plans-over 300 this year-that are in critical or endangered condition.
The bill also would loosen accounting standards, allowing plans to spread recent financial losses over 10 years and in some cases over 30 years. This sleight of hand would make plans appear to be in better financial shape than they are under present rules. Unions would come under less pressure to acquiesce in a reduction of future benefits, or to shift compensation from wages to contributions.
Further, the bill would allow certain multiemployer pension funds to form alliances and merge where these mergers would reduce the PBGC's losses. Plans that have been financially prudent could lose, because they could be merged with failing plans.
The bill would scale up PBGC payouts to workers in bankrupt multiemployer plans from $13,000 a year to $20,000, placing further financial pressure on the PBGC.
The root of the problem is that union leaders prefer to seek increases in wages rather than divert available money to pension contributions, and so many pension plans are increasingly underfunded. Unions advertise solid pension plans to attract new members, but do not diligently strive to protect the rosy financial futures they advertise.
If this bill is enacted, unions will have no incentive in the future to negotiate well-funded pension plans. In the guise of helping out workers, the bill's transparent purpose is to rescue union leaders, so they can shift from negotiating higher pension contributions to negotiating higher wages. That's the way union leaders win re-election.
Congressional observers are preoccupied with the health care bill and how it might further inflate our already-bloated budget deficit. Health care isn't the only uncontrolled spending bill rolling on Capitol Hill. Walk down any congressional hallway and members seek to spend billions more on their favorite causes. Just ask Reps. Pomeroy and Tiberi.
Oregon Ducks name Marcus Mariota starting QB 10 Gallery: Oregon Ducks name Marcus Mariota starting QB
Redshirt freshman
has been named the starting quarterback for the Oregon Ducks.
The Oregonian broke the news via a team source this morning, and the selection was officially confirmed by the team's Twitter feed at 10:10 a.m.
Mariota beat out third-year sophomore Bryan Bennett during a nearly eight-month competition that began in January after Oregon's all-time touchdown passes leader, Darron Thomas, decided to forgo his senior year to enter the NFL Draft.
Mariota will become the first freshman quarterback to start the season for the Ducks in 21 years. UO hosts Arkansas State Sept. 1.
LaMichael James, the former Oregon Ducks running back who is now with the San Francisco 49ers, endorsed Mariota's selection this morning.
"He will possibly be the best QB to ever play at Oregon!" James wrote on Twitter. "He's the real deal."
The competition went down to the wire with Thursday's scrimmage being the final test for both quarterbacks.
Mariota's rise from redshirt to starter could be viewed as an upset. The 2011 three-star recruit (
) out of Honolulu, Hawaii redshirted last season while Bennett backed up Thomas.
Bennett saw action in blowouts and filled in for an injured Thomas against Arizona State and Washington State, and started at Colorado. Bennett appeared in nine games, rushing for 200 yards (8.7 per carry) and throwing for 369 with six touchdowns and no interceptions. His performances titillated fans about the future. But now that future, at least for now, belongs to Mariota.
As a senior at St. Louis High School, Mariota threw for 2,597 yards 32 touchdowns with five interceptions. Because of closed practices, few outside of the team saw Mariota in action at Oregon until the spring game.
There, Mariota lit up the day by displaying great speed as a runner and quick decision making in the passing game. Much felt after the spring game that Mariota had edged ahead of Bennett but coaches urged that it had only been one day and that the competition was in a dead heat.
Mariota's first true college game experience will come Sept. 1. So even though he's been named the starter, he now must play well enough to keep the job knowing that a more than capable backup with game experience waits in the wings.
Oregon truly has a luxury in having two seemingly perfect fits for the spread-option attack that the Ducks clearly believe they can win big with.
--Aaron Fentress
Follow @AaronJFentress
Sen. Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he hasn't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE (R-Ala.) said Tuesday he would recuse himself from any possible investigations related to Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE if he is confirmed as President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's attorney general.
Sessions said during a confirmation hearing the politically charged comments he made about the Clintons during the presidential campaign would give the appearance he is not impartial in potential probes of the private email server she used while secretary of State or of the Clinton Foundation.
"I do believe that that could place my objectivity in question," Sessions told Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley Charles (Chuck) Ernest GrassleyOvernight Health Care: Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Lower refunds amplify calls to restore key tax deduction MORE (R-Iowa). "I believe the proper thing for me to do would be for me to recuse myself."
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans in Congress have vowed to continue an investigation into Clinton's private email setup.
Sessions's comments are designed to assuage critics who believe the Justice Department could be politicized under Trump.
The Alabama senator was a vocal campaign supporter of Trump, who suggested that Clinton should be imprisoned for her private email setup.
Sessions said he would refuse an order from the president to name a special prosecutor to go after Clinton, a move Trump called for during the campaign.
“I believe that would be the best approach for the country because we can never have a political dispute turn into a criminal dispute,” Sessions said. “This country does not punish its political enemies. What this country ensures [is] that no one is above the law.”
But it's unclear whether Trump wants to continue with such a probe as president.
If an investigation does go forward, it would likely be overseen by Sessions's deputy if he is confirmed.
Read more from The Hill:
Live coverage of Sessions confirmation hearing
A Jewish Labour MP today revealed she has received 25,000 abusive messages in the past two months as she called on Jeremy Corbyn to do more to crack down on the online trolls.
Ruth Smeeth said the Labour leader should "name and shame" those responsible for the campaign of hate against her.
The full extent of the problem emerged as counter-terror police launched a probe into a vicious anti-Semitic Facebook which said the MP for Stoke on Trent North should be hanged.
In the post, by someone claiming to be a supporter of Mr Corbyn, she was referred to as a "Yid c***", a "f*cking traitor" and accused of being a CIA agent working against the UK.
It ends by saying "the gallows would be a fine and fitting place for this Dyke piece of Yid s*** to swing from."
She has been forced to have extra security and CCTV installed at her home and constituency office in the wake of the threats.
Speaking this morning, Ms Smeeth said the post was just one of 25,000 pieces of abuse she had had since the end of June, when she walked out of a Labour anti-Semitism event after being targeted by a member of the audience.
Ms Smeeth also hit out at Mr Corbyn for his suggestion recently that those being abused should simply “ignore it”.
“Jeremy Corbyn was clear apparently that while he condemned it, we should just ignore the abuse," she told BBC News. "Well, threats detailing how someone wants to hang me and what they want to do to me, that is not something that I nor the police can ignore."
The former director of anti-racism campaign group Hope Not Hate called on the Labour leader to go further in condemning abuse.
“What I need is for the leader of my party, the leader of Her Majesty's Opposition, to make it clear what can be done," she said.
“One of the things he could personally do, this is being done in his name – not by him, but in his name - he should be naming and shaming some of the worst perpetrators who are doing it in his name and making it clear publicly that they do not speak for him, that this is unacceptable.
“It's not just enough that the wonderful staff at the Labour party expel people and that the police have to deal with it.”
The Labour leader's office this morning released a statement condemning online abuse - but which did not mention Ms Smeeth by name.
“No abuse is carried out in Jeremy's name and no one responsible for abuse is a genuine supporter of Jeremy's, who has repeatedly called for a kinder, gentler politics,” the statement reads.
“This is why Jeremy launched ‘Respect and Unity' – a code of conduct calling on all Labour members and supporters to conduct themselves with a high standard of behaviour. All evidence of abuse should be reported to both the party and to the police so that action may be taken against the individuals responsible.”
The Labour party released a separate statement, saying: "Threatening behaviour will not be tolerated within the party and we urge anyone receiving any abuse to contact the party and, where relevant, the police. We will do all we can to support Ruth and her staff during this time.”
SUPPORT
Ms Smeeth also received the backing of colleagues on Twitter.
Today's praise is for @RuthSmeeth the woman who drove miles to meet me years ago to help me believe I should stand for Parliament #sorority — Jess Phillips MP (@jessphillips) 2 September 2016
A great deal has been written over the years about the necessity of computer users to be proactive if they want to guard their privacy and keep their machines clean of viruses. Habits such as changing passwords, updating software, running anti-virus and using encryption when possible are often referred to as “good web hygiene.”
But as the use of mobile phones and other devices has skyrocketed, users often have failed to transfer these precautions to the mobile digital environment, leaving millions vulnerable.
This was put on display in the fall of 2014 during the “Occupy Central” protests in Hong Kong, as Chinese hackers flooded protestors' phones with a variety of malware.
Some phone manufacturers have stepped in to fill the security gap.
For example, Apple now automatically offers end-to-end encryption for iMessage and FaceTime, as well as offering a range of other encryption services and applications.
But most security analysts say these steps aren't enough, and that mobile phone and tablet users around the world need to step up and take more responsibility for keeping themselves safe and secure in the wireless world.
Passcode
The first step is with the device itself.
The latest versions of the world's three most common mobile operating systems, Google's Android, Apple's iOS and Microsoft's Windows Phone, already offer complete encryption as an option. It's activated in different ways, but common to all is that users create a passcode they must enter every time they power up or unlock their phones.
Once encryption is enabled and tied to the passcode, all data on the device will be encrypted and unreadable without the passcode.
This means it's important for users to choose a code that will be sufficiently challenging to crack. A simple four-digit code is practically meaningless; a 15-character code that uses digits, upper- and lower-case letters, and symbols would be magnitudes harder to break.
Downloading Apps, remote wipe
Users should also be careful when and where they download apps or document attachments. Applications downloaded from Apple's iTunes or Google's Play Store are generally fairly secure, but downloading from other services can be an iffy proposition. As always, it's not a good idea to download any email attachments you didn't specifically ask for.
Anti-virus packages are available for mobile phones, but security analysts are roughly split on whether they would be required for the majority of phones. What is recommended, however, is for users to install some sort of “remote-wipe” application, which would allow a user to remotely erase all the phone's data in case it's stolen.
Secure WiFi
Mobile phones traditionally connect to the world by two means: wireless phone service for actual phone use, and a wireless local area network, or WLAN, for Internet and data. Tablets mostly just use a WLAN. Both the phone service and WLAN use provide potential security holes, but many of those can be mitigated.
First, when connecting to a WLAN using WiFi, users should choose their service carefully. In crowded urban environments, it's not uncommon for phones to sniff out 20 or more WiFi services with decent signal strength. If possible, users should only connect to secure WiFi services; these are denoted by a locked padlock icon and require some type of password to access.
Free, open WiFi services – those available to anyone without any passcode – should be avoided if at all possible. It's simply too easy for a bad guy on open WiFi to break into others also online and create havoc.
SMS
Text messages (SMS), which are transmitted via the phone service, are relatively (but not completely) secure from infections. But as with actual phone calls, they can be intercepted by third parties.
There are numerous apps available designed to keep text messages private and secure. WhatsApp is one of the most popular around the world, logging around 700 million users worldwide, with more users in India than in any other country.
The app by-passes the mobile phone service, using the Internet to send and receive secure text, photos and video in what it calls “chats.” Other selling points are its ease of use and low price, costing just $1 a year.
Its parent company, Facebook, says WhatsApp chat sessions are completely secure; however a handful of high-profile security breaches beginning in 2010 have raised concerns among privacy advocates.
Encryption Apps
For the more security minded, some users have moved to TextSecure, an open-source text encryption app produced by Whisper Systems, a data security company endorsed by no less than former NSA contractor Edward Snowden. It offers end-to-end encryption for users running TextSecure for text, audio, video, and images.
Whisper Systems engineers say that in addition to robust encryption, the app offers a user verification system to prevent man-in-the-middle attacks.
Whisper Systems also has an app for securing mobile phone calls. Called RedPhone, the app was aimed at first specifically for people who live under repressive governments that routinely tap and monitor phone calls.
RedPhone uses the Internet for end-to-end encryption of real-time two-way voice conversations between two RedPhone users. Additionally, two matching words appear on both phones during the call, allowing the users themselves to verify a secure, encrypted connection. RedPhone has proven to be very popular in a number of nations, including Venezuela and Egypt.
Another popular application, Ostel, is an outgrowth of the Guardian Project, a cooperative venture to develop applications that secure users' privacy. Like RedPhone, Ostel uses VoIP (“Voice over Internet Protocol”) for end-to-end encryption between Ostel users; an additional benefit is that there are no costs for long-distance or international calls.
Finally, for users who want proven Internet security for their mobile Android device, and don't mind giving away a little speed of access, there's Orbot. Essentially Tor for mobile, it's just like its online counterpart, routing all text, Internet and email data through a randomized series of computers.
Like Tor, Orbot offers users some of the strongest privacy protection to be found – but it comes at a cost. Because the user's data is being routed through a shifting set of nodes on the Tor network, Orbot can significantly slow down uploads and downloads. It's not for everyone, but for those who want to remain as anonymous as possible, it's just about the best bet available.
Henry Lee Lucas, the one-eyed drifter once considered among the nation's most prolific serial killers ever, was spared from the death chamber today after Gov. George W. Bush accepted a state parole board recommendation.
Bush commuted Lucas' death sentence to life in prison because of lingering doubts about his guilt in the so-called "Orange Socks" slaying.
Bush's decision in no way gives any chance of freedom to Lucas. He still faces six other life sentences and 210 years in prison for nine other murders.
The state board recommended Thursday that Lucas, who confessed to 600 killings nationwide but later recanted, not be executed next Tuesday as scheduled.
In separate votes, the board advised Bush to give Lucas a 270-day reprieve and to commute the death sentence to a lesser penalty.
"The first question I ask in each death penalty case is whether there is any doubt about whether the individual is guilty of the crime," Bush said.
"While Henry Lee Lucas is guilty of committing a number of horrible crimes, serious concerns have been raised about his guilt in this case," the governor said.
Lucas, who has been convicted in 10 murder cases, was condemned in 1984 for the rape and strangulation of a woman whose body, nude but for a pair of orange socks, was found in a ditch off Interstate 35 north of Austin.
Although Lucas confessed, he later said he was lying and an investigation by former Attorney General Jim Mattox raised questions about Lucas' guilt.
Work records and a cashed paycheck indicated Lucas who lost his left eye in a childhood accident might have been in Florida at the time of the murder on Oct. 31, 1979.
The parole board's decision pleased Lucas and his supporters, who say he couldn't have killed the unidentified woman known only as Orange Socks.
"It shows there is some justice in Texas," Lucas said from death row near Huntsville.
Williamson County District Attorney Ken Anderson, who helped put Lucas on death row, said he was "a monster" who undoubtedly killed Orange Socks.
"Lucas was proved guilty beyond a reasonable doubt to 12 citizens. The case has been reviewed by 23 judges over the past 14 years," Anderson said.
"The only other reason to grant clemency is for reasons of mercy. There is no one less deserving of such than Lucas," he said.
Victor Rodriguez, the parole board chairman, noted in a letter to Bush that the panel believes "firmly that this man remains guilty as found by that jury. Nothing we've done affects that finding."
The board's recommendation came 4 1/2 months after the same panel rejected a clemency plea from Karla Faye Tucker, a 38-year-old woman who confessed to the pickax slayings of two people but said she had become a Christian in prison and asked for mercy. She was executed Feb. 3.
Written by Michael Holmes
©1998 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed
Disney vs. Disney: Top 5 Reasons Disneyland is WAY Better Than Walt Disney World
5. Compactitude
4. Unique Lands
3. Nighttime Spectaculars
2. More Attractions Per Square Inch
1. It All Started With Walt
special discount on his book along with a free preview chapter
Oversized One-Shots For Your Favorite Titles Beginning January!
New York, NY—October 18th, 2016 — This January, it's all hands on deck as the Avengers, the Champions, the Guardians of the Galaxy, the X-Men, the Inhumans and more stand toe-to-toe with hordes of giant monsters in MONSTERS UNLEASHED #1! As Cullen Bunn and five of the biggest artists in the industry bring you a spectacular clash of heroes vs. monsters, the action is spilling out into the rest of the Marvel Universe! Today, Marvel is pleased to announce SPIDER-MAN/DEADPOOL #1.MU and AVENGERS #1.MU as the first two one-shots getting in on the massive monster mayhem!
“Monsters Unleashed is rampaging across the Marvel Universe and a select few of your favorite titles this January,” says Marvel SVP Sales & Marketing David Gabriel. “Eight oversized .MU one-shots that add even more over-the-top widescreen action than the main Monsters Unleashed series can contain. Who doesn't want to see the Avengers, Spider-Man and Deadpool throw down with some giant monsters?”
It all kicks off in SPIDER-MAN/DEADPOOL #1.MU, as the Marvel's resident odd couple comes face-to-face(-to face?) with one of the hundreds of giant behemoths smashing and stomping their way across the Marvel Universe! Spider-Man swings into action, but what can one wallcrawler do against just one of these massive monstrosities? Thankfully he has Deadpool backing him up! Just kidding, Deadpool is going to be about as helpful as he usually is. Then, Earth's Mightiest Heroes take the fight to the monsters in AVENGERS #1. MU! Can a team of some of the strongest characters around hold the line against the monster invasion? Or will they be crushed like everyone else?
We're just getting started, True Believer! You won't want to miss the massive monster mayhem as Monsters Unleashed rampages across some of your favorite titles next year! Don't miss AVENGERS #1.MU and SPIDER-MAN/DEADPOOL #1.MU when they come to comic shops and digital devices in Jaunuary! Plus, look for more oversized .MU one-shots coming to some of your favorite titles in February and March.
SPIDER-MAN/DEADPOOL #1.MU
Written by JOSHUA CORIN
Art by TIGH WALKER
Cover by DAVE JOHNSON
40 pgs. – On Sale in January!
AVENGERS #1.MU
Written by JIM ZUB
Art by SEAN IZAAKSE
Cover by DAVID NAKAYAMA
40 pgs. – On Sale in January!
For the nine years that Christina Cortez worked at a McDonald's in her hometown of Minneapolis, she wasn't able to take a single sick day off work, even when she had the flu.
When Minneapolis passed a bill last year giving residents paid sick leave, Christina was relieved. But now, Republicans in the state Legislature have introduced a new bill that would strip cities' ability to create their own labor laws.
The bill, sponsored by Rep. Pat Garofalo, is one of a growing number of “pre-emption bills” being pushed by conservatives in the state Legislatures. They prevent local governments from creating their own laws, on everything from gun control to sanctuary cities to pesticide control. On pre-empting paid sick leave, 15 states have already passed these kinds of bills, and 10 more states are considering it.
The fight for a higher minimum wage and paid sick leave has been gaining traction in progressive cities across the U.S. But some conservative state Legislatures, such as Minnesota's, have found a way to rein in cities' progressive impulses. VICE News' Alexandra Jaffe reports from Minneapolis, where House File 600 would kill Minneapolis' newly established paid sick leave ordinance before it goes into effect this July.
This segment originally aired March 27, 2017, on VICE News Tonight on HBO.
-Search- Users Labs Protocols News Archive Blog Archive Forum
Search
You are not using a standards compliant browser. Because of this you may notice minor glitches in the rendering of this page. Please upgrade to a compliant browser for optimal viewing:
Press Release
Coffee's aroma kick-starts genes in the brain
Monday, June 16, 2008
Scientists report that the simple inhalation of coffee by rats has changed their gene expressions in ways that help reduce sleep deprivation-induced stress. (Credit: Courtesy of public-domain-photos.com)
Han-Seok Seo and colleagues point out that hundreds of studies have been done on the ingredients in coffee, including substances linked to beneficial health effects. "There are few studies that deal with the beneficial effects of coffee aroma," they note. "This study is the first effort to elucidate the effects of coffee bean aroma on the sleep deprivation-induced stress in the rat brain."
In an effort to begin filling that gap, they allowed lab rats to inhale coffee aroma, including some rats stressed by sleep deprivation. The study then compared gene and protein expressions in the rats' brains. Rats that sniffed coffee showed different levels of activity in 17 genes. Thirteen of the genes showed differential mRNA expression between the stress group and the stress with coffee group, including proteins with healthful antioxidant activity known to protect nerve cells from stress-related damage.
###
"Effects of Coffee Bean Aroma on the Rat Brain Stressed by Sleep Deprivation: A Selected Transcript- and 2D Gel-Based Proteome Analysis"
American Chemical Society: Drink coffee to send a wake-up call to the brain? Or just smell its rich, warm aroma? An international group of scientists is reporting some of the first evidence that simply inhaling coffee aroma alters the activity of genes in the brain. In experiments with laboratory rats, they found that coffee aroma orchestrates the expression of more than a dozen genes and some changes in protein expressions, in ways that help reduce the stress of sleep deprivation. Their study is scheduled for the June 25 issue of ACS' bi-weekly Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry.Han-Seok Seo and colleagues point out that hundreds of studies have been done on the ingredients in coffee, including substances linked to beneficial health effects. "There are few studies that deal with the beneficial effects of coffee aroma," they note. "This study is the first effort to elucidate the effects of coffee bean aroma on the sleep deprivation-induced stress in the rat brain."In an effort to begin filling that gap, they allowed lab rats to inhale coffee aroma, including some rats stressed by sleep deprivation. The study then compared gene and protein expressions in the rats' brains. Rats that sniffed coffee showed different levels of activity in 17 genes. Thirteen of the genes showed differential mRNA expression between the stress group and the stress with coffee group, including proteins with healthful antioxidant activity known to protect nerve cells from stress-related damage.###"Effects of Coffee Bean Aroma on the Rat Brain Stressed by Sleep Deprivation: A Selected Transcript- and 2D Gel-Based Proteome Analysis" http://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jf8001137 American Chemical Society: http://www.acs.org/
Thanks to American Chemical Society for this article.
This press release was posted to serve as a topic for discussion. Please comment below. We try our best to only post press releases that are associated with peer reviewed scientific literature. Critical discussions of the research are appreciated. If you need help finding a link to the original article, please contact us on Twitter or via e-mail.
Comments No comments recorded. Add Comment? Comments are closed 2 weeks after initial post.
This press release has been viewed 847 time(s).
Experts will advise on production facility design and build, security, and product testing before pre-license inspection
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - April 24, 2017) - True Leaf Medicine Inc. (True Leaf), a division of True Leaf Medicine International Ltd. ( CSE : MJ) ( FRANKFURT : TLA), has engaged a number of cannabis experts to guide the company through the final stages in Health Canada's review of its application for a license to produce marijuana in Canada.
Experts from industry-leading PipeDreemz Inc., Protect-IP Global Solutions Inc., Eurofins Scientific, and Ample Organics will be working with True Leaf over the next few weeks to prepare a review package for submission to Health Canada under the Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations (ACMPR) application process.
Health Canada recently upgraded the Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations (MMPR) application process to the ACMPR licensing program, so the experts will be working with True Leaf to update its original MMPR application to ensure True Leaf meets or exceeds the new compliance measures.
"True Leaf is excited to have PipeDreemz, Protect-IP, Eurofins, and Ample Organics provide their expertise at this critical stage in the ACMPR review process," said True Leaf CEO Darcy Bomford. "We sought out experts from these companies because several of their clients have already been successful in the ACMPR process."
True Leaf has engaged PipeDreemz CEO Georges Routhier, a premier consultant to companies going through Health Canada's Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations (MMPR) or ACMPR process since 2012. Mr. Routhier helps his clients navigate the complexities of the licensing process, specifically the design, construction, and operating procedures of marijuana production facilities. PipeDreemz is currently advising clients with over $150 million in production facilities under construction in Canada.
Protect-IP will advise True Leaf on the Physical Safety Integration of its planned production facility. Protect-IP's engineering team has worked with companies in all phases of the licensing process, and will work with True Leaf on developing procedures for control systems, alarm systems, and CCTV using IP technology to ensure True Leaf builds and operates a safe and secure production facility.
Eurofins, a leading international group of laboratories with more than 22,000 employees across 225 sites in 39 countries, will help True Leaf test its marijuana products to ensure it complies with Health Canada regulations. Eurofins works with the pharmaceutical, food, environmental, and consumer products industries on a wide-range of scientific testing and support services.
True Leaf has also engaged Ample Organics, the most widely adopted seed-to-sale reporting system among Canada's licensed marijuana producers.
"We are pleased to be working with True Leaf, a late stage ACMPR applicant," said PipeDreemz CEO Georges Routhier. "Darcy and his team have chosen to accelerate their final push to the finish line, and together we expect to receive their pre-license inspection in the very near future."
About True Leaf:
True Leaf Medicine International Ltd., through its wholly-owned subsidiary 'True Leaf Pet', has entered the $104.9 billion global pet care industry with a line of hemp-focused pet chews and supplements marketed through natural pet health and veterinary channels in Canada, the United States and Europe. The company has also filed an application under Health Canada's Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations (ACMPR) to become a Canadian licensed producer through its 'True Leaf Medicine' subsidiary. It has passed through the security screening process of Health Canada's review and is currently in the final review stage before the 'pre-licensing inspection' approval.
www.trueleaf.com
Cyclists in New York (and pretty much every other state) are used to struggling for the attention of lawmakers. Not so in Minnesota, a state that's actively courting cyclists–most recently, through Pedal Minnesota , a new campaign aimed at making it easier for locals and tourists to get around by bike.
Minnesota has a reputation for being a particularly easy place to ride a bike, full of famously hardy winter commuters. The state generates over $1 billion in bike-related revenue, more than hunting and snowmobiling combined, says Eric Husband, creative director at Colle+McVoy, the Minneapolis ad agency behind Pedal Minnesota.
A coalition of eight public partners (including the Minnesota DOT, DOH, and several tourism boards) approached the agency about designing an identity and web platform for the alliance last year. Husband describes the design process as miraculously smooth. “You'd think with so many partners, it would be hard to reach consensus,” he says over email. “But a shared passion for biking led the way.” Aww. The logo reflects the good vibes–a heart-shaped frame, sandwiched between two wheels. A warm color palette, and a slogan that gives a nod to Minnesota's famed hospitality (“The Bike Friendly State”), rounds out the design. “Black might work in New York, but it's not the first thing you think of in the Land of 10,000 Lakes.”
Colle+McVoy took pains to design a mobile-friendly website, which includes smartphone accessible maps of the state's routes. “By using responsive design, the site can be completely utilized by bikers on the go,” explains Husband. A website of neatly organized resources, like advice on commuting with kids and a searchable calendar of events and group rides, completes the web presence.
One of the coolest things about the project is the “tune-up shelters” now popping up around the state. By retrofitting existing bus stops with multi-tools, maps, and pumps, the team found a way to offer universal access to necessities at a fairly low cost. Plus, the tools are all bought from local bike shops. “Of course, the tune-up shelters were a hit,” says Husband. “We've also had had a ton of inquiries on wearables–people are asking our partners where they can get T-shirts. Bicyclists love their schwag.”
With over $1 billion in annual revenue in Minnesota and swarms of merch-hungry cyclists, bike culture is becoming an economic force to be reckoned with. So why don't more local governments support it, again? Husband thinks the tide is slowly turning. “As we all start to recognize the economic impact of bicycling, we'll undoubtedly see more effort,” he says. “Certainly from a tourism perspective. But also to promote health, sustainable transportation and, here's a biggie, fun.”
Universal Serial Bus Battery Charger Market Overview :
Universal serial bus also known as USB were introduced in the 1990's it defines cables, connectors, and communication protocol used in bus for connection, communication, and power supplies between computers and other electronic devices. Over the period of time, USB have seen various developments which is related to the speed at which data could be transferred. The voltage at which battery is to be charged depends upon the size of the battery and at end of a recharge period the charger is to be disconnected automatically. In present time the increase in volume of electronic devices have resulted in increase of universal serial bus battery charger. Moreover, most of the smartphones and tablets are equipped with a USB port for charging purpose.
Global universal serial bus battery charger market is currently at its blooming stage attributed to the factors such as increase in number of smartphones and tablets, introduction of electronic medical equipment. Moreover, the increased demand of gaming devices such as Xbox, play-stations is also one of the important factor which have dueled the growth of universal serial bus battery chargers market. However, blast in battery and high monitoring requirements while charging are some of the factors which have restrained the growth of universal serial bus battery charger market. Moreover, the introduction of electronic vehicles holds a bright opportunity for the growth of universal serial bus battery charger market.
The global universal serial bus battery charger market is segment on the basis of application and geography. On the basis of application market is segmented into computers and laptops, cordless phones, entertainment devices, gaming devices, smartphones and tablets, medical devices, military devices, security devices, peripheral devices and others (data center components, electronic cigarettes, lightning). Geography segment include North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and rest of the world (RoW).
Some of the major companies in global universal serial bus battery charger market are Advanced Battery Systems Inc., Apple, Astrodyne Corp. (Audax Group), Gme Technology Co. Ltd., Htc, International Electrotechnical Commission, Kensington, Samsung, Shell Electronic Limited, Silverstonetek.
The key takeaways from the report
The report will provide detailed analysis of universal serial bus battery charger market with respect to major segments such as application and geography of the market.
The report will include the qualitative and quantitative analysis with market estimation over 2016-2025 and compound annual growth rate (CAGR) between 2017 and 2025.
Comprehensive analysis of market dynamics including factors and opportunities.
An exhaustive regional analysis of universal serial bus battery charger market.
Profile of key players of the universal serial bus battery charger market, which include key financials, product & services and new developments.
Scope of Universal Serial Bus Battery Charger Market
Application Segments
Computers and laptops
Cordless phones
Entertainment devices
Gaming devices
Smartphones and tablets
Medical devices
Military devices
Security devices
Peripheral devices
Others (data center components, electronic cigarettes, lightning)
Geographical Segments
Here are the top medical innovation stories making headlines this week!
EU reports decline in cancer mortality rates
Good news: cancer mortality rates are on the decline, and are estimated to continue declining in the coming year, according to a report published last week in Annals of Oncology. The data revealed that overall cancer death rates have fallen ten percent in men and seven percent in women since 2007.
Failed quadruple limb transplant: What went wrong?
Last Friday, doctors in Turkey pushed the boundaries of modern medicine when they attempted to perform a quadruple limb transplantation in a 27 year-old man, who had previously lost his extremities after being electrocuted. The procedure was not successful and the patient died on Monday. Dr. Ali Lotfizadeh explores the recent advances and continuing challenges in limb transplantation.
Hepatitis C research: Fighting the 'Silent Epidemic'
A study released last week reported that Hepatitis C, the 'silent epidemic,' now kills more people in the US every year than HIV. Approximately 3.2 million Americans are currently infected with the Hepatitis C virus, and most have no idea. With numbers like this, Hep C cannot be ignored, and scientists are working earnestly to develop treatments and vaccines for this deadly virus.
Researchers isolate egg-producing stem cells from adult ovaries
For the first time, researchers have isolated egg-producing stem cells from the ovaries of reproductive age women and shown these cells can produce what appear to be normal egg cells, paving the way for a possible revolution in fertility.
Flu News
The flu season may have gotten off to a late start this year, but that didn't stop influenza from popping up in the headlines. In particular, reports that a type of avain flu is now spreading in fruit bats and that a universal flu vaccine may be on the horizon kept people talking about influenza.
Yerevan /Mediamax/. Famous Diaspora public figures Serj Tankian, Arsinee Khanjian and Atom Egoyan addressed all people of arts worldwide, urging them to "visit Artsakh and become partners of peace and solidarity”.
The three activists stressed that “thousands of children and young people in Artsakh are deprived of the right to create, as the country remains blocked off and the ceasefire is fragile”.
“Instead of holding a pen or a brush, thousands of talented people have to carry weapons and leave for the front line to defend their home and motherland. Because of Azerbaijan's attacks and the imposed war, these young people are deprived of their right to create in peace,” their call reads.
The public figures emphasized that talented people in Artsakh have only limited opportunities to open to the world.
“We urge all free-thinking people of arts to visit Artsakh, to establish communication and connection with local art people and creative, talented individuals, to help them get equal opportunities to reveal themselves globally and exercise their human right to create in peace and share their work with the world,” the Diaspora activists noted.
Unless your film involves dinosaurs, capes, or the force, it's rare to a get a look at a feature that's nearly year away, but today we have a treat. The first trailer for Juan Antonio Bayona‘s A Monster Calls has arrived.
With a cast featuring Lewis MacDougall, Felicity Jones, Toby Kebbell, Liam Neeson, and Sigourney Weaver, the story follows a 12-year-old boy who attempts to deal with his mother's illness and the bullying of his classmates by escaping into a fantastical world of monsters and fairy tales that explore courage, loss, and faith.
Coming from the director of The Impossible and The Orphanage, the first teaser shows off some great visuals in the Pan's Labyrinth-esque set-up, and has us quite looking forward to the release, even if it's so far away. Check it out below, and in the meantime, perhaps pick up Patrick Ness‘ novel of the same name, which the film is based on.
A Monster Calls opens on October 14th, 2016.
(image via Flickr)
Climate change, increasing inequality, acidifying oceans, unaffordable housing, and a disappearing superannuation fund—if you're a millennial in 2017 it's easy to see apocalypse on the horizon. It's also easy to feel a swell of resentment upon realisation that many of these problems are part of a bill that was, in large part, racked up by previous governments and generations.
New Zealand policy expert and Director of the Institute of Governance and Policy Studies Jonathan Boston has spent the most last decade or so working on climate change and child poverty. Over that time he's realised that they—along with many of the biggest problems we're facing—have the common feature of demanding action now to avoid disaster in a few decades' time. He's also observed that humans are often less than successful at doing that. Over and over again, we go for policies that front-load benefits—tax cuts anyone?—while backloading the costs—like, say, a climate apocalypse or housing crisis.
Boston has written a new book, Safeguarding the Future, which looks at the concept of 'anticipatory governance' and restructuring politics to value longer-term outcomes. We asked him about the book, what to do next and whether there's any hope for humanity.
VICE: Hi Jonathan. You've been working in public policy for years. At what point did this idea of anticipatory governance come up—what prompted you to write a book on it?
Jonathan Boston: In the last ten years especially, I've worked mostly around climate change and poverty, and one of the features of both is that we need to invest early to minimise long–term harm and to enjoy long–term benefits. And in both areas, many governments around the world, including New Zealand, have been very reluctant to make those early investments to minimise long-term harm. So more recently I've been working on this issue of how do we incentivise democratic political systems to safeguard the future? How do we ensure governments give adequate weight to citizens' long–term interests and future generations?
The concept of anticipatory governance probably entered academic discourse around a decade ago, so it's a relatively new concept. But the basic idea goes back probably to the dawn of civilisation.
Right. And what are the challenges that stop governments or populations making decisions now to protect the future?
Well, there are two kinds of policy problems where governments often struggle to make headway. These are creeping problems that emerge very gradually and are often imperceptible. They go unnoticed, and have very few focusing events during their early development. So they don't attract much public attention or political attention, they lack the sort of vivid, dramatic unmistakable signs that disaster is on the way. Many environmental problems are creeping: climate change, deteriorating water quality, increasing noise pollution, acidification of the oceans, so on. There are also plenty of non-environmental issues— for example, rising obesity rates, population ageing, and many others. These are policy problems that if you don't address them early they can generate very, very large costs in the future—and indeed sometimes the damage that is done is irreversible.
The second kind of problem is where governments need to invest early in order to prevent damage in the future or ensure benefits in the future. Issues like reducing child poverty: if you don't invest properly in young children then you set in train a whole series of events that will damage the life-course of individuals caught up in poverty, and that will have damaging social and economic consequences for the wider society.
"We need to be mindful that it's really only in the last 150 years that humanity has been able to do that kind of enormous, irreversible harm to the planet.
I'm also interested in, is there a cultural element to this? Are some cultures, say indigenous or more collectivist cultures, stronger at anticipatory models of governance than others, or is this a universal problem, that humans aren't very good at this?
Well, I think it's a universal problem. It is true that some indigenous cultures have very strong norms about protecting future generations and and well established principles or mottos that give voice to that. But you have to remember that most indigenous cultures, until quite recently, weren't able to do the sort of harm to the environment and to their futures that western civilisation since the industrial revolution has been able to do. We need to be mindful that it's really only in the last 150 years that humanity has been able to do that kind of enormous, irreversible harm to the planet. It is true that ancient civilisations could cut down trees and create deserts, but they couldn't so readily acidify the oceans and use nuclear weapons to bring on a nuclear winter and so on. So I think we need to be careful not to romanticise what indigenous cultures of the past may or may not have done or thought.
Having said, that there's some evidence political trust is related to other aspects of a society's culture, in particular how egalitarian that culture is in terms of income and wealth distribution. The more unequal a society is, the more divided it tends to be, and the more difficult it is for governments to negotiate long term bargains.
Can you talk to me a little more about that, how some of our political structures may not be well-formed to address longer term problems?
Well if you have an electoral system with a short parliamentary term, a three year parliamentary term, obviously that creates a set of political incentives which are going to drive politician to focus very much on short term considerations. If you have a longer parliamentary term, maybe five years, you'll ease the pressure a little bit on that political short termism, although even five years is short, from the point of view of some of the long-term issues we face. And I for one would not favour terms longer than five years because you reduce political accountability.
"I feel a lot of dread about the coming decades. I do not want to deny that.
So say with the climate change example, it's an enormous problem, it probably requires global cooperation. What kind of political environments do you think we need to create in order to address it?
Well my personal feeling is that on climate change, we need a multi–party agreement and an agreement on the basic long term goal we need to achieve, and then the kind of strategy we need to adopt in order to achieve that goal. At the moment we haven't got agreement on that goal. The goal we're going to have to achieve is relatively straightforward: we are going to have to decarbonise the New Zealand economy.
Unfortunately for a variety of reasons governments have not been willing to involve or contemplate a serious integrated multi–party agreement, embodied in legislation. A number of other countries have been successful in this regard, and there's no reason in my view why we couldn't do this in NZ. But there needs to be the political will to do so—which means agreeing this is an intergenerational problem, it's an extremely serious problem, we have to address it with urgency in a collaborative manner, and create policy that will stick.
But if the issue is political will—how do you create that in an environment where the actions you're taking would probably lose your votes?
It's not easy. But there're several ingredients. One is political leadership: leadership that understands what is at stake and is committed to protecting long term interests. And if political leaders don't understand what is at stake or value the future we have a very fundamental problem. The over thing is having a community vigorously engaged in policy issues and able to put pressure on government to act.
"In respect of climate change, humanity is going to be faced with some extremely damaging, widespread, and in some cases irreversible impacts.
Looking at some of the examples you list—ageing populations, environmental destruction, climate change—it's easy to feel a little apocalyptic. Having studied this, how hopeful are you that people can rise to the challenge?
[Long pause] I'm a realist in this context. In respect of climate change, humanity is going to be faced with some extremely damaging, widespread, and in some cases irreversible impacts. These will have profound consequences for future generations, and in my view, much of what will happen in the future is now locked in. No matter what we do in the next decade or two, some very bad things are going to happen. Having said that, I am confident there is a series of very significant technological changes occurring that will enable the global community to decarbonise the global economy at a fairly rapid rate. And I'm also confident that as more and more people see the damage that they are inflicting on the planet, that governments will be under more and more pressure to take ever more serious steps to respond.
But tragically, climate change is a classic creeping problem, where it's very easy to deny the magnitude of the problem in its early days because it's not very evident, seems so far away, and there's contested views about the seriousness and so on. We have some very big challenges ahead, and we still have a situation where there are political leaders in denial. We have a new president of the United States who appears not to accept the basic science around climate change. He's appointed a person to head his environmental protection agency who does not accept the basic science. This is tragic, and it will have consequences.
Speaking here from a faith position—because I am a Christian—I believe God has placed us in a world where we are responsible, and where we have the capacity to do great harm and great evil. And I do not believe we will be rescued from that evil: we will face the consequences, and the consequences will be very grim. But I do have hope—that ultimately we will come through, and ultimately be able to create a better future.
But I feel a lot of dread about the coming decades. I do not want to deny that—the implications on multiple fronts, the acidification of the oceans, the loss of coral, the impact of sea level rise, the loss of rainforests and massive loss of species: these are going to have huge and profound consequences and many of these consequences are essentially locked in.
Safeguarding the Future: Governing in an Uncertain World, is published by BWB Texts, and will be launched on March 23.
This interview has been condensed and edited for clarity and length.
Kevin Lewis (Photo: The Cincinnati Enquirer)
CINCINNATI -- Kevin Lewis has had a heck of a year.
Seven months ago, he had $1 million in his pocket and a big smile on his face.
He had neither Wednesday, though, when he stood before a judge and avoided going to prison for drug convictions when he was placed on three years of probation.
"I regret what I did," Lewis, 52, told Hamilton County Common Pleas Court Judge Jerome Metz Jr., "but I take full responsibility." Lewis declined to speak to The Cincinnati Enquirer.
In August, Horseshoe Cincinnati Casino awarded Lewis $1 million as part of loyalty rewards programs for regular customers. But when casino officials discovered they awarded the money to the wrong Kevin Lewis – both are the same age and live in Cincinnati – it let him keep the $1 million and gave the "right" Kevin Lewis another $1 million.
In December, the "wrong" winner was arrested on drug charges and quickly told police he sells marijuana. He also had pills and other illegal drugs on him when arrested on charges that could have sent him to prison for 5½ years.
Lewis pleaded guilty earlier this month to possession of drugs and trafficking in marijuana in exchange for prosecutors dropping two similar charges stemming from his Dec. 19 arrest near his Corryville home.
After he pleaded guilty, the judge, in a typical move, ordered Lewis to talk to court workers about his life so the judge had context on Lewis before imposing a sentence. Lewis told them the $1 million was gone, much of it spent paying the bills of others.
Lewis worked in inventory control for the Hyatt hotel, his attorney Alvertis Bishop Jr. said Wednesday in court. That meant he kept track of the forks, blankets, pillows and other hotel property.
A 2012 left hip replacement, though, left Lewis disabled – and hooked on painkillers. That's why Lewis was involved in drugs, Bishop said.
But the judge noted Lewis has three other drug convictions – in 1986, 1989 and 1990 – and has been to prison.
Lewis is now disabled and doesn't work.
In addition to sentencing Lewis to probation, the judge also ordered him to get his high school equivalency degree, undergo drug and alcohol testing and suspended his driver's license for two years.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1iCmQ9K
Navy Pier's Ferris wheel, an icon of the Chicago lakefront, will be dismantled this fall and replaced by a taller ride featuring temperature-controlled gondolas that will be ready in time for the pier's 2016 centennial.
Pier officials and Mayor Rahm Emanuel were set to announce Tuesday that the new wheel will rise to a height of 196 feet, almost 50 feet taller than the current wheel. Still, the new wheel will be 68 feet shorter than the original Ferris wheel, which was built for the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago.
The pier's new Ferris wheel also will not compete height-wise with others that have sprung up worldwide in recent years — such as the 550-foot-tall High Roller that opened last year in Las Vegas.
The Ferris wheel will cost $26.5 million, which includes construction and landscaping, said Nick Shields, a spokesman for Navy Pier Inc. Pier officials said public funds were not used to purchase the Ferris wheel, which has been privately financed by a loan from Fifth Third Bank to Navy Pier Inc. Shields declined to specify the terms of the loan.
Navy Pier Inc. is talking to some firms to sponsor the wheel, but none has committed, said Marilynn Gardner, CEO of Navy Pier Inc.
The existing wheel at Navy Pier, erected as part of the 1995 renovation of the pier, will come down in September, a spokeswoman said. The new one is expected to be in place in May, giving the pier — the state's top tourist attraction — a new look.
The construction of a new wheel comes amid a game of "Can you top this?" among cities putting up spectacular observation wheels to attract tourists.
The best-known of those wheels, the London Eye, which stands at almost 450 feet tall, has become a symbol of the revitalized British capital. New York plans to open a new wheel near Staten Island next fall that will be 630 feet tall. Construction on the 690-foot tall Dubai Eye broke ground around the same time as the one in New York.
Navy Pier is building a new Ferris wheel that will be 50 feet taller. Construction is scheduled to be complete for the pier's100th birthday celebration next summer. June 23, 2015. (WGN TV) Navy Pier is building a new Ferris wheel that will be 50 feet taller. Construction is scheduled to be complete for the pier's100th birthday celebration next summer. June 23, 2015. (WGN TV) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Those who manage the pier, however, said they are not trying to keep up with cities' attempts to outdo each other.
"I wouldn't say that bigger is always better," said Brian Murphy, chief operating officer of Navy Pier Inc., the private nonprofit that was created in 2011 to manage the pier and oversee its redevelopment. "It's more about the experience and elevating the experience with our guests with the year-round use of the wheel."
Murphy said the height of the Ferris wheel on Navy Pier is limited by space because of its location. The new wheel was chosen to fit the current wheel's configuration.
The new wheel, designed and manufactured by Dutch Wheels in the Netherlands, will have fully enclosed gondolas that are both heated and air-conditioned, which officials hope will draw tourists year-round. The gondolas in the current wheel are open-air.
The 42 new, blue gondolas will also seat up to 10 passengers versus the six that the current wheel's cars can hold. The gondolas will feature padded seats, TV screens and speakers, and a condensation system that will keep the windows from fogging up as the wheel makes its rounds.
The wheel's rim and spokes will light up with various colors and will be programmed for special occasions. The lights on the current wheel are white.
"We will have nightly light shows," Murphy said. "We expect to have a lot of fun with it."
Ticket prices, now $8 per ride, could rise, Shields said, although that has yet to be determined.
Ride times will increase from seven to 12 minutes, with three revolutions per ride as opposed to the current one, Murphy said. By comparison, a full-revolution of the High Roller in Las Vegas takes 30 minutes, and each gondola can hold up to 40 people.
The original Ferris wheel, built by George Washington Gale Ferris Jr., was a marvel in its day and a smash hit at the 1893 World's Fair on Chicago's South Side. Its moving wheel, which reached a height of 264 feet, was meant to rival the spectacle of the 1,063-foot Eiffel Tower, of the 1889 Paris Exposition.
The new Ferris wheel is part of an effort to reinvigorate Navy Pier, which has seen attendance slip. Estimated attendance last year was 8.5 million, down from a peak of 9.2 million in 2012, Shields said.
Last year, the Ferris wheel drew about 760,000 people, Shields said. That's a drop of about 25 percent from the 1 million people who rode it in 1998, three years after the pier's renovation.
The wheel will be a symbol of the changes Navy Pier is making in time for its centennial — from a garish tourist trap to a space that focuses on the meeting of Lake Michigan, Chicago's lakefront parks and the city's skyline. The pier has been renovating the promenade on its southern side, once known as Dock Street, with trees, a herringbone pattern of concrete and benches. Interior spaces are also being redone.
"We're implementing our centennial vision, and this has always been a part of it," Gardner said. "We're thrilled overall. This really gives us a world-class attraction. It gives a contemporary identity to a historic wheel."
bkamin@tribpub.com
mmrodriguez@tribpub.com
This article is over 1 year old
Surveys taken throughout 2016 show escalating impact from north to south, with 70% of shallow water corals dead north of Port Douglas
Coral bleaching on the Great Barrier Reef last year was even worse than expected, while the full impact of the most recent event is yet to be determined.
Queensland government officials say aerial and in-water surveys taken throughout 2016 had confirmed an escalating impact from north to south.
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority chairman, Russell Reichelt, said the reef had experienced significant and widespread damage over the past two years.
Great Barrier Reef 2050 plan no longer achievable due to climate change, experts say Read more
“The amount of coral that died from bleaching in 2016 is up from our original estimates and ... it's expected we'll also see an overall further coral cover decline by the end of 2017,” he said in a statement on Monday.
Surveys by the Marine Park Authority, Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service, Australian Institute of Marine Science and the ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies found the most severe bleaching north of Port Douglas.
There, an estimated 70% of shallow water corals had died, with significant variability between and within reefs.
It is now confirmed that about 29% of shallow water corals died from bleaching during 2016, up from the previous estimate of 22%, with most mortality occurring in the northern parts of the reef.
Bleaching was also found in corals beyond depths divers typically survey, but mortality could not be systematically assessed.
However, there was a strong recovery in the south in the absence of bleaching during the same period.
Officials are predicting further coral loss this year, resulting from the second consecutive year of bleaching and the impacts of tropical Cyclone Debbie.
Over the past few months bleaching occurred in a similar pattern to last year, most severely between Cairns and Townsville.
Nebraska is in the market for Utah defensive tackle graduate transfer Steve Tu'ikolovatu, but the Huskers aren't the only ones.
As HuskersIllustrated.com reported Sunday, Tu'ikolovatu is also considering Alabama, and made a trip to Tuscaloosa on Monday to check out the Crimson Tide.
Tu'ikolovatu, a 6-foot-1, 320-pound defensive tackle played in 13 games last season for the Utes, making two starts and recording 28 tackles, two sacks and six tackles for loss.
Tu'ikolovatu tied for second in the nation last season with four fumble recoveries, including one that he returned for a 37-yard touchdown against Fresno State. He appeared in 12 games in 2014, making eight tackles after missing the entire 2013 season because of a foot injury.
Tu'ikolovatu, a native of Salt Lake City, was initially a walk-on with the 2009 recruiting class, but delayed his enrollment for two years to serve an LDS mission. He will turn 25 in June.
In addition to Nebraska and Alabama, USC is also in the mix for the transfer defensive tackle.
At 21, Casey Veggies has accomplished more than most young men his age. Rapping since he was a teen, he hit the ground running when he graduated from high school. He co-founded the hip-hop collective Odd Future, went on to open up for Mac Miller on his Blue Slide Park tour and helped establish the indie record label and store Peas & Carrots. That's quite the resume for a guy under 25.
The Inglewood, Calif., native also has a loyal following despite never releasing an official album. His Twitter supporters are close to 229,000 while his Instagram game is on point with over 125,000 followers. Just listen to his catalog of mixtapes, including ‘Leanin' in Class,' the ‘Customized Greatly' trilogy, ‘Fresh Veggies' or ‘Life Changes' to understand why he has a solid fan base.
Vested in Culture, a boutique label founded by record label executive Sylvia Rhone, and Epic Records noticed his movement and is supporting the rapper with his major label debut, ‘Live & Grow.' Casey spoke to The Boombox about working with Tyler the Creator on the album, his collaboration with Iamsu! and YG on ‘Backflip' and expanding his empire to include fashion and film. Get involved in the conversation below.
The Boombox: What was it like linking up with your fellow Cali natives YG and Iamsu! on 'Backflip'? How did that come about?
Casey Veggies: It was very fun; it was a great experience. I am glad I did that being that we are all from the West. Su comes from the Bay Area, and I noticed what he was doing for the Bay -- putting on for his culture just like I have been trying to do for L.A. and YG has been doing for Compton. I felt like it was just dope to bring us all together to give the world something to turn up to because that's what YG and Su are known for.
The video looked like fun. Take us inside the studio session or video set. How was it?
It was dope. We shot it all in downtown L.A. I started off shooting early then YG came in and Su was after that. We really did just try to have fun. I wanted to give it an effect to where it's like a movie and it feels like we are doing something. I wanted to bring back that rap video aspect. I think we definitely captured what we needed to capture and I had a great time out there.
Watch Casey Veggies, IamSu! & YG in 'Backflip'
Before you had the mixtape ‘Life Changes,' now we're about to witness how things have changed on 'Live & Grow.'
Exactly! That's what this album is; the next step of ‘Life Changes.' What comes from the different things that happens when ‘Life Changes'? Whether it is good or bad or you have to experience the bad to get to the good.
What's your relationship like with Odd Future now? You guys support each other a lot. Any features from them on the album?
Yeah, man. I love Odd Future; they are my brothers. We always continue to stay in touch and stay connected. But I have a record with Tyler that it is crazy. It's a crazy song. We haven't finished it yet, but it's almost done. It's slated to be on the new album -- well, I hope and wish it would make it. But we have like three or four songs that we have been working on, but it's one that I am really in love with, so we are just going to keep building on that.
So the album is not finished yet?
The songs are complete, but you know… it's like when you are dressing yourself up. There are different things you need to put on. You might wear a jacket and a shirt underneath. So there can be a few changes and a few tweaks. We are just tightening everything up.
Let's get into the Sundance film ‘Dope.' The film differs from showing the conventional gang banging of teens growing up in Inglewood and L.A. and focuses on young black men rising in the music industry. Why was it important for you to be a part of it?
Shout out to Rick [Famuyiwa], the writer. He wrote the screenplay for ‘The Wood' too. He's a super dope person. Him and my dad were friends growing up, so it's a small world. But when I got the opportunity to be in the film, I was just super excited because growing up in Inglewood, ‘The Wood' is one of my favorite movies. The scene I did was super fun. They had me play myself as an artist performing in a scene at a party. That was my first time really being in a real film, like a short film. I had a great time doing it. My song ‘The Boy' with Hit-Boy was featured in the film.
Listen to Casey Veggies' ‘The Boy'
Any chance we will see more of Casey Veggies on the big screen soon?
Definitely. I think it's only right for me, especially because I took drama classes in middle school. But I want to tackle the music all the way like I know I can and then I definitely put some time and effort into doing a movie.
What did you think of YG's short film?
It was awesome. YG killed it. I talked to him about it before it came it. He was telling me how he got it done. He has a crazy imagination. But really it's not his imagination because he's just talking about the stuff he sees. When I watched it, there was a lot of stuff that hit home. He talks about the culture of L.A. and what is going on there.
About a year ago LA Weekly released an interview with you talking about signing on with Roc Nation to combine hustles and build your brand. How has it worked out and what are some things you learned from joining forces with Roc Nation?
One of the main things I've learned since signing with the Roc is that you have to step up to the plate. You have to treat your career as if you were your on boss. Represent yourself as if you don't have anybody behind you. Even though it is a blessing to have a team and to have Roc Nation and Epic Records behind me, I have to operate and move as if Casey Veggies didn't have anyone. I have to boss up and rise to the occasion. That's one thing my mom always taught me -- to rise to the occasion. I am maturing and learning to approach the business with a dope business mind.
Besides your own project, which artist's album are you looking forward to dropping this year?
I am looking forward to Kendrick Lamar's album, Ty Dolla $ign, and Travi$ Scott -- that's my dog. I know also Dom Kennedy is going to drop a new album too. I am looking forward to all my homies because I am excited to see what they do.
You're a major sneaker head. What do you think of Meek's new Puma collection. You happen to have the gold high-top joints on now.
Yeah, [ laughs ]. I have them on early. I ain't gonna lie these s---s are hard. People f--- with them heavy, I mean I like them. I don't really do shiny shoes like that, but they are dope.
Are you seeking to do another Puma collaboration soon?
Yeah. That's all I have been thinking about right now. I ain't gonna be the only one without my own shoe [ laughs ]. I've been thinking about that a lot, but I was just focused more on the album.
At 21, you have achieved a lot. What do you want your legacy in music to be? What do you want people to know Casey Veggies for?
I want to be remembered as that young kid who stood up to his dreams. I want to be known as that young kid who inspired a whole world full of other young kids to be something. For all the kids who don't have that sense of urgency or sense of ambition that I was blessed to have, I want to show them it's possible. I always wanted to represent for the youth in a big way. I like to have fun and have good time, but I want people to be like, "He always made me think," because I am always thinking about my next move. I am just a child of God who inspires the youth.
Posted on March 26, 2015
O'Reilly: The Spinning of Obama's Mistakes Must Stop
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Finally today the Army clarified the Bergdahl situation.
He will be charged with two crimes after leaving his unit in Afghanistan:
COL. DANIEL KING, U.S. ARMY FORCES COMMAND: “Sgt. Bergdahl is charged under the Uniform Code of Military Justice with one count of Article 85, Desertion with Intent to Shirk Important or Hazardous Duty. And one count of Article 99 -- Misbehavior Before the Enemy by Endangering the Safety of a Command, Unit or Place.”
It is the second charge, endangering the safety of his fellow infantrymen, that is most serious. If convicted, Sgt. Bergdahl could get life in a military prison.
The first count of desertion carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison. Both charges, if there is a conviction, mean a reduction in rank and forfeiture of pay, which in Bergdahl's case could be more than $300,000.
The Army's decision today is an acute embarrassment for President Obama.
You may remember that last May, the President met with the Sargent's parents at the White House, trumpeting the deal he made to secure Bergdahl's release from the Taliban who held him for nearly five years.
The prisoner swap was five for one. Five top Taliban commanders for Bowe Bergdahl.
Those terrorists will be released from supervision in Qatar in a few weeks, free to return to the Afghan battlefield, free to kill Americans if they can.
From the beginning, many Americans thought the deal was bad for the country but the president and his acolytes disagreed:
ABC's “This Week” on June 1, 2014
SUSAN RICE, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR: “Certainly, anybody who has been held in those conditions in captivity for five years has paid an extraordinary price. But that is really not the point. The point is he's back. He's going to be safely reunited with his family. He served the United States with honor and distinction.”
But according to the Army, Bowe Bergdahl did not serve with honor and distinction and instead may spend the rest of his life in prison.
So if you are a supporter of the Obama administration, what do you say now?
It is long past time for Americans to stop the ideological nonsense and see things for what they really are.
Mr. Obama has made very serious mistakes in foreign policy and the entire War on Terror is now going against the good guys -- us and other anti-jihadist nations.
The mistakes must stop. The president must begin to see the terror threat for what it is and aggressively try to defeat it.
Leaving U.S. troops in Afghanistan for the time being is a smart move.
Negotiating a tough nuke deal with Iran would send a very strong signal and actually unite this country, so I really hope Mr. Obama and Mr. Kerry will achieve that and present it to Congress.
In the meantime Bowe Bergdahl is a man in crisis and the Obama administration totally botched this whole deal.
And that's the memo.
A year ago Thomas Chabot rode a late invitation to summer camp all the way to a roster spot at the 2016 IIHF World Junior Championship
17 National Junior TEam“For sure I was disappointed.”
Last year 40 players received invitations to Canada's National Junior Team Sport Chek Summer Development Camp in Calgary, Alta.
Thomas Chabot was not one of them.
Three months earlier the defenceman had played for Canada's National Men's Under-18 Team at the 2015 IIHF U18 World Championship. He recorded a goal and four assists in seven games and won a bronze medal. He felt good about how he'd played.
Alas, he seemed destined to spend the first week of August working out on his own, taking advantage of some rare alone time in what had been a busy draft year (Chabot was a first-round pick of the Ottawa Senators).
Then an injury to another player opened up a spot on the blue-line.
Chabot was the next man up.
“That's an interesting call [to make] because you've already left him off,” says Ryan Jankowski, director of player personnel for Hockey Canada. “In their minds they've maybe been snubbed a little bit. However, you also hear the excitement in their voice because they've been left off but now all of a sudden they're invited and ready to go. I think at that point it's I've got something to prove here because I wasn't on at first.”
Chabot was a bit of a late bloomer, a part of neither the Program of Excellence's under-17 program nor the under-18 summer program.
An increase in responsibility with the Saint John Sea Dogs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League brought his game along.
“They gave me a lot of ice time so I could play both ways up the ice,” says Chabot. “I worked a lot with my coaches back in junior on my defensive side to get better, stronger, harder in front of the net – little details like that. My game has grown lots in the past two years.”
Excited to receive an invitation to camp after all, Chabot left his expectations at home and flew to Calgary determined to prove that he could play at the next level.
“He was an easy guy to bring in,” says Jankowski, “which was important for him because he got an opportunity to show that he was a world-class player at the under-20 level and then it kind of took off. I think his confidence took off and he had a great start to the year.”
Chabot received an invitation to Canada's National Junior Team Sport Chek Selection Camp in December, then earned a spot on the team's final roster for the 2016 IIHF World Junior Championship, the lone 18-year-old defenceman on the team's blue-line.
He joined returnee Joe Hicketts on the top pairing.
“I had a role for both ways up the ice,” he says. “I had the chance to prove myself offensively with my power play ice time, but overall I think my role was more trying to shut down the top players on the other teams.”
He returned home with a ton of confidence. As the team's only returning defenceman at camp this year, he knows he'll be looked upon to lead this time around.
Jankowski expects him to build off of what he learned last year – just how intense and difficult the competition is – and for the team to move forward building him as part of a key group of returning players.
“I want to see him be the elite player that he can be,” says Jankowski. “There's a shift – when you're an 18-year-old you're just coming in to prove yourself, see what you can do and see where you stack up. When you come in as a 19-year-old returning player there are expectations that you're going to work with the other players that haven't been there before for them to understand how difficult [the tournament is] and how important it is to us.”
Chabot hopes that leadership role continues right through to the New Year.
“I had a chance to play [at the World Juniors] last year as an 18-year-old, so I think I'm ready for it,” he says. “I want to do it again and be playing against the top players from other teams. I'm expecting I'm going to be, but for sure I'm going to have to work to get that spot again.”
There's added incentive to keep his place on the team: not only to avenge a disappointing sixth-place finish in Finland but also to play to a full partisan house on home soil.
Chabot is used to seeing 5,000 fans a night in the QMJHL. There could be close to four times that many people a game in Montreal and Toronto.
“I remember watching it two years ago and it looked crazy,” he says. “To have the chance to play on the team again would be special.”
The SPOT Gen 3 is the newest device is the SPOT family of satellite-based personal locator beacons and communication devices designed for outdoor adventurers and represents a significant improvement over the earlier SPOT II in terms of usability and functionality.
My History Using a SPOT II
I've carried a SPOT II Satellite GPS Messenger on every backpacking and day hiking trip I've taken since 2010 because it gives my wife peace-of-mind. That's a small price for the freedom she gives me to trot off and hike so much.
But it's not the ability to call SAR that she like so much. It's the fact that I can send her a daily OK message via a Satellite when I'm deep in the backcountry and out of cell phone range. She just wants to know that I'm ok and I can understand that.
But the SPOT II has some real usability issues, most notably the buttons which you use to turn it on and off, or used to send OK or Custom Messages. They don't work over 50% of the time, and you may need to push them a dozen times before they activate. This is very frustrating!
A True Confession
I once got so frustrated with the SPOT II buttons that I stabbed them with a swiss army knife to see if that would work better than pushing them with my fingers. They didn't, but REI gave me a full refund, anyway, no questions asked.
Much Better Usability
Rejoice. The usability of the buttons on the new SPOT Gen 3 Satellite GPS messenger is vastly better than the SPOT II. Vastly. But the upgrade from a SPOT II is very expensive, particularly the annual subscription fee and the optional new services that the new device enables.
The new Gen 3 buttons are made of hard plastic and provide the appropriate tactile feedback that you'd expect from triggering a mechanical device. There's even a separate on-off switch now.
The new device also provides visual feedback (flashing lights) when it's turned on and off, when you enable and disable tracking or when you send one of your two pre-canned message. The old SPOT II did this poorly so you never really knew if it was doing what you wanted.
In addition, the SPOT Gen 3 is also waterproof and has a USB port which you can use to add capabilities to it, upgrade the device's firmware to fix bugs and future proof your investment, and which brings it into the world of “smarter” devices.
Unfortunately SPOT hasn't upgraded the usability of their FINDMESPOT.com web site which you still need to use to activate service plans, customize your preprogrammed messages, and create shared route pages. That's still one of the worst web sites I have to deal with, but once you set things up you can avoid returning to it almost indefinitely.
An Introduction to the SPOT
If you're new to the SPOT and have never seen or heard about it, it's a very popular, consumer-oriented, personal locator beacon that operates on a private satellite network called GEOS instead of the public, international one used by other similar devices.
The basic idea is simple – push a button and emergency responders will come to your rescue, even if you don't have cell phone service, almost anywhere in the world. The benefit of running the SPOT service over a private satellite network instead of a public one, is that you can customize the messages that are sent, including the ability to send non-emergency or tracking messages to friends or family.
In order to trigger a message, you press one of the buttons on the front of the SPOT devices, which provide the common set of basic functions:
Check-In: Let contacts know where you are (GPS location) and that you're okay (see above).
Custom Message: Let contacts know where you are by sending a second (possibly different) pre-programmed message with your GPS location.
Track: Automatically saves your location data and allow contacts to track your progress using Google Maps via a web page.
Help/SPOT Assist: Request non-emergency help from friends or family at your GPS location.
SOS: In an emergency, send an SOS with your GPS location to GEOS, who will contact the appropriate agency to come and rescue you.
Unlimited and Enhanced Tracking Services
Besides device usability, the main difference between the SPOT Gen 3 and the SPOT II is motion activated tracking and the ability to limit how often tracking updates are logged, be it on 2.5, 5, 10, 30, or 60 minute intervals. Both of these function preserve battery life, but who really needs them?
I reckon backcountry skiers, helicopter pilots, adventure athletes and possibly guidebook authors are the people who would most likely benefit from the advanced tracking capabilities. But let's face it, sending 10 minute location updates is only useful for entertainment, documentation, or body recovery purposes. It serves little purpose from a backcountry safety or rescue perspective because there's no such thing as instant rescue assistance in the backcountry – unlike urban EMS.
Note: No one should expect a backcountry rescue to be called in if they've stopped moving for 10 minutes unless they specifically send an SOS message. Even then the rule of thumb is that it takes rescuers 1 hour to reach you for every 1/4 mile you are from a trail head. There is no substitute for self-sufficiency.
I question whether people really need unlimited or extreme tracking.
Improved Battery Life
In addition to the new tracking capabilities, the battery life on the SPOT Gen 3 is over twice that of the SPOT II giving it the ability to transmit over 1,000 check-in or custom messages on a single set of batteries. But the SPOT Gen 3 requires 4 x AAA Lithium or NiMH rechargeable batteries or a 5v USB line connection, while the SPOT II requires 3 x AAA batteries and cannot be powered externally.
Message Reliability
One of the problems with the SPOT II was message reliability, particularly for tracking and check-in messages, where users reported delayed or lost messages which never arrived. It used to happen to me very frequently when the SPOT II first came onto the market, but much less so in recent years, which I think is probably due to improved satellite coverage or network reliability.
Various reasons were given by SPOT for dropped messages including low battery power or that narrow canyons and tree cover blocks satellite message delivery. I was never really satisfied with those explanations because the device always reported successful transmission based on its flashing light feedback.
In you're in North America or Europe, SPOT claims that there is a “99% or better probability of successfully sending a single message in 20 minutes,” but when you start to pull that statement apart, it's really not clear what it means or if it means anything except in the most ideal testing scenarios.
While I haven't had any issues with dropped check-in messages or tracking since I started testing the SPOT Gen 3, I can't definitively say that message reliability has improved. That's why I plan to continue testing this device on backcountry trips for the next few months.
Recommendation
I am excited to see the new usability improvements in the SPOT Gen 3. The device is much more idiot-proof and message reliability has improved noticeably. While I question the utility of the enhanced tracking capabilities available in this new version of the product, I'm a dedicated user of the OK check-in messages that you can send using the Spot Gen 3. I rely on this device to let my wife know that I'm ok in the backcountry and will continue to use it in the future.
Disclaimer: SPOT provided Philip Werner (SectionHiker.com) with a loaner SPOT Gen 3 device and a 6 month unlimited tracking plan to test the device and write this review.
Most Popular Searches
spot gen3 review
spot gen 3 review
spot gen3
Editor's note: Help support this site by making your next gear purchase through one of the links above. Click a link, buy what you need, and the seller will contribute a portion of the purchase price to support SectionHiker's unsponsored gear reviews, articles, and hiking guides.
It looks like a long shot now, but if Roger Clemens ever makes it to Cooperstown, he wants a Red Sox cap on his plaque because it's the team he identifies most with over his career.
“I spent 13 years here, I worked hard man, so this is.. it's where I got my start,” Clemens said. “I got my nickname here, the kids today still call me Rocket more than they do Roger so it is pretty cools. At home, I probably have more Red Sox stuff than I do any other club I played for…
“I don't think you have any control over [picking the cap for Cooperstown]… but obviously [my choice] would be Boston. I spent most of my time here.”
Advertisement
But the seven-time Cy Young award winner said Thursday that getting into the national Hall of Fame isn't something that concerns him right now.
“As far as the baseball Hall of Fame, the one in Cooperstown, I had zero control over that,” Clemens said before his induction into the Red Sox Hall of Fame on Thursday. “So if that happens, it'd be great. I have my own thoughts on it, but I'll save that for one day, hopefully, when I can get that and write that on paper, too, so there are some good thoughts about that.”
Clemens — who hasn't come close to the 75 percent vote required to gain election to the Hall in the past two years — was asked if the honor was something that was important to him.
“I don't know that it's that important,” Clemens said. “It's not going to change me as a person. I tell people that we've got bits and pieces of me there now. We go visit those people and they're great to us, but it's not something I sit up and worry about every day. I'm far too busy to worry about something like that.”
Advertisement
Clemens would be lock for the Hall of Famer if he hadn't been in the national spotlight for years defending charges that he used performance-enhancing drugs.
“I know what I did in my career and I did it right. And I can't control what people think or people that don't look at facts. It looks like a long shot now, but if Roger Clemens ever makes it to Cooperstown, he wants a Red Sox cap on his plaque. So I can have no control over that.”
Clemens pitched 13 years for the Red Sox and won as many games in a Boston uniform as Cy Young. But in 1996, Clemens had a bitter split with the club, signed with the Blue Jays, and two years later joined the rival New York Yankees.
Buy Tickets
Clemens was asked if it was fair that a pitcher with 354 career wins gets shut out of Cooperstown.
“I have no control whether it's fair or not,” Clemens said.
When he was asked if he had done anything differently in the past 15 years, Clemens replied, “Nothing.”
Clemens will be honored at Fenway before Thursday night's game against the Houston Astros, along with Pedro Martinez and Nomar Garciaparra, and longtime radio broadcaster Joe Castiglione.
A North Carolina man is trying to explain how his car ended up in a swimming pool.
Someone noticed the empty car submerged in the swimming pool at an apartment complex.
Police think the car plunged in early Friday morning.
The driver later told police he was the owner, and said the car rolled into the pool after he got out, thinking it was in park.
"I hopped out, and looked back and I saw my car rolling," said James Bradley Poe.
Poe says he tried to stop the car, but it was too late.
He said he then left it in the pool because he had to go home to care for his son.
Poe has been cited for leaving the scene, and for not having car insurance.
This article is over 1 year old
Julia will appear on the children's TV show for the first time in April, to raise awareness and celebrate differences of those who are diagnosed with autism
Sesame Street is adding a new character to its ranks – a muppet called Julia, who has autism.
Bravo, Sesame Street – your character with autism will erode ignorance | Rhiannon Lucy Cosslett Read more
Julia, a four-year-old with bright orange hair, a pink dress and a favorite toy rabbit called Fluffster, will make her debut on 10 April in an episode called “Meet Julia”. She has already appeared in Sesame Street cartoons and books, but this will be her first appearance on the famous children's show.
“We wanted to address autism in general because of the growing number of children who are diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder,” Sherrie Westin, EVP of global social impact and philanthropy at Sesame Workshop, the non-profit behind Sesame Street, told the Guardian.
“We felt that creating a character who was autistic would allow children to identify her but equally important, it would allow us to model for all children the differences and commonalities of a child with autism.
“It was an opportunity to help explain autism and to help increase awareness and understanding.”
On Monday, Sesame Street released a number of video clips featuring Julia. One shows her sitting at a table, painting with some of the other characters. Big Bird arrives and says hello to Julia, who carries on with her work rather than saying hello back.
Big Bird and Sesame Street stalwart Elmo appeared on CBS's 60 minutes on 17 March, to talk with host Lesley Stahl. Big Bird told Stahl he had initially been perturbed by Julia's lack of response.
“I thought that maybe she didn't like me,” Big Bird said.
“We had to explain to Big Bird that Julia likes Big Bird,” Elmo said. “It's just that Julia has autism. So sometimes it takes her a little longer to do things.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sesame Street introduces Julia to the Associated Press.
Later in the episode – according to a clip seen by the Associated Press – Julia becomes distressed when a siren goes off.
“She needs to take a break,” the muppets' human friend Alan calmly explains. Julia soon relaxes and the friends carry on playing.
Sesame Street's Count von Count and the lack of foreign voices on children's TV Read more
Another video shows Elmo approaching Julia, who is playing with Fluffster on her own. Elmo sees that Julia is focused on her own activity and says: “We can play side by side, like we do sometimes.”
“There are lots of ways to play,” Elmo tells the camera.
Julia's introduction is part of an initiative: “Sesame Street and Autism: See Amazing in all Children”. Sesame Workshop said it consulted with more than 250 organizations and experts over a five-year period, ahead of unveiling the character.
Julia is played by puppeteer Stacey Gordon, who told the Associated Press her 13-year-old son also has autism.
“The ‘Meet Julia' episode is something that I wish my son's friends had been able to see when they were small,” Gordon said. “I remember him having meltdowns and his classmates not understanding how to react.”
Sorry about not posting yesterday, I'm still sick, and just wasn't up to posting. I am feeling much better today so I'm going to try and get some extra stuff up to day to make up for it. Now for today's written post.
If you are here for today's Painting follow the link.
When Google was first hitting it big my dad became very annoyed. He was annoyed because he had read up on how the search algorithm worked. See, he knew that the algorithm looked at what everyone else was clicking and moved those links to the top, a bit of knowledge which has since lead to untold amounts of abuse. What he would say was “just because its more popular doesn't make it better.” No as a logical statement this is perfectly sound. just because a thing is popular, does not make it better. But there are two things that my father had failed to realize. The first is that all of those people you had started to use Google back then had access to all of the other search engines that he has access to, including his favorite, Dogpile. Dogpile is actually a meta search engine, which is to say that it searches other search engines. This is actually a great idea in principle, but in practice leaves something to be desired, since in the results are mostly not what you want, and since it searches Google anyways you usually end up clicking on its link, not always but still.
The second thing, and this is the one that made me want to talk about the subject this morning, is that in many cases something being popular does mean it's better. Let me elaborate. There are two scientific principles that are essential to this line of thinking, the first is the regression to the mean, which states that the more test samples you have the less extreme the average will be over the course of time. the second principle is the law of large numbers which says that the larger the sample pool is the more precise the average will become. These two closely related principles combined with a fairly new theory called Crowd Wisdom, reveal the true power of Google.
Crowd Wisdom works like this, if you have a large number of level headed individuals, from a diverse set of backgrounds and have them all just guess, their average will be incredibly accurate. The Ideas are the all of the outliers, the high guesses and low guesses will nullify each other leaving only the most accurate guesses. The same principle is in action with the Google search algorithm, they bank on the majority of inquiries will be satisfied by the best available link. It also makes an assumption that is more and more at the heart social values today, that we are all essentially the same. It assumes that if I am interested in a certain website when I make my specific search, that you will be interested in it too.
This level of assumed empathy is incredible, and I think that it is an indication of this to come. I think that the world is really finally coming around the idea that in essence we are all equal, that are values, as far as what really important are the same. People are being to see that there are no bad guys, there are no good guys we are all just people trying to do what we think is right.
And that's my take on Google and empathy.
And for
Advertisements
This article is over 3 years old
But the former prime minister admits her government engaged in ‘disruption activity' to stop people smugglers leaving Indonesia
Julia Gillard: no asylum-seeker boats were paid to turn back when I was PM
Former prime minister Julia Gillard says no boats carrying asylum seekers were paid to turn back while she was in power, weighing in on claims that payments were made to people smugglers.
“We didn't have the policy of turning the boats around, so no, Labor did not operate the policy it is now asserted,” she told BBC's Hardtalk program.
But she admitted that her government had engaged in so-called “disruption activity” to stop people smugglers leaving Indonesia.
“Absolutely we worked to try and prevent people smuggling,” Gillard said.
People smuggler payment claims: Labor backs away from pursuit of Coalition Read more
The sentiments echo those of her former colleagues.
On Thursday the shadow attorney general, Mark Dreyfus, told ABC Radio that people who are familiar with intelligence operations “would think it's surprising if Australian intelligence agencies and Australian federal police working in other countries was not on occasions paying for information”.
Earlier in the week Labor launched a full-scale attack on the Coalition over claims people smugglers were paid $US31,000 last month to turn their boats back to Indonesia, but wound the attack back after the opposition leader, Bill Shorten, refused to comment on whether people smugglers had been paid under Labor's watch.
Reports in the Australian newspaper on Thursday claimed Australian spies paid people in Java to halt the departure of asylum-seeker boats while Gillard and her predecessor Kevin Rudd were in office.
The report claimed that, while paying people smugglers was not a fixed policy, it had been used in individual cases in the past.
But Dreyfus said paying boats to turn back was a whole different matter that “absolutely crosses the line”.
“That may very well be a crime under Australian law if not Indonesian law. It is no wonder there is now an Indonesian government investigation [into the allegations],” Dreyfus said.
Indonesia has slammed the Australian government's refusal to confirm or deny the allegations, which it has labelled “bribery”.
Gillard defended her legacy on asylum-seeker policy, arguing that the failed Malaysian people swap deal would have worked if the Coalition had supported it.
“I believe the solution we designed with Malaysia was going to be an effective solution. Had we been able to implement it I think people would have said we got the response right,” Gillard said.
The Japan international completed his move to AC Milan on Wednesday and fulfilled a lifelong ambition he first envisaged upon graduating from elementary school
When Keisuke Honda joined AC Milan on a three-and-a-half year from CSKA Moscow on Wednesday his childhood dreams came true.The Japan international claimed he had always dreamt of playing in Serie A following his unveiling and an essay written by Honda at the age of 13 reveals just how accurate his teenage premonition actually was.The 27-year-old wrote the essay when he was graduating from elementary school as part of a tradition in Japanese schools and below is a translated version of his schoolboy prophecy.[Written in March 1999, translation by Dan Orlowitz]When I grow up, I want to be the best football player in the world. No, I will become the best.To be the best player in the world, you have to practice harder than anyone else. That's why I'm working hard right now.I'm not a very good player, but I'll work hard and absolutely become the world's greatest. When I become the world's best, I want to become rich and repay my parents.I'll become famous in the World Cup and be called to play for a Serie A team. After that I'll become a regular and play as No.10.I want to earn 4 billion yen a year [Note: in 1999 this would have been €30.7m. At today's exchange rate it is €28.1m]I dream that one day I'll sign a contract with Puma and design spikes or training wear, and people around the world will go out to buy them.Then I'll appear in the tournament everyone in the world pays attention to every four years, the World Cup.After playing well in Italy I'll come back to Japan, have meetings [with the JFA], be given the No.10 uniform and become the team's figurehead.I want to beat Brazil 2-1 in the [World Cup] final.My dream is to team up with my older brother [Hiroyuki Honda was set to turn pro in 2005 but retired due to injury. He's now Keisuke's agent], outwit the world's strongest team, trade good passes with him, and score a goal in that game.
Since the allegations started being levelled against North Korea for potential involvement in the compromise of Sony Pictures Entertainment, there has been a stark increase in focus on North Korean cyber capabilities from the information security community. This includes, but is certainly not limited to, the outage of North Korea's network blocks and the security vulnerabilities discovered in the custom Linux distribution named Red Star. Recently, a security researcher has pointed out malware which is hosted on the Korean Central News Agency website.
Korean Central News Agency
The Korean Central News Agency at kcna.kp has been described as the primary news website for North Korea. The slow to respond website appears to host a number of news stories related to North Korea with a strong focus on Kim Jong-un. A perceptive reader may notice that every picture below contains Kim Jong-un.
This site provides a number of stories (with questionable degrees of truth) in a number of languages. When we view the English version of the site, we can see that a number of these stories appear to be focusing on negative aspects of South Korea, while others focus on Kim Jong-un walking around and looking at things.
As a security researcher pointed out, if we look at the HTML source of the root page of the website, we can see that a path, "/download/FlashPlayer10.zip", is stored in a Javascript variable. If we check Archive.org, we can see that this Javascript was on the site as far back as January 2013.
Once this ZIP file is downloaded and opened, we can see two executable files inside it.
Install Flash Player 10 ActiveX.exe Install Flash Player 10 Plugin.exe
The Malware
These executables are intended to be run by an unsuspecting user attempting to install the correct version of Flash in order to get full enjoyment out of the news stories. Without much surprise, these Flash installers being served up on servers not belonging to Adobe are malware.
If we look at these with CylanceV, we can see that our machine learning based detection engine identifies these samples as threats with no doubt in its conviction.
Both these executables were compiled in March of 2012. The antivirus industry's detection of this malware is also strong, likely due to the age of this malware, and how long ago it was submitted to public and private malware feeds. When executed, a legitimate installer for the Adobe product is executed in parallel with malware. The malware binded with these installers injects itself into an instance of Explorer.exe and then proceeds to drop and execute a sequence of other malware samples.
During the execution of these samples, the domain a.gwas.perl.sh is resolved by the malware. The WHOIS information for perl.sh has only changed slightly over time, and appears to have only pointed to the one IP address (211.233.75.83).
If we search for other domains related to this owner, we find the following domains:
dnserver.com 211.233.75.80 None, None, Korea, Republic of dnsever.co.kr 211.233.75.80 None, None, Korea, Republic of dnsserver.co.kr 211.233.75.80 None, None, Korea, Republic of dnsever.kr 211.233.75.80 None, None, Korea, Republic of myhome.tv 211.233.75.83 None, None, Korea, Republic of perl.sh 211.233.75.83 None, None, Korea, Republic of wo.tc 211.233.75.83 None, None, Korea, Republic of
The resulting IP address of the DNS query of a.gwas.perl.sh (211.233.75.83) is then sent a DNS query, where the target domain is a string which presumably identifies features about the infected victim. One detonation of these samples resulted in the following DNS queries.
There have not been any responses observed from 211.233.75.83 for these requests. This IP points to a server in South Korea which appears to have at one point hosted a DNS server and HTTP server. There are a number of other domains which refer to this IP address either now, or during 2014:
apachezone.wo.tc
arche.wo.tc
arpa.wikion.net
aus.wo.tc
batista.wo.tc
bike.wikion.com
bliqh.nitef.perl.sh
blogist.net
blogner.com
blogner.net
cheongju.wo.tc
codisk.com
codisk.net
cscs.wo.tc
cydisk.com
cydisk.net
danet.wo.tc
darkstar.wo.tc
ddisk.com
ddisk.net
dlmjc.ip.or.kr
felix.wo.tc
flslwl.wo.tc
gogoblog.net
gosu82.wo.tc
hanirc.wo.tc
head.wo.tc
hiraco.wo.tc
icgv.wikion.com
in-addr.arpa.wikion.net
ip.ne.kr
ip.or.kr
irc.oper.wo.tc
junglimenc.myhome.tv
kaenium0.wo.tc
kumnam.iunique.wo.tc
kyano.myhome.tv
linux.ne.kr
mahokokr.wo.tc
mid.ip.or.kr
music25.wo.tc
myhome.tv
ninetail.wo.tc
nix.perl.sh
onedisk.net
opc.wo.tc
oper.wo.tc
perl.sh
pips.wo.tc
pongpong.wo.tc
posvpn.wo.tc
ptp.wo.tc
ratukiel.wo.tc
rosej.blogner.com
server.ne.kr
sis.la
s----------k----------y.ip.or.kr
slotxe.wo.tc
storygem.fobikr.wo.tc
team1ab.wo.tc
test24.wo.tc
When searching for other malware samples that reference this IP address, we also see the domains wakaoo.wo.tc and mbkorean.wo.tc as well as another reference to a.gwas.perl.sh being used in a similar fashion with malware samples going back to 2010. As we can see with CylanceV, our machine learning models detect this malware as well.
Conclusion
This North Korean news site is serving malware with no sign of compromise. This has presumably been the case for at least two years. After some digging into details related to the malware's operation, we can see that this is not the only malware developed by this author, and that they use similar techniques for command and control communications across different samples. If you want to stay safe from this malware, as well as almost all other malware, I highly suggest using CylancePROTECT.
Samples
Samples are available on VirusShare.com
ATHENS, GA. – Mark Richt flew across the country on Sunday to visit quarterback recruit Jacob Eason, a visit that was rare, a surprise – including to Eason – and very possibly a message on several fronts.
Even if Richt publicly claimed it wasn't.
“We just had a good visit, just kinda hung out together,” Richt said. “The message was just enjoying each other's company.”
It's exceedingly rare for a head coach to make a recruiting visit during the season, unless it's a bye week. Richt's visit came a day after Georgia won at Auburn, and six days before the home finale with Georgia Southern.
Eason is a five-star recruit who lives in Lake Stevens, Wash. He has been committed to the Bulldogs for more than a year and expected to enroll at UGA in January.
The surprise visit drew a lot of interest; Richt's standard Sunday teleconference – which he did from an airport – was dominated by questions about Eason. Richt didn't seem to mind.
Asked why he felt it was important to go, Richt painted it as more one made out of convenience, as NCAA rules usually don't allow him to make in-home visits right now but he can with Eason because the player has signed his financial aid papers. (That's also why Richt was free to talk about Eason and tweet out a picture of their breakfast together.)
“It was unique in that way, really to start with,” Richt said. “And it worked out. It was an early game, we were near the airport, it was kind of a natural.”
Richt hopped on a plane Saturday on the way back from Auburn. He got into Seattle and was in bed before midnight Pacific time. (“I usually don't sleep after a game anyway,” Richt said.) He drove to Eason's house on Sunday morning, and while Jacob slept in Richt visited with his parents and sister.
“Then I went in there and woke him up and surprised him,” Richt said. “It was kinda fun that I snuck up on him.”
They grabbed a late breakfast – which Richt and Eason both tweeted a picture of – then Richt headed for the airport. He planned to watch Georgia Southern film on the way back to Georgia.
There have been questions swirling about Richt's job security, as the Bulldogs (7-3) have failed to make the SEC championship game for a third straight season. The play of the offense, and at quarterback, has been a chief culprit.
The long trip west would appear to be a sign that Richt has no plans to depart on his own. And it could also serve as a message by Richt to fans that help is on the way.
It could also be an effort for Richt to shore up Eason's commitment, though he and his father have consistently said that the quarterback is solid to Georgia – as long as Richt is still the coach.
Eason, assuming he enrolls as planned, is widely expected to play right away at Georgia, if not start. But Richt, asked about expectations for the quarterback, was careful not to provide any headlines.
“The only expectation that Jacob has is to come in and learn what to do and try to help the team win any way he can,” Richt said.
I got screwed for my gifter but I was very lucky not only to be rematched to a very generous redditor, but one that lives in Japan, The birthplace of the lovable monster of the pocket.
I waited for a while but it was well worth it as you can see below.
Polarbearmonster wel beyond "above and beyond" to make this exchange special for me. And receiving this bounty after being dissed by my original match was a big surprise. I got a build it yourself Charizard, a plush toy of a yet-unidentified Pokémon (Sorry! i only know 151!), an origami set with instructions included as to how to make little pikachus (not a sex thing as i discovered after numerous papercuts), cookies of pikachu, heart-felt letters that had effort put into them and more. Certainly reward-worthy for renewing my faith in reddit-anity.
Thankyou Polarbearmonster........Eat my family and i'll come after you and cut your face off :P
In bladesmithing, fullers are often used in pairs. The upper fuller has a flat surface for striking with a hammer, while the lower fuller has a square peg that fits into the anvil. The fullers displace material in the blade, causing it to move sideways and bulge outward from the surface.
A fuller is a rounded or beveled longitudinal groove or slot along the flat side of a blade (e.g. a sword, knife, or bayonet) that is made using a blacksmithing tool called a spring swage or, like the groove, a fuller. A fuller is often used to lighten the blade. When combined with proper distal tapers, heat treatment and blade tempering, a fullered blade can be 20% to 35% lighter than a non-fullered blade without any sacrifice of strength or blade integrity. This effect lessens as the blade is reduced in length. A blade is said to be "fullered" after introduction of the groove.
Fullers used to be called "blood grooves" or "blood gutters" by some antiquarians, although their purpose has nothing to do with blood.
Etymology [ edit ]
The term "fuller" is from the Old English fuliere, meaning "one who fulls (pleats) cloth." It is derived from the Latin word fullo. The first recorded use of the term as a blacksmithing tool is from 1864, according to Webster's Dictionary.[1] The term used in historical Europe is largely unknown, and due to the constantly changing nature of language, the popular term also may have varied from generation to generation. King Thrasamund of the Vandals was recorded in a letter to King Theodoric the Ostrogoth, giving thanks for a gift of swords, and refers to the fullers in the blades as simply grooves: "...their centers, hollowed out with beautiful grooves, seem to undulate with worm-like markings; for shadows of such variety you would think the metal was interwoven rather than shining with different colors."[2] The French often use the term goutiere (gutter) or cannelure (channel). The ancient Viking term is unknown.[3] As a verb, the old French term "gutter" meant "to cut small hollows," as in the gutter of a crossbow.[4] The terms "blood channel," "blood groove" echo German Blutrinne, a misleading antiquarian term in use from the 1840s.
Tool [ edit ]
A wide variety of blacksmithing swages.
As a blacksmithing tool, a fuller is a type of swage. A Sage is a tool that has a particular shape forged into its surface, which is used to imprint that shape into the metal. Swages are often tools with handles and various shaped heads, which are placed between the hammer and the workpiece, allowing the smith to work the steel into various shapes that would be impossible to make with a hammer alone. Swage blocks are often anvil-like blocks with various shapes forged in them, also for forming metal. The term "swage" is from the Old French "souage," meaning "decorative groove" or "ornamental moulding."
Fullers, in particular, are swages that have a cylindrical or beveled face, typically three to six inches long, which are used for imprinting grooves into the steel. If a groove is to be applied to both sides of the steel, two fullers may be used at the same time, sandwiching the workpiece in the middle. Often, one fuller will have a peg that holds it securely in the anvil, while the other fuller will have a handle and a flat head, for striking with a hammer. Sometimes the two fullers may be connected with a flatbar of spring steel which is bent into a wide, "C" shaped bracket, keeping the two fullers aligned with each other and freeing the smith's hands for manipulating the workpiece and hammer. A blade being fullered will generally be slowly pulled through the fullers as they are being hammered, until the entire groove is the proper depth and shape. As the fullers make the groove, they typically displace material to the side, creating ridges around the grooves. These ridges may be hammered flat, widening the blade, or they are often shaped with other swages, increasing the strength of the blade by creating thicker areas in its cross-section.
Fullers have a variety of uses beyond bladesmithing. They are often used for "drawing out" steel, which consists of hammering a short block into a long bar. The fullers will often be used to notch the block or bar. If the fullers are longer than the block is wide, they will tend to elongate the block rather than raise bulges from the surface. After notching, the block is hammered smooth, elongating it further, and this process is repeated until the bar becomes the correct length and thickness. Fullers are also used for many other shaping processes in blacksmithing, from making hinges and latches to plow parts and horseshoes.[5]
Japanese blades [ edit ]
In Japanese swordsmithing, fullers have a rich tradition and terminology, enough that there are separate terminologies for the top (hi, usually pronounced as bi when used as a successive word) and bottom (tome) ends of the feature. A listing follows:
Bo-hi : A continuous straight groove of notable width, known as katana-bi on tantō. With soe-bi , a secondary narrow groove follows the inner straight length of the main one. With tsure-bi , the secondary is similar but continues beyond the straight length. Futasuji-hi : Two parallel grooves. Shobu-hi : A groove shaped like the leaf of an iris plant. Naginata-hi : A miniature bo-hi whose top is oriented opposite from the blade's, and usually accompanied by a soe-hi . Seen primarily on naginatas. Kuichigai-hi : Two thin grooves that run the top half of the blade; the bottom half is denoted by the outer groove stopping halfway while the inner one expands to fill the width. Koshi-hi : A short rounded-top groove found near the bottom of a blade, near to the tang.
Tome Kaki-toshi : The groove runs all the way down to the end of the tang. Kaki-nagashi : The groove tapers to a pointed end halfway down the tang. Kaku-dome : The groove stops as a square end within 3 cm of the tang's upper end. Maru-dome : Similar to the kaku, except with a rounded-end.
The kukri [ edit ]
The Nepali kukri has a terminology of its own, including the "aunlo bal" (finger of strength/force/energy), a relatively deep and narrow fuller near the spine of the blade, which runs (at most) between the handle and the corner of the blade, and the "chirra", which may refer either to shallow fullers in the belly of the blade or a hollow grind of the edge, and of which two or three may be used on each side of the blade.[6]
References [ edit ]
^ http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/fuller ^ A History of Metallography by Cyril Stanley Smith -- Mit Press 1960-Page 4 ^ European Weapons and Armour: From the Renaissance to the Industrial Revolution by Edwart Oakeshott -- The Lutterworth Press 1980 Page ^ Nouveau dictionnaire français-anglois et anglois-françois By Louis Chambaud, Jean Baptiste René Robinet -- 1776-Page 245 ^ English Mechanic and World of Science by R. J. Kibblewhite -- Bradley and Co. 1892-Page 53 ^ http://www.himalayan-imports.com/Construction.html
CAIRO — Egypt entered a perilous 48 hours on Monday when the military delivered an ultimatum to the country's first democratically elected president, hundreds of thousands of protesters renewed calls to oust him from office and the president's Islamists allies vowed to take to the streets to stop what they called “a military coup.”
In a military communiqué read over state television that echoed the announcement toppling former President Hosni Mubarak two chaotic years ago, the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces demanded Monday that President Mohamed Morsi satisfy the public's demands within two days, or else the generals would impose their own “road map” out of the crisis.
But instead of soothing the volatile standoff between Mr. Morsi's opponents and his supporters, the generals seemed to add to the uncertainty that has paralyzed the state, decimated the economy and brought millions into the streets Sunday demanding the president step down. It was not clear what the military meant when it said Mr. Morsi must satisfy the public's demands, what it might do if that vague standard was not met and who would be able to unite this badly fractured nation.
With a great splash of anima, the Steam Store Page for RuneScape Idle Adventures is ready to view!
Get the latest news on the progress of the game by heading over to our new Steam Store page and subscribing. Sign in to your Steam account and add the game to your wishlist! You could also follow the game to get more news and updates.
Also, keep your eyes peeled for an upcoming batch of beta keys that will allow you to play the game right now.
Beta Access | More beta keys – coming soon!
On top of the fantastic news of our new home on Steam, there is still time to take our survey for your chance to play the latest version of the game.
If you've already signed up via the survey and are awaiting your beta key, don't worry - it's already on the way. There is no need to sign up again - we can't wait to get you playing and hear your feedback.
Idle Adventures has been recently updated with a great new game build and this is the perfect opportunity to sign up for a beta key, get into game and let us know what you think.
Join your fellow RuneScapers and help make Idle Adventures as fantastic as possible.
Please note that due to the closed beta taking place on Steam, you will need a Steam account to play.
Want to know more about Idle Adventures?
Check out the recent Idle Adventures live stream from our RuneScape Summer Summit where Mod Mark will fill you in on all you need to know the game's inspiration and immediate future. Enjoy!
The RuneScape Team
The government has accorded BJP leader Subramanian Swamy Z-category security under the central protectee list. Till now, Swamy enjoyed Z-category security in Tamil Nadu only, but now his security cover has been extended all over India.
“Swamy will get around 40 CRPF commandos as a Z-category protectee,” said a home ministry official requesting anonymity.
A few months back, after the NDA came to power, Swamy had written to the Union home ministry seeking enhanced security cover, citing threats from several quarters. In 2011 as well, Swamy had asked the then UPA government for enhancing his security citing the 2G spectrum scam case in which he was vigorously involved. But the government hadn't agreed to his demand.
Swamy is now in the forefront of National Herald case against Congress president Sonia Gandhi and her son Rahul Gandhi.
“Initially Swamy was given security in Chennai due to a threat from Sri Lankan terror outfit Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.
But now with LTTE totally decimated, Swamy's threat comes mainly from his political activities, therefore his security cover has been enhanced,” said the home ministry official.
First Published: Aug 31, 2014 23:31 IST
CSS has matured in many ways over the years, not least in terms of CSS animations. With each day that passes more and more developers are creating living, breathing interfaces. In this article we'll look at the state of CSS animations, how it has grown, what it's capable of today and cover some resources and tools available. Let's get moving!
Growth
Use of animation on the web are rising, largely because of the transition and @keyframes additions to CSS. There once was a time when animations and CSS didn't know one another, but that isn't the case today. Articles, tutorials, premium courses and even motion guidelines are far more accessible now than they once were. Combining @keyframes with the animation property, along with transition has finally given developers the chance to craft motion properly and lend interfaces a personality and life once unconsidered.
From Google's Material Motion Guidelines
There has never been a more exciting time for CSS animations and interaction design than right now!
Animation Property & Keyframes
Current implementation of the animation property allows developers to control the duration, timing, delay, iteration count, direction, fill mode and play state. The timing portion also allows for a steps() function. This special timing function breaks an animation or transition into segments (like a film strip), rather than as one continuous transition from one state to another. Keyframes allow motion developers to declare positions using from , to and even percentages to animate between property values declared. That's a great start, but we'll discuss in a moment where it falls short.
Transition Property
Then there's the glorious transition property; a property just as fancy as animation and one which allows us to control animation speed when changing properties. The process of transitioning between two states is typically called an implicit transition; a term which describes the states in-between the start and final states, implicitly defined by the browser. Transitions currently allow for the customizing of the property, timing, duration and delay.
The intro video above is taken from Up and Running With CSS Transitions by Craig Campbell.
What's Missing?
CSS animation might be powerful as it sits, but it still lacks a particular aspect animators desire the most; timeline-esque control. What I mean by this are sequences that can be influenced and manipulated based on timing.
The syntax above doesn't exist, but paints a picture in more detail of what animation experts on the web crave. GreenSock for example, is well known for this type of sequencing, but unfortunately only happens in JavaScript. Wouldn't it be great to have this in CSS too? I think so.
Video above taken from GreenSock Animation Platform: First Steps by Craig Campbell.
There is certainly the ability to control animation and transition events through the use of JavaScript for further granular control of a sequence. With JavaScript, developers can detect the start of every new animation iteration, when an animation occurs, when the animation ends and the same is true for transition events.
Browser Inspection and Tooling
These are pretty exciting times for browser developer tooling in order to inspect and adjust CSS animations. Most browsers (Firefox, Chrome) allow for CSS animations inspection with regards to Safari and Edge. From what I've been told by a source who works for Microsoft, animations inspection is something the Microsoft team really wants to do. Let us hope this is the same for Safari.
With regards to the browsers that do support animation inspection we have the following abilities…
Timeline inspection that can be scrubbed.
Show animations applied to the ::before and ::after pseudo-elements.
and pseudo-elements. Adjust keyframes property and values on the fly.
property and values on the fly. Reporting of keyframes names.
names. Displaying of properties animated.
Easing pickers and bézier curve editors.
Color coding to know if the event is a transition, keyframe or web animation.
Control and change the playback rate.
While developers have quite a bit to choose from based on the list above, they still require more tooling on animations regarding user interaction. This could also be known as property interpolation, the insertion of an intermediate value into a series by calculating it from surrounding known values; much like when you change to a new value with transitions. These dynamic/reactive animations can start at any time, are indefinite, and have variable durations based on user interaction. Something once again that cannot be debugged or inspected from any developer tooling provided by a browser at this time.
The Future
The future looks bright for CSS animation, though with everything spec related it tends to move slow. The CSS motion-path module, contain , will-change and the prefers-reduced-motion media query (not yet a standard and WebKit only) are the current upcoming features for CSS animators.
CSS Motion Path
Motion paths allow developers to animate any graphical object along an author specified path. You can define a path in a very similar fashion defined by SVG 1.1.
The motion-path defines a path an element will follow or move upon. Our motion-offset property is the position placement of the element somewhere on the path. The property motion-rotation is the direction the element “faces” as it moves along the path.
Check out these collections of demos on CodePen from Dan Wilson which provide live examples showcasing motion-path capabilities.
Will Change
The will-change property provides a way for authors to hint at browsers on the kind of changes that are expected for an element. This lets the browser set up appropriate optimizations ahead of time before the element is actually changed.
This kind of optimization can improve the perceived load time and layout of a page by completing expensive work ahead of time before they're actually required. Saying that, it's suggested that developers don't apply will-change to too many elements as it can consume resources and cause a page to slow down.
Prefers Reduced Motion
This non-spec addition to WebKit creates styles that avoid large areas of motion for users that specify a preference for reduced motion in System Preferences.
This is more of an accessibility situation versus actual motion creation. An interesting one to consider though and to one to check out at your leisure.
Contain
This CSS module indicates that the element's subtree is independent of the rest of the page, thus enabling heavy optimizations by user agents when used correctly. The most interesting one for CSS animators is the paint value that can be passed.
If the containing element is off-screen or obscured, the browser can directly skip painting its contents as they're guaranteed to be off-screen or obscured. This ultimately provides value by ensuring a faster rendering pipeline during an initial paint. This is currently still a working draft at the W3C.
Resources
There are plenty of ways to keep up with CSS animations. Below are some tools and resources including specs to read over at your leisure. If you know of other awesome and helpful resources please let us know in the comments and we'll add them to the list. Happy animating!
W3C Specs
Learning
Tools
In the old days when you could still find a video rental store in most towns, ordering a pizza for the evening's movie was second nature for many families. Things have changed a bit in the Netflix era, but that combination still proves popular in many countries around the world. Brazil is among them, and to ensure that its customers continue to associate movie night with a warm pie, Domino's is taking a unique approach. It's joined up with 10 rental stores in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro to distribute DVDs that smell like pizza after they've been played.
Using popular films like Argo, The Dark Knight Rises, and 007: Skyfall for the experiment, Dominos created custom disc labels utilizing thermal ink to pull off the trick. Out of the box, the labels are rather bland: they're dark gray featuring nothing more than a given movie's title. Once they've gone for a spin in your DVD player though (where that thermal ink is activated), that's when the marketing "magic" happens. Discs emerge both looking and smelling like a Domino's pizza fresh out of the oven. Or at least, this is what Domino's wants you to think its pizzas resemble. "Did you enjoy the movie?," the discs read. "The next one will be even better with a hot and delicious Domino's Pizza." That last point may be arguable, but the clever nature of this marketing effort isn't up for debate.
When former Boston University star and Olympic champion Mike Eruzione saw that Terriers coach Jack Parker was calling him on Sunday, he said he had a strong inkling as to why.
He found out what will be announced formally Monday at a 3 p.m. news conference at Agganis Arena — that Parker is stepping down as head hockey coach when this season, his 40th on the job, is over.
Perhaps not coincidentally, March 11 is also Parker's 68th birthday.
Advertisement
Eruzione said 40 is a nice round number.
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“Good for him,'' he said. “I have talked to Jack over the years about this and we spent some time together last summer. At some point, it was going to stop. My thought was, ‘Is it going to be 40 years [of coaching] or 70 years of age?' What was going to be the magic number. It's time to move on. He loves to sail so he's sailing into the sunset. It's a great day for Jack Parker. It's a sad day for BU because we are losing not only our coach but our friend and our father. He means so much to players that people don't even have a clue about. Ask Travis Roy what Jack Parker means to him.''
Eruzione said Parker is equal parts a great coach, father figure, mentor, disciplinarian, teacher, and friend.
“I have always told people if something bad ever happened to me in my life, the first person I would call is Jack,'' said Eruzione. “It's a good thing for Jack that he is now moving on and he's going to do some things he didn't do before.''
The veteran bench boss will be leaving a long legacy of success — 894 career wins (the most by a coach at a single school), which is third-most in Division 1 history behind Boston College coach Jerry York and former Michigan State coach Ron Mason.
Advertisement
Parker has led the Terriers to seven Hockey East titles and a record 21 Beanpot Tournament crowns.
BU's season continues this weekend with the Hockey East quarterfinals. The Terriers, the No. 3 seed, host No. 6 Merrimack College in a best-of-three series beginning Friday night.
The team finished the regular season with a record of 18-15-2.
Parker led BU to three national championships, the latest in 2009.
Last year, the program came under scrutiny when two players were accused of sexual assault in separate incidents that occurred fewer than three months apart.
Advertisement
The school formed a task force and commissioned a report to look into the hockey program. The conclusions of the report were that the players were given star treatment and that there was “a culture of sexual entitlement.''
The school revoked Parker's title as executive athletic director but didn't conclude the coach knew of anything inappropriate going on with his players.
Eruzione said Parker always has held his players accountable.
“My feeling is shame on people who think Jack Parker's 40-year career is based on two incidents,'' said Eruzione. “If anyone is looking at two incidents that reflect on 40 years of coaching, that is someone who doesn't have a clue as to who Jack Parker is and what he's about. People don't know what Jack has meant to players. I don't think Jack is leaving for that reason. He is leaving because 40 years is 40 years.
“Look at his graduation rate. It's 95-point-something percent and the reason it's not 100 is because guys have turned pro. If someone has stepped out of line, he's thrown them off the team. A bunch of players has been told to leave and go somewhere else. He hasn't lost touch with kids. He hasn't lost touch with disciplining his players. I have worked there now 20 years. There is nobody more cherished and loved at the school than Jack.''
Eruzione said Parker will turn his attention to other pursuits.
“I think he's had enough. I think it's simple, 40 years is enough,'' said Eruzione. “He has grandkids who play hockey. He's looking at what he's done as a coach, what he's done with his players, what he has experienced, his wins and losses. In his mind, it's time to turn the page. Forty years at one university?”
Eruzione said he owes Parker a debt of gratitude for believing in him when some others didn't. The rest, as they say, is history.
“If it wasn't for Jack Parker, I would not be where I am today,'' said Eruzione. “He recruited me, I was going to a Division 2 school and he gave me the opportunity to go to BU. And if I had never gone to BU, I would never have been on the Olympic team and my life wouldn't be where it is today.”
Eruzione said Parker is not going to disappear from view either, staying involved at BU.
“We just announced a million-dollar fund-raising campaign and Jack is going to be an integral part of that,'' said Eruzione. “He's not going away. You can't sail in the winter time.''
Nancy Marrapese-Burrell can be reached at marrapese@globe.com
Game review: Sunderland – West Ham United
As West Ham United was looking for a fourth consecutive win away from home, they found a tough opposition in Sunderland. Our feature writer Willem Vernooij reports four findings in the game.
Our fullbacks are having a tougher time under Bilic, and that is not unusual
You can say all you want about Sam Allardyce, but one thing is for sure: West Hams defence was solid under his reign.
Bilic on the other hand offers a lot more attacking football, which causes the full backs to have less defensive support from midfield. This causes both Jenkinson and Cresswell to get in tangly situations where they make stupid fouls, as Jenkinson did against Borini, which led to the first goal.
Against Sunderland it wasn't just the fullbacks to have work harder, in the first half our midfield was incredibly sloppy. This caused to give Sunderland free attempts on goal, which should have led to more than just 2-0.
Our fullbacks offer a lot of attacking threat, but defensively they aren't as strong as we'd like them to be. To solve this our wingers need to drop back faster and help to defend, something I haven't seen them do too much.
Mark Noble is an undervalued asset in our team.
The joys of a football fan lie in Mark Noble. To see that Dimitri Payet has got flair and skill you don't need to be an expert in football, but Mark Noble is a whole different story. It is not just his loyalty that stands out, but also the calm he has when in possession.
He first glances if he can play forward, if not? Just play a clean and easy pass back and relocate to be available to receive a pass again. And this is done without slowing down the play.
One word is suitable for Mark Noble: Brilliant.
Zarate is an overrated asset in our team
In contrast to Mark Noble I don't rate Zarate as much as everyone does. He surely does have his qualities, but in my personal opinion he isn't the Argentinian god a lot of people still claim him to be.
In times of utter need, when something is needed to change the game around, he isn't the man to do so. Often he is sloppy, rushed and uncontrolled. He does have flair, but if he uses it in a complete ineffective manner, there is no gain to be achieved in doing so.
The game against Sunderland was an example of that, and he came on but didn't offer a lot of attacking threat, not is he the most effective finisher in our squad. Personally I'd rather like to see Antonio do his best against last Saturday instead of Zarate.
Why weren't we knocking on the door more in the last 20 minutes?
This is a repetitive conclusion I've seen more this season, and that is that after the red card by Jeremain Lens and the 2-2 by Dimitri Payet we were in the best position to press on and force a third goal.
But we didn't. There wasn't too much of an attacking threat I'd like to be. There wasn't any pressure on their defence, not too many shots.
And that left me quite disappointed, because this lack of pressure from time to time was the same issue against Norwich last week. Against highly attacking teams a counter strategy can work great, but against teams like Sunderland and Norwich, whom use the same strategy, you need to be pressing high up the pitch when they're in possession. And that is what Sunderland did superbly. Every time they lost possession they made sure they were pressing with such force to regain possession quickly.
West Ham should have responded by doing the exact same, when they are pressing you do the same. Don't try and wait to intercept the pass.
It seems of late that there are endless articles reporting on yet another study that proves that expensive wines are a rip off and an affectation. I would suggest that these articles are in many ways missing the point, while also being exactly right on. For many people who enjoy wine, the wine they enjoy is more likely to be simple, fruity, and well priced.
Another much ballyhooed study has been that from Constellation Brands. In their survey, which has been repeated over the years, they have consistently shown two dichotomies, those who consider themselves wine enthusiasts, and those on the other end of the scale who while they appreciate wine, often find it confusing and perhaps just a bit scary. The number of consumers that find wine trepidatious outnumber those that revel in every aspect of it, two to one.
Consumers guessed the price of the most expensive wine as being much lower
For someone who is uncomfortable delving deeper into the mysteries of wine, but still enjoy a glass or two on ocassion, it stands to reason that their wine of choice would be well priced. What may be less easy for many to fathom is that the wine should also be relatively simple and fruity. An appellation that many wine lovers discount to the point of ridicule.
In the many blind tastings I have done with consumers, I don't think my favorite has ever scored at the top. Usually the winner is a wine I can appreciate, but found to be less to my taste than the wine I most enjoyed. A recent commenter to one of my posts relates a similar experience. In his blind tasting the consumers guessed the price of the most expensive wine as being much lower, and lowest price wine of being much higher.
These higher priced wines that are dismissed, either in consumer blind tastings, or in the oft cited studies, all have one thing in common: Complexity. They are wines that are skillfully produced, often at great expense, to showcase a great ranger of flavors and or structure. In the case of structure, the wines tend to have been created to reward aging, where the structure will give way, once again, to a complexity of flavors.
How could anyone not want more of what I can never get enough of?
Appreciation of complexity is a learned trait, at least for most. Starting from the simple and then, through exploration and acceptance, embracing the more nuanced is an evolution that is found in most pursuits. As we find that we enjoy, we yearn to discover more, and in doing so find that the more subtle details are open to us. This seems to apply from disciplines as disparate as enjoying sports or automobiles, to fine art and literature.
There are those who enjoy, without yearning. They happily accept their level of interest without evoking fanaticism. They may watch no more than the occasional sporting event. Appreciate the lines of a fine automobile without covetous desire. Glance approvingly, but not studiously at a work of art. They may read ravenously, but not widely, and they may enjoy their wines to be simple and fruity.
Their seeming contentment may flow across many lines, or they may be huge fans of one or many things, but for wine, they are satisfied with where they are at. Their seeming indifference to our passion, their inability to see see what we see in wine can be flummoxing for some. We say to ourselves "how could anyone not want more of what I can never get enough of?" Our gentle prodding, may, as I have pointed out before, may do more harm than good when it comes to their embracing all things vinous. Yet, we often persist, with earnest intention and heartfelt protestation, that if only they try this wine or that, they would finally "get it."
We all share the same desires, even if turns out that we may not all share the same degree of desire
It is human nature to want to share that which we find appealing. Just as it is our nature to fail to understand those who do not embrace our points of view. It requires no more than a glance at the state of politics around the world to find examples of divisiveness. It is arguably the trait that leads to wars and unrest if not all that we label evil in the world. It seems a giant leap from the world of wine to all that ails mankind, but in making such a leap we can more easily understand not only the need for tolerance in wine, but in our lives.
We all want the same things. Peace, harmony, understanding, and a bottle of wine that brings tears to our eyes without emptying our pocketbooks. We want these things for ourselves, the ones we love, and on our better days, for everyone else as well. Just as each of our pocket books are of different depths, our tastes and expectations in wine vary. I like my wines complex, especially when I can afford them to be. Economics being what they are, simple and fruity is not that rare a choice.
What I like in wine, and what I want for all of humanity, are wines that are well made, without objectionable faults, and to each of our personal tastes. The good news is that this is exactly what is available. There is a wine out there for everyone. We may not all share the same tastes, but we all share the same desires, even if turns out that we may not all share the same degree of desire. In the past I have extolled the virtue of drinking wine without over complicating it. In this missive I would amend that to say we should all go forth and enjoy wine exactly how we best enjoy it. Simple or complicated. With little thought or great devotion. With gusto or on the rocks. Just so that there is a little more joy in each of our lives.
Apes, Humans Share A Happiness Dip Mid-Life
Host Scott Simon talks with University of Edinburgh professor Alex Weiss about his new study on ape well-being. He found that apes, like humans, experience a U-shaped pattern of life satisfaction that dips in middle-age, commonly known as a mid-life crisis.
SCOTT SIMON, HOST:
Men sometimes have a midlife crisis and start wearing sporty new clothes, in which they can look ridiculous, buy a sports car, or have a fling, in which they look ridiculous. What about those guys who just want an extra bunch of bananas? An international team of researchers has discovered that apes can also get a little depressed about reaching the autumn of their years. Dr. Alex Weiss is a senior lecturer at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. He co-led the study, which appears in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. He joins us from the BBC in Edinburgh.
Thanks for being with us.
ALEX WEISS: Thank you for having me.
SIMON: Forgive me for not knowing, but do apes have a sense of their own mortality?
WEISS: I don't think any of us really know that. What may be going on here or in the human case is that these sorts of thoughts that are typically described as being part of the midlife crisis, you know, being aware of your mortality and so on and so forth, it's maybe not depression. This is just part of human development, as it is part of the chimpanzee and orangutan psychological development.
SIMON: So do apes also suffer from male pattern baldness when they hit their 30s?
WEISS: I don't know. There is, I think, some hair thinning and graying that can go on. But I don't think it's quite what we see in humans. Or...
SIMON: Yeah. So do you buy them a paisley tie to cheer them up?
(LAUGHTER)
WEISS: No, nothing like that. I don't think they'd appreciate the beauty that comes with a paisley tie.
SIMON: Is there something that we can learn for our species from this, do you think?
WEISS: Well, yeah, I think so. So for a long time, the research on the midlife crisis, or the views on the midlife crisis, have primarily looked at it in terms of social forces. So there's psychological and socio-psychological explanations that were offered, things about money and so on and so forth.
And while I wouldn't say that, you know, one can completely rule that out, what this shows are that there's actually something deeper and more biological going on here, something that probably exists in our common ancestors that we shared with these species. And that this midlife crisis, you know, there's nothing wrong with you.
You know, the question is what do you do with that? And one thing we thought is maybe this is evolution's way of saying when you get to this point in life, you know, you're pretty well off in your resources. You know, you're probably about as high as you'll go in your work. Maybe now is the time to sort of strike out, do something bold and different.
And, you know, this explains the timing, because if you were satisfied at midlife you may not take these risks that may be very rewarding. So I think one can take kind of a positive message home.
SIMON: Dr. Alex Weiss, a senior lecturer at University of Edinburgh. Thanks very much for being with us.
WEISS: Thanks a lot.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
SIMON: This is NPR News.
Copyright © 2012 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Cutty Sark Prohibition Edition launches in US
Edrington has turned back the clock to the 1920s and chosen a black glass bottle for the launch of Cutty Sark Prohibition Edition, the first premium edition blended Scotch from the brand for the US market.
Jason Craig, brand director for Cutty Sark, says: “We spotted an opportunity for expansion through the US on-trade, where whisky chasers were becoming popular again thanks to TV programmes like ‘Mad Men'. We therefore set about designing a premium edition Scotch whisky to fit this niche. We wanted it to be even smoother than Cutty Sark Blend and have a higher than normal alcohol content – 100% proof rather than the 80% proof of our major competitors. We found the answer in Prohibition – an old-school, authentic Scotch, smooth on the tongue but with a big finish through the inclusion of different whiskies like The Macallan and Highland Park. Once the blend was created, the challenge was to find packaging which marked it out as something special.”
Prohibition was a time when Cutty Sark established itself in the US and the new blend is a tribute to the notorious Captain William McCoy, who smuggled the brand into the country and whose reputation for fairness and supplying unadulterated liquor gave rise to Cutty Sark being referred to as ‘the real McCoy'.
Edrington saw drinkers pouring shots from black glass bottles with white labels on Prohibition era TV shows like Boardwalk Empire and sought to replicate this for the new edition. Traditionally, black glass is a very expensive option, but, thanks to the development of the Black Grouse Alpha Edition, Edrington knew there was a solution close at hand. Glassmaker O-I had installed technology to create black glass bottles cost-effectively at its Alloa plant, close to the company's filling lines in Glasgow.
Paul McLavin, marketing manager for O-I in North-West Europe, says: “Cutty Sark Prohibition Edition marks the next exciting phase of our new product development partnership with the Edrington Group. From a starting point of the main range redesign, we have produced new bottles for Cutty Sark Storm and now this for Cutty Sark Prohibition Edition. As we continue to invest in creating more premium and sustainable options for our spirits customers, Edrington uses these facilities and our expertise to produce highly desirable packaging for the added value lines in its ranges.”
Packaging cost was still a challenge on a US$30 whisky, so O-I and Edrington rationalised the options by utilising the same bottle shape, cork and capsule that were already in production for Cutty Sark Storm. Jason Craig said: , “It's amazing what black glass does to brand image. If you put the black version alongside a green Storm bottle, people say it looks bigger, seems more premium, feels a bit special. The cork seal also reflects the tradition of the time.”
To augment the large size impression and emphasise Cutty Sark Prohibition Edition's authenticity, O-I has embossed “The Real McCoy” above the front label and “Since 1923” underneath it. The label itself, designed by Mountain Creative, features the familiar Cutty Sark clipper image, but produced simply in black ink on cream paper, another nod towards the 1920s heritage.
When the 750ml bottle was tested in the States, the consumer response was exactly what Edrington hoped for – ‘this is a premium shot'.
Edrington's initial orders for the US have been matched by demand from other markets and the brand is launching in six countries, including the UK, in both 700ml and 750ml sizes. The company predicts it will be shipping up to 15,000 cases within three years.
6 November 2013 - Felicity Murray The Drinks Report, editor
CNN is jacking up its rates for advertising slots during the GOP debate that will air on the network September 16, according to Advertising Age.
Donald Trump sent out a tweet on Saturday crediting himself for this boost in ad revenue and hinting again that CNN should make a hefty donation to charity. CNN declined comment.
A 30-second ad spot on CNN would cost around $5,000 under normal circumstances. Citing ad buyers, Ad Age reports that CNN will be charging up to $200,000 for the same time slot during the debate, 40 times the original rate. The network is also reportedly charging between $50,000 and $60,000 for the debate earlier in the day, which features the lower-ranking candidates.
The Fox News debate held early last month brought in a record 24 million viewers, 7.9 million of which were between 25 and 54 years old, making this the most-watched GOP primary debate ever.
Trump has previously suggested that CNN should donate $10 million to charity in order for him to appear in its debate, CNN reports. He also alluded to this idea in his tweet.
—————————————————–Islamic Human Rights Commission—————————————————–
18 December 2009
Alert: Egypt – Two MB students remain in detention despite court's decision
The Islamic Human Rights Commission (IHRC) has received reports about two students from the Muslim Brotherhood (MB) who were arrested by the security forces on the 4th of November 2009. They were charged with assaulting a University Guard, which they deny.
On the 5th November 2009 they were sent to Al-Mansoura Police Department, but a release order from the court was issued two days later.However, the State Security Prosecution disregarded the court decision and a new arrest warrant was issued on 9th November 2009.Thereupon they were immediately transferred to Wadi-Al-Natron prison.
There has been no further review by the State Security Prosecution.
The students are: 20 year old Khaled Abdel Wahhab Mohamed Ali-El-Din from Abu Ali in Gharbeya governorate and 21 year old Abdel Fattah Othman Omar Zaher from Sandoub-Daqahleya governorate, both of whom are students at Al Azhar University.
The students were believed to be arrested due to their political activities on behalf of the Muslim Brotherhood.
——————————————————————————————
For more information, please contact the office on the numbers or email below
——————————————————————————————
IHRC is an NGO in Special Consultative Status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations.
Please help IHRC by visiting https://www.ihrc.org.uk/catalog and making a donation or buying an item from our on-line store.
If you want to subscribe to the IHRC list please send an email to subscribe@ihrc.org
If you want to unsubscribe from the IHRC list please send an email from your subscribed email address to unsubscribe@ihrc.org
If you are reusing this alert, please cite the source.
For more information, please contact the office on the numbers or email below.
“And what reason have you that you should not fight in the way of Allah and of the weak among the men and the women and the children, (of) those who say: Our Lord! Cause us to go forth from this town, whose people are oppressors, and give us from Thee a guardian and give us from Thee a helper.”
Holy Qur'an: Chapter 4, Verse 75
Join the Struggle for Justice. Join IHRC.
Islamic Human Rights Commission
PO Box 598
Wembley
HA9 7XH
United Kingdom
Telephone (+44) 20 8904 4222
Fax (+44) 20 8904 5183
Email: info@ihrc.org
Web: www.ihrc.org
New York City graffiti artist Alan Ket has the permission of an Inwood building owner to paint freely on their outside wall, but the NYPD doesn't care. DNAinfo reports that the department sent two plainclothes officers to cover up his latest mural yesterday, calling it a “bad idea.” The art featured the text “We know the real … Murderers,” the last word blown-up and bullet-ridden, surrounded by tombstones for various controversial organizations: McDonald's, Halliburton, Shell Oil, Bank of America, that kind of thing. Oh, and the NYPD is in there too.
“I can't confront them, because I don't want problems,” said the building's owner in Spanish. “There is no freedom of expression. It's a bomb, and now here I am in the middle of a bomb.”
The NYPD claimed neighbors were complaining about the “violent” message, but there's also a movement of locals defending the mural on Facebook's Inwood Community Group. “Isn't great art supposed to be controversial?” wondered one resident. Here's a before and after of the wall.
“Go figure,” wrote the artist upon hearing the news. But being a political graffiti artist and all, he's undeterred: “I will just paint another one.”
(Adds detail)
DONETSK, Ukraine, Aug 24 (Reuters) - Pro-Russian separatist rebels force-marched dozens of Ukrainian prisoners of war along a main street of the rebel-held Ukrainian town of Donetsk on Sunday.
People shouted “fascists” at the group, who walked with heads bowed. They were largely unshaven and dishevelled and dressed either in combat fatigues or civilian clothes.
A voice over a loudspeaker announced their arrival saying: “We are now able to watch passing people who were sent to kill us.”
“We are Russians,” the voice said.
A Reuters correspondent on the scene said that some people threw projectiles including bottles. Some shouted “Fascists!” and “Get on your knees!”
In a gesture intended to show that the captives were sullied, street cleaning vehicles moved behind them to cleanse where they had walked.
Details have emerged about the Portland man who died in a Yellowstone hot spring in June, who was allegedly looking to "hot pot" in the park.
Colin Nathaniel Scott, a 23-year-old Portland resident, and his sister walked about 225 yards off the boardwalk near Pork Chop Geyser at the Norris Geyser Basin, looking for a place to "hot pot" or soak in an extremely hot natural spring.
That's according to a final report on the incident by Yellowstone National Park officials, who released the information in response to Freedom of Information Request filed by KULR-8, a news station based in Billings, Montana.
While Scott was bending over to check the temperature of a spring, according to the report, he slipped and fell in, succumbing quickly to the boiling acidic water.
"There's a closure in place to keep people from doing that for their own safety," Lorant Veress, deputy chief ranger, told KULR. "It's a very unforgiving environment."
Scott's sister recorded the accident on her cell phone, officials wrote in the report, but the park has refused to release that video to the public.
Scott was not the first, and won't likely be the last victim of Yellowstone's gorgeous but dangerous geothermal features. The hot springs have claimed 22 lives since 1890, according to the park, far more than have been killed by grizzly bears or lightning strikes.
Yellowstone death reveals the deadly power within the park's colorful hot springs Park rangers are reminding visitors that Yellowstone's pools are extremely dangerous, after a Portland man died in one Tuesday.
The danger lies in the heat. The pools can reach temperatures of up to 205 degrees Fahrenheit, enough to cause third-degree burns in seconds. Those who have survived a dip in a Yellowstone hot spring have come out with skin peeling, their eyes white and blinded from the heat.
Warning signs have been posted in the park since at least 1888, but they have been regularly ignored for generations. Boarded walkways came to the park in the 1960s, but wandering off-trail persisted. Today, Yellowstone officials can rely on social media to spread news of the dangers faster and farther than ever, though that same medium can just as easily be used to promote reckless behavior.
Earlier this year, a group of young Canadian tourists invoked outrage after walking onto the Grand Prismatic Spring at Yellowstone, filming their exploits for online adventure series "High on Life." After a swift reprimand from both park officials and the public, the group removed all photos and videos of their excursion, offering an apology instead.
Scott had just graduated from Pacific University with a bachelor's degree in psychology. He was one of two students named as outstanding seniors in psychology, university spokesman Joe Lang told the Associated Press.
He also worked at the Jackson Bottom Wetlands Preserve in Hillsboro, volunteering at the education center for about 20 months as part of a work-study program. Mary Loftin, a manager at the Hillsboro parks and recreation department, remembered him as a "bright spirit."
--Jamie Hale | jhale@oregonian.com | @HaleJamesB
Bernie Sanders revealed he was bothered by Hillary Clinton's characterization of his policies as 'false promises' in a hacked audio clip, but remained adamant about his support for the Democratic nominee.
In an audio clip from a donors meeting in February that emerged this week, Clinton also described many of Sanders' young supporters as people who were 'new to politics' and 'living in their parents' basements'.
While Sanders acknowledged there were 'real differences' between him and the Democratic nominee, he defended her statements and said she was still 'far and away the superior candidate'.
Scroll down for video
Hacked audio from a donors meeting earlier this year has revealed Hillary Clinton (left) mocked young supporters of her Democratic opponent, Bernie Sanders (right)
During CNN's State of the Union on Sunday, anchor Jake Tapper asked whether Sanders was bothered that Clinton described his policies as 'false promises', to which he said 'of course'.
He acknowledged their differences, but went on to say Clinton made an important point about young people facing dire job prospects.
Sanders drove the point home on ABC's The Week, saying: 'What she was saying there is absolutely correct.
'And that is, you've got millions of young people, many of whom took out loans in order to go to college, hoping to go out and get decent-paying, good jobs.'
Speaking at the fundraiser in Virginia, Clinton said Sanders' young supporters gravitated towards him because they were 'new to politics'.
'They are living in their parents' basement,' Clinton said, according to The Intercept.
'They feel they got their education and the jobs that are available to them are not at all what they envisioned for themselves. And they don't see much of a future.
'So if you're feeling like you're consigned to, you know, being a barista, or you know, some other job that doesn't pay a lot, and doesn't have some other ladder of opportunity attached to it, then the idea that maybe, just maybe, you could be part of a political revolution is pretty appealing.'
Clinton went on to say she wants to make 'progress' and stressed she isn't 'a wet blanket on idealism'.
Hillary Clinton speaks as Senator Bernie Sanders reacts during a Democratic debate hosted by CNN and New York One at the Brooklyn Navy Yard in New York April 14, 201
Supporters listen as then-presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks at a campaign rally in Santa Maria, California, on May 28
In the hacked conversation, Clinton also went on to explain why she views herself as being in the middle of two extremes in this election.
'It is important to recognize what's going on in this election,' she said to donors in February.
'Everybody who's ever been in an election that I'm aware of is quite bewildered because there is a strain of, on the one hand, the kind of populist, nationalist, xenophobic, discriminatory kind of approach that we hear too much of from the Republican candidates.
'So as a friend of mine said the other day, I am occupying from the center-left to the center-right. And I don't have much company there.
'Because it is difficult when you're running to be president, and you understand how hard the job is — I don't want to over-promise. I don't want to tell people things that I know we cannot do.'
Hillary Clinton has been joined on the campaign trail by Bernie Sanders since defeating him in the primaries. They are pictured together in New Hampshire last week
Bernie Sanders greets supporters after a campaign rally in Santa Maria, California, U.S. May 28, 2016
Donald Trump tried to capitalize on the leaked audio clip and drive a wedge within the Democratic Party by tweeting that Clinton was 'nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors'.
Clinton is battling to convert as many young voters as possible, many of whom supported Sanders instead of her.
FBI Director James Comey listens during a news conference at the Justice Department in Washington, Monday, June 30, 2014. (Photo: Susan Walsh, AP)
Apple's recent announcement that it would no longer unlock iPhones at the request of law enforcement officials was meant to calm data-concerned customers, but it has drawn the fire of top government officials.
FBI director James Comey said Thursday that officials were in talks with both Apple and Google about backing down from their decision to not share user information, citing instances such as child kidnapping and terrorism where access could save lives.
Both tech giants announced last week that user data would be encrypted. While government officials could still listen in on a call, they would not be able to access information stored on the devices. Officials from both companies couldn't be reached for comment.
Their moves come at a time of increasing public concern about data security.
After iCloud was hacked, many celebrities found that nude photos of themselves stored in their private accounts were suddenly floating around the Web. Credit card breaches have recently become a minor epidemic, compromising the systems of major companies such as Target and Home Depot.
Apple CEO Tim Cook made the announcement that the company would deny government access to phone data in a letter on Apple's website.
"At Apple, we believe a great customer experience shouldn't come at the expense of your privacy," Cook wrote, then taking a jab at Google, whose Gmail email service serves up ads based on consumer interests.
Cook added that Apple didn't create user profiles based on "your email content or web browsing habits to sell to advertisers" or "read your email or your messages to get information to market to you."
With the new release of iOS 8, iPhones now encrypt content stored content. "Unlike our competitors, Apple cannot bypass your passcode and therefore cannot access this data," Cook said.
The move to reassure consumers is especially critical for Apple now that it is pushing deeper into this space with the addition of a health monitoring and payment system in iOS8.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1suy6x5
One of my favorite parts of being frugal is that I often go shopping at thrift stores. Thrift stores are unusual places. They're often just collections of the stuff that well-off people no longer want to have or to deal with, so they just drop it off at Goodwill. That means there's usually a lot of interesting stuff in there – and, fairly often, some hidden gems.
I thought I'd share some of my best thrift store finds (spurred on by a couple of recent finds) and encourage you, the reader, to share your own. Perhaps this will convince a few of you who are thinking about diving into thrift shopping to go ahead and give it a shot. Trust me – thrift and secondhand stores contain some of the best bargains on earth.
A full winter wardrobe About three years ago, I went into a thrift store looking for long-sleeved shirts for winter. I'm a very big guy, often wearing 2XLT shirts, so I love it when I can find a high quality shirt that fits at a thrift store for a few bucks.
That day, though, I was in luck.
There was an elderly worker in the store putting clothes onto hangers and sticking them onto racks. I walked in and started riffing through the men's shirts. She looked at me and said, “Excuse me, sir? We just got in a bunch of shirts that must have come from a very large man. Would you like to see them?”
She motioned for me to follow and took me in the back. There was an enormous pile of almost-unworn sweatshirts, long sleeved tee shirts, and dress shirts, all 2XLT and 3XLT in size. I wanted pretty much all of them, so I asked about prices (as they hadn't been priced yet).
The woman didn't know for sure and made a phone call, but whoever she called didn't seem to know, either. So she went out in the store and found a rather raggedy large shirt marked $2. She turned to me and said, “$2 each.”
I was stunned. This was really high quality stuff – Harbor Bay and the like. I bought almost all of the clothes in that batch for about $50.
Three winters later, I've still got shirts from that batch that have barely been worn. I won't need to buy any more long-sleeved shirts for several years yet. Not only that, most of the stuff is nice enough that it actually draws compliments from people.
Now that's a bargain!
An out-of-print surprise When I was in college, I used to play the game Netrunner fairly often. Netrunner is a card game that requires quite a bit of orderly thought. The game went out of print in 1996 and then, in about 2000 or so, I accidentally ruined my Netrunner cards, rendering it impossible for me to ever use the cards. Since it was so long out of print, I figured I'd never play it again.
Flash forward to about a week ago. After a doctor's checkup, I stopped at a local thrift store, looking for some long-sleeved shirts that were in good shape and would fit me – occasionally, I'm pretty lucky in this regard. In the back of the store, though, in a glass case, I found a gem.
Sitting there, still in to shrinkwrap, was a Netrunner starter set. The price tag? $3.
I don't think $3 has ever put that big of a smile on my face.
An emergency fix One time, almost a decade ago, I was on my way to work about 9 in the morning. It was early spring, so I had pulled out my bicycle for the first time and taken off on it.
Well, after about two blocks, I began to realize that the tires were desperately low on air, so I stopped to consider my options. I was in a light commercial area, but there were no gas stations nearby. To put it simply, I was in a bit of a pickle.
I went over to the strip mall area to look around for some assistance and stopped into a thrift shop. This was in the days before everyone had a cell phone, so I asked the person behind the counter if I could make a local call. I called my work and told them I would be late because my bicycle was having issues and I'd have to walk the rest of the way.
As I hung up, the person behind the counter said, “I think we have a bicycle pump.” We went looking for it and found it, near the back. It had a price tag of $2. I emptied out my pockets and found $1.75 in quarters. The lady laughed and called it good enough. I walked outside with my pump, pumped up my tire, and I was on my way.
What are your great thrift store stories? Share 'em in the comments!
Plans to ramp up fossil fuel exploration, coal mining and sea bed dredging have New Zealand environment groups worried.
It's probably safe to assume that New Zealand's conservative Prime Minister John Key likes the Lord of the Rings films and is probably partial to a little bit of Hobbit.
After all, ever since the short stumpy bloke with the hairy feet went off to try and chuck a ring down that hole in Mount Doom, New Zealand's tourism bosses have been as happy as Orcs at an all-you-can-eat Elf buffet.
According to the New Zealand Tourism Board, about 13 per cent of overseas tourists between January and March took part in some sort of "Hobbit experience" while hanging around all those deep blue lakes, snow-tipped mountains and green, craggy valleys that are the cinematographer's dream. The board credits the film for tens of millions of dollars in tourism income.
New Zealand has long pushed its international image under the signature "100 % Pure New Zealand" marketing brand. Last year the marketing people tweaked the brand to "100 % Middle-earth" to further cash-in on the film series' international reach. The campaign saw a 23 per cent increase in visitors from the US, seen as a key market.
Filming for the third Hobbit movie ended in New Zealand only last week, with the final installment set for release sometime around December 2014. That leaves plenty more time for New Zealand's tourism industry to playfully twiddle with Bilbo Baggins' curly hair.
But just days before filming ended, National Party leader Prime Minister Key - who is also the tourism minister - delivered a YouTube address that made clear he thinks the future for New Zealand lies not so much in filming Middle-earth, but drilling it for oil and gas. He said:
New Zealand's natural landscapes are part of what makes this country so special and unique. No matter where I am overseas people want to talk to me about how beautiful our scenery is... I believe that energy and resources could well be a game changer for New Zealand. The next five years are crucial as we encourage further exploration. This is important because if we are to increase our oil and gas exploration by 50 per cent, we could potentially earn Royalties of up to $13 billion, which is huge... Ultimately we need to grow our economy by increasing our earning potential. That's the only way that our government can provide the resources that our families need and the jobs our families want.
Environment group Greenpeace New Zealand saw the awkward juxtaposition of their Prime Minister bragging about the country's stunning scenery while pushing for a massive increase in oil and gas drilling.
Referring to the video, Greenpeace campaigner Nathan Argent wrote:
We considered mucking about with it, discussed how we might spoof it, critique it or counter it but then decided it was pretty much un-spoofable.
While an international audience might still think New Zealand is exclusively about bungie-jumping, wilderness hiking, sauvignon blanc and cavorting in The Shire, conservationists have become increasingly uneasy at the country's environmental credentials and desire to boost mining and drilling.
Making good on a pledge to boost fossil fuel exploration, in April the government opened up 189,000 square kilometres of ocean for oil and gas exploration and a further 1,500 square kilometres onshore for fossil fuel hunting.
As well as offshore drilling, campaigners are concerned about plans to open up areas of ocean bottom to sea bed mining, with particular worries about the potential impacts on the already critically endangered Maui's dolphin - the world's smallest dolphin species. One Australian company has just lodged an application to mine ocean floor ironsands.
The government has also passed new laws to "protect offshore petroleum and minerals activity from unlawful interference" which were squarely aimed at discouraging protestors.
Greenpeace campaigners hang a banner in Wellington, New Zealand, July 2013, in protest at a decision made by Energy Minister Simon Bridges.
The move led to claims from environmentalists and the Labour opposition that Energy Minister Simon Bridges had pushed for the changes under pressure from oil lobbyists, which the minister denied.
Greenpeace campaigners hung a giant banner on a Wellington tower block, which in polite terms suggested they didn't believe their minister.
Meanwhile, more than 44,000 people have signed a petition against the new laws.
On land, the John Key Government has rejected calls for a moratorium on hydraulic fracturing. In a report last year, Dr Jan Wright, New Zealand's parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment, said "oil and gas exploration permits that cover vast areas of the country have been granted to a number of companies" but she said a moratorium was not justified.
Campaign group Forest & Bird is also fighting a proposal from an Australian mining company for an open cut coal mine on the Denniston Plateau - home to a carnivorous snail, the iconic flightless kiwi bird and a suitably Middle-earthy landscape.
On an international stage, climate campaigners have also been frustrated by what they see as the country's lack of enthusiasm for an ambitious global deal to cut emissions.
Late last year as the United Nations climate talks in Doha wrapped up, the Climate Action Network International jointly-awarded its "Colossal Fossil Award" to Canada and New Zealand for their lack of ambition.
In 2006, after visitor numbers had jumped 40 per cent, one New Zealand tourism boss said Lord of the Rings was possibly "the best unpaid advertisement that New Zealand has ever had".
After all, you can't argue that "100 % Pure" or "100 % Middle-earth" are far catchier phrases than "50 % more oil and gas drilling".
Fellowship of the Drill, anyone?
Impressions on Metropolis
Yoichi Hirai Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 1, 2017
Sometimes I'm asked about the Metropolis release. The list of Metropolis EIPs looks stable already. I'm sharing how I read them, but I'm just rambling. For the precise understanding, please go to the EIP texts.
EIP-86 Abstraction of transaction origin and signature
Probably the deepest change in the Metropolis release is this “account abstraction”. Currently, every Ethereum transaction is signed by a private keyholder of a single account. This EIP changes that. A special address 0xffffff..ff (called NULL_SENDER) will be a publicly-available transaction sender, and anybody can send a transaction from this special address without using a private key, although it's up to miners whether they include the transaction. That's the basic idea, but it leads to some further changes. So far Ethereum has treated nonces and balances under the assumption that accounts are held and controlled by somebody or some code, but now we have an exception (and the exception might become the norm).
Currently, every transaction contains a nonce, which must coincide with the nonce of the sender account. Whenever a transaction is in a block, the nonce of the sender account is incremented. This prevents the same transaction to be included in the block more than once or out-of-order. However, if we keep using the same mechanism for the NULL_SENDER, we would get a racing problem. Everybody trying to use NULL_SENDER would compete for the current nonce value. For preventing that, the new NULL_SENDER transactions always contain zero as the nonce.
Also, currently, the (signer) of the transaction always pays for the transaction. NULL_SENDER should not pay for the gas lest everybody will rush to NULL_SENDER trying to be the first to use its balance for paying for gas. For preventing that, the new NULL_SENDER transactions are required to contain zero as the gas price.
With these changes, any ETH balance on NULL_SENDER would be up-for-grabs. However, the EIP also specifies that the NULL_SENDER transactions need to specify zero as the transferred amount. So, I think there will be no way to spend the balance of NULL_SENDER (of course, except, coming up with a private key for this address). In contrast, ERC20 tokens held by NULL_SENDER would be up-for-grabs. Everybody can transfer such tokens “on behalf of” NULL_SENDER to whichever account.
Since the nonce and gas mechanisms are not available for the NULL_SENDER, the miners are incentivized not to include NULL_SENDER transactions unless there is something special about the transactions. Maybe the transactions result in balance increases of the miner, or the transactions come from friends of the miner.
The effects are profound. The disruption is already felt before a block is formed. The clients cannot rely on the sender information when they relay or drop NULL_SENDER transactions (by default, the clients are supposed to drop all NULL_SENDER transactions). There must be a mechanism to prevent a NULL_SENDER transaction to be duplicated into blocks. All of these are now off-loaded from the protocol to the client implementors and Ethereum contracts. So, when NULL_SENDER transactions occupy a considerable percentage of the Ethereum transactions, the Etheruem protocol will have successfully delegated the external user authentication to local conventions set up by some miners and some smart contract developers.
The nonce mechanism also made sure that the contracts are never deployed at the same address. Since the NULL_SENDER can send transactions with the same nonce, this mechanism cannot ensure contracts are never overwritten. So, the EIP also specifies that contract creation fails when the address already has non-empty code or non-zero nonce.
The EIP moves further in the direction of eclipsing the nonces. This EIP introduces CREATE2 instruction, whose result does not rely on the nonce of the creating contract. This EIP also changes the contract creation by private keyholders. Whether from a contract or an external account, there is a way to deploy code on easily predictable addresses independent of the creator's nonce.
I don't know if this works out, but somebody will make a special tweak to some clients to include this kind of transactions. The first use might be a special signing scheme.
EIP-96 Blockhash refactoring
This EIP is another direction taken to offload things from the protocol to Ethereum contracts. This one is about BLOCKHASH instruction. Currently, an Etheruem Virtual Machine implementation is supposed to remember recent block hashes so that it can answer BLOCKHASH instruction. This EIP sets up a special contract whose storage remembers the recent blockhashes. After this EIP, an Ethereum Virtual Machine implementation can just look up the storage of this special contract (or even, perform a call to this particular contract) to serve BLOCKHASH instruction.
EIP-98 Removal of intermediate state roots from receipts
This is rather straight forward: removing an element from transaction receipts. The EIP has been uncontroversial except a tiny glitch caused by the two options of the EIP. Some people followed an option, and other people followed the other option, but one side conceded.
EIP-100 Change difficulty adjustment to target mean block time including uncles
This is a response to an attack scenario pointed out, but I don't know about the attack, so I don't have much intuition here. Maybe I should try to build some kind of physics around here.
EIP-140 REVERT instruction in the Ethereum Virtual Machine
This EIP adds an instruction called REVERT, which cancels the state-changes in the current call but outputs data to the caller. The new instruction is supposed to be useful for debugging.
One concern was raised about information leakage. Let's say an oracle contract takes a payment and returns a useful piece of information. Now, the REVERT instruction can pass on the valuable information to the caller, and at the same time, cancel the payment to the oracle.
This changes the economics in certain ways, but is it a dangerous change? The impact is at most the cost of building a “looking-up-other-accounts'-storage” oracle. Or, building a trustless “looking-up-all-accounts'-storage” oracle? I'm not certain. REVERT instruction also preserves the remaining gas, in contrast with the other ways of reverting state-changes. So, one can encode information in the count of the remaining gas. This space looks interesting.
EIP-196 Precompiled contracts for addition and scalar multiplication on the elliptic curve alt_bn128
EIP-197 Precompiled contracts for optimal Ate pairing check on the elliptic curve alt_bn128
These EIPs enable zkSNARKs on Ethereum, I was told. This EIP has been not controversial, much less than RETURNDATACOPY, for instance. I was asking simple questions about groups. It sounds like a lot of fun reducing a Boolean circuit into a set of polynomial equations and then evaluating them on a secret position. But my main interest now is how to ensure equivalence of different implementations in C++, Go, Python and Rust. We have some number of test cases, but I think we should also be performing some coverage-aware fuzzers on these implementations. A bug in this corner would enable an attacker to create a fork or eliminate one client on the network. These would be temporal disruptions, but I don't want to see these dozens of times.
EIP-198 Precompiled contract for bigint modular exponentiation
This introduces a new precompiled contract, which performs exponentiation modulo something. A precompiled contract is not implemented as EVM code. Ethereum clients implement the contract's calculations natively. Recently the gas cost calculation of this precompiled contract was refined. The calculation used to count the number of bytes that each input number occupies, but now EIP seeks the most significant bit, to calculate gas.
EIP-211 New opcodes: RETURNDATASIZE and RETURNDATACOPY
This EIP allows arbitrary-length return data from message calls. Currently, the CALL instruction and its sisters specify the range of memory reserved for the output. When the callee returns a bigger portion of data, the excess is discarded. After this EIP, the virtual machine will keep the whole returned data in a special buffer, which is accessible through the two new instructions RETURNDATASIZE and RETURNDATACOPY.
There is an ongoing discussion whether to cause an exception when RETURNDATACOPY wants to read over the end of the returned bytes. The original EIP said “fill zeros” because that's what existing instructions CALLDATACOPY and EXTCODECOPY do. There is a proposal to cause an exception because that is less error-prone. I don't care much because one can implement the zero-filling version quite easily with the throwing version (using the zero-filling CALLDATACOPY) and the other way around easier.
EIP-214 New opcode STATICCALL
This EIP is relatively straightforward. The idea is to distinguish calls for changing states and calls for reading states. When an Ethereum contract wants to call a contract but doesn't want any state changes during the call, STATICCALL is the solution. Private keyholders do not need a separate “read-only” call because they can emulate the call off-chain.
Questions were asked around which instructions count as state-changing, but this EIP has been one of the most stable. I can come up with only one problem. Many similar variants are plausible. It's easy to come up with situations calling for PURECALL or SELFDESTRUCT_FREE_CALL. Perhaps, we should come up with a CALL instruction with a bitfield of allowed operations. We might not need these because we can build an on-chain static analyzer that scans contracts for disallowed instructions.
My Mental Health Toolbelt
Taylor Otwell Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 30, 2017
Many programmers and other people in technology have shared their mental health struggles online. In this post, I wanted to share some of my own experiences with this and what I have found to be helpful.
Preface
I believe programmers, especially those that work from home, are more prone to mental health issues than many other demographics. You're locked in your office with silence and your own thoughts and that is a prime environment for lots of rumination. Sometimes rumination about things that are distressing or depressing.
To give some background, up until about 5 or 6 years ago, I would not have described myself as someone who dealt with any mental health problems. I was generally anxiety free and felt happy most of the time. However, a combination of becoming a father and working from home surfaced some anxiety in my life. To be specific, anxiety about being there for my kids. What if I die young? What if something happens to them? What if something happens to my wife and they don't have a Mom?
I'm sure almost everyone has these thoughts. However, when you are locked in an office alone all day there is room for them to fester further than they should. Nobody is there to interrupt you with a question or to make small talk that helps you move past that anxious moment. For me, that festering allowed my anxiety to turn into full blown hypochondria. Every normal ailment or sickness was the thing that would take me away from my family and kids. Some days the anxiety could be borderline debilitating.
However, over the last few months I feel like I've started to make progress on improving my overall mental health. I wanted to share some things that have been helpful for me with the hope that they will be helpful for you.
I have found these things to be most useful if you can practice them all together. They all feed off of each other and their effects can combine to give you a more powerful result.
Blood Work
First, I would strongly recommend getting blood work done by your doctor. In my case, this revealed two things that were possibly contributing directly to my problem and have been fairly easy to correct. I should have done this years ago. Instead, I only had it done about 8 months ago. Overall I feel lucky in this regard and know that not everyone can find anything quite so concrete.
Read Epictetus & Stoics
I have gained a lot from reading writings by Stoic philosophers and especially Epictetus. I think these writings were particularly helpful in my case because my anxiety was centered around things I have no control over, which just so happens to be a central point of stoic philosophy: not worrying about things you can't control.
I have no control over events that may happen to me, but I do have control over my perception of those events and my response to them. Indirectly, this does give me control over how events impact my life.
The book I have found most helpful so far has been Art of Living.
You Are Not Your Feelings
This one is a little tough to explain, but I've found it beneficial to learn to separate yourself from your feelings and emotions. I am not anxiety. An anxious thought is a type of thought that can enter my brain but how I choose to respond to it and perceive it is what is going to define me.
I've found it's beneficial to learn to recognize the thought and try to just let it pass. “Oh, there went an anxious thought.”… just like a passing cloud. This can be difficult if your anxious thoughts are more like a monsoon instead of a passing cloud. When this is the case, I've found it necessary to combine this technique with the “small wins” technique:
Clean Up Room + Small Wins
If I'm feeling down and lack motivation, I try to knock out something small. For example, maybe I'll organize my nightstand drawer thats has gotten a little messy. This gives your brain a small win and some encouragement. Next, maybe I'll organize my closet. With another small win, I often feel generally happier and more motivated to keep working on other things. In general, I've found this can help lift me out of a depressive or anxious rut that I may be stuck in.
Workout + Eat Right
About six months ago I started lifting weights three times a week. In addition, I've started eating simpler and healthier. Lean meat, vegetables, fruit. Besides improving myself physically, it gives me a project to focus on and think about.
Positive Visualization
Lately I've found it helpful to visualize the kind of person I want to be. For example, you can think about people from history who are really inspiring to you and the things about them you would like to emulate. Or, you could visualize yourself being the patient, positive person you want to be. I've found this alone can inspire my mind and get me re-focused on how I want to live.
Have Healthy Boundaries
These days, many aspects of parenting can feel like a competition. When you have small kids, they want to do everything with you. That's great. However, it's important not to lose yourself in the process.
Sometimes I just need to do something alone for a bit to de-compress after working all day and just gather my thoughts. Sure, I could do everything my kids want me to do exactly when they want me to do it, but I'm going to be more tired and frustrated, and the quality of the time isn't going to be as good.
Lately, I've felt better about saying “I'll do that with you in 30 minutes, but I need to do something else right now.” I've found it helpful to use this time to practice one of the other techniques (positive visualization + small wins), so that when I play with my kids I'm feeling refreshed and positive. I would rather have better quality time with my kids than a lot of tired, frustrated time with them.
Conclusion
I hope these techniques are helpful to you. There are a few more I would love to write about soon when I have more time to formulate my thoughts on them, but I wanted to get something out there as a starting point (small wins!).
Take care!
Back on October 28, 2009, then White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said the following:
... understanding what this President has done is institute the very toughest ethics and transparency rules of any administration in history... I think the President has returned to a stance of transparency and ethics that hasn't been matched by any other White House. ... the President believes strongly in transparency... that transparency in that way in the best policy ... understand that what the President campaigned on - toughening our ethics rules, making more transparent our transparency policy - was something that he was passionate about and is proud of the progress that we've made in ensuring that.
And here is the president himself: "We have put in place the toughest ethics and transparency laws of any administration in history."
Lies, lies, and nothing but lies. The lies end now.
As reported moments ago, the White House is voiding a federal regulation that subjects its Office of Administration to the Freedom of Information Act, or FOIA (incidentally the same act that discovered none of Hillary Clinton's "personal" government-business emails since they were not even stored on government property!) which as USA Today explains, makes "official a policy under Presidents Bush and Obama to reject requests for records to that office."
And just like that the lie of Obama's transparency is over, and it couldn't come at a worse time for the democratic party, just as its top contender for the 2016 presidential race is struggling to emerge from a cover-up scandal which reeks of intentional hiding of classified documentation from the public (or worse). Going forward it will no longer be Hillary Clinton who will be mocked and ridiculed for her total impunity when it comes to public accountability and transparency, but the "most untransparent" president as well.
The White House said the cleanup of FOIA regulations is consistent with court rulings that hold that the office is not subject to the transparency law. The office handles, among other things, White House record-keeping duties like the archiving of e-mails.
Actually, Obama really couldn't have picked worse timing because not only does it come hot on the heels of clintonemail.com, but the announcement also is taking place on National Freedom of Information Day and during a national debate over the preservation of Obama administration records. It's also Sunshine Week, an effort by news organizations and watchdog groups to highlight issues of government transparency. Almost as if the president of the US is openly mocking the public, making it clear he is accountable to no one (except of course for a few mega corporations: see: The Best "Democracy" Money Can Buy: For Every Dollar Spent Influencing US Politics, Corporations Get $760 Back)
"The irony of this being Sunshine Week is not lost on me," said Anne Weismann of the liberal Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, or CREW.
"It is completely out of step with the president's supposed commitment to transparency," she said. "That is a critical office, especially if you want to know, for example, how the White House is dealing with e-mail."
But who wants to know that? Can't the peasants just pay attention to the rigged all-time high in the Apple Sachs Non-industrial Average and just leave the troubled leader of the free world alone?
The irony here is that with this act, Obama is now becoming even less transparent than the loathed by the left Bush dynasty:
Unlike other offices within the White House, which were always exempt from the Freedom of Information Act, the Office of Administration responded to FOIA requests for 30 years. Until the Obama administration, watchdog groups on the left and the right used records from the office to shed light on how the White House works. "This is an office that operated under the FOIA for 30 years, and when it became politically inconvenient, they decided they weren't subject to the Freedom of Information Act any more," said Tom Fitton of the conservative Judicial Watch. That happened late in the Bush administration, when CREW sued over e-mails deleted by the White House — as many as 22 million of them, by one accounting. The White House at first began to comply with that request, but then reversed course. "The government made an argument in an effort to throw everything and the kitchen sink into the lawsuit in order to stop the archiving of White House e-mails," said Tom Blanton, the director of the National Security Archive at George Washington University, which has used similar requests to shed light on foreign policy decisions.
As USA Today further explains, the rule change means that there will no longer be a formal process for the public to request that the White House voluntarily disclose records as part of what's known as a "discretionary disclosure." Records released by the Office of Administration voluntarily include White House visitor logs and the recipe for beer brewed at the White House.
"You have a president who comes in and says, I'm committed to transparency and agencies should make discretionary disclosures whenever possible, but he's not applying that to his own White House," Weismann said.
Why wait until now? The White House did not explain why it waited nearly six years to formally acknowledge the court ruling in its regulations.
Because accountability, that's why. No really: "In the notice to be published Tuesday, the White House said it was not allowing a 30-day public comment period, and so the rule will be final."
Well, at least Obama has a sense of humor as he brings the country ever closer to the police state so well forecast by George Orwell: "It's a little tone deaf to do this on Sunshine Week, even if it's an administrative housecleaning," said Rick Blum, coordinator of the Sunshine in Government initiative for the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press."
And the punchline: the notice that will be published in Tuesday's Federal Register, and in which the White House says it's removing regulations on how the Office of Administration complies with Freedom of Information Act Requests based on "well-settled legal interpretations" is hosted on a cloud server run... by Amazon.
As NASA's Juno spacecraft loops around Jupiter, the Earth-bound Gemini North telescope is providing high-resolution images to help guide its exploration of the giant planet.
Using adaptive optics that removes atmospheric blur, astronomers at the telescope on Maunakea in Hawaii are revealing “a treasure-trove of fascinating events in Jupiter's atmosphere,” said Glenn Orton, the principal investigator for this Gemini adaptive optics investigation and coordinator for Earth-based observations supporting the Juno project at Caltech's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
The observations have now produced a composite color infrared image (above) of Jupiter showing haze particles over a range of altitudes, as seen in reflected sunlight.
In addition to images using adaptive optics, UC Berkeley's Michael Wong is using a longer-wavelength filter on the telescope to look at cloud opacity on the planet.
“These observations trace vertical flows that cannot be measured any other way, illuminating the weather, climate and general circulation in Jupiter's atmosphere,” Wong said.
“Events like this show that there's still much to learn about Jupiter's atmosphere,” Orton said. “The combination of Earth-based and spacecraft observations is a powerful one-two punch in exploring Jupiter.”
One of Tesla's biggest selling points is the supercharger network that it has been working so hard to expand. Especially with the mass deliveries of its first long range and affordable EV, the Model 3, looming on the horizon, being able to make long distance trips in across the Canadian border, or even throughout the mid-western United States could be difficult. In a Tweet today, CEO Elon Musk has disclosed plans to bridge the U.S. and Canada—and possibly even further.
The Model 3 is coming and Tesla knows it. The automaker has been gearing up for the huge hype by increasing the amount of superchargers so that the network congestion isn't nearly as bad as it was during the eclipse. The goal is to deploy 10,000 superchargers around the world by the end of 2017 - so far, they're reached about 60% of that goal by opening up 900 stations with the charging capacity for 6,000 cars. By 2018, that goal moves forward to 18,000 stalls across the globe.
Despite appearing a little behind schedule for 2017, plans are being finalized for 2018's roll out as well, which (according to a Tweet by Musk) appears to be a lot bigger than just a few stations peppered across the nation.
Protesters took to the streets in New York on Thursday evening as President Trump returned to his home state for the first time since his inauguration more than three months ago.
"This crowd, although not that big, got very loud," NBC News's Stephanie Gosk reported on MSNBC's "Hardball."
"We're in the hundreds here, probably started around a thousand," she said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Demonstrators were gathering near the decommissioned USS Intrepid aircraft carrier on Manhattan's West Side, where Trump was slated to speak Thursday evening.
President Trump arrives at the Intrepid to boos from protesters and chants of "New York hates you!" pic.twitter.com/CxRD66kmoF — David Mack (@davidmackau) May 4, 2017
Trump is speaking at the Intrepid museum to honor the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea, during which the U.S. and Australian forces fought together against the Japanese in World War II.
Trump is also meeting with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull after he makes his remarks. Trump pushed back his meeting several hours while the House voted Thursday on the GOP's plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare.
House Republicans narrowly passed the measure on a 217-213 vote, with 20 Republicans bucking their party and voting against the plan.
Trump's presidential opposer, Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, who formerly served as a senator from New York, won the state, 59 percent to Trump's 36.5 percent, in November.
Trump is highly unpopular in Manhattan itself, where the protesters demonstrated against him Thursday. Nearly 87 percent voted for Clinton, compared with his almost 10 percent.
The women on the U.S. national soccer team don't get paid as much as the men, so they have filed a complaint with the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission . The numbers in the complaint are stark, showing that the women earned less than the men's national team despite far better performance. Team member Becky Sauerbrunn said, “U.S. Soccer has no justification for paying us as little as they do.” There actually is an economic justification for the women's soccer pay disparity.
Imagine a different situation. You're planning on two parties and you want an entertainer at each of them. You're thinking of Katy Perry for one, and opera singer Jonas Kaufmann for another. Perry makes about $135 million a year, according to the Forbes Celebrity 100 list. What about Kaufmann, who may well be a better musician than Perry? Kaufmann failed to make the Forbes list, though $29 million in earnings would have put him on it. I don't know how much Kaufmann makes, but a knowledgeable source thinks three to five million a year is a good estimate for a top opera star.
How much would you have to pay Perry to get her to perform? A person earning $135 million wouldn't spend time at your party for a hundred grand, but that might well motivate the guy just getting by on $5 million.
The key point is that people with higher base earnings will demand more money for their time than people with lower base earnings. How about that guy who plays the trumpet downtown for tips? He may be a great musician, but he can probably be hired pretty cheap.
Back to soccer. Top athletes play for “club and country.” Club refers to their regular jobs, for teams in Major League Soccer, the English Premier League or the other leagues around the world. The most talented also play for country, their national team. Most earnings come from club salaries, with national teams paying less money, for fewer games.
The Forbes Celebrity list has a number of male soccer players, but no women. The U.S. men's team has a player who earns $6 million from his club (Michael Bradley of Toronto FC). The maximum salary for the women in the National Women's Soccer League is $126,000 (but the details are complicated).
The bottom line is that the men on the national soccer team make a lot of money from their clubs, but the women don't . Some of the men might not bother to show up for paltry pay, but the women are likely to be less particular—because their regular jobs pay so little.
Is this discrimination? The pay disparity derives not from U.S. Soccer but from the money paid to players by their teams. Men's teams pay more because they have hugely higher attendance and hugely higher television audiences. MLS average attendance last year was 21,574 per game. The NWSL averaged 5,046 per game. Men's soccer salaries are pulled up by competition with international teams, where pay runs as high as $79 million a year (Cristiano Ronaldo of Real Madrid). The top woman player, Marta (FC Rosengard), gets $400,000. With endorsements, Alex Morgan (Orlando Price) is thought to earn $1 million a year.
The discrimination in soccer comes from the fans. They attend the MLS games, they watch MLS on television, and they buy jerseys from MLS teams. Fewer of them attend NWSL games. Hardly any of those games are televised, but who thinks a league with small attendance would produce many viewers?
I'm personally sympathetic to the women's claim. I have front-row season tickets for the women's team Portland Thorns (as well as the MLS Portland Timbers). I see the women sweat, strain, take body blows, get up and hustle down the field again. It's fun to watch, but a hard way to make a buck. If fans supported women soccer players as much as they support men's professional teams, then women athletes would earn as much as the men. Until then, not likely at all.
Sponsored Article PIVX Seeks To Improve Privacy With Zerocoin Protocol Integration
The Anonymous Cryptocurrency, Private Instant Verified Transaction (PIVX) is set to execute Zerocoin Protocol to enhance its prevailing system of permitting private transactions. This, in fact, will enable users to mint and spend coins with no transaction history with the utilization of Zero-Knowledge Proofs (ZKP).
[Note: This is a sponsored article]
At the prevailing state, their privacy implementation comprises wallet coin mixing which employs CoinJoin with different enhancements over the original, in a decentralized mode aided by the chain of masternodes.
Even though it affords a supplementary panel of mystery in transactions, it does not offer absolute anonymity. It is actually considerably better than the conventional Bitcoin transaction. This is the more reason why the Dash code-fork is bent on ensuring an improvement. The announcement was made on the PIVX blog stating that:
Private Instant Verified Transaction (PIVX) will implement Zerocoin Protocol to improve its current method of enabling private transactions. The underlying technology utilizes Zero-Knowledge Proofs (ZKP) that allow users to mint and spend coins with no transaction history.
What Zerocoin Protocol provides is the capability of Zero-Knowledge records to guarantee absolute financial privacy. Zero-Knowledge proof is a cryptographic process that one person (the sender) can prove to another individual (the receiver) that a delivered statement is valid, without bearing any notice aside from the evidence that the record is really true.
In this circumstance of Zerocoin, Zero-Knowledge proofs support for financial transactions to transpire including the exclusive known information remaining that funds were indeed transferred or obtained.
Fascinatingly, PIVX is going to be the first Proof of Stake cryptocurrency to implement Zerocoin Protocol. With disrespect for privacy and burgeoning centralized control, private transaction and anonymity is crucial and cannot be overemphasized
With the transfer of value, PIVX will shortly attain that purpose. The integration of Zero-Knowledge Proofs will supplement existing characteristics of PIVX which comprises faster transactions (SwiftTX), incentivized node network (Masternodes) and Community Designed Governance making PIVX a sturdy private, instant and verified Cryptocurrency and a force to be reckoned with in the digital currency ecosystem.
Do you think PIVX will be able to deliver absolute financial privacy? Let us know in the comments below.
Images courtesy of PIVX, Twitter
STANFORD, CA—Saying their findings were consistent across all ages and demographic groups, psychologists at Stanford University released a groundbreaking report this week confirming that feeling bad right now is an extremely accurate predictor of feeling bad forever.
The report, which draws its conclusions from a longitudinal study of 500 participants conducted over the course of 30 years, found a nearly perfect correlation between experiencing sadness, anger, loneliness, and despair at the current moment and then continuing to experience those exact same emotions for the rest of one's life no matter what.
Advertisement
“Based on our findings, we can state with a high level of certainty that anyone who feels miserable at the present time will, from this moment onward, always feel miserable,” said the report's co-author Danielle Bowman, adding that researchers observed zero cases in which a subject's feelings of sorrow or hopelessness ever went away in the short or long term. “For example, if, at the moment, you are desperately lonely and depressed, the evidence overwhelmingly suggests you will still feel that way when you wake up tomorrow, the day after that, a month from now, in five years, and indeed, every single waking second until you die.”
“There were, however, several instances in which people's emotional states did eventually change,” Bowman continued. “In roughly 31 percent of cases, people began to feel much worse over the years.”
According to the study, individuals who currently struggle with feelings of worthlessness and believe there is no way anyone could ever really love them have a 99.8 percent chance of maintaining that state of mind for the remainder of their natural lives. Similarly, the results indicated a state of anguish will be permanent for 99.6 percent of those suffering from a sense that their life is headed in the wrong direction and there is nothing they can do to stop it.
Advertisement
The study, which began with clinical trials and field observations in 1986, also concluded that anyone who at any point became anxious or melancholy never again experienced happiness in any form, regardless of any changes in their exercise habits, diet, psychological or pharmacological treatments, relationship status, or employment situation.
In addition, the report's authors recommended that if you feel bad at present, you should simply save yourself further trouble by abandoning any hope of things ever getting better.
Greg Hudson, a participant in the study who said he hasn't felt a pleasant or even neutral emotion since the 1990s, told reporters he agreed with the researchers' recommendation.
Advertisement
“About 20 years ago, I was going through a hard time both at work and at home, putting in too many hours and having difficulty getting along with my boss while at the same time dealing with some marital stress,” said Hudson, a visibly weary man now in his 50s. “Just waking up and getting out of bed every day was like torture. That was in 1997, and I can honestly say that today, after all these years, I feel every bit as awful as I did back then. At no point has anything changed. Ever.”
The study also found strong evidence to suggest that feelings of pure joy can be expected to dissipate completely within one to two seconds after they first appear.
MUMBAI, India — India hanged a man on Saturday who had been convicted of involvement in a 2001 attack on Parliament that killed nine people.
The hanging of the man, Muhammad Afzal, also known as Afzal Guru, a 43-year-old militant with the group Jaish-e-Muhammad, came more than a decade after the Dec. 13, 2001, suicide attack on India's Parliament, in which five gunmen armed with grenades, guns and explosives opened fire, killing nine people, most of them security officials. The execution drew protests from human rights groups concerned about the growing use of capital punishment in such cases.
Mr. Afzal was convicted of conspiracy in the plot and sentenced to death by a special court in 2002. In 2004, the Indian Supreme Court upheld the death sentence.
After the execution, clashes broke out in Mr. Afzal's hometown, Sopore, in the northern part of Jammu and Kashmir State, and the police and paramilitary units were called to restore order. Days before the execution, President Pranab Mukherjee had rejected a plea for mercy from Mr. Afzal's wife, according to reports from The Press Trust of India, paving the way for his hanging in the Tihar Jail complex near New Delhi, officials said.
A full Oculus Rift rig will cost you less than $1,500
A complete Oculus Rift rig will set you back less that $1,500, including the gaming PC required to drive it, co-founder Brendan Iribe has revealed. The figure – something which has been the topic of much argument both before and after Facebook acquired the virtual reality startup – may surprise some, after ominous predictions that the headset could be in fact too demanding for most gamers. Those fears had been alleviated somewhat earlier this month, however.
Then, Oculus detailed the sort of minimum specifications a PC would require in order to drive the consumer version of Rift. That included an Intel Core i5-4590 processor or higher, paired with at least 8GB of memory.
An NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 or AMD 290-series graphics chip, with the ability to output via HDMI v1.3, would also be needed, along with two USB 3.0 ports.
Speaking at the Code Conference today, Oculus co-founder and CEO Brendan Iribe would not be drawn on how expensive Rift alone might be, but did give a ceiling for the minimum rig as a whole. VR enthusiasts should expect to budget under $1,500 for the entry-level system, Iribe confirmed.
However, splash out on a more capable PC, the chief exec pointed out, and you'd get a more immersive “holodeck experience.”
As for the thorny – and long-unanswered – question of how Rift will be controlled, Oculus will detail that at the upcoming E3 2015 games convention, Iribe revealed. Rival headsets, like HTC VIVE, use optically-tracked control sticks, though generally Rift has been shown working with more generic gamepads.
Oculus has previous said we can expect the consumer version of the Rift headset in early 2016.
Mt. Kilimanjaro looms above travelers on their way to work at the sugarcane fields of Moshi, Tanzania.
“Frankly, isn't it stupid to tell people, like they teach you in film school, not to look at the camera?” —Sandor Krasna, Sans Soleil
The camera lens. Anyone within binocular eyeshot is roused with excitement or fear. I have now become the cyclops of a space-age Homer.
Moshi, “Smoke” in Swahili, the city that lies beneath Kilimanjaro—the highest peak in Africa and the tallest free-standing mountain in the world. From the town center and the main road that bisects it, dirt roads spoke in all directions to various villages. After miles of sugarcane and Christmas Trees (because they blossom around Christmas), one such road leads to Newland the home of St. Timothy's Primary School. Pastor James and his wife, Beatrice, founded and now co-run the school that serves 123 boarding students, 350 total students, and 8 class years. It's also ranked 5th, out of 927, in its district. When I visited Advocate (and Google coworker) Brandie Heinel, she was busy distributing bicycles and planning the construction of two new classrooms.
Beatrice at the St. Tim's office.
Is it the mark of a good camera operator, or rather, the mark of a good actor to allow a scene to appear natural? I wonder this as the children on the bus to St. Tim's smile, laugh, yell, and generally focus on my camera. As anyone who has tried to take pictures of children who haven't grown up inundated with technology knows, these kids love having their picture taken. I'll spare you the GB's worth of evidence…
This bold acceptance fits nicely into a chart, I'll let you imagine, which could be titled “Figure — Picture Being Taken, Reactions” It's a spectrum, but in my limited experience as a documentary photographer, there are three main vertices, or extremes, making a triangle of reactions. The first vertex, Yes, generally occurs before the photographer can even ask to take a picture. The duty is intercepted by the subject, “Take my picture!” They demand as they strike a pose. The trick back to natural interaction is simply to wear them down before they do the same to you. Eventually bored by an unmoving camera, life goes on.
Children, on break, invited me into their classroom to photograph them.
Still within the consent area is the next vertex, Faux. This can range anywhere from embarrassed resignation to overacting. Someone hides their face behind a hand or a laugh. Someone sees you, you know they've seen you, yet they (try to) return what they were doing with a change in character. This reaction is just north of the ideal on the chart, but in terms of preference, far from it. Discomfort is a ratchet, not the far end of a cog. It can increase and increase, but there's no going back. The ideal lies in the center and is what I'm calling Brando. Subject acknowledges the camera, gives permission to film and, completely unhindered, continues with what they were doing. This takes a very strong willed person, or more often, a person whom the photographer has a relationship with… Noted.
Students in Newland, on their way to school.
The final vertex is No. No, you may not take my picture. No, your interjection does not fit my narrative. No, you are not a welcome presence. No. This happens and it makes filming difficult. Do you still capture the scene? If yes, how do you creatively remove that individual? On my second day at St. Tim's I asked Rachel, one of the staff, “Nikupige picha?” She is half-turned to acknowledge me, but shook her head. “Hapana?” I asked. Hapana. I panned left and resumed filming. However, after that refusal, she was everywhere. Every time I began to setup a shot, I would have to reframe it to respect her wishes. Hmmmmm.
Later, I heard an electronic rendition of a camera shutter. I turned and saw Rachel talking on her cellphone. As I packed my bags for the day, I heard the sound again. “Picha!? Mi mi!?” I yelled. I had caught Rachel in the act of photography. She smiled and began laughing, heartily. Was this payback or curiosity? I wondered. I laughed and then drew my own camera on her. With the tables suddenly turned, she ran away. Still hapana, I suppose.
Besides some relief, this event made me feel that I had heavily influenced the proceedings of what I captured that day. Inevitably, no matter where a reaction falls on the Figure, you have changed the scene. How people react. How events pan out. People see a camera and their flow is momentarily or permanently thrown. Yet, I'm trying to hide my presence from you, the viewers. Is that honest? Is it important to document that I'm documenting? Eye contact with the camera was once accused of breaking the fourth wall, the sealed membrane of another reality. The performance. To me, absolutely obliterating this wall is essential to documentary. This isn't a separate world. No yours and theirs. As you watch, can you imagine what that person is doing at this moment? Now?
Neutrality in depiction and influence is certainly a goal, but it's akin to creating a frictionless surface. Impossible. What you seek instead is its closest approximation. Or, sometimes, an ownership of it's absence. You are free to trade glances with the camera.
UNC-Chapel Hill has two Halls of Fame basketball coaches who each have at least one national championship on their resumes: Sylvia Hatchell and Roy Williams.
Hatchell is the second winningest women's coach in NCAA history; Williams was the fastest men's coach to 700 wins. Both have been coaching for more than 25 years and have nearly always taken their teams to the NCAA tournament.
But as the NCAA case involving serious allegations against both programs grinds toward likely sanctions, Williams, 65, has won a lucrative contract extension; Hatchell, 63, is without one.
UNC officials aren't explaining why two top-flight coaches would be treated differently. As a result, the university has attracted questions about whether it is sacrificing Hatchell and her program to spare the men's basketball program from harsh NCAA sanctions. Neither coach has been accused of doing anything wrong.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The News & Observer
Since the NCAA hit UNC with allegations of five major infractions, including a lack of institutional control, Hatchell has seen her team take a heavy blow. Three recruits from a stellar 2013 recruiting season have left for other schools. One transferred days before the allegations arrived at UNC; the other two in the following weeks. A fourth left a year ago, after a season in which Hatchell stepped away to undergo chemotherapy to combat leukemia. Hatchell so far has held onto this season's recruiting class, which includes two high school All-Americans.
On Friday, UNC Athletic Director Bubba Cunningham said more evidence emerged that a few more former women basketball players had received improper academic help. He said that information had been shared with the NCAA. This development is likely to push back a hearing on the NCAA's allegations at least by two months.
On the men's side, Williams continues to field an experienced team already touted as a favorite for the 2016 national championship. Only one player left – for the NBA, and not out of fear of a tournament ban. Top high school prospects, however, have shown concern about possible sanctions and have chosen other schools, including archrival Duke.
Cunningham's announcement makes it more likely that the men's team will finish the upcoming season before the NCAA decides penalties.
Football recruits have said coach Larry Fedora told them the NCAA won't hurt his program, based on the advice of UNC's lawyers. Fedora has not discussed specifics, but said he felt “confident things were going to turn out good.”
Last month, Meghan Austin, a former player of Hatchell's and now a coach herself, drew national attention to the differing perceptions of the men's and women's programs in a column published in The News & Observer. She claimed that UNC is sacrificing Hatchell and her program to the NCAA to spare men's basketball and football.
“With the NCAA allegations, I am trying to wrap my head around how the women's basketball team has been made the scapegoat in all of this,” wrote Austin, the women's basketball coach at Montreat College near Asheville. “Our program was not the only team in the report, yet we are the ones being talked about the most. Roy Williams and his program were in the report, and he got a contract extension. The football program was in the report, and its coaching staff was confident enough to tell recruits that they will not receive any repercussions from the NCAA investigation.”
Among those who tweeted the link to Austin's column: Chamique Holdsclaw, a former University of Tennessee and WNBA star; and Nicole LaVoi, a University of Minnesota professor and advocate for women's sports.
“The war on Women Coaches is real,” LaVoi tweeted. She later said in an email she knew little about the case.
In an interview last month, Cunningham declined to discuss the details of Hatchell's contract situation. He typically does not comment on personnel matters. Her contract ends in 2018; Williams' extension keeps him at UNC until 2020.
“I have immense respect for Coach Hatchell and her career and the success that she's had,” Cunningham said. “I'm delighted that she's contracted through 2018. And as we do with all of our teams, I'll review her situation, her team's situation, at the end of (next) season.”
On Friday, he said he continued to have confidence in the program's coaching staff.
Bringing the money
Men's basketball and football are the money-making sports at UNC and other top Division I schools. Men's basketball feeds the coffers of the NCAA. The organization collected nearly a billion dollars in revenue last year, USA Today reported, nearly all of it from the “March Madness” tournament. The majority of the money goes back to the member schools.
Women's sports typically lose money, but universities are required under the federal anti-discrimination Title IX law to carry them if they want to have men's programs.
UNC's football and men's basketball teams were the two highest in terms of enrollments in the fake classes within the African studies department, according to the most in-depth investigation into the scandal, which was led by former federal prosecutor Kenneth Wainstein. Over an 18-year period, more than 3,100 students enrolled in the fake classes; roughly half of them were athletes.
There were two types of bogus classes: lecture classes that never met, and independent studies that had no instruction. Football players accounted for 963 enrollments in the classes that were listed as lectures, which began in 1999, while men's basketball accounted for 226. Football teams include roughly seven times as many athletes as basketball.
Men's basketball had nearly double the 114 enrollments of the women's basketball team.
The disparity is even greater in the independent studies, which began in 1993. Men's basketball players were in these classes from the beginning, while the women don't show up in significant numbers until 1998. By 1999, when the fake lecture classes were added to the scam, the men's team had 57 independent studies enrollments, compared with 15 enrollments for the women. (Wainstein said at least half of all the independent studies offered had no instruction.)
The Boxill factor
The ‘scapegoat' speculation comes at a time when UNC is drafting its response to the NCAA's enforcement division. UNC could seek to pursue an agreement with the NCAA's enforcement division on sanctions and penalties. Known as a summary disposition, it's a way to avoid a lengthy hearing before the Committee on Infractions, a panel of athletic and academic officials who mete out punishment.
It's up to the committee to accept such summary dispositions; it can reject them entirely and proceed to a hearing, or simply hit the universities with tougher penalties. Stuart Brown, an attorney who represents universities in infractions cases, said it's unlikely the committee would accept a summary disposition, given the severity of the case and the widespread public interest in the outcome.
Neither the NCAA nor UNC is talking about the specifics of the case.
Some UNC athletics advocates say women's basketball faces the biggest hit. Its former longtime academic counselor, Jan Boxill, was directly involved in the long-running academic fraud.
One of the NCAA's allegations specifically cites her efforts to keep women's basketball players academically eligible.
Wainstein found that the fraud began in 1993 when Deborah Crowder, then an administrative manager for the African studies department, started creating classes that had no instruction and only required a paper that she would then give a high grade. She was not a faculty member. She launched the fake classes after academic counselors for the athletes complained to her about independent studies that were too rigorous, Wainstein reported.
The counselors were not identified, but Crowder was close friends with Burgess McSwain, the men's basketball academic counselor. Crowder was also a huge fan of men's basketball and was sometimes so distraught about a loss that she would miss work the next day. McSwain died in 2004.
Multiple sports
Boxill's involvement in the scandal is deep. Her email correspondence shows she arranged for women's basketball players to be enrolled in the classes, suggested grades in one instance and in five instances wrote parts of athletes' papers. She was also a philosophy instructor and provided suspect grades for athletes with some of her classes, the investigation found.
Boxill, former director of the Parr Center for Ethics, was elected faculty leader in 2011, shortly before the fake classes were discovered.
One UNC supporter, Art Chansky, who has written several books about the Tar Heel basketball team's success on the court, wrote last month that Hatchell should “go gracefully” after the upcoming season, and that her program would take the hardest hit from the NCAA.
That drew criticism from Mary Willingham, the learning specialist for athletes who blew the whistle on the fake classes, and UNC history professor Jay Smith. In their book “Cheated,” they wrote that enrollment records show the cheating began to accommodate men's basketball, and continued when Williams became coach.
Boxill's efforts to assist women's basketball players by writing parts of papers and seeking a grade boost is a specific extra benefits allegation within the NCAA's report. But more than 20 exhibits cited in another allegation – that athletes in several sports received impermissible benefits in the form of special arrangements to enter the classes – cite Boxill as well.
Three of the exhibits appear to be an email discussion between Boxill, Wayne Walden, the men's basketball counselor who succeeded McSwain, and Janet Huffstetler, a tutor for the men's basketball team, over grading in one of Boxill's philosophy courses.
“I have re-examined the quizzes and have changed the grades – only slightly in two cases,” Boxill wrote in one of the emails, dated July 11, 2005.
That has nothing to do with athletes being given “special arrangements” to Crowder's fake classes, which is the thrust of that allegation, but it is included there, instead of with the allegation citing Boxill's misconduct.
Trusted Boxill
All three sports are identified in two major allegations: a lack of institutional control and the acceptance of impermissible benefits.
Football might face a less harsh sanction because the NCAA has already penalized the program in a previous investigation that determined agents and their runners had handed out cash and other perks to players, and that a tutor had provided impermissible help on some athletes' papers.
The NCAA vacated 16 wins going back to 2008, fined UNC and banned the university from postseason play for the 2012 season. Coach Butch Davis was fired, even though UNC could not pin any impropriety on him, and the athletic director, Dick Baddour, retired early.
Hatchell became the women's coach in 1986. She told investigators she knew her players were taking a lot of classes within the African studies department, but she thought they were in classes that actually met. She also said she thought Crowder, the administrative manager who offered the fake classes, was a faculty member.
Hatchell said she had great trust in Boxill, a former women's basketball coach for the University of Tampa who provided color commentary for radio broadcasts of the UNC women's basketball games.
Williams was an assistant coach at UNC under Dean Smith, then left in 1988 to coach at Kansas. He returned to UNC in 2003 and brought academic counselor Walden with him.
Unlike Hatchell, Williams told Wainstein he saw some things he didn't like. He noticed that his team had many African studies majors, and they were taking a lot of independent studies. He said he knew one, Rashad McCants, took “three or four” independent studies in the spring 2005 semester, when the team won a national championship.
McCants told ESPN he had failed algebra and psychology courses in the Fall 2004 semester, jeopardizing his eligibility. He took nothing but fake classes the following semester, his transcript showed, and made the dean's list. Several of his teammates had also enrolled in fake classes that semester, Wainstein reported.
In a recent interview for ESPN and Yahoo Sports, Williams spoke of being credited for moving his players away from the classes. Williams did not bring his concerns to the NCAA, UNC academic officials or the athletic department's compliance staff.
Williams didn't speak publicly of his concerns until Wainstein's report was released in October, three years after the scandal surfaced.
‘No support'
In an interview last month, Austin said she came up with the column earlier this summer while working at Hatchell's basketball camp. Austin said she and other former players discussed how to show support for Hatchell and her program.
“Some of us former players, we kind of sat down this summer and we were talking about how it didn't sit right with us that it seems like there's so many teams that were involved in the (bogus class) situation but women's basketball was the one that people were pinpointing,” Austin said.
Austin said she hoped that other former players, whom she declined to name, would be willing to speak out and share their frustration – and their support for Hatchell. Austin said she would encourage them to contact The N&O. None have.
Nonetheless, Austin said the most meaningful support for Hatchell would come from the UNC administration.
“There's no support for Coach Hatchell at all,” Austin said. “And a lot of us have worked in college athletics before, and we know how important it is to have the support of your bosses.” Austin could not be reached Friday for comment after Cunningham's press conference.
Cunningham said last month he disagreed with the characterization that Hatchell hasn't received support. He noted that Hatchell is under contract for three more seasons and that “she's had a great career (and) a lot of success.”
“And I'd expect that success into the future,” he said.
Hatchell declined to comment for this story. She has retained a prominent lawyer, Wade Smith of Raleigh, who also declined comment.
Aaron Sorkin, the Oscar-winning screenwriter of the Social Network and creator of the popular political series The West Wing, has written a letter to his wife and 15-year-old daughter after the election of Donald Trump, in which he calls on them to “fight injustice” anywhere they see it.
The letter, which is addressed to “Sorkin Girls”, focuses on the potential pitfalls of a Trump victory as well as the importance of keeping hope in the face of difficulty.
“Well the world changed late last night in a way I couldn't protect us from,” Sorkin writes in the letter published by Vanity Fair. “That's a terrible feeling for a father. I won't sugarcoat it – this is truly horrible.
Brexit and Trump mark a whitelash. Politicians must not pander to it | Polly Toynbee Read more
“It's hardly the first time my candidate didn't win (in fact it's the sixth time) but it is the first time that a thoroughly incompetent pig with dangerous ideas, a serious psychiatric disorder, no knowledge of the world and no curiosity to learn has.”
Sorkin goes on to lament that it was not just Trump who won but his supporters too, including the Ku Klux Klan as well as “white nationalists, sexists, racists and buffoons. Angry young white men who think rap music and Cinco de Mayo are a threat to their way of life … men who have no right to call themselves that and who think women who aspire to more than looking hot are shrill, ugly and otherwise worthy of our scorn rather than our admiration.”
Hate, he writes, was given hope, and “abject dumbness” was glamorised as the voice of the outsider. “And the world took no time to react. The Dow futures dropped 7,000 points overnight. Economist are predicting a deep and prolonged recession. Our Nato allies are in a state of legitimate fear. And speaking of fear, Muslim-Americans [sic], Mexican-Americans and African-Americans are shaking in their shoes. And we'd be right to note than many of Donald Trump's fans are not fans of Jews.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Donald Trump smiles as he arrives to speak at an election night rally in New York. Photograph: Evan Vucci/AP
The West Wing detailed the inner workings of government and followed the two-term presidency of Jed Bartlet, a Democrat from New Hampshire – played by Martin Sheen – who was characterised by his fierce intellect, integrity and wit.
The drama, which won three Golden Globe awards and 26 Emmys in its seven-year run from 1999-2006, detailed the difficulties of executing power, and was often idealistic in its depiction of good triumphing over evil.
The 1600 Pennsylvania imagined by Sorkin could not be more different from the one expected under Trump. President Bartlet, a Nobel prize-winning economist, was in favour of foreign aid and immigration, pushed for progressive social policies and put a Latino liberal in the supreme court.
Madeleine Albright warns Trump against isolationist posturing on Nato Read more
In the letter, Sorkin advises his daughter, Roxy, and her mother, Julia, to remember that they are not alone, that a hundred million people in America and a billion more around the world feel similarly. “The Trumpsters want to see people like us (Jewish, ‘coastal elites', educated, socially progressive, Hollywood …) sobbing and wailing and talking about moving to Canada,” he writes. “I won't give them that and neither will you. Here's what we'll do …
“We'll fucking fight. (Roxy, there's a time for this kind of language and it's now.) We're not powerless and we're not voiceless. We don't have majorities in the House or Senate but we do have representatives there. It's also good to remember that most members of Trump's own party feel exactly the same way about him that we do. We make sure that the people we sent to Washington – including Kamala Harris – take our strength with them and never take a day off.
“We get involved. We do what we can to fight injustice anywhere we see it –whether it's writing a cheque or rolling up our sleeves. Our family is fairly insulated from the effects of a Trump presidency so we fight for the families that aren't. We fight for a woman to keep her right to choose. We fight for the first amendment and we fight mostly for equality – not for a guarantee of equal outcomes but for equal opportunities. We stand up.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jed Bartlet in The West Wing. Photograph: NBCUPHOTOBANK / Rex Features
Recently, the cast of The West Wing, including Richard Schiff, Allison Janney, Bradley Whitford, Joshua Malina, Dulé Hill and Mary McCormack, reunited in Ohio to campaign for Hillary Clinton. Sorkin, meanwhile, who is also the mastermind of the series The Newsroom, concludes his letter by writing that throughout American history the darkest of days have always been followed by the finest hours.
“Roxy, I know my predictions have let you down in the past, but personally, I don't think this guy can make it a year without committing an impeachable crime. If he does manage to be a douche nozzle without breaking the law for four years, we'll make it through those four years. And three years from now we'll fight like hell for our candidate and we'll win and they'll lose and this time they'll lose for good. Honey, it'll be your first vote.
“The battle isn't over, it's just begun. Grandpa fought in World War II and when he came home this country handed him an opportunity to make a great life for his family. I will not hand his granddaughter a country shaped by hateful and stupid men. Your tears last night woke me up, and I'll never go to sleep on you again.”
Is your smartphone or tablet a key part of your nighttime rituals? Do you like to curl up in bed with your favorite app, check the latest news, and maybe watch some videos before drifting off to sleep? You're far from alone, but sometimes that late-night device usage can have a negative impact on our sleep. Problem is, all the blue-spectrum light given off by mobile screens has a tendency to mess with our natural circadian rhythms – we see all that blue, and our brains think it's daytime, not sleep time. We've already looked at some apps that try and remedy this situation by dialing-down the blue components of on-screen graphics, and now Amazon's delivering a similar feature to users of its Kindle Fire series of tablets, all thanks to a new Fire OS 5 update.
The update introduces a feature Amazon's calling Blue Shade, which minimizes blue light from the tablets' screen output. That should not only help cut down on eye strain, but allow users to interact with their tablets in the time leading up to bed without interfering with natural sleep cycles.
Beyond Blue Shade, the update also introduces expanded Parental Controls, including an Activity Center that gives parents quick stats on how children are using their devices.
The Fire OS update is headed out now, and will continue to hit more and more users over the weeks to come.
Source: TechCrunch
San Francisco-based conservative talk show host Michael Savage — whose sharp-tongued right-wing commentary has earned him headlines across the U.S. — is making news again: He's been banned in Britain.
Savage told The Chronicle in an exclusive interview this morning that he was shocked to learn the news that he was included in the British government's first-ever list of nearly two dozen people from across the globe who are banned from entering the nation for allegedly fostering extremism or hatred.
“When I woke up and saw this this morning … my first thought was, damn, there goes the summer trip where I planned to have my dental work done,” the “Savage Nation” host joked. “My second thought was, darn … there goes my visit to the restaurants of England for their great cuisine.”
But, he added, the issue is no laughing matter — and represents a serious threat to free speech.
“Today it's me. Tomorrow it's someone else,” he said. “My first reaction is, this can't be happening … that the land of the Magna Carta has now become the land of the mini-Carta.”
The list of high-profile banned visitors was released by Home Secretary Jacqui Smith, who published 16 of the 22 names of people banned from the country since October. They include Muslim extremists, jailed Russian gang members and an Israeli settler.
Smith cited “public interest” reasons for not disclosing the other six names, but said that the country wanted to establish what kind of standards it would set in allowing in foreign visitors.
“I think it's important that people understand the sorts of values and sorts of standards that we have here, the fact that it's a privilege to come and the sort of things that mean you won't be welcome in this country,” Smith told Britain's GMTV.
Savage, who broadcasts from San Francisco on KNEW — and reaches an estimated 8 to 10 million listeners on more than 350 stations nationwide, according to industry publications — has made news for calling the Quran, the Muslim holy book, a “book of hate.”
And he has earned the wrath of parents of autistic children, saying that many times it's “a brat who hasn't been told to cut the act out.”
His companions on the British list include Stephen “Don” Black, who founded a white supremacist Web site in Florida, and preacher Fred Phelps, who leads an anti-gay church in Topeka, Kan., and who has been to San Francisco numerous times to mount anti-gay protests.
Others on the list: Yunis Al-Astal, a Hamas lawmaker in Gaza, Egyptian cleric Safwat Hijazi, Israeli settler Mike Guzovsky, who has been accused by British authorities of being linked to military training camps.
Two leaders of a Russian gang, Artur Ryno and Pavel Skachevsky, were also barred; they served more than a decade in Russian prisons for racially based murders of 19 people, according to the Associated Press.
Savage told The Chronicle that being included in such a crowd is no laughing matter — and he is now preparing legal action against Smith, he said.
“This lunatic … is linking me up with Nazi skinheads who are killing people in Russia, she's putting me in a league with Hamas murderers who kill Jews on busses,” he said. “I have never advocated violence … I've been on the air 15 years. My views may be inflammatory, but they're not violent in any way.”
He said he has been defamed and endangered by the British government action. “She has painted a target on my back, linking me with people who are in prison for killing people,” he said. “Does she not think people might hunt me down?”
Savage said he has had no contact with the British government or with Smith's office and has no idea how he ended up on the British Home secretary's list.
And he said he is working with attorneys and supporters who have called from around the world in an effort to find out.
“Is it the government's investigation? Who did this? If she didn't draw it up, who did?” he said.
But he said that even liberals should be disturbed at the move by the British government taken this week because they should wonder “who's next?”
“All I've done is expressing strong political opinions that happen to be quite patriotic to a large generation of Americans. They're not really out of the mainstream with most of America. Yeah, they're out of the mainstream with San Francisco and Los Angeles,” he said.
But now “who else will be banned — all the people who listen to my show, 10 million people? Should they also not go to Britian?”
After years of vigorously defending the necessity of anonymity in the field of restaurant criticism, Dallas Morning News critic Leslie Brenner has "outed" herself with a big reveal. A newspaper interactive feature shares two photos of the critic, as well as a video to explain the abrupt change of heart.
"Dining incognito is the ideal way for a restaurant critic to operate — and it's the way I was able to work for the first few years I was on the dining beat here in Dallas," she writes. "But now I'm going to work in a different way."
This sudden change in policy represents a backflip not only by Brenner, but also the Dallas Morning News, which has in the past exerted its influence on the behavior of previous critics, under the pretext of maintaining journalistic credibility.
Given her long-standing defense of anonymity, Leslie Brenner's reversal represents a major shift in her ethical stance.
Given her long-standing defense of anonymity, Brenner's reversal represents a major shift in her ethical stance. Up until now, she's championed anonymity as a defining characteristic of a "professional" food critic, one that separates the critic from mere bloggers. She's even criticized other critics who've abandoned anonymity.
In her words
In a 2009 interview posted on SideDish shortly after she was hired by the Dallas Morning News, Brenner said that anonymity is extremely important for a critic.
"It's extremely important for a critic to dine anonymously, and that's what I'll be doing," she said. "For one thing, although chefs can only cook as well as they can cook, if an executive chef recognizes a critic in the room, the chef can be sure to be on the line — to personally take charge of the critic's order — when he or she might otherwise have left it in charge of a sou or a chef de cuisine.
"It's easy to ratchet up the quality control if you know a critic's in the house."
In the same interview, she asserts that anonymity matters with service, as well: "Especially when it comes to more formal dining, there's tremendous skill involved in serving seamlessly – remaining inobtrusive [sic], yet still anticipating diners' needs — and recognizing a critic can't magically give a waiter that skill," she said.
In her book, The Fourth Star: Dispatches From Inside Daniel Boulud's Celebrated New York Restaurant, she disputes the statement by critic William Grimes that he was treated no differently when he was recognized at a restaurant. "I've been behind the pass, and I see what happens," she said.
And when former Houston Press critic Robb Walsh abandoned his efforts at anonymity, Brenner called him out, citing a Los Angeles Times column she said she assigned to writer Regina Schrambling, which read that restaurants can't do much to instantly improve things if they know a critic is in the house.
"Dropping anonymity makes life much easier for the critic," she said in the past. "But it simply doesn't serve our readers to do so when there's a choice."
"Right. Not instantly," Brenner said. "But given about five minutes (Chef! Get your butt over to the restaurant!!!!), they absolutely can. Not to admit that is folly."
"Dropping anonymity makes life much easier for the critic," she said. "But it simply doesn't serve our readers to do so when there's a choice."
Belo backdown
Brenner's defense of anonymity has been matched over the years by her employer. When '80s-era critic Waltrina Stovall was appointed, she was ordered to resign her membership in Les Dames d'Escoffier, the women's food and beverage group, because the newspaper fretted that her identity would be revealed to member chefs, says Dolores Snyder, founder of the Dallas chapter.
And when Dotty Griffith was designated critic in 1997, the newspaper underwrote her "makeover" and haircut in an effort to counteract the recognizable profile she'd already carved out as food editor.
Anonymity remains the guideline recommended by the Association of Food Journalists, a professional organization to which the Dallas Morning News dining staff has always been heavily subscribed, with three staffers currently listed as members, including Brenner.
"Reviews should be conducted as anonymously as possible," says AFJ. "The goal of restaurant criticism is to experience the restaurant just as ordinary patrons do. However, true anonymity is often no longer possible. In that case, critics should engage in the practice of anonymity. Ideally, that means keeping all photos and social-media profiles photo-free and restricting public appearances."
Mysterious timing
In Brenner's video, she states that the profession is "evolving" and she wants to be on the "cutting edge" of that change. But it's hard to buy the cutting-edge theory, given the stream of critics who've already shed anonymity in a deliberate manner in the past five-plus years, from Walsh's announcement in 2009; to Chicago Tribune critic Phil Vettel, San Francisco Chronicle food writer Jonathan Kaufmann and Houston Chronicle critic Alison Cook in 2012; to Baltimore Sun critic Richard Gorelick in 2013; to New York magazine critic Adam Platt who famously revealed himself in December 2013; to Mimi Brodeur in June 2014. Stop me at any time here.
Rather than cutting edge, the timing of the reveal comes less than a month after an unfortunate and highly publicized incident at Dallas restaurant Proof + Pantry.
Rather than cutting edge, the timing of the reveal comes less than a month after an unfortunate and highly publicized incident at Dallas restaurant Proof + Pantry. Brenner, her husband Thierry Peremarti, her highly ranked superior Keven Ann Willey and Willey's husband Georges Badoux, went on a restaurant review — one that, incidentally, included approximately four cocktails and three bottles of wine, a liquor tally unprecedented in this tightly budgeted media era.
Uninterested in a Brenner review, Proof + Pantry refused her credit card payment, and a contretemps ensued. Brenner and her party left $500 in cash on the table. The next day, owners Michael Martensen and Sal Jafar II attempted to return the money at the newspaper offices, where they met with Willey and Lifestyles editor Lisa Thatcher Kresl.
A number of questionable behaviors were described during the encounter, including shouting and threats at the restaurant, as well as arrogant-sounding statements by Belo staffers such as, "We'll see what our readers think about you refusing service to someone," and "You don't get to make that decision about whether or not we write a review."
The SideDish post describing the incident has drawn 231 comments.
The Proof + Pantry scrap follows yet another controversy in July 2014 that involved Brenner and John Tesar, chef at Dallas restaurants Spoon and Knife. Tesar issued his now-infamous "fuck you" tweet, vocalizing a widespread disenchantment with Brenner's criticism. That dust-up drew national attention, including a column on Esquire.com that detailed the success of Tesar's campaign and that described Brenner as being "on the wrong side of history."
Brenner and her employer can try all they want to spin this newfound notoriety into celebrity by splashing her photo in public, but their effort reeks of a smoke screen, a distraction designed to hide deeper issues within the culture and management of the newspaper that created this monster in the first place.
In 2009, Brenner wrote, "I can tell you from having dined in Los Angeles as both a known food-world person when I was editor of the L.A. Times Food section and as an under-the-radar civilian that the service — and even often the cooking — are very different if you're known to be a food writer or editor. It's night and day.
"True, restaurant kitchens can't suddenly produce brilliant cooking if they can't already. But they can make sure the executive chef is taking care of your plate personally, and that you're assigned the best waitstaff. If you're recognized as a critic? Fuggedaboudit."
Post-Tesar, post-Proof + Pantry, she writes: "Our readers benefited from an excellent incognito run when I began," but now she's "dropping the ritual."
It appears that the "excellent incognito run" benefiting "the readers" has come to an end.
And now The Greatest October Feat That Nobody Noticed:
It isn't quite true that Jeremy Affeldt got more air time this October than Joe Buck. But if you were watching the Giants play baseball last month and Affeldt didn't show up on your screen at some point, well, you must have nodded off or something.
To say he pitched a lot is kind of like saying Taylor Swift sings a lot. Do the San Francisco Giants win the World Series without him doing what he did? I'd vote no.
Eleven consecutive scoreless appearances (heaped on top of 11 more before that over the Giants' previous two postseasons). Appearances that ranged from one out to seven outs. With 38 batters faced -- and only five hits allowed (all singles).
So that was cool. And invaluable. But now it turns out that those of us watching and chronicling him do it still missed his coolest feat of all.
Giants reliever Jeremy Affeldt didn't allow a single run in 11 postseason games (11 2/3 innings pitched) last month. Ron Vesely/Getty Images
It occurred to me this week -- thanks to a post-World Series conversation with my brother-in-law (and always-energized Giants fan), Bill Bernstein -- that Affeldt did something in this postseason that you never, ever, ever see:
He pitched in the second inning. And the third inning. And the fourth inning.
He also pitched in the fifth inning. And the sixth inning. And the seventh inning.
But why stop there? So he didn't. He pitched in the eighth inning, too. And the ninth inning. And the 10th inning.
So wait. In an age in which bullpen guys are routinely labeled as “seventh-inning guys” or “eighth-inning guys” or “long men” or “left-handed specialists,” and daring bullpen usage now consists of using the “seventh-inning guy” in the (gasp) sixth, Affeldt did what?
Right. He pitched in nine different innings -- every single inning from the second through the 10th. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is incredible.
It's a tribute both to Affeldt and his free-thinking manager, Bruce Bochy. But more importantly, it stands alone in the history of modern bullpen usage.
Just to be sure, I asked the Elias Sports Bureau to look at whether any other relief pitcher has ever done this in any postseason. Amazingly, Elias did find one.
It was a fellow named Charley Hall. For the Red Sox, in the 1912 World Series.
But it's also safe to say that Charley Hall's October went a little different than Jeremy Affeldt's October. Here's how our man Charley logged those innings:
In Game 2, he entered in the eighth, blew a 4-3 lead, gave up another run in the 10th and only got off the hook (twice) because the Red Sox scored unearned runs off Christy Mathewson in the eighth and 10th innings. Hall faced 14 hitters in that game. Six reached base.
Then, in Game 7 (in an eight-game Series), Charley was back for some classic, or not so classic long relief. Smoky Joe Wood gave up six runs in the first. Then Hall relieved him in the second and took one for the staff, allowing nine hits, five walks and five runs over the final eight innings.
So basically, just one outing accounted for most of those Hall innings. Affeldt, on the other hand entered games during seven different innings. Seven.
Four different times, he finished one inning and stuck around for the next. And in Game 7 of the World Series, he was the seven-out bridge from Tim Hudson to Madison Bumgarner. You didn't forget that Affeldt pitched in that game, did you? Heck, the MadBum Relief Show wouldn't have been possible without him.
It was that final outing that led the Giants to the parade floats. But it also gave Affeldt the chance to pull off The Greatest October Feat That Nobody Noticed.
Until now, that is. When somebody finally did notice. Anyone thinks we'll ever see that again? I know what I think: No way.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201602/3846/1155968404_4774794122001_160226-debate-best-Still002.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Donald Trump, who scored his first two congressional endorsements this week, hammered Cruz for lacking Senate support. 2016 11 most interesting moments of the GOP debate Rubio engages Trump, Trump praises Planned Parenthood and more.
Donald Trump took center-stage Thursday night in Houston as the irrefutable front-runner in the final Republican debate before Super Tuesday. Flanking the billionaire, Sens. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio sought to make clear that the quest for the Republican nomination is a three-man race, not a one-man show. Here are the most memorable moments of the night:
1. Rubio engages Trump
Fielding a question on immigration, Rubio in his response went after Trump for hiring illegal immigrants and paying $1 million after a suit was filed. Rubio pointed to some of the businessman's past stances on immigration, remarking that many of Trump's positions are new.
Story Continued Below
“Donald, you've hired a significant number of people from other countries to take jobs that Americans could have filled,” Rubio said, charging that Trump has hired more than a thousand immigrants to fill domestic jobs.
Trump said he hired immigrants for part-time jobs during hot seasons in Florida that most people didn't want to work.
“You're the only person on this stage that's ever been fined for hiring people to work on your projects illegally,” Rubio responded.
Trump charged that he's the only person on stage who's hired anyone at all.
After a tense exchange, Rubio concluded, “He hired workers from Poland and he had to pay a million dollars or so in a judgment. That's a fact.”
While Trump maintained Rubio was wrong, Cruz later jumped in to say Trump was found guilty as part of a conspiracy for hiring people illegally.
2. Cruz has no friends in the Senate
Trump, who scored his first two congressional endorsements this week, hammered Cruz for lacking Senate support.
“I got along with everybody,” he told the Texas senator. “You get along with nobody. You don't have one Republican — you don't have one Republican senator and you work with them every day in your life, although you skipped a lot of time — these are minor details. But you don't have one Republican senator backing you. Not one…You should be ashamed of yourself.”
Cruz's response? Trump does get along with everybody — especially Democrats. “You know, I actually think Donald is right. He is promising that if he's elected he will go and cut deals with Washington, and he's right,” Cruz said. “He has given hundreds of thousands of dollars to Democrats.”
3. Rubio takes Trump to school
Moments after Rubio and Trump's immigration squabble, Rubio invoked another lawsuit Trump has been involved in — this time with Trump University.
Trump touted his deal-making prowess as he talked about how the U.S. is losing jobs to Mexico and China. “You don't know anything about it because you're a lousy businessman,” Rubio said. “I don't know anything about bankrupting companies. I don't know anything about starting a fake university.”
People borrow $36,000 in loans to attend a “fake school,” Rubio said. “And you know what they got? They got to take a picture with a cutout of Donald Trump. That's what they got for $36,000.”
4. Selling watches
In another skirmish, after Trump mentioned Rubio's financial history, the Florida senator suggested the brash billionaire wouldn't even be on stage had it not been for the riches he inherited.
“Here's a guy who buys a house for $179,000 and sells to it a lobbyist who's probably here for $380,000 and then legislation is passed,” Trump said. “You tell me — this guy!”
“If he hadn't inherited $200 million, you know where Donald Trump would be right now? Selling watches in Manhattan,” Rubio shot back.
Trump, of course, dismissed Rubio's claim and played up his business skills, saying he flipped $1 million into $10 billion. “No, no no, that is so wrong,” Trump responded. “I took $1 million and I turned it into $10 billion.
5. Limit on lies
Trump supporters rarely challenge Trump on the veracity of his often controversial remarks. But Rubio isn't a Trump supporter and accused him of lying about the lawsuit in Poland.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was 38 years ago," Trump said.
"Oh, he lied 38 years ago," Rubio said sarcastically. "I guess there's a statute of limitation on lies."
6. Trump praises Planned Parenthood
Trump said he would defund the women's health organization because he's anti-abortion, but he also lavished praise.
"I'm totally against abortion having to do with Planned Parenthood, but millions and millions of women, cervical cancer, breast cancer, are helped by Planned Parenthood," Trump said. "So you can say whatever you want, but they have millions of women going through Planned Parenthood, that are helped greatly."
7. Robot Rubio responds
Rubio didn't just shed the idea that he's a robot. He handed the label to Trump.
Challenging each other on insurance proposals, Trump bragged that his would have “many different plans” before reiterating it would have “so many different plans” and adding it would have “many, many different plans.” He also repeatedly emphasized that the federal government should have gotten rid of “the lines around each state” to create more competition.
“Now he's repeating himself,” Rubio jeered.
“No, I'm not — no, no no. I don't repeat myself. I don't repeat myself,” Trump said, obviously repeating himself.
Rubio accused Trump of having just five lines. “Everyone's dumb, he's going to make America great again. Win, win, win. He's winning in the polls. And the lines around the states,” Rubio said, mocking the front-runner. “Every night. Same thing.”
8. Trump will release his tax returns…after his audits
Mitt Romney this week called on the top three presidential candidates to release their tax returns, hinting that Trump's could contain a “bombshell.”
In typical Trump fashion, the billionaire unleashed an insult before addressing the issue. He slammed Romney on the debate stage for looking “like a fool” when he released his tax returns during the 2012 cycle under pressure from Democrats, such as then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, before commenting in his own situation.
“I want to file it except for many years, I've been audited every year — twelve years or something like that,” Trump explained. “Every year they audit me, audit me, audit me.”
Trump will “absolutely” release his tax returns, “but I'm being audited now for two or three now so I can't.”
Rubio said he would release his Friday or Saturday. Cruz said he will have an additional two years' worth of taxes on Friday and said Trump's audit underscores the need for him to disclose his returns.
9. Trump could be in court come July
Trump has suggested if Cruz becomes the nominee he could be tied up in litigation over whether he's constitutionally eligible for the White House. But Cruz pulled a Trump on The Donald, telling the crowd Trump could be tied up in court come July over Trump University.
“It's a fraud case. His lawyers have scheduled a trial for July,” Cruz said. “If you want to think about if this man is the nominee, having the Republican nominee on the stand in court being cross-examined about whether he committed fraud — you don't think the mainstream media will go crazy on that?”
Trump said Cruz was only going after him because the businessman is “beating him awfully badly in the polls” and downplayed the suit as merely a civil case that he'll win easily.
But Trump also had some advice for the Texas senator. “I know you're embarrassed and I know you're embarrassed but keep fighting,” he said. “Swing for the fences.”
10. Middle East peace isn't a real-estate deal
Rubio slammed Trump for remarking that he would be an “honest broker” in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and stay neutral, calling that stance “anti-Israel.” Palestinians teach their children that it's glorious to kill Jewish people, Rubio said.
“The bottom line is a deal between Israel and the Palestinians, given the current makeup of the Palestinians, is not possible, and so the next president of the United States needs to be someone like me who will stand firmly on the side of Israel,” he added.
Trump disregarded Rubio's response because he's not a negotiator. “I watched him melt down and I'll tell you it was one of the saddest things I've ever seen. And these people may even be tougher than Chris Christie,” Trump said in a clear jab at Rubio, who quickly shot back that Middle East peace isn't a real-estate deal.
“No, no, no. A deal is a deal,” Trump declared, before conceding that that particular scenario would probably be “the toughest deal of any kind.”
11. Can somebody attack me, please?
Ben Carson had great view of the Trump-versus-Rubio-versus-Cruz show that dominated the debate.
“First of all this, this guy's a choke artist, and this guy's a liar,” Trump said, looking at Rubio and Cruz after each line of attack.
CNN moderator Wolf Blitzer failed to keep the stage under control as Trump, Rubio and Cruz all tried to speak over one another.
But the retired neurosurgeon really wanted to get involved. “Can somebody attack me, please?” Carson said, eliciting applause from the crowd.
Scientists now know that the increase in dissolved reactive phosphorus (DRP) runoff that's been plaguing the western Lake Erie basin is mostly coming from farms located in the Maumee watershed.
But the question they're still trying to answer is — why?
Christopher Spiese, a chemist at Ohio Northern University, says a combination of factors is causing the problem. But at the Conservation Tillage and Technology Conference held earlier this year in Ada, Ohio, he focused in on one specific practice that's changed over the last few decades — the use of glyphosate.
Coincidence or Causation?
Lake Erie's troubles with phosphorus (P) aren't new. In fact, the U.S. and Canada have been trying to clean up the amount of P in the lake for more than 40 years now, as the two governments created the Great Lakes Water Quality agreement in 1972 to focus on reducing the amount of P in the Great Lakes.
Since then, total P in Lake Erie has decreased significantly, Spiese says. DRP loads were also coming down, but started increasing in the mid 1990s.
At that same time, glyphosate use took off with the advent of herbicide-tolerant crops. As of 2014, Spiese says, more than 95% of soybeans and over half of corn in the U.S. are Roundup Ready, and those percentages probably haven't changed over the last 2 years.
“These crops that are able to grow in the presence of glyphosate have really kind of started to take over, to the point where we're washed…
The British-born fitness-obsessed prime minister-elect will live alongside police recruits in a tiny £70-a-night flat with a kitchenette but is reportedly happy because the compound has an excellent gym. Mr Abbott is due to be sworn in as prime minister this week after his landslide election victory last weekend and reportedly rejected an offer to stay in a £1800-a-night luxury rental.
Australia's official prime ministerial residence, The Lodge, a 1920s colonial-style 40-room mansion in Canberra, was intended to be a temporary lodging until a permanent "monumental" residence was constructed. It is in a state of serious disrepair and has given successive leaders problems.
Former prime minister Julia Gillard once recalled an embarrassing dinner with a visiting foreign leader in 2012 which was interrupted by possum urine dribbling from the roof towards a valuable painting.
"We had a celebrated incident where we had a visiting foreign leader," she told the Sunday Telegraph.
"There was much shooing of people out of the dining room because someone spotted wee making its way down the wall to one of the very precious paintings from the National Gallery."
The building is due to undergo extensive repairs for up to a year to fix the wiring, remove asbestos and repair the roof. Mr Abbott will host guests at his parliamentary offices until the repairs are complete.
The outgoing leader, Kevin Rudd, last week gave Mr Abbott a tour of The Lodge during an awkward handover that has become something of a post-election tradition.
Mr Abbott, a staunch Catholic, was asked if he planned to move in with his three daughters, who are in their 20s.
He replied: "The short answer is, yes, mate, because they don't want to leave until such time as they get married."
Flat-screen TVs, wedding rings, mini-quiches, gallon jugs of mayo — and, of course, free samples. America's fourth-largest retailer, which opened its first warehouse store 25 years ago this fall, is booming. Wall Street grumbles that Costco cares more about its customers and employees than its shareholders; it pays workers an average of $17 an hour and covers 90% of health-insurance costs for both full-timers and part-timers. Yet revenues have grown by 70% in the past five years, and its stock has doubled. In typically blunt language, cofounder and CEO Jim Sinegal makes his case for why “big box” and “progressive” aren't mutually exclusive.
advertisement
advertisement
You answer your own phone, you send your own faxes, you talk to customers and employees. What motivates you to stay involved in the details of the business? Because I love it. I've been doing it all my life, and it's my style. That doesn't mean it's the right style or the style that works for everybody, but it's my style. You recently announced that August same-store sales were up 9%, yet Wall Street analysts were unhappy because you hadn't met their expectations. You know, that has nothing to do with reality. Analysts put their own numbers on things, and we can't help them there. We think that 9% in the state of this economy is pretty good. Some of those analysts have argued that Costco's generosity to its workers hurts the company and its shareholders. You have to recognize — and I don't mean this in an acrimonious sense — that the people in that business are trying to make money between now and next Thursday. We're trying to build a company that's going to be here 50 and 60 years from now. We owe that to the communities where we do business. We owe that to our employees, that they can count on us for security. We have 140,000 employees and their families; that's a significant number of people who count on us. We owe it to our suppliers. Think about the people who produce products for us — you could probably multiply our family of employees by three or four times. And we owe it to our customers to continue to offer good prices. Our presence in a community makes pricing better throughout that community because when you have a tough competitor in the marketplace, prices come down.
advertisement
Could we talk about your competition for a minute? Would you be willing to play a little game for us? Costco is to Sam's Club as _____ is to _____. You're not going to get me to fall for that one. Listen, Sam's is a very formidable competitor. They're part of Wal-Mart. That's the biggest corporation ever in the world in terms of sales volume, and continuing to grow. They've made significant improvements to their Sam's operation. We watch them like a hawk. Hardly a week goes by that I'm not in a Sam's. Do you buy anything? I think I purchased one of their men's dress shirts one time, because I wanted to test it in comparison to ours. But I don't buy anything for consumption. And obviously yours was better. That's the reason I'm telling you the story [laughs]. No, I mean, we feel it's better. You know, you have to be careful not to delude yourself in what you're putting into a product. The final analysis is, the customers vote at the checkout.
advertisement
What's the first thing you look for when you go into a Costco? I try to approach the visits from the standpoint of a customer. Does the building have the right goods out? Is it well-stocked and clean and safe? Nothing is a bigger turnoff than poor housekeeping, most particularly in a place where you have food. Also, when you have a sloppy building, I can guarantee you're going to have high shrinkage [pilfering and shoplifting]. Sales on Costco's e-commerce site are expected to hit $1.6 billion this year, a 33% increase over 2007, and the average customer ticket is more than $400. What do you choose to put on the Web site as opposed to stocking in the regular warehouse? We've generally tried to select items that are a little more unusual. For example, we've been offering floral arrangements for weddings. It's a complete package: The flowers for the tables and the flowers for the church and the flowers for the bridesmaids and boutonnieres for the men and the corsages for the ladies. That seems unorthodox for a store like yours. Where do those kinds of ideas come from? Certainly from our buyers, but they also come from our suppliers. When somebody sees that you're willing to take a chance on coffins, odds are they'll come up with some other good ideas.
advertisement
Your coffin business is brisk? They do well. They're generally special order. I think we sell more of them online than we do in our warehouses. Are certain locations really great for coffins? You mean like Florida [laughs]? No, no — the unfortunate thing is people pass on everywhere. What's done well that has surprised you? Our Kirkland Signature wines. I thought, in that category of goods, people would be reluctant to take a house brand.
advertisement
Kirkland Signature has become one of the most successful house brands out there. There was so much pressure on prices going up, it created an umbrella for private labels to sneak in — and under — and to create significant savings. But we made up our minds that if we were going to make a private label, we weren't going to equivocate on the quality. Customers shop with us for value. They don't shop with us for cheap prices on cheap merchandise. They expect us to deliver value on quality. What's an area that didn't work? You don't have enough space in your magazine to talk about all the things that we've tried that didn't work out. Some time ago, we tried to get involved in the home-improvement business. We were going to have paint. There are places where you can get thousands of colors of paint. We were going to have four, and three of those were going to be white [laughs]. It's safe to say we underwhelmed the customer. Do suppliers still balk at your policy of not marking products up more than 15%? There will always be people who are going to be reluctant to sell to us. They use a lot of different excuses, but when you cut through all the defecation, the fact is, they don't want to see our prices on their merchandise. But most people have come around to say, “Hey, this is a pretty good company to do business with. They can sell a lot of our products.” We have high-end customers. If anyone wants to purchase a Movado watch or Michelin tires or Waterford crystal, it's our customer.
advertisement
How is the current economic climate impacting Costco? We are subject to elements of the turndown just like everyone else. You might argue, “Well, gee, the value concept really holds these guys in good stead because people are looking for better pricing and perhaps are willing to go out of their way to find it.” But Costco was developed to be cash-and-carry, catering primarily to businesspeople, and that business customer is probably seeing their business suffer a little bit, so their purchases are going to go down. There are definitely purchases that are being deferred: patio furniture, housewares, and domestic products — blankets and things like that. The upside is we're seeing more purchases of basic stuff like health and beauty aids and food. Apparel is doing reasonably well, but we're not in the business of selling $800 cocktail dresses. Our healthiest business from a standpoint of sales growth has been in Asia; we're in South Korea and Taiwan and Japan. At the moment, our weakest, I would say, is in parts of California, Arizona, and around Las Vegas. Those are the places where we think more people have been hurt relative to this mortgage issue. Are there economic issues you would like the next U.S. president to address? I would like to see somebody paying attention to the deficits. I think they're significantly higher than have been stated, and they're not even taking into account the war or what's going to happen further down the line with Medicare and Social Security. How are we going to cover those costs? There's got to be some tough decisions made. These problems are not going to go away.
advertisement
What's your stand on universal health coverage? We should have it. I think that in the wealthiest nation in the world, it's a shame and disgrace that we don't. We try to provide a very comprehensive health-care plan for our employees. Costs keep escalating, but we think that's an obligation on our part. What about high gas prices? Even employees who work at Costco — who make the type of wages that we pay — are being hit at the gas pump. We're working very hard to schedule people from the same part of town so they can drive together. We're encouraging van pools. We're even testing 10-hour days, something we've never done in the past. If we can schedule some employees for four 10-hour days, that's one day they don't have to drive to work. They've got a 20% savings in their gas right there. You've also installed skylights and solar panels in many of your buildings. There's no sense in me BS-ing you. The reason we did it originally was exactly as you're suggesting — to save money. We put the skylights in so that we didn't have to turn the lights on. But of course it's also environmentally correct. We also recycle all the boxes that the goods come in. And we're working on how we can simplify packaging and save on fuel. We just reconfigured our cashews. They were in a round canister, and we put them in a square canister. It sounds crazy, but we saved something like 560 truckloads a year of that one product. That's significant savings.
advertisement
Is it true that you visit up to 12 Costco stores a day? That's a legend I've tried to perpetuate, to keep everybody on their toes. You know, there certainly are days when I'll visit 12. I will be traveling to our warehouses every single week between now and Christmas. I love to hear the cash registers ring.
From Tom Rees of Epiphenom:
Here's something interesting from the papers last week. First we've got the philosopher Julian Baggini, an atheist, arguing in The Guardian for the virtues of a childless life. Then, in response, Ed West writes in The Telegraph arguing that atheism is facing a kind of demographic implosion, as the religious inexorably overwhelm them in in the fertility arms race.
Now, this isn't a new argument, but there's precious little research into it. About the only sociologist brave enough to attempt a quantitative prediction is Eric Kaufmann – I blogged about his latest analysis back in June.
But it does give me a handy hook to talk about a chapter in the recent book The Biological Evolution of Religious Mind and Behaviour by Michael Blume – who's done a number of studies into the function of religion from an evolutionary perspective.
First off, some basic stats to give you a feel for what we're talking about here. These are averages across all nations in the World Values Survey, showing the tight light between fertility and religious service attendance.
So is this simply because religions are associated with traditional values? Or maybe that the religious are lower socio-economic status.
It doesn't seem to be so. Blume zooms in to Switzerland, and the data from the census in 2002. Those Jewish and Christian sects that have a higher proportion of the wealthy and educated are actually more fertile than the others.
What's more, traditional sects seem to have lower fertility than the new ones, like Jehova's Witnesses and the New Apostolic Church.
It seems, then, that there is a direct effect of religion on fertility. The question is why that might be so.
From an evolutionary standpoint, it's clear that any trait that increases reproductive success will become more common in the gene pool. Assuming that the demographics we see in the modern translate into the modern world, those genes that favour religion would be more successful.
It's not at all clear to me that we can extrapolate back like that. After all, there's a lot more to reproductive success than churning out children. And modern people have retained a capacity for atheism, which suggests some competing reproductive benefit.
Still, it's worth considering why religion is linked to higher fertility. And it's here that Blume's arguments get really interesting. He suggests that a key factor is honest signalling.
This is the idea that people pay a visible price to get membership of a group, in order to prove that they are committed to the group. The classic example is initiation rites in gang membership.
How does that apply to religion? Well, religions impose a number of obligations on their member – service attendance, food and dress codes, for example. The idea is
There are a number of issues with honest signalling theory as it applies to religion – the jury is still out in the matter (personally, I'm sceptical). But Blume does provide one tantalising piece of evidence.
And that's gender ratios in religious membership. Specifically, the heavy preponderance of women in religious groups, followed next by married men.
The idea is that women have a lot to lose by hooking up with an unfaithful guy. But a male who has made a commitment to the group is sending a signal that he values the group ideals sufficiently to invest the time and effort in going to Church (or whatever). With a bit of luck, that means he's not going to run off with the next available female that crosses his path.
If you want to read that essay yourself, you can download it from Blume's webpage here. It's worth it for the fascinating anecdotes about Darwin and the splendid Faust reference!
'Giant cloud' of bees three storeys high takes over Sydney's Castlereagh Street
Updated
There was a real buzz about Sydney's CBD on Friday afternoon and it wasn't just the prospect of a looming weekend.
A cloud of bees three storeys high made themselves at home during the lunch rush on Castlereagh Street, as shocked people ducked for cover.
Witnesses said the swarm were buzzing around buildings before eventually settling on a parked motorcycle, where their queen had settled.
Ricky Lee works on Carstlereagh Street and said the insects were all over the road.
"It looked like a cloud of confetti," he said.
"It was three storeys high, I thought it was a ticker-tape parade.
"There were people running on the other side of the street just trying to get out of there as quickly as they can.
"It could be seen from about two blocks away."
Beekeeper to the rescue
Vicky Brown, who runs courses in beekeeping, eventually came to the rescue after one of her students alerted her to the chaos.
"I found the queen, you find her and put her in a cage and the rest of the bees follow her inside," Ms Brown said.
"They still thought she was on the motorbike for a while, it took me about an hour to put them all in a box.
"Swarms are actually quite passive, when they're in a swarm they're homeless and they feel really vulnerable and they're less likely to sting.
"Because I was crouched down low I could see her [the queen] and grabbed her and all the rest followed."
Adriana Najdanovic works nearby.
"As I walked out of the building there was this giant cloud of bees, but no one knew what it was until we of closer," she said.
"It was like across the building.
"It went up towards Park Street but the swam went up a couple of floors."
Topics: animals, human-interest, animal-science, invertebrates---insects-and-arachnids, sydney-2000
First posted
Update — The Audubon Society of Western Pennsylvania on Monday confirmed that the Hays bald eagles have an egg. Rachel Handel of Audubon said observers...
Update —
The Audubon Society of Western Pennsylvania on Monday confirmed that the Hays bald eagles have an egg.
Rachel Handel of Audubon said observers cannot see inside the eagles' new nest but are convinced the pair are sitting on an egg because of their behavior, including that the birds have not left the nest unattended for more than 24 hours and the birds appear to be turning an egg while in the nest.
Bald eagle watchers in Pittsburgh's Hays neighborhood suspect the formerly homeless raptors have a new egg in a new nest.
After a windstorm toppled their nest tree only a week ago, with the birds losing their first egg of the season, the pair started to build a new nest near their old one Wednesday on a hill overlooking the Monongahela River.
Starting early Sunday morning, observers watched the birds taking turns laying in the nest continuously throughout the day.
“It's a good sign that there's an egg but it may be a little early to call it definitively,” said Jim Bonner, executive director of the Audubon Society of Pennsylvania.
“This pair is a tremendously resilient and determined pair,” he said. “This is their third nest, obviously they like the area.”
If the birds are still at the nest continuously, laying down as they would if they were incubating an egg on Monday, then there is probably an egg, Bonner said.
“It's certainly physically possible she laid an egg and she has the physical ability to lay another fertile egg,” Bonner said.
It takes 35 days of incubation before a hatch.
Monitoring the eagles' behavior from the ground is the only way to verify nesting, a method researchers relied on when monitoring the nesting of bald eagles when they were endangered.
“That's how we knew the Harmar birds had eggs in their nest before we set up a webcam on their nest last year,” Bonner said.
Those eagles, who are in their fourth year of nesting, are expected to lay their first egg in the next week or two.
Sunday's warm weather turned out a gaggle of eagle watchers in Hays who were not disappointed with the spectacular views of the birds taking turns leaving the nest against a clear blue sky.
“They are truly magnificent to see fly,” said Nancy Miller, 61, of Altoona, a native of Monroeville who visited the Hays site Sunday.
“I had to come and see their new nest,” she said. “I drove 100 miles and it was worth it.”
Throughout the day, at least 30 people were lined up with binoculars, spotting scopes and cameras along the Three Rivers Heritage Trail, watching the birds.
They included Bill Powers, CEO of PixController, the Murrysville company that set up webcams at the eagle nests in Hays and Harmar.
Unfortunately, since the eagles are in a new nest, they cannot be seen from the existing webcam there and the camera cannot be moved, according to Powers. Federal regulations prohibit disturbance around nesting bald eagles.
However, Powers hopes to set up a new webcam in Hays next season before nesting begins.
The Hays birds, in the fifth nesting season, are the first pair of bald eagles to nest within the city limits in more than 150 years.
Mary Ann Thomas is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach her at 724-226-4691 or mthomas@tribweb.com.
I recently ran across this old New York Times editorial, A Turkish Success Story, from January 28, 2004. It's rather striking as it heaps praise over Erdoğan even as he's only been in power for less than a year:
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, an Islamic politician who favors democratic pluralism, it has enacted far-reaching reforms that are intended to meet the exacting admissions criteria of the European Union. Mr. Erdoğan, who visits the White House today, is a strongly pro-Western leader
Now fast forward almost exactly 10 years later to another NYT editorial, Turkey's Wrong Turn, from Jan 27, 2014:
[Erdoğan's] ruthless ways and his attempt to crush dissent are not new…. [his] actions trample on democratic reforms… and [is] increasingly at odds with… NATO.
and then another couple of months to October 31st 2014, to this:
“These days Mr. Erdoğan stands for something quite different, having essentially pulled a Putin..”
In 10 years, NYT's perception of Erdoğan has gone from pro-Western democratic pluralist to being Putin. Not many leaders of state have been able to accomplish that.
You'd imagine that such a huge shift in perceptions of one man would take years to develop. Well, not at the NYT. What is also unusual is that the NYT's editorial team coverage of Turkey seems to have remained mostly positive until very recently – a recent article in Hürriyet Daily News showed, using a textual analysis that the NYT editorials that “[d]espite the speed of his decline in popularity, the New York Times largely continued to refrain from negative coverage about Mr. Erdoğan” except for parts of 2013 and most of 2014.
NYT isn't alone in its very recent perception pirouette – most mainstream outlets today tend to stumble over each other noting Turkey's authoritarian turn, crackdown on media freedoms, and it's leader's taste for being on the front page of every single newspaper (ever). In some cases the changes – not just in text but also in everything else – have been less than subtle. See below comparing one article published in Foreign Policy Magazine in mid-2011 with another published end of 2013:
On the left-hand side, an image of serious reflection. On the right-hand side: rabies.
All of this must have been quite a change for editors and journalists who up until fairly recently were harmonically repeating glorious talking points combining into the beautiful song that was the Turkish model. Some of these talking points were repeated to the extent that it became almost comical. For example, take this list of op-eds referring to Turkey as a “vibrant democracy” composed by Okan Altiparmak:
Turkey…
What's noteworthy is that most of these articles are voicing concerns over Turkey moving away from the West, while at the same time describing Turkey's democracy as vibrant. I'll return to this later.
It's unclear who first created this talking point for Turkey, although President Obama did refer to Turkey as a “strong, vibrant, secular democracy” in his speech in his 2009 speech in the Turkish Grand National Assembly. The fact that this description was preceded by “[Atatürk's] the greatest legacy is [a]…” is not without irony. The former obviously caught on – the latter not so much.
There are of course other talking points, such as the recounting the AKP bringing the military “to heel” without then also noting the amount of dirty tricks that brought this about. There's also the one that is less a talking point than a declaration of stupidity economic illiteracy: the tripling of Turkey's GDP (see here for Turkey's Finance Minister, here for The Economist, and here for The Economist… again).
An interesting exercise is to try to see when the media tide on Turkey turns negative. A couple of things suggests this may have occurred sometime as late as mid-2012 to end of 2013. For example, one commentator produced the following statement in mid-2012:
“AKP has done everything that it can… to forge… a more democratic, open country”
and, around one-and-a-half years, in January 2014, later wrote this:
[Erdoğan is] “using the institutions of the state for retribution and political intimidation…” and “… has sought to leverage Turkey's very need for a new constitution to his own political ends”
There's also been a rash of reports and op-eds from Gülen-affiliated sources stating that things were moving forward up until 2011, and things went bad after that. See for example, this statement in a recent report by Rethink Institute in DC (bold text below added by me):
Before 2007, there were certain areas, such as secularism and ethnicity that were off limits. Media outlets and journalists delving into these issues faced pressure from the government or the military, but it was possible to take a critical stance against the government on other issues. When the military's influence in politics diminished with the coup/conspiracy trials of Ergenekon and Balyoz, taboo issues ceased to exist…. However, since 2010, Turkey has experienced gradually increasing blanket repression of dissent.
Also, see this piece from last week, in the Washington Post's Monkey Cage blog (of all places), where it's so important for the author to note the timing that he has to do it twice:
“Turkey has descended down this authoritarian spiral over the past two years…”
“It is true that [Erdoğan] further liberalized the Turkish political system in 2002-2011, but since then he has turned increasingly authoritarian and corrupt”
For Gülenists, timing is important, and it is no coincidence that they would like you to think things were going fine and then went bad around 2011/2012. It is after 2010 that its conflict with Erdoğan begins to come up to the surface, with the summoning-to-court of Turkish intelligence chief Hakan Fidan over peace talks with the PKK, the early purge of Gülenists around 2011, and the escalation of these purges in 2013 within the bureaucracy and security apparatus. Acknowledging the abuse of state power in the earlier period would mean accepting part of the blame, as they themselves had a hand in the wrongs committed, especially in the tainted trials of Balyoz, Ergenekon, KCK, as well as the establishment of a “climate of fear” among many journalists, academics, and others.
But it would probably be an overestimation, and oversimplification to allocate the turn of the media tide to Gülenists alone. There may be several other reasons why the international media's love story with Erdoğan's Turkey ended, having to do with the AKP and Erdoğan's increasing antagonism toward Israel, rapprochement with Iran and China, as well as the support for anti-Western rebels in Syria and Iraq (some of which I've touched on here).
Equally important, however, is the point that Turkey's political and democratic problems were already there to see for those who looked long before 2012. A crackdown on media freedom, the slide in judicial independence, arbitrary arrests of dissidents, all these phenomena were well under way even as the FT, the NYT, the Economist and others were calling Turkey a “vibrant democracy” (see here for a piece Dani Rodrik and I wrote in Foreign Affairs for more on this). Never mind that a change to Turkey's anti-terror laws in 2006 paved the way for its coming political inquisitions, or that numerous amendments to procurement laws gave the AKP government the power to start using public procurement for political purposes, a central building block of the corruption it is accused of today.
This doesn't mean that there weren't alternative views, articles, and opinions stating the opposite at the time, but they never seem to have been given the space they perhaps deserved. This is likely a consequence of the demand for stories, not the supply (with a few exceptions). During the last couple of years, I've come to know several of the usual suspects in journalists reporting on Turkey. Many of them know three or four times as much as I do, have had a great sense of what's been going on, and it's become more and more my opinion that the problem lies with the demand side of the stories: the editor's room. And through the editors come the choice of op-ed writers, which I've lamented on before (see here).
Today a different message is sent out, one of an authoritarian turn, portrayed as brought about almost exclusively by Erdoğan himself, after a previously promising period of democratic progress. Yet this authoritarian turn argument seems to have arisen mostly as an afterthought, a useful argument to bash a Turkish government increasingly unwilling (or unwelcome) to move closer to the West (with all that implies). This can be seen in the above mentioned articles, where expressed concerns over Turkey's Western affinity doesn't prevent the authors from repeating previous talking points, thus undervaluing concerns over the country's democratic deficit. This new talking point precludes much afterthought of whether previous evaluations of Turkey as a vibrant democracy as it focuses on portraying recent authoritarian tendencies as a recent phenomenon. And so one bad talking point complements another.
There are shelf-lengths of books to be written about what a lies behind the failed opportunity for Turkey to realize its democratic potential over the last decade. But there's also plenty of room for analysis of what went wrong in how the international media has written and editorialized on this. Erdoğan may or may not have gone from a “pro-Western democratic pluralist” to “being Putin” in ten years, but little today doubt the seriousness of the erosion of checks and balances and the strain on Turkey's democratic fabric. The question is to what extent some mainstream media outlets served to cloud this adverse development behind a mountain of talking points – and deliberately or not – acted not to inform but more to affirm an already held view. A view that is now swinging to the opposite, to be replaced by another set of talking points. And so a flawed narrative continues.
(This is an expansion of a short speech I gave at ABF Stockholm's recent seminar on Turkey on November 19th.)
Modders have done the ultimate Doom challenge: getting Doom running... inside of Doom!
"Yes, but can you run Doom on it?" is the eternal question of the modding community, who have endeavored to port iD Software's classic shooter to pretty much every device imaginable, from Raspberry PIs, to ATMs to mother-flipping printers. But now, one ambitious modder has topped them all, by porting Doom into an in-game Doom arcade machine. That's right, he has gotten Doom to run... inside of Doom.
Technically, the feat is accomplished with GZDoom, which is in of itself a heavily modified Doom source port that was first released in 2005. The mod in question is called "Classic Arcade", and brings with it semi-complete versions of both Doom and Doom-predecessor Wolfenstein 3D into the game. While the video shows that the only weapon available is the pistol, you still have to admire the insane amount of pointless effort involved in pulling something like this off.
At this stage, the only way anyone can top "The Zombie Killer" Doom-in-Doom mod is to actually somehow make another version of Doom playable from inside "Classic Arcade's" Doom arcade machine.
We need to go deeper!
Source: Ars Technica
This article first appeared in the Ecologist October 2008
The Discover Music songwriting program consists of 12 modular sessions. Each session covers an important aspect of the songwriting process, and can be delivered over varied lengths of time to suit the needs of the partner organization and their students. Each session of the program has a core lesson plan and several extensions. The more time spent with students, the deeper into the material they are able to go.
Session 1: Basic Music Theory - notes, rhythms, counting, scales, musical terminology
Session 2: Song Structure - function of sections, popular formulas, building energy, identification Session 3: Chordal harmony - Roman numeral analysis, chord progressions, 4 part writing
Session 4: Storytelling - Structure, methods, making meaning, perspective, audience, sequence
Session 5: Writing with Purpose - harnessing inspiration, writing for self and others
Session 6: Poetic Devices - rhythm, rhyme, meter, descriptive writing, purposeful rule breaking
Session 7: Critique - sharing, lyrical effectiveness, giving and receiving criticism, audience perception.
Session 8: Production - putting it all together, adding instruments, musical feeling
Session 9: Recording - How to sing, how to record with available tech, basic audio engineering
Session 10: Music Business - interview professionals, articulate purpose and artistic intent
Session 11: Final Project - overcoming fear, performing in front of others, career exploration
Session 12: Writing for Wellness - writing as daily practice, exercises, affirmation, expression
Discover Music instructors are working music professionals, bringing their experience, personality, knowledge and compassion into their work with students. Before working with students, instructors are given a background check, observed in the classroom by a board member, and given training techniques to work with adolescents and deliver the Discover Music content faithfully.
They are clear on their role, which is less about dispensing information and more about guiding growth. They are not teachers. They are facilitators who guide the creative process of the students we serve. They are not therapists. Discover Music instructors are mandatory reporters and alert the appropriate school staff if a student is in need of help. They engage students as friends and mentors who are ready to listen to students and help them through a process of self discovery and expression.
A blind bus passenger was left humiliated and in tears after a bus driver refused to give her a discount because he thought she was faking it.
Megan Johnston, 28, of Newtown, Wellington, has extreme tunnel vision. She cannot drive and relies on public transport.
She has a NZ Bus blind person's pass, which entitles her to travel on child or concessionary fares.
When she boarded the No 10 leaving Newtown Park on Tuesday afternoon, with her cane folded under her arm, she never expected to be challenged about her disability.
She had just folded up her cane, which was under her arm, she gave the driver $2 and presented him with her pass.
"He didn't take my money and just stared at me and then said, 'Yeah, you're not blind, are you?' which took me aback," she said.
He then looked around the bus, and Johnston felt he was asking other passengers to agree with him.
"I was already extremely offended that he would not take my money. At this stage, I just burst into tears and jumped off the bus."
She urged people not to stereotype blind people by their appearance. "Just because I wear makeup and care about what I look like doesn't mean I don't struggle with my disability. I should not be judged for this."
She described the driver as tall, white, and with light-coloured hair.
She complained to Metlink, which runs Wellington's transport network, but felt its response added insult to injury. "The person taking the message said they would call me back in the next few weeks."
Blind Foundation spokeswoman Deborah Ward said the treatment of Johnston by the Go Wellington bus driver was "appalling". Such incidents happened occasionally, which was why it worked with transport companies on training drivers.
"Anyone who needs or wishes to use public transport should be able to."
Go Wellington is part of NZ Bus, the company that issues the concessionary passes to people enrolled with the Blind Foundation.
Tonia Haskell, its southern chief operations officer, said the company had been in touch with Johnston to apologise.
"This behaviour is unacceptable. We have identified the driver and will investigate the incident fully, and take the appropriate steps."
NZ Bus had training programmes in place that taught its drivers how to work with people with disabilities, and sending the driver in question for retraining was an option, she said. "Our buses are part of a vital public service for transporting passengers with impairments and disabilities, and we take that responsibility seriously.
"This incident will serve as a reminder to all our team about the importance of looking after our community."
Kevin O'Sullivan, secretary of the Wellington branch of the Tramways Union, which represents bus drivers, was unaware of the incident and could not comment on it. However, anyone who was blind should be allowed on to a bus, he said.
LEGALLY BLIND
People with normal sight have a field of vision of 180 degrees.
A person is considered legally blind when their field of vision is less than 20 degrees.
Megan Johnston's is less than 10 degrees.
People enrolled with the Foundation of the Blind are issued with a NZ Bus blind person's pass, entitling them to travel on child or concession fares.
Instead of sending shredded documents to a recycling centre, incurring expense and energy, office managers will soon be able to feed them into a machine and turn them into lavatory paper.
Pop in 40 sheets of regular A4 paper, and a half-hour later, the paper has been shredded, mixed with water, turned into a pulp, flattened, dried and converted into a roll of lavatory paper.
The manufacturers of the White Goat machine estimates it costs about 10c (6p) to turn the waste paper into loo paper – equating to about six times cheaper than a roll of Andrex White Toilet Tissue, which usually retails for about 38p.
The quality of the paper, as demonstrated in the video, suggests a fairer comparison could be Tesco Value paper, which costs just 11p a roll.
However, it is estimated that on top of any running costs the machine, made by Japanese company Oriental, will cost $100,000 (£63,000), making the economics of it suitable for large companies only.
And measuring 6ft-tall and weighing a hefty 94st, it is far too large for a family home.
The machine was unveiled about six weeks ago at the Eco Products trade fair in Tokyo, but the video demonstrating the technology has become an internet hit when it was posted on the Diginfo.tv Japanese website last week.
James Holland, editor of the gadget website Electricpig, said: "I can think of several people who'd like to flush their workload down the loo, but this takes it to another level.
"I love the idea, and eco warriors will go barmy for it too. I guess you'll need to be wary of any stray staples though."
Oriental insists that any stray matter is removed from documents by the White Goat machine.
Ok I lied, THIS will be the last pony animation I upload for awhile.I got the go ahead from to post this right now since it's not a spoiler. I animated this dance for a special little part in Double Rainboom that I think you'll all enjoy once the film comes out on March 30th. c:It's been a joy learning puppet animation and animation in general from scratch and I have to thank all my wonderful crew members and Zach for being fantastic teachers even if I'm mostly a background artist. I still have tons to learn and I want to eventually learn more about doing traditional animation when I have time again. I never even thought about touching animation until this project and that alone is worth it. Also someone needs to make better transparent gif conversion software. ): [link] Animation c) Double Rainboom c) MLP: FIM c)
LONDON (Reuters) - Scientists have pinpointed a key brain chemical involved in dealing with the sudden loss or long-term separation of a partner, they said Wednesday.
A man holds a paper Chrysanthemum flower while he mourns during the three minutes of silence being observed on a square in Kunming, Yunnan province May 19, 2008 for victims of the Sichuan earthquake. REUTERS/China Daily
The finding in a type of rodent called a prairie vole could lead to potential treatments for people suffering severe depression-like symptoms after losing a partner, Oliver Bosch of the University of Regensburg in Germany and his colleagues said.
“Here we have a change in the activity in a part of the brain linked to behaviors such as anxiety and depression,” Bosch said in a telephone interview. “This could mimic what you find in humans after an unplanned separation or loss.”
The team, which also included researchers from Emory University in Atlanta, studied prairie voles because, unlike 95 percent of all mammals, the furry creatures form long-lasting bonds with their mates.
Other studies have linked losing a partner to increased risk of depression and disease but Bosch and colleagues wanted to find a biological explanation for why this might be so.
In their study, they separated groups of voles from either their mates or siblings and left the remaining ones together to gauge the response of the animals.
The separated voles all showed higher anxiety levels but only ones that had lost a mate exhibited signs of depression, the researchers reported in the journal Neuropsychopharmacology.
Further tests demonstrated that a brain chemical known as “corticotropin releasing factor,” a neurotransmitter involved in the stress response, was elevated in all the voles which had bonded with a partner.
Voles given a compound which blocks the chemical from signaling in the brain showed no evidence of these symptoms, suggesting that drugs could do the same in people struggling to overcome the loss of somebody close, Bosch added.
“It might be possible to potentially ease this bereavement and in the future use these blockers to treat patients that are really suffering from losing a partner,” he said.
By Stephen T. Sinatra, M.D., F.A.C.C., F.A.C.N., C.N.S., C.B.T.
When I hear people defend the safety of genetically modified foods (or GMO foods), I can't help but feel my blood pressure rise.
Like everything, GMO foods have their pros and cons. Being able to reliably grow more food throughout the world is certainly a benefit. But as a doctor, I'm vigilant about the unintended consequences of tinkering with Mother Nature.
That's why I was happy to read an editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine called “GMOs, Herbicides and Public Health.” Its authors, Philip J. Landrigan, MD, of the Department of Preventative Medicine at Icahn School of Medicine (NY), and Charles Benbrook, PhD, of the Department of Crops and Soil Services at Washington State University, get it. They point out an indisputable danger of GMO crops that not enough people are talking about—the use of more and increasingly potent pesticides.*
Landrigan and Benbook acknowledge that reviews by the National Academy of Sciences, in 2000 and 2004, showed GM foods pose no unique hazards to human health. However, they go on to point out that those reviews focused almost entirely on the genetic aspects of biotechnology—and then rightfully observe that “the argument that there is nothing new about genetic rearrangement misses the point that GM crops are now the agricultural products most heavily treated with herbicides and that two of these herbicides may pose risk of cancer.”
GMO Crop Pesticides Linked to Cancer
If you've followed me for any length of time, you know that I believe pesticides are the top environmental threat to health. Multiple cancers, as well as Parkinson's disease, asthma, and birth defects, have been associated with exposure to these chemicals.
In fact, two of the pesticides often used on GMO foods have been identified as dangerous by the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC):
Glyphosphate, the herbicide most commonly applied, has been classified as a “probable human carcinogen”
2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D)—a component of the Vietnam-era defoliant Agent Orange—has been labeled a “possible human carcinogen”
Considering how ubiquitous GMO foods are, this alone should be alarming. But the story Landrigan and Benbook tell gets darker.
Frankenfoods Beget Frankenchemicals
Many GMO crops were created to be more tolerant of pesticides (specifically, glyphosate or Roundup); that is, they can withstand the use of more pesticides, more frequently. As a result, the use of glyphosate in the United States increased from 0.4 million kg in 1974 to 113 million kg in 2014.
Not only does this mean much of our food supply is being sprayed with a chemical the IARC says probably causes cancer, but such heavy use has caused one of those unintended consequences I mentioned earlier. Landrigan and Benbrook report that we've become overly dependent on glyphosate, and the pesticide is becoming less effective. Glyphosate-resistant weeds now exist on nearly 100 million acres in 36 states.
You see, Mother Nature is nothing if not adaptable. The more we use the chemicals available to us, the more resistant to them weeds and insects become.
We haven't gotten any smarter, though; our response has simply been to add more pesticides. As Landrigan and Benbrook note, crops that were once treated with only glyphosate are now treated with both glyphosate and 2,4-D! In an almost unbelievable move, the Environmental Protection Agency has approved a combination pesticide combining glyphosate and 2,4-D, called Enlist Duo. Talk about doubling down on cancer risk.
Folks, this is a health crisis waiting to explode. I don't know about you, but I don't want Agent Orange on my dinner table.
How to Avoid Pesticide Dangers
What can you do to minimize the health dangers posed by this pesticide storm?
The most obvious option is to avoid GMO foods altogether. But between the fact that more than 90 percent of corn, soybeans, and cotton are now genetically engineered, and the fact that food manufacturers in the United States are not required to label products that contain genetically modified ingredients, a zero-tolerance approach may not be realistic.
A more practical recommendation is to take the approach I call “mindful avoidance”—doing what you can, when you can, to avoid GMO foods and the toxins that come with them.
To start, go organic as much as you can, especially with produce. Organically grown foods are not exposed to the pesticides that conventionally farmed crops are, making them healthier overall. If you can't buy organic, make sure you're familiar with the Environmental Working Group's Dirty Dozen List. It includes the 12 produce items found to have the highest levels of pesticide contamination. You can also remove a lot of pesticide residue by rinsing your fruits and veggies for about a minute. Alternately, soak them in a water solution that is 2% salt or 10% white vinegar; just be sure to rub them – it's the friction that cleans them.
I also recommend that you eat whole, unprocessed foods. Or in other words, stay away from foods in cans, bottles, jars, and boxes. You'll be less likely to inadvertently consume unlabeled GMO ingredients (not to mention all sorts of chemicals, bad fats and refined sugars that can lower your vibration and harm your health).
Other Ways to Detox Your Body
Being mindful about what you put into your body is, I believe, the best way to avoid the harmful effects of pesticides. But because none of us can avoid these toxins all the time, it's also important to support the body's natural ways of detoxifying itself.
Here are my four top suggestions—
Work up a sweat.
When we sweat, the toxins—including pesticide residues—stored in subcutaneous fat are released through the pores in our skin. This is another great reason to exercise regularly. It's good for the heart, and it helps your body rid itself of the poisons it's absorbed.
If you find exercise difficult or painful, another way to work up a sweat is in a sauna. I especially like far infrared saunas. Far infrared rays penetrate more deeply than near infrared rays, resulting in better cleansing and healing. Start off with a low temperature and duration of exposure, and work your way up to increase sweating. Remember to drink plenty of water with electrolytes before and after the sauna to mobilize toxins and prevent dehydration.
Eat more fiber.
Fiber helps keep you regular, and regularity is vital for detoxification. The longer it takes for waste to travel through the bowel, the more likely it becomes that toxins will be reabsorbed into the body. Aim for a minimum of 30 grams of fiber daily, from fruits, steamed vegetables, and legumes, to keep your colon moving. Ideally, I recommend upping your intake to 40–50 grams. I like to get 10 of those extra grams from flax muffins I buy at my Whole Foods store that are non-GMO and gluten free. They make a great breakfast, midday snack, or even dessert. (Even better yet, flax is loaded with healthy omega-3 fatty acids.)
Up your intake of cruciferous vegetables.
In addition to providing fiber to keep you regular, broccoli, cauliflower, kale, cabbage, and other cruciferous vegetables deliver the raw materials your body needs to make glutathione. Glutathione works in the liver, where it functions like a magnet for toxins. The toxins stick to the glutathione molecules, which are then pushed into the bile and the colon for excretion.
The greater your exposure to toxins, the greater your need for glutathione—so make cruciferous vegetables part of your daily meal planning.
Consider supplements.
There is no supplement you can call a “detox pill,” but I do recommend three that can support the natural detox systems your body already has in place. The first is a daily probiotic, to support colon health. The other two are N-acetyl-cysteine and alpha lipoic acid, both amino acids that also are required for the production of glutathione.
Remember, even though there may be no escape from the toxins in our environment—or the madness of GMO foods—we can do our best to avoid them. Put “mindful avoidance” to work for you, and whenever possible, just say no to GMOs.
*Editor's note: In this article, as well as other articles at HeartMD, we use the word, “pesticide,” as general term to describe all non-organic chemical applications to crops to prevent pests, weeds and insects; we intend it to encompass more specific substances like herbicides (like glyphosphate) and insecticides. Thanks, to our readers for continuing to let us know when clarification is needed!
References:
Center for Food Safety. “About Genetically Engineered Foods.” http://www.centerforfoodsafety.org/issues/311/ge-foods/about-ge-foods Accessed April 27, 2016.
Environmental Working Group. (2016). “Dirty Dozen.” EWG's 2016 Shopper's Guide to Pesticides in Produce. https://www.ewg.org/foodnews/dirty_dozen_list.php. Accessed April 27, 2016.
International Agency for Research on Cancer. (2015). “IARC Monographs Volume 112: Evaluation of Five Organophosphate Insecticides and Herbicides.” http://www.iarc.fr/en/media-centre/iarcnews/pdf/MonographVolume112.pdf. Accessed April 27, 2016.
Loomis D, Guyton K, Grosse Y, et al. (2015). “Carcinogenicity of Lindane, DDT, and 2,4-diclorophenoxyacetic acid.” Lancet Oncol (e-pub ahead of print).
National Research Council, Committee on Identifying and Assessing Unintended Effects of Genetically Engineered Foods: Approaches to Assessing Unintended Health Effects. (2004). National Academies Press.
Landrigan and C. Benbrook (2015). “GMOs, Herbicides, and Public Health.” New England Journal of Medicine. 373;8:693–695.
© 2016, 2017 HeartMD Institute. All rights reserved.
CALGARY – Business owners are shaken after a man was found dead following another shooting in Calgary that happened around 5 p.m. Saturday.
Police say a man entered a barber shop located in the 5100 Block of 20 Avenue S.E. He engaged a customer in a quick conversation before pulling a gun and shooting him.
CPS members conducted CPR but the man was pronounced dead at the scene. His body was pulled from Johny Scissorhands Barber Shop located in a strip mall.
After the shooting, it's believed the suspect got into a silver SUV across the street and fled the scene.
Police say they believe it was a targeted attack linked to an ongoing dispute between gangs connected to the drug trade. The victim was known to police.
“We have collected CCTV in the area that is being reviewed and it's early in the investigation and we haven't completely finished reviewing all of it,” said Sgt. Sheldon Scott with Calgary Police.
According to one of the neighbouring business owners, the shops were busy.
“Normally, if this is gang-related, usually it happens at night but the parking lot was full,” said Hughie Dang.
“You could hardly get a parking space here and ‘bang!' It was still daylight. It's so scary.”
Another business owner said he had a customer with him when they heard the shooting.
“I opened the door and I saw someone running and then a female…she was screaming,” said Ali Zgheib.
Police have interviewed witnesses and kept the area blocked off overnight. There is no word on any suspects.
After the shooting, police said they engaged in suppression activities in an attempt to reduce further retaliatory offences.
An autopsy on the victim is scheduled for Monday, Nov. 16, 2015. His identity will not be released until then.
“I just heard the shooting and then I called 911 and I opened the door and I saw someone running towards 20th Avenue and then a female, she was screaming,” said Ali Zgheib, who runs the pharmacy next door to the barber shop.
Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact police by calling the non-emergency line at 403-266-1234 or the Homicide Unit Tip Line at 403-428-8877.
Brutalist architecture flourished from 1951 to 1975, having descended from the modernist architectural movement of the early 20th century.[1] Considered both an ethic and aesthetic, utilitarian designs are dictated by function over form with raw construction materials and mundane functions left exposed. Reinforced concrete is the most commonly recognized building material of Brutalist architecture but other materials such as brick, glass, steel, and rough-hewn stone may also be used. In its ruggedness and lack of concern to look comfortable or easy, Brutalism can be seen as a reaction by a younger generation to the lightness, optimism, and frivolity of some 1930s and 1940s architecture. In one critical appraisal by Reyner Banham, Brutalism was posited not just as a style, but as the expression of an atmosphere among architects of moral seriousness. "Brutalism" as a term was not always consistently used by critics; architects usually avoided using it altogether. Contents
History Edit
Characteristics Edit
Designers Edit
On university campuses Edit
Criticism and reception Edit
Brutalism today Edit
See also Edit
Notes Edit
References Edit
Golan, Romy: Historian of the Immediate Future: Reyner Banham – Book Review. The Art Bulletin , June 2003. (Retrieved 29 December 2014.)
, June 2003. (Retrieved 29 December 2014.) Monzo, Luigi: Plädoyer für herbe Schönheiten. Gastbeitrag im Rahmen der Austellung "SOS Brutalismus – Rettet die Betonmonster". Pforzheimer Zeitung, 27. February 2018, p. 6. (in German)
2 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Video:
Charlie Crist, the former Republican Governor of Florida who is now running for the same position this year as a Democrat, was on CNN's State of the Union on Sunday. In his conversation with Candy Crowley, he hit on a number of subjects, such as the state of the Republican Party, CPAC, Chris Christie's 2016 chances and his own gubernatorial campaign. However, the subject he was most passionate about was how Democrats are not running strongly this year on the Affordable Care Act.
Basically, Crist used his time on the program to promote the ACA and point out that Democrats should not be fearful of using the health care law as a positive campaign issue. He stated that in the end the law will be very popular with the American people and those who supported it from the beginning will reap the rewards in subsequent elections. He also pointed out that Democrats should not be afraid of showing their support for President Obama.
Crist is absolutely right. He pointed out that there are Dems out there that are overthinking the upcoming midterms. They are concerned about poll numbers and approval ratings but doing nothing to bolster the public perception of either the President's policies or the ACA. Many are running scared because they see negative ads being run against them, paid for by conservative billionaires.
The former Governor said that Democrats “ought to strengthen up.” Allowing conservatives to consistently set the narrative regarding the health care law, or other issues, forces Democrats to always be on the defensive. It means they are always reacting. This also allows the mainstream media to play along with the set narrative. Currently, networks like CNN are still talking about the ‘botched' rollout of the ACA, or the anecdotal Obamacare horror stories that always end up false, rather than the constantly growing enrollment numbers or the shrinking insurance premiums millions are seeing.
Charlie Crist knows what he is talking about. He sees the GOP for what it is, a quickly shrinking political party that only knows how to run on fear and anger. That is why he left that party. He had this to say about the Republican Party on Sunday:
“This is a party now that is perceived as being anti-women, anti-minority, anti-immigrant, anti-gay, anti-education, anti-environment. I mean pretty soon, there's nobody left.”
Democrats should listen to Crist on this. He's stating that the Republicans' sphere of influence is disappearing, so Dems should not allow themselves to be bullied anymore on the campaign trail. Democrats should be on the attack and run on their record. Because, quite frankly, Republicans really have nothing to run on except obstructionism and inequality. If they had any actual ideas, they wouldn't have to rely on billionaires spending millions on negative ads complaining about a health care law designed to help millions of uninsured Americans.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
I don't know how to tell this to make it sound like the exciting adventure it was, but I'll do my best.
On the 10th, I received an email saying my Out of the Darkness fundraising page had received a donation. I think I was on my phone or busy at the time so I made note of the email and carried on. I had guessed that it was my Secret Santa, because I couldn't think of any friends or family who would have suddenly donated then, but I didn't really look into it.
Two days later I got around to going to the site, where I found my Secret Santa's note. What followed was a most attractive display of joyful bawling. For the first time in months I felt hope, and it was amazing.
Today, another two days later I get an email from my university's mailroom saying I have a package. I'm eager, but not expecting much when my Santa already gave a hundred dollars.
I open the box, and inside is a fairly small red pouch. Okay, again, I was expecting something small. Inside the pouch was a Santa Claus tin. Cute, a little holiday tin? Maybe some small ornament inside? No. When I open it I find a $100 Amazon gift card.
And now for the second time in a week I'm happily crying. Thanks to my Santa's generosity, I can afford to get my family real presents instead of just baking them cookies and calling that good enough.
And you never even said your name for me to thank you properly. Thank you. So much. For giving me hope again.
Image: Osram Opto Semiconductors
Advertisement
Those twirling banks of lasers you see atop experimental robocars cost plenty, wear fast, and suck power. The auto industry yearns to solve all those problems with a purely solid-state lidar set that designers can hide behind the grill of a car.
Their wish will come true next year, according to Osram Opto Semiconductors. The company says test samples will be available in 2017, and that commercial models could arrive in 2018. With mass production, the price should drop to around 40 Euros (US $43.50), says Sebastian Bauer, the product manager for Osram, in Regensburg, Germany.
By comparison, Velodyne's rooftop lidar towers cost $70,000 and up, and that company's new, hockey-puck-size model runs around $8000.
Osram's contribution to the lidar system is a laser chip whose four diodes were all made in one piece, then separated. That means they're perfectly aligned from the get-go, with no need for after-the-fact fiddling. Each channel fires in sequence, so the returning signal can be matched to its source, thus enabling the system to add each petty piece of angular scope into an ensemble capable of sweeping a large vertical swath.
“You need that for the forward-looking lidar,” Bauer says. ”Think of a car travelling along a hilly road, where a single beam's not enough—often, you'll just see the sky.”
The other key part of the lidar is a tiny array of mirrors to steer the laser beam. That's being provided by Osram's partner, Innoluce, which Infineon Technologies acquired last month. The mirrors are part of a microelectromechanical system (MEMS), so they move on a tiny scale. The MEMS chip can operate at up to 2 kilohertz, scanning the environment for the data a car needs to perform 3D mapping.
Osram's four lasers each pulse for 5 nanoseconds, just one-quarter as long as the one-channel laser the company now makes for emergency stopping systems and other functions. Because the laser quickly reaches peak power and then winks out, it can support a robust peak power of 85 watts while shining for only 0.01 percent of the time. That makes it safe for the eyes.
The overall lidar system covers 120 degrees in the horizontal plane, with 0.1 degree of resolution, and 20 degrees in the vertical plane, with 0.5 degree of resolution. In the light of day, it should detect cars from at least 200 meters away, and pedestrians at 70 meters out.
How did Osram generate such short, powerful pulses? “We integrated the driver chip from a partner and included a capacitor in the package, keeping the distance between the parts short, so there's little inductance,” Bauer says.
It seems straightforward enough. Why, then, didn't somebody do it earlier?
“Good question,” Bauer laughs. “It's because the lidar market took off just a few years ago, and before that, it was all about these towers on top of the cars. And there were hard problems to solve—it's not enough to work just in the lab; it has to pass stress tests. It has to be good enough for automotive use.”
Hooded members of the Ku Klux Klan arrive at the Point Grey home of pharmaceutical magnate Frederick Baker and kidnap 25-year-old houseboy Wong Foon Sing, who seven months earlier had discovered the body of fellow servant Janet Smith. The 22-year-old nursemaid had been killed by a gunshot to the head. Sing is taken to the group's Shaughnessy mansion headquarters, placed in shackles in a dark room and tortured for six weeks by captors who demanded he either confess or tell them who killed her.
Wong Foon Sing was held captive and beaten for six weeks
The men eventually let the innocent man go free on Marine Drive, where he was “found” by police and charged with Smith's murder. He was released several months later due to lack of evidence, and with hearing permanently damaged by the ordeal, returned home to China shortly afterward.
article continues below
Kidnapping charges were eventually laid against several private detectives, police officers and members of the police commission, including James Alexander Paton, who was also the publisher of the Point Grey Gazette, which later became the Vancouver Courier.
The charges came a result of a decision by one of the people involved in the kidnapping to become a Crown witness. According to his testimony, Paton and the other two police commission members had financed the crime and held a meeting to debate how long Sing should be held in captivity. Paton claimed he only learned of the kidnapping after the fact but admitted no steps had been taken to prosecute the offenders. In the end, three detectives were sent to prison but charges against Paton and his fellow commissioners were dropped.
Janet Smith
Janet Smith's murder remains unsolved. Speculation ranges from her being the victim of a sexual assault that escalated to somehow being related to Baker's alleged involvement in the drug trade.
Paton sold the Gazette in 1926, but continued to write for it in the years that followed. He went on to become a Conservative MLA for Point Grey and was a vocal advocate for the internment of Japanese-Canadians during the Second World War.
The KKK's old headquarters at 1590 Matthews Ave. is now home to Canuck Place Children's Hospice
Like the Courier on Facebook or follow us on Twitter and/or Instagram
Hopping between my open-source Android projects and Photoshop Elements at Adobe involves a lot of mental context-switching. A majority of that transition is necessitated by the fact that Java and C++ share similar syntax and semantics but differ in countless ways, often subtly. I often catch myself "thinking in Java" when writing C++, or the other way around, when I'm in the midst of said context-switch.
The other thing to consider is: C++ is a double-edged sword. It's powerful, but that also makes it very easy to make mistakes.
So I thought I'd compile a list of common C++ pitfalls / things to remember / things I find interesting, with references to more detailed discussions. I expect to often refer to this post myself. The format is somewhat terse, so beginners might find it confusing.
I know you don't need me to tell you this. But sometimes I forget to call delete (or delete[] ), so this item is basically a reminder for myself. It doesn't help that accidentally calling vanilla delete on new[] 'ed memory causes undefined behaviour, potentially including subtle memory leaks.
Or, as many commenters rightly pointed out, you could simply use smart pointers like C++11's std::unique_ptr and std::shared_ptr and side-step this whole mess altogether.
Yes, I hear you: "But what if my destructor fails?". Simmer down, whippersnapper. I'm calling in the cavalry on this one. Here's Marshall Cline's suggestion (Cline is author of the treasured C++ FAQ):
Write a message to a log-file. Or call Aunt Tilda. But do not throw an exception!
You at least trust him, if not me, right? You should. Here's the reason: when an exception is being processed, the program begins moving up the call stack in search of a catch block, popping off stack frames and destroying all local objects in them. Guess what happens if the destructor of one those objects throws an exception? Now there are two uncaught exceptions to deal with, and no catch in sight! At this point the program simply explodes in your face, as the realization dawns that you've committed thrown one sin exception too many in the Holy Land of C++.
class A { ~A() { ... } }; class B : public A { ~B() { ... } }; A *a = new B(); delete a; // what happens here?
The call to delete at the end will, in most cases, call A::~A() , resulting in a hard-to-detect memory leak. The standard's stance on this issue is "undefined behaviour". Making A 's destructor virtual resolves the leak.
Spot the best code:
// option 1 try { ... } catch (exception e) { ... } // option 2 try { ... } catch (exception& e) { ... } // option 3 try { ... } catch (exception* e) { ... }
Yes, yes, it's option 2. But why?
Option 1 is bad because: (a) it might involve an unnecessary copy constructor invocation, and (b) it can cause a subtle bug, thanks to slicing! For example, if the try block throws an instance of type derived_exception , derived from the type exception (duh), then the latter's copy constructor gets called, resulting in a hacked-off instance of the former getting sliced into the latter.
Option 3 is bad simply because naked pointers need to be manually de-allocated. This is especially bad considering the fact that when I'm writing a catch block, I already have a lot to think about: how to recover from the error, whether I can punt responsibility up the call stack, and so on. So no naked pointers to exceptions, thank you very much.
const follows a rather simple rule: it acts on whatever precedes it. So:
char const* buffer; // pointer to const char (1) char* const buffer; // const pointer to char (2) char const* const buffer; // const pointer to const char (3)
Much of the confusion arises because many (including me) tend to prefer placing the const before the char in the first case:
const char* buffer; // pointer to const char, same as (1)
If you'll tolerate my hypocrisy for a moment, here's my suggestion: try to avoid putting the const at the beginning like that. Another source of confusion is array declarations with const :
int main(int argc, char* const* argv); // pointer to const pointer to char int main(int argc, char* const argv[]); // equivalent
What's the right signature for a copy constructor?
A::A(A) - infinite recursion
- infinite recursion A::A(A&) - valid but won't work if the argument is a temporary, e.g., A fn() { A a1; return a1; }; A a2 = fn(); // error
- valid but won't work if the argument is a temporary, e.g., A::A(const A&) - valid and works with temporaries (see item #8)
Consider the overridden assignment operator for class A (our favourite class):
??? A::operator=(const A& other) { // guess the return type? // assign other to this // ... return ???; // what to return here? }
The standard says the return type of operator= must be A& and the return value "a reference to the left hand operand", i.e., *this . Without a satisfactory reason, that's just begging to be forgotten. Here's your reason: it's so that chained assignments like a = b = c work correctly (think of it as a.operator=(b.operator=(c)) ).
A getA() { return A(); } const A &a = getA(); // ok A &a = getA(); // error
You cannot assign temporaries to non- const references. You knew that right? Yes, I'm looking at you, Visual Studio 2010 user. Your compiler doesn't even emit a measly warning for decidedly non-standard behaviour. Clang and GCC are kind enough to spit out descriptive compilation errors. This has bitten me more than once, when writing cross-platform code in Visual Studio.
class A { int n; }; A a1 = new A(); A a2 = new A;
What do you think are the values of a1.n and a2.n right after construction? Answer: 0 and {insert garbage value here}. More generally, plain old datatypes are zero-initialized in the former case, but behaviour in the latter case is implementation-defined.
Sure, your compiler helps you out with this. But this is very easy to forget, say, in an interview. So have you thought about why at least one virtual function is needed for using dynamic_cast ? Simply because it's convenient to implement dynamic_cast by piggy-backing on the virtual method infrastructure: the type hierarchy information (conventionally called "run-time type information" or "RTTI") is usually attached to the vtable, and a run-time check is performed, using available RTTI, to determine whether the cast is valid.
I know I bossed you around a bit throughout the post, dear reader. But hey, good news! Vent all you want in the comments, especially if you think I'm downright wrong somewhere above.
The Texas Democratic Party held their state convention in Houston, Texas, from Thursday, June 7th, through Saturday, June 9th. Along with other election related business such as delegate selection and electing Judge Gilberto Hinojosa the first Hispanic party chair by an overwhelming margin. They also voted on and passed the most progressive Texas platform in at least a generation including planks supporting: Marriage Equality including adoption by same-sex couples, repeal of the death penalty and replacing it with life without parole, women's reproductive rights and sex education that is “evidence based, accurate and effective, comprehensive age-appropriate sex ed programs with an abstinence component, to reduce the rate of abortion;” as well as amending both the Texas and U.S. Constitutions to state that corporations are not people and a call for single-payer health insurance(aka “Medicare for All”).
One of the other key issues added this year was support for marijuana decriminalization. Below is the actual text:
Decriminalization of Marijuana This decriminalization of marijuana does not mean we endorse the use of marijuana but it is only a call to wiser use of law enforcement and public health policy. Prohibition of marijuana abdicates the control of marijuana production and distribution to drug cartels and street gangs. Such prohibition promotes disrespect for the law and reinforces ethnic and generational divides between the public and law enforcement. Every year, hundreds and thousands of Americans are arrested for marijuana possession violations- far more than all those arrested for violent crimes in America. Societal costs dealing with the war on drugs concerning marijuana exceeds 12 billion dollars annually. Since the war on drugs began, 85% of the arrests for marijuana have been for possession only. Marijuana is no more dangerous than alcohol or tobacco. Recent polls show over 50% of Americans believe marijuana should be decriminalized. While arrests for marijuana since 1965 have been over 20 million citizens, marijuana is more prevalent than ever before. There is no evidence that marijuana is a “gateway” drug leading to the use of more lethal drugs. 75% of citizens arrested for marijuana are under 30. Minorities account for a majority of those arrested for marijuana. Criminal conviction permanently scars a young citizen for life. Texas Democrats urge the President, the Attorney General and the Congress to support the passage of legislation to decriminalize the possession of marijuana and regulate it's use, production and sale as is done with tobacco and alcohol. We further urge the immediate decriminalization of the possession and use of medical marijuana. Source: Texas Democratic Party 2012 Platform
In passing this historic platform, Texas Democrats now join a growing list of respected party members, cities and states now supporting marijuana law reform. Governor Cuomo (D-NY) and Mayor Rahm Emanuel (D-Chicago) are endorsing decriminalization. Earlier this year the Colorado Democratic Party endorsed marijuana reform as a part of their official party platform and announced their support of state's legalization ballot initiative, Amendment 64. The Washington State Democratic Party also endorsed their state's legalization initiate, I-502 late last year and these are but a few examples of the continuous flow of marijuana law reforms being considered and approved nationally at the state level.
Marijuana could very well be another Barack Obama secret weapon during the upcoming election. During the 2008 presidential campaign Obama said that he would respect states' rights and cease federal prosecution of medical marijuana dispensaries and since then public opinion has steadily grown in opposition to the drug war. In October 2011, Gallup reported a record high 50% support for legalizing marijuana and this May, 56% of people responded in favor of legalization in a survey from Rasmussen Reports, with only 36% opposed.
(Visited 16 times, 1 visits today)
WASHINGTON -- Upping the stakes in its slow-burning confrontation with North Korea, the Trump administration deployed an aircraft carrier to the region this week in a show of force that also could expose American weakness. If the North proceeds with a ballistic missile or nuclear test and the U.S. does nothing in response, America's deterrence will appear diminished.
The USS Carl Vinson is steaming to waters off the Korean Peninsula as anticipation mounts that Kim Jong-un will stage another weapons test around the anniversary of the birth of his grandfather, Kim Il Sung, the nation's founder, on Saturday. Another potential date: An April 25 celebration of its armed forces.
Tensions are high on the divided peninsula. The North sees U.S.-South Korea war games as preparations for an invasion. The U.S. and its allies have expressed alarm about Pyongyang's recent ballistic missile launches, including a four-rocket salvo last month it described as a practice to strike U.S. bases in Japan. Washington's ultimate concern is the North's developing ability to mount a nuclear warhead on an intercontinental missile, which it should be able to master in the next few years.
At the Pentagon Tuesday, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said sending the Vinson was “prudent.”
And Army Gen. Vincent Brooks, commander of U.S. forces in South Korea, decided not to come to Washington for congressional hearings this month, his office said Tuesday, suggesting he had to stay for a potentially hazardous situation under his command. U.S. defense officials said that didn't mean military action was imminent. A similar decision was made amid tensions in 2013.
But the Vinson's presence near North Korea points to the larger challenge for the U.S. of deterrence, which has to be backed by the real threat of force. No one has spoken of shooting down a North Korean missile unless it directly threatens the U.S. or its allies in East Asia. And Kim is likely to be undeterred to conduct tests because he has made nuclear weapons development a national priority, seeing them as a guarantee against U.S.-backed regime changes that have toppled authoritarian regimes in Iraq, Libya and elsewhere.
President Donald Trump's policy toward the North Korean threat is still taking shape. The emphasis has been on pressing China to use its economic leverage to rein in its wayward ally. When Chinese leader Xi Jinping met Trump in Florida last week, the U.S. urged China to block North Korea's access to the international financial system by cracking down on banks and companies that deal with it.
But the Trump administration has been unusually outspoken about retaining pre-emptive military options against North Korea. The president has issued repeated, ambiguous warnings about his willingness to take unilateral actions - a threat that assumed new resonance after he ordered a missile strike against Syria last week over its alleged use of chemical weapons. The order was issued during Xi's visit.
“North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A.,” Trump tweeted Tuesday.
The United States periodically deploys aircraft carrier strike groups to waters near the Korean Peninsula to retain a naval presence and project power in the Asia-Pacific region. The Carl Vinson took part last month in the ongoing U.S.-South Korea war games.
President Barack Obama also ordered an aircraft carrier to the Korean Peninsula in a show of force in November 2010 after North Korea launched a deadly artillery barrage on the South. Then, the fear was a conflagration at the heavily militarized border.
Washington now views the threat as one against the U.S. itself, as North Korea's nuclear and missile programs approach the capacity to reach the U.S. mainland. That has raised the question of whether the U.S. would be prepared to shoot down a North Korean missile. Doing so would be a real-world test of America's uncertain missile defense capabilities.
The Carl Vinson is accompanied by a destroyer ship with an Aegis combat system to track and intercept missiles.
John Park, director of the Korea Working Group at the Harvard Kennedy School, said if North Korea went ahead with a missile test to mark this weekend's anniversary, there would be questions if the U.S. was in the region but did not try to stop it. If it uses the Aegis system, a failure would hurt the system's credibility.
That would also alarm allies Japan and South Korea, which also have the Aegis.
Even if the U.S. used the missile defense system successfully, the question would be how Pyongyang responds.
Escalation into a full-blown conflict would leave South Korea's capital, 25 miles from the heavily militarized border, vulnerable to the North's artillery and rockets. Nearly 30,000 U.S. forces in South Korea, many accompanied by families, would also be in the firing line.
In a statement Tuesday, North Korea's Foreign Ministry said the aircraft carrier deployment “goes to prove that the U.S. reckless moves for invading ... have reached a serious phase.”
(Newser) – Syria's clerics last week gave the starving people of Damascus the OK to eat dog, and the bad news has not ended there. The World Health Organization now suspects polio has returned to the country. If verified, these would be the first recorded cases there since 1999. And it's just one on a list of what the Telegraph calls health "flare-ups": measles, typhoid, hepatitis, and tens of thousands of cases of the flesh-eating parasite leishmaniasis have also surfaced.
As for the potential polio cases, the WHO is still waiting for a lab to confirm the results, but 22 people in the northeastern province of Deir Ezzor have symptoms of what is "very likely" polio. The WHO places much of the blame on the breakdown of the country's immunization program; the BBC notes vaccination rates sank from 95% to 45% between 2010 and 2013. Worse still, Syria's porous borders could endanger other countries. The Telegraph notes that cases of both leishmaniasis and measles have been recorded among refugees in Lebanon. (Read more Syria stories.)
After an exciting six months of development, we are proud to present the first public alpha release of Seven Kingdoms: Total War.
Posted by BM__ on Dec 2nd, 2016
After an exciting six months of development, we are proud to present the first public alpha release of Seven Kingdoms: Total War.
What does "public alpha release" mean? Players can command 17 armies within 8 factions led by 19 photorealistic characters from the TV show, allowing both book and lore enthusiasts to bring the gritty combat of Westeros to life. But, this is where the word "alpha" comes in - we aren't finished by any stretch. George R.R. Martin crafted an entire universe in the books and series, and we plan on continually expanding and improving content over time to fully recreate this universe.
Over the next few weeks, we will outline our development plans to include additional armies, characters, custom battle maps, and other assets in future releases. We deliberately avoid answering "Will House X or Y be included?" because the mod, like the series itself, is an organic creation and evolves over time.
Seven Kingdoms is the culmination of many hundreds of hours of work. If you enjoy playing it, please vote for us in the ModDB Mod of the Year contest.
Thank you all for the tremendous support!
Installation
*** TUTORIAL BY JACKIE FISH - Youtube.com ****
1. Ensure you have WinZip, WinRar, or some other program to open .rar files.
2. Download the mod, open it, and move "Seven_Kingdoms.pack" contained in the file to C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Total War Attila\data. Non-Steam users must simply move this file to the data directory of your Attila folder.
4. Launch Attila
5. When the game launcher opens, activate "Seven_Kingdoms" using the "Mod Manager" button (simply click the check box next to the mod)
6. That's it!
For additional help, please watch this video: Youtube.com
Development Team
Blick Mang - Project Leader, Unit Design, 3d Artwork
Mrfista - Assistant Project Leader, 3d Artwork
Wiid - Coding & Gameplay Design
KevTaylor - Character Design, Weapon Design, 3d Artwork
Zuma - Unit Card Design, 2d Artwork
Inactive / Former Developers
Hoeonfeet - Unit Design (Lannister, Greyjoy, Martell), 3d Artwork
Yimos - 3d Artwork
Jonny - Level Design
Credits & Thanks
- Mr. Jox (without whom this mod would not be possible)
- Caligula
- WHIT3 BROTH3R
- TheByzantine
- Jackie Fish
- Simpzy
- Pixelated Apollo
- AccyDaccy
- Bilwit
- Pino, Narf, and the M&B OSP community
- Medieval Kingdoms team for sharing various assets
- Rise of Mordor team for all the tremendous support
- Clash of Kings team for inspiration & references
- If we're missing anyone, please let us know!
Tamika Mallory, right, co-chair of the Women's March on Washington, talks during an interview Jan. 9 with fellow co-chairs Carmen Perez, left, and Linda Sarsour in New York. (Mark Lennihan/AP)
Before the election, a pro-Clinton Facebook group went viral. Pantsuit Nation now has more than 3 million members, many of whom were eager to celebrate the first woman in the United States' top office.
When that hope was dashed, many members created local and state Pantsuit Nation pages, with the idea of fighting the incoming president. National Pantsuit Nation leaders stopped that local organizing under the Facebook group's name, explaining that they were forming a 501c(3) organization and could not lobby. Many activists scrambled to form replacement groups such as Together We Will, Action Together Network and Suit Up Action Network.
[The number of countries with female leaders has plummeted]
Others have written about the inherent mistakes and missed opportunities made by Pantsuit Nation in developing an orientation that to many looked focused on selling merchandise and telling stories and less on action-oriented resistance.
So will these offshoot groups be able to harness and mobilize the women's energy that was roiling online?
Political scientists have done a significant amount of research on social movements. Here's what we know.
So, is this a women's movement?
Pantsuit Nation was started by women excited about the United States' first major-party female nominee for president. That said, it could fall into one of several categories of social movements in which women are involved, as Candice Ortbals and I point out in several articles.
A women's movement works on issues specifically related to gender, and can be feminist, anti-feminist or nonfeminist. Feminist movements, such as the movement for women's voting rights or Code Pink, challenge political, social and other power arrangements that are based on gender. Anti-feminist movements, such as Phyllis Schlafly's crusade against the Equal Rights Amendment, protect women's socially ascribed gender roles, like mother or wife. Nonfeminist movements, like Susan G Komen, accept women's involvement in the public sphere but aim for something other than changes in gender relations.
A group standing in front of the Geneva headquarters of the Woman's Party International Committee around 1932. (Metropoll/Alice Paul Papers/Courtesy of Schlesinger Library, Harvard University)
We don't know where Pantsuit Nation-inspired groups will fall. Some groups appear to operate with a feminist ideology, while others seem to be focusing on countering Trump, with little mention of feminism.
For example, Together We Will, USA may be nearly entirely female-run, but its three main pillars for action — healthy communities, equity and liberty, and justice for all — are not focused on feminism. Similarly, Suit Up Action Network calls itself a social justice movement that wants to “take human rights advocacy to the next level” — which may involve women's rights but doesn't appear to be explicitly feminist.
By contrast, the Women's March on Washington, a group that grew in parallel with PSN but not necessarily from it, articulates an explicitly feminist agenda, including its slogan “the rise of the woman equals the rise of the nation” and statements that marchers “will not rest until women have parity and equity at all levels of leadership in society.”
Will Pantsuit Nation's offshoots consolidate or fracture further?
Women's movements throughout history have fractured into more traditional and radical branches, such as those who lobby for women's health vs. those who stage naked protests. They are successful when they support one another. Movements that have been grass-roots have been more effective in U.S. history. We can expect Pantsuit Nation-inspired movements to be successful if they avoid infighting and focus on grass-roots activism.
What sort of action should we expect?
What type of action may we expect out of the Pantsuit Nation-inspired movements? Candice Ortbals and I researched women's movements in Europe, examining how social movements respond to different political climates — when the power structure is open to their agendas and when it's closed.
When there's no real opening for change, groups are especially likely to work outside political institutions, with such activities as protests and demonstrations, rather than to work on lobbying or consulting with sympathetic legislators and power players to advance their goals.
For most women's movements, offshoots of Pantsuit Nation, and other left-leaning groups, such a “closed” moment comes when the right is in power. Women's movements have historically been less likely to protest than other left-leaning movements. Given the extremely inhospitable political climate, however, Pantsuit Nation-inspired groups may launch a new era of U.S. women's protests. The Women's March on Washington is an early manifestation of what we may see.
[Social policies don't always help women and men equally. This is what makes the difference]
Such groups may also look for opportunities where they're more likely to succeed — for instance, by working locally or internationally, as European women's groups have done over the past 50 years when the right is in power.
We know to expect attacks on allies
Although social movements may take to the streets when the right is in power, according to the expectation-punishment axiom, they are more likely to issue statements critical of political parties aligned with them ideologically when those parties do not meet their demands. When left-leaning parties were in power in Europe, for instance, women's movements were critical of them.
From this, we can expect Pantsuit Nation-inspired groups to expect more from Democrats than Republicans. They may march in the streets against Republicans, but when Democrats do not respond to their pressure, these groups will lash back swiftly and fiercely.
[The U.S. is becoming more racially diverse. But Democrats may not benefit.]
In fact, my research suggests, we can expect this movement to be more critical of Democratic than Republican leaders — precisely because they expect more from them. For example, if individual Democrats do not come out strongly against defunding Planned Parenthood, Pantsuit Nation-inspired groups will sharply criticize them via a variety of social and traditional media outlets. If Trump were to nominate to the Supreme Court an individual known to be anti-choice and Democrats refused to filibuster, expect a similar backlash. This is not unlike the tea party backlash we saw against Republicans during the early 2000s.
In crisis, opportunity
Even though Republicans are about to control all branches of the U.S. government, the Pantsuit Nation-inspired movement may nevertheless find some opportunities to work within the system, not just outside it.
When parties face electoral volatility — electoral instability due to competition from within parties or the shifting of constituents among parties — research tells us that politicians look for new constituencies, elites and various citizen groups have more contact with one another; and legislators become more willing or able to vote based on personal preference rather than party line. Those all open doors for grass-roots movements to work with governments.
[The surprising racial and gender bias in ‘Law and Order']
Scholars are mixed on whether we are seeing electoral volatility in the U.S. system. The opportunities for Pantsuit Nation-inspired groups to influence the policy debate through conventional activity, such as lobbying, will hinge on the movements' ability to capitalize on any volatility that is there.
Lori Poloni-Staudinger is professor and chair of politics and international affairs at Northern Arizona University and founder of a local post-election activist group in Flagstaff, Ariz. Find her on Twitter @lori_poloni.
Donate
Originally appeared at A-specto, translated by Borislav exclusively for SouthFront
The Turkish parliament approved key points in the constitutional reform that will give more powers to the head of state. The ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP), supported by the National Action Party (MHP), made the legislative changes in a first session. President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan believes that those changes will lead to a more stable government which is needed to prevent the return of the “fragile” coalition governments of the past.
The changes that were approved last night by at least 341 lawmakers, settle the supervisory functions of the parliament, the executive powers of the president, and the possibility that the president can maintain links with a particular political group. Under the planned changes, the president can be elected for a maximum of two five-year terms. It is envisaged that the presidential and parliamentary elections will be held in 2019.
Approval of the changes is a positive sign for the Justice and Development Party, although changes will have to go through two more rounds of voting before the whole package of constitutional reforms is put through a referendum. The two largest opposition parties, the Republican People's Party (CHP) and the pro-Kurdish People's Democratic Party (PDP) fear that these changes will strengthen authoritarianism in the country. Voters are expected to have their say in this case in the spring. For that to happen, amendments must receive the approval of at least 330 of the 550 seats in the assembly in the next rounds. AKP has 316 deputies to cast their vote on this issue, and the MHP has 39.
Earlier on Thursday, deputies came to blows, as tensions around the debate on constitutional amendments escalated. The ruling party warned that they would insist on holding new elections if the amendments are not accepted. An MP from the main opposition party responded to the provocation with a call for a move in this direction. “Instead of looking for a regime change, we from the Republican People's Party give full support for the decision which will lead to early elections” stated Ozgur Ozel.
Donate
America, or at least my America, is reeling from Donald Trump's victory, and we need a reference point to anchor our fears, frustrations, and confusions as we chart a path forward. To me, that reference point is clear—and frightening. Reconstruction—America's long-forgotten era where progression and regression were in perpetual conflict—mirrors the traumas of today to an alarming degree.
From 1865 to 1877, the federal government embarked on an ambitious agenda to reconstruct American society by enfranchising African American men after the Civil War. During the war, many slaves fled to the North in search of freedom, and many of them enlisted in the Union army and fought to defeat the Confederacy. This yearning for freedom and willingness to die for their country in many ways necessitated the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863.
Then, upon conclusion of the war, the 13th, 14th, and 15th amendments to the Constitution were passed in 1865, 1868, and 1870, which abolished slavery, granted citizenship to freed slaves, and ensured that the right to vote could not be taken away because of one's race, color or previous condition of servitude.
America's identity, and especially the South's, was going through revolutionary changes. To the surprise of no one, many factions hated these changes and fought them bitterly. And unfortunately, these same progressive and regressive factions still dominate America's political climate today.
In the 1860s, the progressive agitators who supported Reconstruction were an extension of the abolitionist movement. They were primarily classified in three categories: carpetbaggers, scalawags, and enfranchised black Americans.
Carpetbaggers were Northerners who relocated to the South after the Civil War. Southerners perceived them to be opportunists who moved to the South to capitalize on the destruction by building industries and running for elected office. Southerners described them as untrustworthy people who wanted to take advantage of them. Yet clearly a carpetbagger should be viewed as a progressive American who uprooted his life and relocated to the oppressive South to build a more equitable society. Alarmingly, though, our society still employs the Southern usage.
Scalawags were Southern white Republicans (who were the progressives of this era) who sided with the carpetbaggers and worked together to reshape the South and America for the better. In the South, a scalawag is considered a traitor. Scalawags were mostly white people whose way of life was less dependent on slave labor: non-slaveholding, small-time farmers; middle-class professionals and others who sided with the Union.
African Americans who voted and won elected office represented the third major group. They demonstrated the progress of this era. Roughly 2,000 African Americans held public office during Reconstruction, including elected positions at the local, state and national level. Hiram Revels was born a free person of color in North Carolina, but relocated to Mississippi during Reconstruction and became America's first black U.S. Senator in 1870. Robert Smalls of South Carolina was America's longest serving black congressman until Harlem's Adam Clayton Powell Jr. left office in the 1970s.
While many of the complexities of today and 150 years ago are not the same, the three progressive protagonists have not changed much. President Barack Obama clearly represents an example of our progress toward equality and enfranchisement. Additionally, the Clintons changed America's political landscape in the 1990s by aligning a progressive Southerner (a modern-day scalawag) in Bill Clinton with a progressive Northerner (a modern-day carpetbagger) in Hillary Clinton. And they successfully appealed to disenfranchised African Americans and poor whites in the South to reshape America and launch our current progressive movement. Bill was even half-heartedly called America's first black president, prior to the election of Barack Obama, and jokingly referred to as “Bubba” to highlight his crossover appeal.
In today's America, the geographical distinctions between carpetbaggers and scalawags has become less rigid, but the necessity of viewing our society through a racial equity lens remains paramount. Nowadays, carpetbaggers reside within a racially diverse cosmopolitan environment, and they need to align with today's scalawags from more rural, racially homogenous or divided landscapes. Without this partnership the importance of racial equity can become lost, and now economic concerns, which may perpetuate economic and racial inequities, can sway well-meaning and potential scalawags to side with ending Reconstruction.
The progressive protagonists' pursuit of progress and equality also represented an existential challenge to the regressive, racially unjust status quo that America has grown accustomed to since the end of Reconstruction. And not surprisingly, Trump's rise also embodies the backlash from 150 years ago.
In addition to harassing carpetbaggers, scalawags and freed black Americans, white Southerners organized into various groups with the mission of returning the South to its pre-Civil War heyday. Leading businessmen from across the South united and formed the Redeemers movement. They wanted to redeem the South to a previous, more prosperous era. You might say they wanted to make the South great again.
Additionally, the white nationalist movement rose to prominence in the South, and the Ku Klux Klan was formed in order to terrorize black Americans to prevent them from voting and living as free men. Also, poor and middle-class white Southerners felt the brunt of the post-war economic hardships, and they craved for leaders who could improve their economic station. While poor and working-class whites might have had many economic similarities with the recently liberated and enfranchised blacks, many of them instead sided with the rhetoric of the Redeemers and white terrorists. They had a greater familiarity with Southern whites, and their economic interests trumped their moral concerns and the necessity of racial equality. These factions formed the core that could defeat the federal government and end Reconstruction and progressivism in the 1870s.
Trump's claim to “Make America Great Again,” his quasi-association with and endorsement by the KKK and white nationalists, and his surprisingly strong support amongst economically distressed whites, all fit within the antagonistic, regressive ideologies of 150 years ago.
Despite the progressiveness of this era, Reconstruction only lasted for 12 years, and upon its demise the Southern states began implementing regressive policies that would remake the South into its pre-Civil War image. The Southern states all drafted oppressive constitutions that included voting impediments such as poll taxes, literacy exams, and more.
Blacks who could no longer be forced into slavery were instead arrested for minor charges such as vagrancy and sent to prison and subjected to slave-like conditions. A conservative Supreme Court in 1896 made separate-but-equal the law of the land via Plessy v. Ferguson and segregation and Jim Crow became the standard in the South. A progressive ideology that included racial justice and equity did not re-emerge until the 1960s when black Americans finally re-earned the equality that had been taken away from them 100 years ago.
Trump's rise shows how America has hardly progressed beyond the antiquated battle lines of yesteryear that have always divided our country, and how quickly we can succumb to our lesser selves. We need to learn the lessons of Reconstruction so to avoid potentially a century of oppressive, racially divisive and unjust policies disguised as democracy.
Bernie Sanders won Michigan on March 8 by getting votes from several key groups. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
Update: Bernie Sanders won the Michigan primary Tuesday night in what, according to polls, was a shocking upset. This post has been updated.
Hillary Clinton lost the Michigan primary on Tuesday night, and the state pried open two critical seams holding her candidacy together.
This isn't a fatal blow, but rather than punctuating a moment of triumph for Clinton, the state shows that the fight is, at least, pretty far from over.
Clinton was supposed to win Michigan. In the Real Clear Politics polling average in the state, Clinton led by 20 points coming into Tuesday night. And then she lost. What happened?
One thing that happened is that Clinton underperformed with black voters in the state. In Mississippi, which Clinton won easily, nearly two-thirds of the vote was black and it went for Clinton 9-to-1. Preliminary exit polling in Michigan suggests that only about a quarter of the electorate in the state was black -- and that Clinton's margin was closer to 2-to-1.
For as much emphasis as we put on race in the Democratic presidential contest, it's important to note that states in which one or the other candidate does well tend to pull the whole electorate toward that candidate. In Mississippi, Clinton won whites, which is not the case nationally or in places where Sanders does well. This appears to be Sanders's best performance with black voters so far this year. These are preliminary polling results, too, which will be re-weighted. If there's a large portion of the black vote still out, the final split could change.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders expressed confidence in Miami following Democratic primary elections in Mississippi and Michigan. (Reuters)
If it doesn't change, though, this is a big hole in Clinton's safety net. Clinton needs huge black margins to walk to victory. If she has good margins, she'll almost certainly still win -- in part thanks to her existing lead -- but this thing won't be wrapping up any time soon.
Part of the problem may be the economic issues central to Michiganders' concerns. We noted a few weeks ago that the state has shed a ton of manufacturing jobs over the last 25 years, thanks in part to free-trade agreements like NAFTA.
In exit polls, nearly six in 10 voters thought trade took away American jobs -- and nearly six in 10 of people who said that, backed Sanders. Those who thought trade created jobs were slightly more likely to back Clinton. This echoes the Republican side of the primary. More than half of voters thought that trade cost jobs; four in 10 of them backed Donald Trump.
This is an issue that's very important to Michigan -- but also to other Rust Belt states, including Ohio, which votes next week. It gets to the key distinction that Sanders has been hammering for months, that he will address economic insecurity and that Clinton won't. Trade in Michigan is a very specific iteration of that issue. But it's clearly a point of weakness for Clinton. In a recent national poll, the thing people worried about most with Clinton's candidacy was her connection to Wall Street. That probably didn't do her much good in Michigan.
(Philip Bump / The Washington Post)
These are not the only factors at play. More than a quarter of the vote came from independents and Sanders won seven-in-10 from that group. The number of voters under the age of 30 appears to be up over 2008, too -- though that year was a weird one. Those aren't really a big problem.
Race and money, though? These are warning signs -- warning signs that are still hard to read and maybe warning signs that come too late for Sanders's candidacy. But Clinton very much needs to hold onto strong black support and to avoid concerns over how progressive she'd be as president. (As we've noted, Democratic voters this year are consistently more liberal than in years past.) Black voters are her (ahem) trump card and economic issues her Achilles heel.
Making Michigan the exact opposite of what she wanted to see.
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) said Thursday it is "virtually impossible" for Democrats and Republicans to reach an agreement on President Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch, before the upper chamber casts its votes to end debate.
“I don't think they'll be able to come to any kind of agreement,” Schumer told The Washington Post about the two parties striking a deal by next week to avoid a bitter showdown. “It's virtually impossible.”
Gorsuch would need 60 votes to proceed to a confirmation vote under current Senate rules. With Republicans holding a 52-seat majority, eight Democratic lawmakers would need to vote to end debate for the high court appointee, and only two have announced their support.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) and other Republicans have said they'll vote for Gorsuch regardless of Democratic opposition.
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans are signaling that if Democrats filibuster the judge's confirmation, they are willing to invoke the so-called nuclear option, changing Senate rules to allow them to confirm him with a simple majority.
Schumer expressed concern to the Post that if Republicans use the nuclear option to confirm Gorsuch, the simple-majority vote will become the precedent and not the exception.
“The deal would be, ‘We won't change the rules on the next one,' but the nuclear option is always available. So how do you solve that?” Schumer said.
Schumer argued that Gorsuch “did not convince people he was independent and thoughtful and down the middle" during his confirmation hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
On Thursday, two Democratic senators serving in states won heavily by Trump — Heidi Heitkamp Mary (Heidi) Kathryn HeitkampOvernight Energy: Trump taps ex-oil lobbyist Bernhardt to lead Interior | Bernhardt slams Obama officials for agency's ethics issues | Head of major green group steps down Trump picks ex-oil lobbyist David Bernhardt for Interior secretary On The Money: Shutdown Day 27 | Trump fires back at Pelosi by canceling her foreign travel | Dems blast 'petty' move | Trump also cancels delegation to Davos | House votes to disapprove of Trump lifting Russia sanction MORE (N.D.) and Joe Manchin Joseph (Joe) ManchinTrump claims Democrats ‘don't mind executing babies after birth' after blocked abortion bill Democrats block abortion bill in Senate The Hill's Morning Report - A pivotal week for Trump MORE (W.Va.) — announced their support for Gorsuch, becoming the first Democrats to back him.
Thirty-four Senate Democrats plan to vote against Trump's Supreme Court nominee, according to The Hill's Whip List.
Two Russian bombers have been escorted from near UK territory - the latest in a series of similar incidents. How easy is it to spot a Russian plane, asks Jon Kelly.
The Ministry of Defence insists that the Russian aircraft did not enter British airspace, which extends 12 nautical miles from the nation's coast. But it says they were inside the UK's "area of interest", and the RAF scrambled Typhoon jets to intercept them. If the MoD's account is accurate, they may have been flying too far away for ordinary plane spotters to detect them - although a woman in Cornwall claims she saw them flying inland.
Each was a Tu-95 MS, also known by its Nato reporting name "Bear-H", a four-engine long-range bomber, equipped with turboprop-driven propellers and set-back wings that give it an unmistakable silhouette.
Image copyright MOD Image caption Tu-95 bomber
The most noticeable thing about the Bear, the earliest iteration of which entered service in 1956, is the almighty racket it makes. Its contra-rotating propellers spin faster than the speed of sound, creating their own sonic boom, making it one of "the loudest combat aircraft ever built", says Justin Bronk of the Royal United Services Institute. The Bear, which typically carries six or seven crew members, is not the fastest aircraft in the Russian fleet, reaching speeds of only about 575 mph (920 km/h). But it is regarded as one of the most reliable, says Bronk, which helps account for its longevity.
Image copyright AP Image caption A Tu-160 strategic bomber
Another bomber you might expect to see just outside British airspace is the Tu-160, known as the Blackjack, two of which were intercepted by RAF Tornado F3 fighters off the Scottish coast in 2010. Unlike the Bear, the Blackjack is capable of supersonic speeds of up to 2,200km/h. "It's essentially a heavier and faster equivalent of the American B1B Lancer," says Bronk. It also has a longer range and can carry more nuclear-capable missiles. An upgraded version of the TU-160 made its maiden flight in November 2014.
Image copyright AFP
Then there's the Tu-22M3 strategic bomber, which is also supersonic and nuclear-capable. "It's not as big as the Bear and the Blackjack," says Bronk. "Its closest Western equivalent is the F-111." Its variable-sweep wing allows it to take off quickly and fly at very low altitudes. There are thought to be over 100 TU-22Ms in service in the Russian fleet.
Image copyright ALAMY Image caption The MiG 31 interceptor
Sometimes Bears are escorted by supersonic MiG-31 interceptors, says Bronk. Among the world's fastest combat aircraft, they are equipped with onboard radar that can track 24 airborne targets and attack six at a time. But Bronk says: "Although they are extremely fast and carry powerful radar, they are a essentially an evolution of a very old design, the MiG-25, and are no match for the RAF's Typhoons in air-to-air combat."
The incident in Cornwall is unlikely to be the last time radar operators detect Bears. There was a similar incident in January when two Bear bombers were escorted by RAF jet after causing what the Foreign Office called a "disruption to civil aviation". The RAF intercepted Russian aircraft on eight occasions in 2014, and the same number of times in 2013, according to MoD figures released under the Freedom of Information Act.
"Bear raids" just outside British airspace were a common occurrence during the Cold War, sometimes taking place every week, says defence analyst Paul Beaver. Back then, he says, the intention was to test the RAF's reaction time. Their frequency lessened in the final years of the Soviet Union and stopped altogether when the Berlin Wall fell. Under Vladimir Putin's leadership, however, they have resumed. Yesterday, Prime Minister David Cameron said he suspected the Russians were "trying to make some sort of point", and Bronk agrees. "Essentially, it's rattling the sabre."
Thanks to Nick de Larrinaga of IHS Jane's Defence Weekly for assistance with this article
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
Using Kafka Streams API for predictive budgeting
Pinterest Engineering Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 6, 2017
Boyang Chen | Pinterest engineer, Ads infrastructure
At Pinterest, we use Kafka Streams API to provide inflight spend data to thousands of ads servers in mere seconds. Our ads engineering team works hard to ensure we're providing the best experience to our advertising partners. As part of this, it's critical we build systems to prevent instances of ads overdelivery. In this post, we'll explain overdelivery and share how we built a predictive system using Kafka Streams to reduce overdelivery in our ads system and provide near-instant information about inflight spend.
Overdelivery
Overdelivery occurs when free ads are shown for out-of-budget advertisers. This reduces opportunities for advertisers with available budget to have their products and services discovered by potential customers.
Overdelivery is a difficult problem to solve for two reason:
Real-time spend data: Information about ad impressions needs to be fed back into the system within seconds in order to shut down out-of-budget campaigns. Predictive spend: Fast, historical spend data isn't enough. The system needs to be able to predict spend that might occur in the future and slow down campaigns close to reaching their budget. That's because an inserted ad could remain available to be acted on by a user. This makes the spend information difficult to accurately measure in a short timeframe. Such a natural delay is inevitable, and the only thing we can be sure of is the ad insertion event.
Here's an example of how this works. Imagine that advertiser X pays an internet-based company $0.10 per impression with $100 total daily budget. This yields a maximum of 1,000 daily impressions.
The company quickly implements a straightforward system for the advertiser:
When a new ad spot (i.e. an opportunity to display an ad) appears in the company's website, the frontend sends an ad request to ads inventory. Ads inventory then decides whether to show ads for advertiser X based on their remaining budget. If budget is still available, the ads inventory will make an ad insertion (i.e. an ad entry that's embedded in a user's app) to the frontend. After the user views the ad, an impression event is sent to the spend system.
However, when the company checked their revenue that didn't happen.
In one day, advertiser X's ads were shown 1,100 times with $0.09 per impression. The extra 100 impressions were free, and could have been used by another advertiser. This example illustrates the common industry challenge of overdelivery.
So how does overdelivery occur? In this example, let's say it turned out that the spend system was reacting too slowly. In fact, let's say there was a delay of five minutes before it accounted for a user impression. Therefore, the internet company in this example did some optimizations to improve the system, resulting in an extra $9! This occurred because the company showed 90 impressions for other budget surplus advertisers, and overdelivery rate is only 10/1000 = 1 percent.
Later on, another advertiser, Y, contacted the same internet company and wanted to spend $100 per day to surface their ads at $2.0 per click (i.e. a user clicking through the ads link and reaching advertiser Y's website), with 50 daily clicks max. The internet company added advertiser Y to the flow and added click event tracking for them into the system.
By the end of day, the internet company's system was over-delivering, again.
Advertiser Y ended up with 10 free clicks! The internet company needed to identify why the system couldn't foresee whether the inserted ad would be clicked, no matter how fast the system. Without the future spend information, they'd always overdeliver.
To finish this example, the company eventually found a brilliant solution: compute the inflight spend of each advertiser. Inflight spend is the cost of ads insertions that haven't yet been charged. If actual_spend + inflight_spend > daily_budget, don't show ad for this advertiser.
Building a prediction system
Motivation
Every day we help Pinners discover personalized ideas across our app, from recommendations to search to Promoted Pins. We need a reliable and scalable way to serve ads to Pinners and ensure we respect the budgets of our advertising partners.
Requirements
We began designing a spend prediction system with the following goals:
Ability to work for different ads types (e.g.impression, click).
Must be able to handle tens of thousands of events per second.
Ability to fan out updates to more than 1,000 consumer machines.
End-to-end delay should be less than 10 seconds;
Ensure 100 percent uptime.
Lightweight and maintainable for engineers.
Why Kafka Streams
We evaluated a variety of streaming services, including Spark and Flink. These technologies meet our scale requirements, but in our case, Kafka Streams provides extra advantages:
Millisecond delay: Kafka streams has a millisecond delay guarantee that beats Spark and Flink.
Lightweight: Kafka Streams is a Java application with no heavy external dependencies like dedicated clusters which minimizes maintenance costs.
A concrete plan
At a high level, the below diagram illustrates our system with inflight spend:
-Ads serving: Distributes ads to users, records ads insertions and gets predicted spend from “inflight spend” service.
-Spend system: Aggregates ads events and keeps ads serving system informed of current spend for each advertiser.
-Inflight spend:
Ad insertion input: Every time a new insertion occurs the ads serving system communicates with the input topic. The message looks like:
{key: adgroupId, value: inflight_spend}, where
adgroupId = id of the group of ads under same budget constraint.
Inflight_spend = price * impression_rate * action_rate
-Spend aggregator: Tails input topic and aggregates spends based on adgroup using Kafka Streams. We maintain a 10 second window store of inflight spend per adgroup. The output topic will be consumed by ads serving system. When the new predicted spend is received, the ads servers will update the inflight spend.
*Price: the value of this ad.
*Impression_rate: historical conversion rate of one insertion to impression. Note that an insertion is not guaranteed to convert to an impression.
*Action_rate: for an advertiser paying by click, this is the probability that user will click on this ad insertion; for advertiser paying by impression, this is 1.
Predicting spend
In practice, our spend predictions are extremely accurate. After applying the predictive budgeting system, we significantly reduced over delivery. Below is an example test of of actual vs. predicted spend.
Example: The horizontal axis is three 3-minute wide time intervals; the vertical axis is actual to spend by time interval. Blue line represents the inflight spend and green line represents actual spend.
Key learnings
Bad window store design can seriously impact performance. We saw an 18x performance improvement by using tumbling windows instead of hopping windows. Our initial implementation used hopping windows to calculate the previous three minutes of expected spend. As an example, a timeframe could be three minutes long, spaced 10 seconds apart. In this case, there would be 180 seconds / 10 seconds = 18 open windows. Each event processed by Kafka Streams may update all 18 windows, leading to redundant computation. To solve for this, we switched from hopping windows to tumbling windows. Unlike hopping windows, tumbling windows don't overlap with each other, meaning each event will only update one window at a time. By reducing the number of updates from 18 to 1, the switching to tumbling windows has increased overall throughput by 18x. Strategies for message compression. To minimize the high fanout effect on consumers, we used delta encoding for adgroup IDs and lookuptable encoding for spend data. This compression strategy reduced the message size by 4x.
Conclusion
Using Apache Kafka Streams' API to build a predictive spend pipeline was a new initiative for our ads infrastructure and it turned out to be fast ,stable, fault-tolerant and scalable. We plan to continue exploring Kafka 1.0 and KSQL brought by Confluent for future systems design!
Yo I just heard Gabby getting attacked on her page show her the love you showed me #LOVE4GABBYUSA send to @gabrielledoug — Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) August 15, 2016
Gabby Douglas has responded to the criticism she received from viewers for being “unpatriotic” by not putting her hand over her heart during the U.S. national anthem, “unsportsmanlike” by not looking happy enough during her teammate's victory, and “unkempt” for her hair texture.
In response, the athlete is quoted in this article from People, tearing up and saying,
“When they talk about my hair or me not putting my hand on my heart of me being very salty in the stands, they're really criticizing me. It doesn't really feel good. It was a little bit hurtful. … Everything I've gone through has been a lot this time around and I apologize if [I seemed] really mad in the stands. I wasn't. I was supporting Aly. And I always will support them and respect them in everything they do. I never want anyone to take it as I was jealous or I wanted attention. Never. I support them, and I'm sorry that I wasn't showing it.”
The online harassment Douglas has had to deal with is heartbreaking, and it's clear in her response that it's been a tough time for her. It's incredibly unfair that the 20-year-old felt the need to apologize for not smiling or performing how strangers thought she “should.” The woman is a gold medalist! Why are you telling her to smile, instead of celebrating her accomplishments?
This nit-picking scrutiny, racially-coded harassment and disproportionate outrage didn't go unnoticed, and many, including Douglas' own mother and actress Leslie Jones jumped to her defense. The Ghostbusters star has been delivering flawless Olympics coverage, but also recently dealt with an ugly amount of internet bullying that made headlines. The hashtag that Jones started, #LOVE4GABBYUSA, takes inspiration from the hashtag #LoveForLeslieJ, which began trending in support of the actress.
Douglas also added that despite the comments, she's thankful for the experience, stating, “In the face of everything, you still stand and I have no regrets coming back [to the Olympics]. It's been an amazing experience, an amazing journey so far, and it's teaching me a lot. It's teaching me so much.”
We have lots of #LOVE4GABBYUSA, and it's great to see she's not letting the trolls keep her down.
(via Motto, Featured Image via NBC)
Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site!
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+.
memphis-may-fuckyou:
millennialsentinel:
The parodies of “We're a culture not a costume” are fucking awful and everyone reblogging them with a giggle should reevaluate your sense of humor and if you don't decide that you're an awful human that needs to change themselves I hope you step on a lego and trip into a pit of scorpions.
I don't understand, sincerely, why people can't take a joke. I swear half of tumblr exists just to be bothered by everything else. I can't possibly understand how separate cultures can look at, for example, someone wearing a sombrero whilst shaking maracas and say “They must think this represents me and therefore they're trying to make fun of me.”
It's a stereotype. And I feel like being angered at a vague sterotype like that is a personal admittance of you believing that's WHAT you are.
Story time! My brother's driving instructor once told him that he had a line of bumper stickers saying “Watch out! There are a lot of morons on the road!”
People would call him and say they're offended by that.
But why would they be offended unless they believed that /they/ were a moron? Who would take such a personal offense to someone suggesting others COULD be morons?
And if you're going to be so stuck up as to declare the parodies offensive, maybe you should declare the ORIGINALS offensive as well. Because they're just as stupid as the parodies. I saw one, “I'm a cat, not a costume!” …How is that any LESS offensive than the embodiment of a culture that isn't even accurate? No one is trying to offend your culture. It's JUST a costume. That's all it is. A funny parody of culture in itself and nothing to ever get antsy about.
But yeah, blackface is never okay, though.
Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey wants to bring back the iconic Eisenhower jacket, and he needs your help. In a new survey to the force, Dailey wants to hear if soldiers like the idea of the waist-length jacket made popular by Gen. Dwight Eisenhower during World War II.
The proposed jacket would "add one layer of etiquette" for soldiers who may need to go from the Class Bs to a more formal appearance without transitioning to the full Army Service Uniform jacket, Dailey said.
"I like it from a historical standpoint, history and honor," Dailey said. "Eisenhower introduced the khaki version, and even though we're in the blues today, it ties back to it."
In addition to the Eisenhower jacket, the survey being sent to the force also will seek soldier feedback on several other uniform changes, including gender-neutral headgear and black socks with the new PT uniform.
"We want to make sure soldiers get a chance to express their opinion," Dailey said. "It was very important to the [Army chief of staff] and myself for soldiers to know we're listening to them."
The survey will go out to soldiers' military email addresses in batches beginning this week, and it will likely be up for at least two weeks, or until a large enough portion of the force has responded, Dailey said.
Even though Dailey has said he is "not going to be the uniform Sergeant Major," he is pushing these potential changes to uniform items and wear in response to soldier feedback.
"I think we need an era of stabilization," Dailey has said, even as the Army rolls out a new PT uniform and a new camouflage pattern for the Army Combat Uniform.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Army Times Daily News Roundup
However, Dailey also is looking at how these changes also could boost morale across the force.
"If you can raise motivation by fixing things that don't really have a negative effect on the standards and discipline of the Army, why not?" Dailey said.
A closer look:
Eisenhower jacket
The original "Eisenhower" or "Ike jacket" was patterned after the British battle jacket.
This new version, which already has a prototype, is a wind-proof blue jacket meant to be worn in a workplace setting.
In the survey, soldiers will be asked: "Should the Eisenhower jacket be adopted as an optional wear item, for males and females, in addition to the black windbreaker?"
When the Army got rid of its green Class A uniforms, "we got rid of a layer of etiquette," Dailey explained.
The Class Bs are meant to be the Army's day-to-day business uniform, while the Army Service Uniform is considered formal dinner wear, he said. The phasing out of the Class A green uniform meant there was no longer an in-between uniform.
SFC Matthew MacRoberts models a prototype of the revamped Eisenhower jacket at the Pentagon in Arlington, VA, on Thursday, July 16, 2015.
The Eisenhower jacket is meant to be worn in the workplace "in lieu of the black windbreaker."
Photo Credit: Mike Morones/Staff
The Eisenhower jacket is meant to be worn in the workplace "in lieu of the black windbreaker," said Command Sgt. Maj. David Davenport, the senior enlisted soldier for Training and Doctrine Command, which is administering the soldier survey.
"When you think about enhancing professionalism in the workplace, I think this jacket does that," he said. "More importantly, it ties us to the history of our institution."
If the jacket is approved, it would be an optional item just like the black sweater, black windbreaker and blue mess uniforms, Dailey said.
"It's critical that this would not be an issue item," Dailey said. "We can't afford to add any money to the clothing bag right now."
If soldiers like the Eisenhower jacket, it will have to go through the usual Army process for getting uniform items approved.
"There's a long process this has to go through," Dailey said.
Drill sergeant hats
Based on feedback from female drill sergeants, Army leaders want to know if soldiers support a single campaign hat for both male and female drill sergeants.
Male and female drill sergeants now have their own distinct hats.
The Army is considering ditching the female drill sergeant hat. Women and men could both wear the same "Smokey" hat instead.
Photo Credit: Army
The female drill sergeant hat came into being in 1972. It was designed by Brig. Gen. Mildred Bailey, according to the Army. The original design was taken from the Australian bush hat and was beige in color.
The hat color was changed to green in 1983.
Female drill instructors in the Marine Corps have been wearing the previously male-only "Smokey" field hat since 1996, according to the Corps.
Blue service caps
Also known as "the bus driver cap," the Army wants to know if there should be a single cap for both male and female soldiers to wear with the Army Service Uniform.
This question also stems from feedback that senior enlisted leaders, including Dailey and Davenport, have received from female soldiers.
From left, Sgts. Justin and Jason Gensler, 23, of Dallas, pose for a portrait, April 9, 2015. The two Soldiers served together at The Old Guard's Company D; both also served on the same casket team. Both are wearing the Army service cap. photo by Damien Salas/Joint Base Myer Henderson Hall PAO
Should the "bus driver cap" be worn by both men and women? A majority of soldiers surveyed believe so.
Photo Credit: Army
The Navy and Marine Corps have been experimenting with gender-neutral uniforms for some time. In May, Navy Secretary Ray Mabus said that for the first time ever, female midshipmen attending graduation that month will wear collared dress coats, including those receiving Navy and Marine Corps commissions.
The US Army has approved the new service uniform that will replace the Class-A uniform for all officers, NCO's and junior enlisted. This is the Female NCO version of the Army Service Uniform, with cap. (US Army Photos/SGM Phil Prater)
The Army could soon ditch the female version of the Service Uniform cap
Photo Credit: SGM Phil Prater, US Army
The changes are important to cohesion and morale, Mabus said, but while the coats are designed to have a similar appearance, the services will not simply issue standard male coats to females.
Rather, the female coats lack breast and hip pockets and are tailored to better fit their bodies. The Corps began testing an improved prototype late last summer, and a decision is expected as early as this summer.
A decision has already been finalized for female Marines to wear a common cover, or hat, that appears similar to previous male covers, but their wear is not mandatory until May 2017.
Service cap vs. beret
Army leaders want to know if the blue service cap should be the required headgear for senior noncommissioned officers and higher while wearing the Army Service Uniform.
This change, if soldiers like it, would affect sergeants first class through sergeants major, warrant officers and officers.
AR 670-1 currently calls for the service cap to be optional for corporals and above. The beret is the primary headgear worn with the service uniform by all soldiers unless directed by the commander, according to the regulation.
Senior NCOs could no longer wear the maligned Army black beret.
Photo Credit: Army
Just like junior enlisted soldiers in their ASUs wear blue trousers while sergeants wear blue trousers with a gold braid, switching to the service cap marks a transition in a soldier's career, Davenport said.
"When you look at the professional, the senior noncommissioned officer, how do you mark that transition?" Davenport said. "That's a pretty big jump. We're going to recognize that level of professionalism, where you've gone from the apprentice to the journeyman, and now you're the expert."
Black socks
The survey also will ask soldiers if they should be allowed to wear black socks with the new Army Physical Fitness Uniform, which is black.
The idea for black socks came up at several town hall meetings Dailey conducted with soldiers.
It's a topic Dailey himself brought up, based on soldier feedback he had received, during a June 4 town hall meeting at Fort Meade, Maryland. Most of the 100-plus soldiers there liked the idea.
The sock question is included in the survey to "make sure this is the majority and not just a small contingent" of soldiers who like the idea, Dailey said.
Socks worn during PT should be calf- or ankle-length and plain white with no logos, according to the current Army Regulation 670-1. The socks also must cover the entire ankle bone.
Views of the new Army Physical Fitness Uniform. Credit: ArmyViews of the new Army Physical Fitness Uniform. MSG Owens is the model. Credit: Army
Black socks could be given the OK for wear with the Army Physical Fitness Uniform.
President of SEIU Healthcare Michigan Marge Robinson and U.S. Secretary of Labor Thomas Perez talk about meeting with Detroit workers who advocate raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour at the Central United Methodist Church in Detroit on Tuesday, Aug. 25, 2015. (Photo11: Frank Witsil, Detroit Free Press)
DETROIT — One-by-one, sometimes in tears, Detroit workers on Tuesday opened up to U.S. Secretary of Labor Thomas Perez, telling him how little they earn and why they joined a labor movement — Fight for 15 — that is seeking $15 an hour wages, as well as better benefits and opportunities for employees in the restaurant, retail and health care industries.
They talked about how hard it is to work in low-wage jobs and how they struggle to use that income to care, not just for themselves, but also for their kids — and friends. Some of them, they said, work more than one job, to the point of exhaustion — and still aren't able to make ends meet.
"It's not a big-bang theory that we need $15 an hour," Pamela Gillian-Baxter, 57, a Detroit home care worker, said at an informal gathering at Central United Methodist Church in Detroit. "All of us have to pay our own bills. If we get that kind of money, we'll feel better; we'll be able to take care of our parents, and the places we work at will be better taken care of, too.
"It's a struggle," she told Perez, admonishing the labor secretary at the end of her talk to "write that down."
President Obama has been seeking a $10.10 federal minimum wage for two years, and Perez's visit is part of a national tour leading up to Labor Day.
Perez, along with Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan and labor groups leaders, nodded sympathetically and spoke passionately about raising wages.
Restaurant owners and other employers counter that their businesses are especially price-sensitive and that significantly increasing wages would be challenging.
In addition, they said, the wage hikes would translate into increasing costs to their customers and lost jobs.
But Perez promised the workers he was taking their stories — and some notes — back to Washington. He did not specifically support a raise in the minimum wage to $15.
"Nobody should be enduring the indignities that you endure when you are trying to work hard, play by the rules," Perez told them in response. "That's not who we are as a nation. I want to make sure you know this isn't just a fly-in and a fly-out. We are part of this movement."
Workers in Detroit and other cities nationwide have been organizing and rallying for higher wages and better benefits at fast food restaurants as well as gas stations and retailers. Their efforts seem to be gaining traction with voters.
Last year, a national survey by the Pew Research Center showed 73% of people favored increasing the minimum wage.
In May, Los Angeles voted to increase the minimum wage to $15 an hour by 2020, double the federal minimum wage. Seattle and San Francisco also passed laws that raise wages to $15 an hour, and Chicago passed an increase that gradually raises wages to $13.
A state law signed in July, prohibits Michigan municipalities to exceed state or federal minimum wage requirements.
Michigan's minimum wage is now $8.15 an hour. It is set to increase to $8.50 an hour on Jan. 1, $8.90 an hour on Jan. 1, 2017, and $9.25 an hour on Jan. 1, 2018. The law allows employers to pay tipped workers and teens less.
Perez said the meeting at the historic church was significant because it connected the fight for better wages to struggle decades earlier for civil rights, as one of the places where the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. spoke.
"I see the grit of people who live here," Perez said. "I see the chronic optimism of folks who got kicked in the gut. But, as the song from the civil rights moment goes, we fall down, but we get up — and we get up stronger."
One mother, Alicia Roberson, who works at a Dollar Tree store for $8.15 an hour, said to Perez she was evicted two days ago, and was living out of her car with her three young children, ages 11, 9, and 7.
"I would love to make $15 an hour," she said. "If you have children, you know you want your children to be OK. And that's all we really want at the end of the day, is for your children to be OK. It's really hard, when your children are hungry and you can't feed them. It is terrifying to know you don't make enough money to feed your kids."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1EiE4ry
It's the ideal accessory for cyclists who demand the height of luxury on their camping trips – a fully-equipped, single-berth caravan designed to be towed by a bicycle.
The £5,500 caravan boasts a full-sized single bed, 19” TV, drinks cabinet and tea-making facilities. The ETA commissioned the bicycle caravan during Green Transport Week to illustrate the efficiency of the bicycle.
Need a quote for cycle insurance that inlcudes touring cover as standard? Get an instant quote
The QTvan
Cycle Insurance Quick Quote Bike Value (£) Maximum value £5,000 Postcode What's included?
“Versatile” bicycles
The caravan's designer at the ETA, Yannick Read, said: “The caravan illustrates the versatility of the bicycle. Bikes don't just beat traffic, get you fit, save you money and go easy on the environment – few people realise how much you can carry or tow with them.”
Battery boost
The caravan can be towed by most conventional bicycles, but its range can be extended considerably by hitching it to an electric bike.
Cycle camping was at its height in the 1950s, but a renewed interest in camping over the last three years has seen cycle touring clubs attract record numbers.
Top speed: How fast can you pedal?
Dimensions: 2m x 75cm
Range: You decide
Power for TV/kettle: 240v hook up Entertainment: 19” TV, radio, alarm clock, book shelves
Accommodation: Full-sized single bed
Cooking facilities: Kettle, drinks cabinet Eco rating: Entirely carbon neutral (if electricity for electric bicycle is bought from a sustainable provider) Optional extras include: Solar roof panels, satellite dish, gaming console, central heating, external luggage rack, bespoke paint
Tweet
Cycle Insurance
Cycle insurance from the ETA includes new-for-old, third party insurance (in the case of an accident you may need to seek compensation or even deal with a claim by someone else), personal accident cover, race event cover and if you suffer a mechanical breakdown, they will come out and recover you and your bike. Electric bicycles can also be covered. Includes 90 days' European cover and 60' days worldwide.
Rink hands-on: Samsung Creative Labs spawns a great VR controller
Virtual reality can be a fairly passive affair, for all its immersive graphics, but an incubator project from inside Samsung might change that. Rink is the product of Samsung Creative Lab, a skunkworks for employees to work on their own projects, in this case a pair of wireless controllers for VR headsets.
Rink uses a combination of IR and magnetic field tracking, with an emitter box on top of the VR headset creating a sensor bubble around the user. That means there's no line-of-sight requirement, and gestures or movements outside of the direct field of view – such as down by your sides or even behind your back – can still be detected.
While the CES demos are being shown with a Samsung Gear VR, Rink is actually platform-agnostic. Anything the emitter box can be mounted to – whether Google Cardboard or Oculus Rift – can work with the system.
As for the controller paddles, they slot over your palms and grip of their own accord, leaving your fingers free to move. They pair wirelessly, and have their own IR emitters along the edge.
Those emitters allow Rink to track individual finger movement, opening the door to typing on virtual keyboards projected in mid-air by a VR headset. Probably not something you'd want to write your next novel using, but certainly more than sufficient for interacting with text messages, inputting email addresses, or shortcuts in games.
According to Rink creator Yongjin Cho, Rink's exact future will depend on what the public reception is and how stakeholders within Samsung feel about the project. Cho is a senior engineer at the company, but was given a sabbatical of sorts to work on Rink; Samsung might decide to incorporate it into one of its own business units, or alternatively allow Cho to spin it out as a standalone concern.
Given the South Korean firm's push into VR, it seems unlikely it would be willing to let Rink slip from its fingers. More interactive virtual reality is something we've seen many companies attempt – HTC's Vive being a good example – but designing the right controllers for that experience is proving tougher.
Oculus, for instance, revealed last week that while its Rift headset would go up for preorder today, its Oculus Touch controllers needed further refining and won't arrive until the second half of 2016.
Rink might not be the best interface for every game, application, and entertainment experience virtual reality has to offer, but it's certainly an improvement on clunky joysticks or oddly cumbersome wands.
The hard-Left online organ Salon has discovered the secret of Donald Trump's success: “Islamophobia.” Citing the American National Election Studies 2016 pilot survey, Salon solemnly intones that “Trump supporters are far more likely to express Islamophobic attitudes than other respondents, even other Republicans.” A “stunning 60 percent of Trump supporters” expressed the “Islamophobic” idea that “the word ‘violent' describes Muslims ‘very' or ‘extremely' well.” Salon cannot fathom how anyone could possibly have gotten the idea that Muslims are violent (even including “a bit more than a quarter of Democrats”), and neither can the dominant voices in the Democratic Party. This blind spot regarding jihad terror is nothing less than Democratic Party policy.
Salon demonstrates its myopia about the problem of jihad terror when it notes that “for comparison, only 7 percent of Trump supporters said that the word ‘violent' describes white people extremely or very well.” “White people”? What about Islamic jihad terrorists who are “white people,” such as al-Qaeda's late sometime spokesman Adam Gadahn, the Boston Marathon jihad bombers Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, would-be Wichita airport jihad bomber Terry Lee Loewen, and so many others? Salon doesn't consider them: for the Left, and for the Democratic Party in particular, concern about jihad terror is just another form of racism, and that's that. White Muslim jihad terrorists simply don't exist.
They don't exist for Bernie Sanders, either. Last October, a Muslim student, Remaz Abdelgader, referred to Ben Carson's statements about not wanting a Muslim President and said to Sanders: “Being an American is such a strong part of my identity, but I want to create a change in this society. I'm so tired of listening to this rhetoric saying I can't be president one day, that I should not be in office. It makes me so angry and upset. This is my country.” Sanders replied: “If we stand for anything we have to stand together and end all forms of racism in this country. I will lead that effort as president.”
What race is Islam again? What race is Sharia oppression of women, non-Muslims, gays again? That was what the controversy over Carson's remarks was really about: he raised a legitimate question about the compatibility of Sharia and the U.S. Constitution. Sharia denies the freedom of speech and the equality of rights of women and non-Muslims before the law, and contravenes the Constitution in other ways as well. In 1960, John Kennedy was subjected to baseless prejudice as a Roman Catholic, and today Sanders and others consigns concerns about a Muslim President to an analogous baseless prejudice. But Kennedy actually addressed concerns, and assured Americans that he would obey and enforce the Constitution and no other law. Nowadays, asking a hypothetical Muslim candidate if he would obey and enforce the Constitution and not Sharia, as far as the leading lights in the Democratic Party are concerned, is “racism.”
So what would happen if a Sharia-compliant Muslim candidate did become President, and began working against the freedoms that the Constitution allows but Sharia does not? Would all those who voted for him simply congratulate themselves on their resistance to “racism” as their freedoms were eroded away?
The likely nominee is no better. Last November, Hillary Clinton tweeted: “Let's be clear: Islam is not our adversary. Muslims are peaceful and tolerant people and have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism.” How will President Hillary Clinton have the slightest chance of defeating the Islamic State when she is so divorced from reality as to say something like this? Obviously an uncomfortable number of Muslims do in fact have something to do with terrorism, and the fact that many do not says anything whatsoever about whether or not Islam contains teachings and exhortations that make all too many Muslims believe that it is actually our adversary.
Both Sanders and Clinton were just playing to the Democratic Party base – the base that is sure that “white people” are just as violent or even more violent than Muslims, and that concern about jihad terror is “racism.” The aptly-named Party of Treason's refusal to acknowledge the seriousness of the challenge of jihad terror only ensures that, whoever becomes President on January 20, 2017, there will be in the U.S. in the coming years much, much more jihad terror.
Former MP Enoch Powell has been accused of ‘ritualistic satanic abuse'.
A probe into an alleged paedophile network at the heart of the British Establishment was handed the late Tory MP's name by the Bishop of Durham, the Mail on Sunday reports.
In a further development Scotland Yard investigators are to be given access to secret files held on MPs in the House of Commons archives as they hunt for evidence on suspected abusers, including former Liberal MP Cyril Smith.
The Bishop of Durham, Paul Butler, contacted police after Powell's name was passed to him by a former Bishop of Monmouth, Dominic Walker.
He first heard the allegation when he was a vicar counselling young adults in the 1980s.
The claim is being examined by Operation Fenbridge, one of a number of police probes into ‘Establishment paedophile rings'.
It includes an investigation by the Independent Police Complaints Commission into claims that officers dropped their inquiries under pressure from the establishment.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A Church of England spokesman said: ‘The name of Enoch Powell was passed to Operation Fenbridge by one of our safeguarding team on the instruction of Bishop Paul Butler.'
Mr Walker is believed to have warned the Right Rev Butler that at the time he was told of the claims against Powell, unsubstantiated allegations of satanic rituals were widespread.
In 1994, an investigation by the London School of Economics into 84 alleged cases of ‘satanic abuse' in the UK between 1987 and 1992, found no corroborative evidence.
Enoch Powell's frontline political career ended abruptly in 1968 after he made his infamous ‘rivers of blood' speech warning about the dangers of uncontrolled immigration.
Tory leader Edward Heath sacked him from the Shadow Cabinet the following day, although Powell remained an MP until 1974.
Although Powell was a Tory, his intellectual and oratorical skills earned him admirers on both sides of the political divide.
A devout member of the Church of England, he had two daughters with his wife Pamela.
Last night, Simon Heffer, Powell's official biographer and former confidante, branded the allegations ‘absolute nonsense' and without foundation.
Raise your hand if you thought the sci-fi MMO Anarchy Online went under sometime around 2007. Surprise! You're wrong. And not only is it still around, it was actually just given a major facelift that has an impact on almost every aspect of the game.
Released yesterday, the 18.7 (count 'em!) update adds a brand-new starting area for new players, Arete Landing, which is a shuttle port adjacent to the renovated ICC headquarters on Rubi-Ka. Arete Landing contains a new series of quests, with an increased amount of experience awarded to players over the first 30 levels. Missions will now grant 1000 extra credits as a completion reward, and new characters will also move faster than they did previously.
The ICC renovations mean the headquarters now offers general stores and an FC shop/Phasefront dungeon, there's a subway entrance, the Unicorn Lander in Andromeda has been moved to the HQ and now has a proper door, and fast access to the Temple of Three Winds/Inner Sanctum has been made exclusive to the ICC. Major changes have also been made to professions, battlestations, vendors, various quests, the item shop, and more.
It's an extensive overhaul, and while I won't pretend to be familiar enough with the game to have any idea what "a Ganking Uncle Pumpkin-Head with a slow spawn timer" is, I do have a legitimate and very sincere admiration for its durability. Anarchy Online has never been a big player on the MMO scene, nor does it attract the visceral level of interest among non-players that EVE Online sometimes manages to stir up, and yet it's somehow managed to last 14 years in a genre that's famous for eating its young. That's impressive.
A full breakdown of the changes in the 18.7 update has been posted in the Anarchy Online forums. And if you're intrigued by the idea of an MMO that's almost old enough to drive and want to know more—it went free-to-play in 2004—hit up anarchy-online.com.
A judge threw out a convicted killer's death sentence Friday, saying the jury improperly relied on the "eye for an eye" teachings of the Bible to reach its decision.
Judge John Vigil ordered a new sentencing hearing for Robert Harlan, who was convicted in 1995 of kidnapping, raping and murdering Rhonda Maloney, 25. He also shot a passerby who tried to help, leaving her paralyzed.
"If any case merits the death penalty, there cannot be serious debate about this case being that case," Vigil wrote. "The death penalty, however, must be imposed in a constitutional manner.
"Jury resort to biblical code has no place in a constitutional death penalty proceeding," he said.
Harlan had appealed, arguing that the Bible is not part of Colorado law.
Prosecutors, who plan to appeal, said the use of biblical passages could not have influenced the verdict and that passages were only read for comfort and inspiration.
Several of the 12 jurors said they wrote down references from the Bible on note cards and read them aloud in the deliberation room.
USC's Su'a Cravens and Stanford's Kevin Hogan know each other from Pac-12 competition over the past three seasons. They're training at the same facility for the NFL Combine and made a Super Bowl wager.
According to Cravens, the former USC standout bet on the Panthers while the Stanford alum took the Broncos. Because Denver won 24-10, Cravens now has to pay up: for one week, he has to hang a fathead poster of Hogan throwing a touchdown against USC. Hogan offered Cravens two touchdowns to choose from as decoration.
So I bet on the panthers… And now I have to get a giant fathead of Kevin Hogan in my damn room throwing a TD pass against USC😑😑😑 Article continues below ... — Su'a Cravens (@ovo_suu) February 8, 2016
If Carolina defeated Denver and USC's Cravens had won the bet, Hogan would have had a large fathead poster of him getting sacked by Cravens in his room for seven days. Instead, he'll get to remember highlights from either of Stanford's two consecutive victories over USC.
Can't wait to see my fathead on @ovo_suu wall this week. #SB50 — Kevin Hogan (@khoagie8) February 8, 2016
Bryan Kalbrosky produces digital content for FOXSports.com. For more, follow him on Twitter @BryanKalbrosky.
Follow @BryanKalbrosky
The following story first appeared on Role Reboot.
I am a serial cheater.
I know many people would look at me and feel disgust or sadness if they knew my secrets, and perhaps they should. I feel these things toward myself often.
My marriage has never been perfect, on either end, but my husband believes me to be faithful for the better part of the last eight years. I lie to him, or rather, omit the truth. I have cheated on him with five people in the past two years, and more before that.
I seek them out. Sometimes online, sometimes I meet them casually at a bar. I have been blessed (or cursed) with good looks, charm, humor, and a vulnerability that draws men to me. I know this, and I use it to get my fix. I know exactly what I need to do to get a specific man in bed with me. If I'm at a bar, I even know what kind of drink I should order piquing his interest. It's a science to me, and I have my PhD.
I'm not a sex addict, I'm not looking for love (my husband gives me both regularly). For me, it's a form of self-medicating a traumatic childhood. Yet it does not work, as it only leaves me feeling angry, empty, and filled with more self-loathing.
SPONSORED
My upbringing was inconsistent, and horrifically verbally and physically abusive, in particular from my father. So, yeah, I have daddy issues. Seriously fucking huge daddy issues. I have struggled with bipolar disorder for years, which I believe was triggered by both genetics and childhood trauma.
My husband loves me, but somehow it's not enough. I rationalize why it's OK to cheat. He was obsessed with porn early in our marriage to an unhealthy level, he neglects me, he doesn't consult me for major decisions, he is often far away, etc. Some of these reasons may be legitimate enough to end a relationship, but I am not emotionally prepared to leave him or to turn my children's world upside down, so I simply use those reasons as validation for my cheating.
His love is grounding to me, and I need it, however dysfunctional it may be at times. The fleeting touch of other men is reassurance that I am still desirable, nothing more. It's a cheap, temporary ego boost. It counteracts the years of verbal venom my dad spewed at me, telling 12-year-old me I was trash, a worthless whore. Yet, I wonder, what have I become?
An affair gives me things my marriage cannot. I feel a rush, the touch of new skin, of being physically desired by someone new. The intensity of urgent sex, and all the things people say and do when they are new lovers. And then, a few hours or weeks later, it's done. I suddenly snap out of it, the high wears off, and the emptiness creeps in. I cry, I scream into my pillow, I feel a rush of anxiety that I can only fix by pouring myself into work.
I wonder why I cannot stop entirely, or just end my marriage. It's because I'm weak, and so damaged. Then I feel like a coward for calling myself damaged. Like I'm not strong enough to just admit I'm a bad person. I look at my life, and the things I value, those I have helped, how I love those close to me, and it doesn't feel like I'm a bad person.
But then I look at the cheating, and all I see is bad.
I've read articles about the psychology behind a serial cheater, somehow looking for some magic fix for my psyche. These articles tell me I have Narcissistic Personality Disorder, or Borderline Personality Disorder, or that I lack the ability to feel empathy or guilt. They imply that I would torture small animals in the woods and walk away smiling (never mind that I rescue any wounded critter that crosses my path).
I wonder, can I ever be fixed, and do I want to be fixed? Sometimes I think confronting my past would break me and render me totally useless, and the cheating sustains me enough to get by, with less collateral damage. I justify it this way too, I suppose.
I use protection, I give my love only to my husband, all I share with others is my body, and I choose my outings in such a way that I do not even have to lie to my husband about where I am going, because he trusts me.
I can talk to no one about this, because our society has decided that cheaters are usually just horny men, or occasionally, women craving the love and affection that is missing in their marriage. There is somehow less tolerance for sins of the flesh, than any other kind of vice. It feels sometimes that we are more tolerant of someone who robs a bank than someone who has sex outside of a relationship. Truth be told, I feel like if it were not cheating, it would have been drinking or drugs, probably at a much higher cost to my immediate family. I don't wish to defend my actions, simply to explain them, which is something I feel so blocked from doing without an extreme level of judgement.
I have no crazy agenda for writing this. It is not to glorify affairs, or to plead my case and show the world that “not all cheaters are bad.” If anything, it's to say this: There is no one standard profile of a cheater. We are not all sex addicts, heartless men, or women looking for “missing love.” Sometimes cheating is a side effect of a much larger, more broken picture, but stigma prevents an open dialogue.
As I write this, I do not know how to fix what I've broken, or what has been broken inside me. And so I will pour myself into work, and hope that someday I can talk about this without such a level of judgement. Until then, the cycle continues.
Lea is an artist and writer living in the Southwest. She enjoys trail running in the mountains, and has an addiction to expensive tea.
South Carolina coach Steve Spurrier is the best at many things. He's the best at hatin', he's the best at poking fun at Nick Saban, and now he's looking to conquer Twitter. So far, he still has a lot to learn:
However, despite the rough first attempt, Spurrier has a lot of fans on the edge of their seats, waiting to see what he'll say next. He only has two tweets, but already has more than 50,000 followers, for the outstanding ratio of 25,350 followers per tweet.
That's a ratio far better than any other college football head coach. Among coaches with 30,000 or more followers, star tweeter and avid Judge Judy fan Jim Harbaugh has the second-best ratio, while current Youngstown State coach and former Nebraska coach Bo Pelini comes in third.
Women find scarred men attractive when looking for a fling
Harrison Ford, seen here as Indiana Jones, has a visible scar on his chin. Researchers say western women may associate scars with health and bravery
Scars may boost a man's sex appeal - but only if a woman is looking for a short relationship.
Women view men with scars as being adventurous, macho and brave, according to Liverpool University research.
But once a woman becomes a mother, she is likely to dump the 'bad boy' in favour of a more caring, sharing sort.
The finding could go some way to explain the allure of film star Harrison Ford, whose scarred chin is the result of a car accident when he was in his 20s.
Academics investigated how scarring might influence how the sexes pick partners for both long-term and short-term relationships.
According to the findings, perhaps unsurprisingly, men find women with or without scars attractive.
Dr Rob Burriss, from the University of Liverpool's School of Biological Sciences, said: 'Male and female participants were shown images of faces that displayed scarring from injury or illness, and were asked to rate how attractive they found the person for long-term and short-term relationships.
'Women may have rated scarring as an attractive quality for short-term relationships because they found it be a symbol of masculinity, a feature that is linked to high testosterone levels and an indicator of good genetic qualities that can be passed on to offspring.
'Men without scars, however, could be seen as more caring and therefore more suitable for long-term relationships.
'The results demonstrate that we may have more in common with non-Western cultures than previously thought.
'The perception that scarring is a sign of strength is a view shared by the Yanomamo tribe of Venezuela for example, who use face-paint to accentuate scars that result from ritualised club fights designed to test a man's endurance against repeated strikes to the head.
'The assumption that scarring is a sign of bravery is also consistent with the historical tradition of academic fencing in Western culture, whereby scarring on a man was often evidence of his courage and ability to withstand an opponent's blow.'
The research is published in the journal of Personality and Individual Differences.
You can take the online face preference test at www.oraclelab.co.uk
Annual rate fell in England and Wales but increased slightly in Scotland, with overall figure down 202 to 5,668
The suicide rate in Britain fell by 4.7% last year to the lowest level since 2011, with prevention work in England credited for the drop.
The rate fell in England and Wales, although the rate in Wales is generally more erratic because of its smaller population, but increased slightly in Scotland. Overall there were 10.1 suicides per 100,000 in 2016, compared with 10.6 in the previous 12 months.
Male suicide: Gender should not be a death sentence | Simon Gunning Read more
It was the third consecutive year in which suicide rates have fallen in Britain as the number registered dropped by 202 or 3.4% to 5,668.
A spokeswoman for the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said: “The recent decline in the suicide rate is likely to be due to the suicide prevention work in England by the government, the NHS, charities, the British Transport Police and others.
“The national suicide pevention strategy for England has included work to reduce the risk of suicide in high-risk groups. These include young and middle-aged men, people in the care of mental health services, and those in the criminal justice system.”
The proportion of male suicides was 75% last year, which has remained broadly consistent since the early 1990s. Middle-aged men remain the group at greatest risk.
Citing research by the Samaritans, the ONS says relationship breakdown can contribute to suicide risk, which is greatest among divorced men, who are almost three times more likely to end their lives than men who are married or in a civil partnership.
The suicide rate for males fell by 3.1% to 15.7 per 100,000 males last year, while the rate for females decreased 9.4% to 4.8 per 100,000 after the latter hit a 10-year high in 2015.
Suicide rates
Inequality is another major risk factor, with people among the most deprived 10% of society more than twice as likely to kill themselves than the least deprived 10%, according to the ONS.
Suicide rates generally fell between 1981 and 2007 before rising again to hit a peak of 11.1 deaths per 100,000 in 2013, although that was still substantially lower than the rates in the 80s and 90s.
The Samaritans chief executive, Ruth Sutherland, welcomed last year's fall but said the number of deaths was still too high. “Every suicide is a tragedy leaving devastation in its wake,” she said.
“These figures emphasise the urgency with which we as a society need to work together to prevent needless loss of life.”
The charity is campaigning for every area to have an effective suicide plan. The government's latest progress report on preventing suicide in England, published in January, found that 95% of local authorities “have plans in place or in development”.
Sutherland said: “Suicide is not inevitable, it's preventable, and politicians, employers, health bodies and educators all have a role in identifying and supporting those most at risk.”
The chair of the Local Government Association's community wellbeing board, Izzi Seccombe, said a commitment was needed to invest in local government to help tackle mental illness and prevent suicide.
“Suicide is preventable, but it needs to be everybody's business to work together to tackle this tragic loss of life,” she said.
The suicide rate in England dropped from 10.1 per 100,000 people in 2015 to 9.5 last year, a decrease the ONS described as statistically significant. In Wales it fell from 13.0 to 11.8, but in Scotland it rose from 14.0 to 15.0.
The ONS says differences in Scotland's coroner system and the way that suicides are certified and registered there make comparisons with the rest of Britain inappropriate.
In the UK, the Samaritans can be contacted on 116 123. In the US, the National Suicide Prevention Hotline is 1-800-273-8255. In Australia, the crisis support service Lifeline is on 13 11 14.
• This article was amended on 14 September 2017. An earlier version said that the number of suicides in 2016 was 5,688. That was due to a mistake in the ONS bulletin, which has since been corrected to 5,668.
A late decision by the Financial Times to refuse to publish an advert hostile to the oil company Shell has outraged the UK branch of Amnesty International.
The paper left it until the last possible moment to pull the hard-hitting ad, which was due to appear today to coincide with Shell's annual meeting in London. The ad, shown here, accuses Shell of an appalling human rights record in Nigeria. Next to a wine glass overflowing with oil, it reads: "While Shell toasts $9.8bn profits, the people of the Niger Delta are having to drink polluted water. They're also having to grow crops in polluted soil. To catch fish in polluted rivers. And to raise children in polluted homes. So if you've got shares in Shell, ask the board to explain themselves when they raise their glasses at today's agm. Cheers."
Amnesty, writing about the FT's decision on its website, claims that "numerous oil spills, which have not been adequately cleaned up, have left local communities [in Nigeria] with little option but to drink polluted water, eat contaminated fish, farm on spoiled land, and breathe in air that stinks of oil and gas."
Tim Hancock, Amnesty International UK's campaigns director, is quoted as saying:
The decision by the Financial Times is extremely disappointing. We gave them written reassurances that we would take full responsibility for the comments and opinions stated in the advertisement. Both The Metro and the Evening Standard had no problems with running the ad.
But an FT spokesman, quoted by Press Gazette, said: "Editorially, the FT was more than willing to run the advertisement for Amnesty. Unfortunately, whilst Amnesty gave us written assurances that they would take full responsibility for the comments and opinions stated in the advertisement, it became apparent that Amnesty's lawyers had not had a proper opportunity to advise Amnesty on those opinions. As a result, from a legal perspective we were unable to rely on Amnesty's assurances."
Amnesty's Hancock explained that the funds to pay for the advertisements came from more than 2,000 individuals online. "I am sure these supporters will share with us our sense of deep disappointment," he said.
Amnesty International also today launched an online video focusing on Shell's practice of gas flaring (the burning of gas produced as part of oil extraction) in the same region.
Index on Censorship also weighed in on Amnesty's behalf. A blog entry on its website refers to "sources" who say the paper "variously claimed that it was wary of libel claims and that the ad might be in poor taste, as some readers might mistake the oil in the glass for blood."
The blogger, Padraig Reidy, writes: "It's extremely unlikely that Shell would sue. The company is quite keen on promoting its social credentials, and even a successful trip to court would more than likely involve an unpleasant trawl through the unfortunate effects of the oil industry."
He then asks: "Was it a commercial decision? Again, who knows? Big oil companies tend not to be so thin-skinned that they would pull money from a prestige publication such as the FT merely because it had carried a critical advert."
And he concludes: "It is genuinely quite hard to think of a good reason for the FT to pull this ad."
I think I agree too. The explanation from the FT spokesman is less than transparent. Now, what was the paper's old promotional slogan? No FT, No Comment. Perhaps a new one would read: No FT ad, No Knowledge.
By Vikram Sharma By
NEW DELHI: Niti, Uttarakhand: In sharp contrast to the metal-topped roads, rail links, air strips, radar systems, fuel depots and other state-of-the-art infrastructure on the Chinese side, the Indian Army convoys that were moved to Joshimath from different places were vastly hampered by the poor infrastructure on the Indian side. Some of the units arrived here from Dehradun, about 300 km away, navigating landslide-prone zig-zagging roads. But their hardest task was the last 100 km stretch from Joshimath to Barahoti and Niti Pass.
Mobilephones go dead at Tapovan, 15 km beyond Josihmath. Further starts a slushy path. Driver of an army truck said it took the army 11 hours to complete the stretch. Since they were moving heavy artillery and men, they were vulnerable to landslides. If darkness falls midway, the trucks were forced to stop.
As it rained heavily on many days, the frequency of shooting stones and landslides increased, making it impossible for troops to move forward. “On August 15, some 32 vehicles crossed Malari village and many of them got stuck en route due to landslides. Earth movers had to be summoned by satellite phones,'' said a local police official.
Many of the Army and ITBP truck drivers were new to the terrain. No help came from locals in many villages because several of them, from Tapovan to Jumma, Malari, Kurkuti, Bampa, Gamshali and Niti, have been emptied out due to out-migration from the hills.
“If there were better roads, mobile connectivity, hospitals, and petrol bunks, it would aid the mobility of the forces. More than the real enemy, these factors hinder us before we reach the battle front,'' said an ITBP jawan.
Despite the war of 1962, no government since then has paid attention to improving infrastructure along the LAC. Only on a few stretches of this path have new roads being laid and workers said it would take a long time before the last mile is covered. Work on this terrain is difficult, but then it's the same on the Chinese side. There are several small and big bridges in this area, but these were repaired by the Border Roads Organisation (BRO) only just before the troops' movement began. Many bridges that were in a bad shape were only patched up for movement of artillery and men. A drive on these bridges is dizzying, for the cliff falls off steeply down to the Dhauli Ganga river.
Senior officials in Uttarakhand were loath to admitting that the infrastructure on this side of LAC is inadequate when compared to what Beijing has done on its side. But, ever since the Doklam standoff, BRO has stepped up work on the roads. “There have been several proposals for highways, railway lines, air bases, logistics and other infrastructure. But for some reason, they remained on paper for decades. Now that we had the Doklam standoff, hopefully the government will focus on infrastructrure here,” a senior official said.India and China share a 3,488 km border that arcs over several Himalayan states. In Uttarakhand, a 345 km line passes by Barahoti, a grassland in Chamoli district. It has seen frequent incursions by the Chinese.
Despite the war of 1962, no government since then has paid heed to improving infrastructure along the line of actual control
The hardest task was the last 100-km stretch from joshimath to barahoti and niti pass.
it took army 11 hours to cross this stretch
While the nation's eyes were riveted on the war of eyeballs at Doklam, the Indian Army was battling another set of adversities on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Uttarakhand just so as to be prepared should any hostilities break out. A visit to the frontier by this correspondent, even as the ‘expeditious disengagement' at Doklam was being announced, brought home the odds India's military faces in securing India's borders in this arc of the LAC.
The path up to Barahoti, Niti Pass and other areas close to the LAC is treacherous. It's a narrow snaky path with the sheer drop of the mountain on one side and a steep valley on the other. Landslides and shooting stones are a possibility at any time. A misjudgment by an inch or two can result in a plunge down the valley with absolutely no hope of survival. Get caught in a landslide and there is no guarantee how long one could be stuck here without help.
There's no mobile phone connectivity throughout the 100 km stretch and not a single fuel station. Plus, at heights above 16,000 ft, oxygen is rare and high-altitude pulmonary oedema can be a killer. In case the situation demands travel at night, this is nothing but a deadly game of Russian roulette.
Ever since the Doklam standoff began between India and China, hundreds of trucks transported artillery equipment and thousands of men up this treacherous stretch from Joshimath to the LAC. The heavy movement of artillery and troops was carried out amid fears that a ‘limited action' could take place on this front instead of at Doklam. Repeated incursions by Chinese troops here indicated that possibility.
The Elite Football League of India launched this summer to yawning indifference from audiences in the sub-continent and curious derision from observers in the U.S. Importing American football — shoulder pads, helmets, down markers, and all — to a country where even rugby is a fifth-rung sport seemed foolhardy, but league officials, citing the paucity of sports on Indian television and the expanding desires of a swelling middle class, were convinced of the EFLI's prospects. This despite the admitted weaknesses in their product. Talking to the New York Times, Richard Whelan, the American CEO of the sports venture, disparaged his own league even as he touted its potential. “It's an absolute joke compared to the NFL,” he said. “But it's not a joke compared to anything else on Indian sports television, and that's all we're going up against.”
In other words, even if the Indian, Pakistani, and Sri Lankan players who suited up had little to no prior experience playing the world's most byzantine sport, the on-field drama inherent to football would convince Indian audiences to throw down their cricket bats, order some nachos, and tune in -- or at least be intrigued enough to merit a second season.
Whelan may have been dismissive but he wasn't exactly wrong. My summers in India as a child were spent flipping between reruns of cricket matches, reruns of professional wrestling, and reruns of more cricket matches. Live cricket, because of its culture-consuming vastness, can be something of a thrill. When weeks old, however, cricket no longer excites. These days, as India's ballooning middle class is yearning for more things to consume, sports are picking up. F1 racing is marginally popular, and Bollywood stars have made cricket a sexier (and shorter) sport with the Indian Premier League. Soccer, meanwhile, has made the most headway — Chelsea and Arsenal jerseys have become popular street wear.
But those hoping to seize upon India's exploding sports and youth culture should take note of the EFLI's poor media strategy: If you import crap product at least give your audience a bit of credit for sophistication. Because the competition for Indian eyes and ad revenue is about to get more competitive.
This September the Ultimate Fight Championship announced that it will be taking a shot at India. In partnership with the Indian satellite channel SONY SIX, the world's biggest MMA promotion will be airing The Ultimate Fighter: India in the coming year. Replicating successful models of expansion in Brazil and Australia, TUF India will offer a UFC contract to the winner of a reality-show-styled-but-very-real tournament. So, will the UFC's efforts resemble those of Whelan and company and leave the joys and subtleties of MMA lost in cultural translation? Or is there something universal about choking someone out and kicking someone in the head that will transcend those boundaries.
The answer seems simple. Fighting, martial combat, the grappling of limbs is, if anything, the closest sport comes to non-sport, a Hobbesian version of life — nasty, brutish, and short — made real. India like every country I can think of, has indigenous, homegrown styles of wrestling and grappling that, with the right encouragement, could support the rise of a true UFC fighter, and a true MMA fanbase.
At the press conference in Mumbai on September 11, 2011, announcing TUF India, Man Jit Singh, CEO of SIX's parent company, pointed to India's “long legacy of Kushti,” and hoped that “our fighters from the akharas and gyms will progress and eventually become UFC champions.” Kushti is a centuries-old grappling discipline. Fighters live and train in monastery-like schools called akharas and abstain from alcohol and sex while surviving on a vegetarian diet of protein-rich dairy and nuts. Kushti wrestling matches take place in mud pits that are infused with clarified butter, or ghee, which causes the mud to stick to wrestlers' bodies. Looking at pictures from the akharas, it's as if the fighters emerge fully formed from the earth, nobly slicked with the muck of existence.
Kushti is a waning subculture, one that's cordoned off from mainstream Indian culture and probably even less popular than rugby, but it holds the promise of adding something particularly Indian to the polyglot mix of UFC disciplines. Just as college wrestling has produced a crop of excellent UFC fighters, so too could Kushti add another set of fighting ideas to the growing knowledge base of MMA and help create new ways for one person to beat up another.
After all, Hinduism's greatest epic is the Mahabharata, a dynastic struggle between two warring branches of the same royal family tree. The final battle for control of the kingdom in that legend isn't a clash of two mighty armies but a surreptitious one-on-one contest between the best warriors of either side -- Duryodhana (the bad guy) and Bhima (the good guy). That fight ends with a low blow. Whatever it takes, I guess, to wear the crown.
For more India-related MMA stories, check out:
Jonathan Brookins Is Leaving for India
Bravery Medal for South West man who saved driver and dog from sinking car off Molloy Island
Updated
A man who jumped into a river to a save an elderly driver and his pet dog from a sinking car is one of two West Australians who have been awarded medals in the Australian Bravery Awards.
Robin Evernden has been recognised for his actions almost a year ago near Molloy Island, a small piece of land surrounded by the Blackwood and Scott rivers near Augusta.
Mr Everndon, the manager of the island, was about to set off on a barge from the mainland when a man accidentally drove off the ferry and into the Blackwood River.
"An elderly gentleman came down and his car accelerated onto the barge and broke through the gates on the riverside, ending up in the river a few metres away from the barge," Mr Evernden said.
"We had to get in the water initially, but trying to get to a car that's floating is a bit like a ping-pong ball in a river.
"So I ended up going back to the barge and taking the barge out to him."
After some quick thinking, Mr Evernden managed to wedge one of the ramps from the barge into the car to keep it from sinking completely.
"I was able to reassure [the driver] all the time the car was above water," he said.
"It filled up with water and I couldn't see him anymore because the car was basically submerged at that point. It must have been pretty scary for him.
"[He] had managed to get into the rear of the car, so still in an air bubble at the back, and at that point that's when it all got a bit tricky.
"We had to break the window and lie down and get my arms inside and try to find him, made contact and everything, and managed to get his head out the window so he could get some air into him.
"He did exactly as I told him. [I] pushed him back in so he could push with his legs and he popped out like a cork coming out a bottle.
"And it was just a case of dragging him up on the barge and going back for the dog."
Mr Everndon said while he was not a strong swimmer, he knew he was under pressure.
"You don't have any time to think about what ifs and everything; you just get on and do what you've got to do, and that's what happened.
"It's nice for recognition so thanks to whoever it was who nominated me.
"I got a very good report from the local boys later on, accusing me of being [comic book superhero] Aquaman and such things."
Publican says drunk patrons prepared him for bank robber
Meanwhile, Collie's Crown Hotel publican Mark McCarthy has also been awarded a Bravery Medal after he chased and wrestled a man who had robbed two banks and held him until police arrived.
Mr McCarthy had been walking his pet dog in February last year when a bank worker ran out onto the street saying they had been robbed.
Mr McCarthy spotted the robber and sprang into action, leaving his dog with a stranger.
"[The robber] didn't look very harmless at the time or very dangerous at the time, so I thought I'd take off after him," he said.
I didn't see it as a threat, I just saw it as something I could help with at the time. Collie publican Mark McCarthy
"I guessed he was looking for his ride, that's what I was picturing, and then he ran into the second bank which was on the other side of town ... and I'd just about caught up to him by then."
The culprit proceeded to rob the second bank before being confronted by Mr McCarthy.
"He was in there for a few minutes and then when he came out I just grabbed hold of him," he said.
Mr McCarthy tackled the robber to the ground and held him until police arrived.
"They were a bit shocked when they got there that I'd already done their job for them," he said.
Mr McCarthy said looking back, there was a bit of stupidity in his decision to chase the man.
"It wasn't until after I thought, 'well you'd be silly to rob a bank without anything', but I guess it was spur of the moment and it just sort of happened.
"I did have a moment where I stopped and thought 'maybe this guy's got a gun or maybe this guy's got a knife' or probably the biggest worry was 'maybe this guy's got a syringe'."
Mr McCarthy said his work dealing with intoxicated patrons had prepared him for the incident.
"Collie's pretty good. We have very few incidents but you are in a position where you sort of have to be quite firm with the patrons when alcohol's involved," he said.
"And if you can keep firm you can eliminate a lot of problems, so I guess part of that was instilled into me.
"I didn't see it as a threat, I just saw it as something I could help with at the time."
Topics: people, emergency-incidents, molloy-island-6290, collie-6225
First posted
Acknowledging his limitations, he researched other sports over the years for guidance. He found it in the teachings of the legendary basketball coaches John Wooden and Bob Knight as well as in a video made by Dalton McCrary, a golf coach who espouses the notion of an ideal swing speed. Applying that idea to bowling, Straub developed mechanics that he perceived as easily repeatable.
For proprietary reasons, he asked that his philosophy for each of those 10 bullet points, typed in a paragraph or two, remain private. But those within the sport can recognize a Lady Husker — with her exaggerated push away of the ball, her controlled body movement and her straight walk, arm swing and follow-through — from the opposite end of a bowling center.
The training can be taxing, both physically and mentally. After those early practices, coaches meet with each bowler and let her evaluate herself before charting a pathway to improvement. Allison Morris, a redshirt freshman from Ann Arbor, Mich., said she spent a full month of practices last season doing the same drill, in which she took only one step before releasing the ball, to streamline her delivery.
“You might be the best, or among the best, but you come here, with so many accomplished bowlers, it's a real ego check,” Morris said.
Gazmine Mason, a senior from Cranston, R.I., said she rebelled as a freshman. “Coach isn't going to change for one person,” she said. “You come here and don't like it, you find a way to like it or you leave.”
Those who stay work on their aggressiveness by flinging balls from five or six feet away into a contraption called Brad, named for Kim Straub's brother, with a hole in the middle at about stomach height. To refine their release, they spin cue balls on a pool table or toss footballs in the air.
People who build homes in Metro Vancouver say they are bracing for serious losses over the next few months, as the effect of the 15 per cent real estate tax on foreign buyers penetrates the market.
Bob de Wit, CEO of the Greater Vancouver Home Builders' Association, is predicting the loss of 5,000 jobs in the region by the beginning of December.
That's about 10 per cent of approximately 50,000 people in the region directly involved in the home construction trade, including electricians, plumbers and framers, among others.
De Wit said within days of the tax announcement in late July, building contracts started to vanish.
"I was surprised at how quick it was," he said. "The very next day we were getting emails from our members about contracts falling through."
More job losses to come
Christy Clark's Liberal government introduced the 15 per cent tax on foreign buyers — with the aim to increase affordability in the housing market — in late July, with no exemptions for pre-existing contracts. The tax took effect in early August, just seven days after it was announced.
De Wit said many of the early construction contracts that collapsed were with recent home buyers who were suddenly subject to the tax, and who balked at paying for renovation work on properties that would now cost more.
He now expects some larger building projects that are in the early stages of construction to collapse or scale down, forcing layoffs in the trades.
That's because banks demand a certain percentage of units to be pre-sold before financing is approved, and de Wit said foreign buyers who have recently made those purchases — and who haven't paid much yet — may walk away from the deals and leave the projects in jeopardy.
"This is happening — it's happening," he said.
"There are new communities in Burke Mountain that have a lot of foreign buyers. West Vancouver — some communities have a high percentage."
Looking ahead, he said the industry will come back, but he's bracing for fewer home starts in the long run, and uncertainty until the market levels out.
"Every time you have a disrupted economy it's nerve-wracking," said de Wit.
"If you're in the shoes of the construction worker who will lose their job because this policy [the foreign buyer tax] you'd feel differently about it."
Will tax improve affordability?
De Wit said he supports measures to improve housing affordability, especially for people in the construction trade, where the average salary is about $55,000 per year.
But he argues the tax won't achieve that. Rather, he believes the government introduced the tax to score political points ahead of the provincial election next spring.
The multiplier effect
James Brander, a professor at the University of British Columbia's Sauder School of Business, said the loss of 5,000 jobs over a short period of time — as predicted by de Wit — would be significant.
He says if that happens there could be even more job losses in other industries connected to home construction, such as transportation and appliance sales.
"We're also talking about individual workers who maybe lose their jobs, get laid off, or don't work as much, who don't earn as much, who spend less," he said.
"They maybe don't go out to restaurants, so people in the restaurant industry lose jobs."
Brander said the spillover effect often gets exaggerated, but he said it's reasonable to believe another 1,000 to 2,000 jobs could be lost over and above the initial 5,000 predicted.
New brews, new variants and old favorites with new clothes.
It's almost mid-January. Our stout stashes are half-depleted, the Winter DIPAs are beginning their roll outs, and we're learning of what's to come from our favorite breweries over the course of 2017, all while seeing some new brews unexpectedly show up at local bottle shops.
Rogue Ales is the latest brewery to get in on all that anticipatory fun, as they have just release their 2017 craft beer release calendar. To boot, as we've come to expect from Rogue of late, they're doing it in fully Millennial-approved fashion.
As your eyes go crossed from watching Rogue's promotional gif featuring some brand-new packaging, you might notice that the Dead Guy Ale can appear more than once in the shuffle. The reason for that is Rogue has decided to build on the popularity of their famous German Maibock-inspired ale this year by offering two new variants of Dead Guy. That's right — a barrel-aged Dead Guy will rise in 2017, as well as a variant dubbed Dead Guy Glow.
Also joining Dead Guy on the official release calendar for the first time are Shakespear Oatmeal Stout, which uses Rogue Farms malt and hops, rolled oats and free range coastal water, and Hazelutely Chocutabulous, the sweet combination of two other Rogue favorites that's being called a candy bar in a bottle.
In addition to the new limited releases, many of your favorite Rogue beers are coming back but in new packaging, like cans for Yellow Snow and 6 Hops IPA. And yes, there will be a new Voodoo Doughnut release in 2017, whose flavor is currently TBD.
One particular release to be on the lookout for this year is Rogue's first sour beer. Released for the first time in 2016, Paradise Pucker is a Hawaiian-inspired sour ale, brewed with with passion fruit, orange and guava.
You can check out the full Rouge Ales craft beer portfolio anytime here.
About Rogue Ales & Spirits
Rogue Ales & Spirits is an agri-fermenter founded in Oregon in 1988 as one of America's first microbreweries. Rogue has won more than 1,800 awards for taste, quality and packaging and is available in all 50 states as well as 54 countries. Since 2008, Rogue has remained committed to saving the terroir of Oregon hops, barley, rye, wheat, honey, jalapeños, and pumpkins one acre at a time by growing its own.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the bizarre moment a woman danced with a box of M&Ms on her head while holding a sign that read 'black candy matters' during a live Channel 4 news report.
The woman performed the strange dance for the cameras as Gary Gibbon, speaking from Philadelphia, discussed Theresa May's visit to the US.
In the clip, the woman shimmies back and forth while balancing the box of chocolates on her head while waving the sign around.
Meanwhile, the reporter attempts to ignore her, while talking about Theresa May's upcoming meeting with Donald Trump - the first world leader to meet with the new president.
(Image: Channel 4 News)
Amazingly, he manages to finish his report, despite the odd distraction, but the woman's presence didn't go unnoticed by viewers.
Within moments, the woman and her box of M&Ms was trending on Twitter, and the clip going viral on other social media channels.
(Image: Channel 4 News)
(Image: Channel 4 News)
One viewer tweeted: "They're going back to Philadelphia for #c4news later. I hope the M&Ms box hat woman becomes a thing as I want to be her friend."
Hayley Barlow, Head of Communications for Channel 4 News added: "For those asking, I've no idea why Philly protester with box of M&Ms on her head made impromptu appearance during Gary Gibbons #c4news live.
Yadav Singh
Former engineer-in-chief of Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway Authority Yadav Singh is relaxed and quite confident he will come out of any probe untouched, says his aide.
The aide told MAIL TODAY on Tuesday, "He is comfortable with the I-T men because he has legally fortified himself. The I-T department officials have found some documents, cash and jewellery which only prove he evaded tax. They have also got something which suggests his family members and cronies assembled disproportionate wealth. But such things don't bother him, because he knows that many bureaucrats and politicians are backing him."
He added, "Imposing a fine is the maximum they can do. They cannot do anything more in a case in which black money was not used for anti-national activities. Very soon, you will find it is just a case of financial irregularity. He has been taken to Jaipur for interrogation. But he laughs off the questions of the I-T officials and asks them to proceed against him with whatever they have in hand."
Yadav Singh's bungalow was among the properties that were raided by the I-T department in relation to a Rs 900-crore scam. Yadav Singh's bungalow was among the properties that were raided by the I-T department in relation to a Rs 900-crore scam.
The reason behind Singh's confidence is loud and clear. It is noteworthy that Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, who had re-appointed Singh on the same post from where he was suspended on corruption charges, has refrained from taking any action against him. When asked about his take on Singh's Rs 900-crore assets, Akhilesh, speaking in Faizabad two days ago, told media persons, "We are here to have sweets in a marriage ceremony. Leave other things aside and enjoy."
UP Lokayukta Justice N.K. Mehrotra who was probing the irregularities in the Noida farm house allotments during Singh's previous tenure had also closed the case on October 14 this year. Mehrotra said, "We didn't find anything against him. Interestingly, the complainants in the case, including BJP leaders Kirit Somaiya and Surya Pratap Shahi, didn't turn up to pursue it when notices were issued to them." State BJP president Laxmikant Bajpai said, "UP government had, on October 27, suspended the finance officer of Barabanki district education department Raj Mani Mishra allegedly because Secondary Education Minister Mahboob Ali believed that eight rings on the officer's five fingers was an indication of his being corrupt.
The CM has suspended more than 50 officers for reporting late to office. But he doesn't find any reason to suspend Singh. This is why I demand the CBI should probe the criminal case while the ED should probe the financial irregularities." The aide, however, said, "It is not a secret that a BJP MP from Maharashtra helped Singh set up the shell companies. Obviously, the party wants central government agencies to take over the case so that they can protect the leader at the Centre."
Even BSP supremo Mayawati, always commenting on any state problem, is mum. When asked by newspersons, she said, "It would be unwise to say anything at this stage. Let us wait for completion of the inquiry."
Somaiya has alleged that Mayawati will remain silent because her brother Anand Kumar was an alleged partner of Singh in floating the shell companies to convert the black money into white.
“Hard Times”
When they originally formed in 2004, in what seems like an alternate universe from now, Paramore were a rock band. In the late 2000s they produced a kind of emo with enough surface gloss for it to flow seamlessly into the pop charts. Eventually their music started to consume pop, but from unusual angles; their 2014 single “Ain't it Fun” is built off of a kind of diagonal, funky rhythm that sounds constructed from someone's memory of a Paula Abdul or Janet Jackson hit, wrought for maximum danceability. After a three year absence, Paramore returned this week, and they've reshuffled a bit—subtracting bassist Jeremy Davis and re-adding founding drummer Zac Farro—but they still conduct a consistent fluorescence, feeling at times less like a straightforward rock band than a shifting Rubik's Cube. For their new single, “Hard Times,” they return to the vintage rhythms that informed “Ain't it Fun,” but the new song unfolds in a context less obviously connected to rock and even further amputated from emo.
It's a deliberate simulation of the 1980s—an era of polyglot pop music, where rock would find itself embodied in pop and vice versa. Yet “Hard Times” doesn't sound like it was exhumed from the past; it renders the ‘80s as if its primary architects were Lindsey Buckingham and Tina Weymouth—Taylor York's short, spiky guitar phrases carve the song into bright triangles, and Farro's drums ripple across the frame as if pulled from an Exposé song. Over this ecstatic surface Hayley Williams sings dramatic counterpoint: “All that I want /Is a hole in the ground/You can tell me when it's all right/For me to come out.” It's a formal depiction of how depression can branch and flower through a terrarium of brightness. Even though Paramore move comfortably in the skin of pop, emo still flows through its nervous system.
Sunscreen brand Banana Boat is facing a large backlash from sunburned holidaymakers in Australia and New Zealand who claim to have been left red and blistered after using its product.
Banana Boat's Facebook page has been bombarded with messages from angry customers, telling their personal stories of sunburn anguish after using the product and going out in the sun.
The social media backlash was sparked by Australian woman Melliiee Hunter, after she published a post a few days ago including photographs of her 9-year-old son and his friend who were burned while spending Australia Day at the beach.
The boys were "lathered" in Banana Boat's sport performance SPF30 brand, she said, and she had reapplied the sunscreen after two hours.
Advertisement
However, the next day he was "glowing red", she said, and his face had begun to blister.
A pharmacist told her the boy had second degree burns to his face, she said.
Her post has been shared more than 15,000 times, and unleashed a raft of similar stories onto the suncream manufacturer's Facebook page.
Kiwi Angela Juggins vowed never to use Banana Boat again. Photo / Facebook
Alex Walsh, in Auckland, said: "I used this on my 3.5yo this week. I reapplied as per the instructions but to my horror my son still got badly burnt.
So bad that it blistered.
"I am not impressed. This isn't the first of your sun protection products that has failed me.
"I won't be purchasing from banana boat in future. Sort it out. This is dangerous."
Fellow New Zealander Angela Juggins vowed never to use Banana Boat again.
"I don't tan much instead go red so I thought this was a good product. Not only did I get burnt my family did as well as my friends family. We were in the sun a max of 4 hours and reapplied after only 2 hours. So not happy banana boat."
Manda Sharp posted a photograph of her burned and blistered face, saying: "Thanks for the blistered face banana boat!!!"
Michael Ritchie said described Banana Boat as "the most putrid sunscreen available".
"Applied your SPF50 4 times today and still got sunburnt. Cheers for that."
Gold Coast woman Alisya Glass said: "My kids got badly burnt on their face mid January from the Sport 50+ spray. Also stung their eyes badly. So expensive for this product ... thought I was buying quality but obviously not. Not happy either."
And Ellie Frances said her 7-year-old daughter was "incredibly burnt" after three hours in and out of the sun during a birthday party while wearing Banana Boat's Sports SPF50 suncream.
"She had three separate and thorough applications of it in that relatively short time of playing outside, your product isn't even remotely effective and I will be taking this further, shame on your company for allowing such a poor product to be sold! My daughter is in an incredible amount of pain and will undoubtedly be missing school because of it, what are you going to do about it?!?!"
Tegz Mee said she agreed with people who said adults needed to take responsibility for properly following the directions on the suncream, including applying and re-applying, but said she had a similar experience.
"On a 25 degree day at the zoo with full clothing, hat and sheltered pram hood and my son still got burnt after using banana boat. It burnt my face without going anywhere and gave me hives.
"There is definitely something not right about their product and that to me is a concern."
Sarah Curran-Smith said: "We used your black tube of SPF50, applied 20 mins before going in the sun, reapplied hourly due to being in a pool, all 4 children got sunburnt! You need to do something about your products and stop letting children get burnt!! This is disgusting!!"
Joshua Hendi Hendrick said the company had "lost a customer" after she got burned.
"Used your 50SPF Broad Spectrum Sport Sunscreen on Aus Day, Applied 30min before swimming and Every hour after that and still managed to get sunburnt.
"When I pay for a premium sunscreen the last thing I expect is to be sunburnt after following the products directions to a T."
However, Bec Hunt said she had no issue with Banana Boat's effectiveness.
"I have super dooper fair skin ... I've used Banana Boat sunscreens for years and never had a problem with sunburn. I've used the kiddy one for my son since he was a baby ... no sunburn, no issues."
Sairey Delmont had a similar story.
"My children do not use Banana boat as they have a reaction to it due to their Exczema.. but my partner does use Banana Boat and has never had issues at all and is in the sun all day.
"Testing a small part of ur skin or ur childs skin for a reaction is the best bet ... rather then smothering it all over and realizing they have a reaction."
Carole Krimchanski-Cooper also said she had used Banana Boat "for years".
"I apply liberally to my kids every half hour and/or each time they come out of the water ... have never had a problem.
"Great product for people with a bit of common sense. Keep up the good work Banana Boat ... your product rocks."
Amy Coleman from Tasmania said she had used the product on her children "all summer" and "have been very happy". "Even on fair skinned toddler."
Banana Boat's parent company Edgewell Personal Care told the Sydney Morning Herald it was not aware of any specific issues with its sport performance SPF30 product.
All its suncreams met tough standards and complied with Therapeutic Goods Administration regulations, Rachel Pullicino, Edgewell's marketing director, told the newspaper.
"During summer we sometimes receive complaints from consumers who have experienced sunburn," she said.
"We want to reassure our consumers that we are confident that all Banana Boat sunscreen products labelled with an SPF offer the stated level of SPF if stored and applied as directed on the label."
Another women, Lauren Stanford, who posted a photograph of her sunburned legs after a day's kayaking for her son's birthday, said she had second degree burns despite applying suncream twice between 11am and 4pm.
The company had replied to her complaint, she said, and asked for a batch number and requested she sent the bottle back for testing.
From high in the sky, the building blocks of modern Hawaii resemble colorful children's toys.
Closer up, those blocks — shipping containers stacked several floors high on docks at the edge of Honolulu — still look like toys, but for giants.
Hawaii is a giant consumer of the goods that arrive inside those large metal containers on mammoth ships from the West Coast.
They are the primary source for our groceries, clothing, equipment and construction materials, as well as many other supplies for our personal and professional lives. Various studies indicate that Hawaii imports more than 80 percent of all goods, about 90 percent of its food, and 95 percent of energy resources. The vast majority comes in on ocean vessels.
There has always been a cost to this reliance on ocean freight, which can be seen as a de facto tax on our inability to sustain ourselves in the islands. And, for generations, it has helped to drive up prices in Hawaii.
The question is how much does shipping increase our cost of living in the islands? The answer, according to experts interviewed by Civil Beat, is less than 7.5 percent — and perhaps far less.
A Matson container ship leaves Honolulu Harbor. Such vessels bring so many goods to the island that most leave Oahu empty. Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Shipping in the 21st Century
When more than 1.4 million people live on a remote archipelago in the middle of a vast ocean — as many Civil Beat readers have noted in comments on the Living Hawaii series — it isn't surprising that life is expensive.
Hawaii's reliance on shipped-in goods is often cited as a major component of the “price of paradise.”
And there is no doubt that for more than 200 years sending goods across the sea on a vessel could be difficult, complicated, dangerous and expensive. But many of the companies that transport such goods today have upgraded their processes and techniques for the 21st century.
Matson Navigation Co. — which controls between 60 percent and 70 percent of Hawaii's domestic freight market — has invested nearly $1 billion in the last decade to buy four new high-end container ships, additional equipment, fleet enhancements, terminal upgrades and tech improvements, according to a statement by the company.
Modernization has also permitted Matson and its main competitor, Horizon Lines, to offer just-in-time delivery services that allow client-companies to save money on warehousing costs.
Hawaii's Cargo Burden
Two freight companies were not willing to share information necessary to calculate the precise cost to the state each year. Representatives of Matson and Pasha Hawaii Transport Services declined to do so when asked by Civil Beat.
But the U.S. consumer price index includes a break-out on the price of goods, which are items that are mostly shipped here. The average price of these goods is 7.5 percent higher than the national average.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
So the maximum impact of freight costs on inflation is lower than that, explains University of Hawaii economist Lawrence Boyd, who notes that the overall impact must be somewhere between 0 percent and 7 percent.
It is likely substantially below the high part of that range, he says, because the price of goods, like almost everything else, is boosted by two of the major drivers of Hawaii's high prices — expensive rents and electricity.
Overall prices in the island are about 17 percent higher than the national average, according to the Consumer Price Index. The lion's share of that increase comes from the high price of usable land and expensive services, which drive up other prices throughout the islands, but other factors include Hawaii's small total market and a lack of competition in numerous fields.
“That's not just in shipping, it is in all kinds of things,” said University of Hawaii economist Carl Bonham. “And even when there is competition, it is often not as vigorous.”
Along with water transportation costs, all of these factors increase the cost of goods, although there is no precise calculation of how much.
Jeff Hull, the director of public relations for Matson Navigation, said his company — which services Guam and China, in addition to Hawaii — doesn't share breakdowns of its revenues in specific markets.
But he estimated that shipping costs add about 5 percent to the final price of goods in the islands.
Land's impact on costs is at least eight times that of shipping. The biggest drivers of Hawaii's inflation have little to do with ocean transport.
Paul Brewbaker, a former chief economist for the Bank of Hawaii who is director of TZ Economics, says that 5 percent is far too high now given the ongoing transformation of the industry.
A 2013 Hawaii Department of Business Economic Development and Tourism study calculated the price increase caused by ocean transport from the West Coast for a specific spending model. DBEDT examined how much of a $100 million increase in the retail value of a store would be due to freight costs. The conclusion: 1.75 percent of the price of goods sold at the store would be due to water transportation.
Bonham, the executive director at the University of Hawaii's Education Research Organization, said it isn't clear how widely applicable that 1.75 percent estimate is, but he believes the overall cost of shipping is “so much smaller than people think it is.”
All of these estimates, between 1.75 percent and 7.5 percent, pale in comparison to the price of rents and services in Hawaii. The Consumer Price Index pegged that cost at 59 percent more than the national average. That suggests that real estate — which includes residential, commercial and agricultural rents — is the tide that lifts all price boats in Hawaii. Land's impact on costs is at least eight times that of shipping.
Most significantly, rents and services, which are the biggest drivers of Hawaii's high costs, have little to do with ocean transport.
None of this means lower shipping costs wouldn't help Hawaii's struggling middle class, or that locals wouldn't applaud meaningful price decreases. And it is hard to assess how much substantially cheaper freight rates might otherwise benefit consumers and workers in the islands by stimulating new economic activity.
The Cost of Container Space
Freight prices change frequently and for many reasons.
At the start of 2015, Matson boosted its standard westbound container rate by $225 each, just as it did the previous three years, for a total increase of $1,000 on those routes since the start of 2012. The company's eastbound container prices have jumped by $110 annually over the same period of time.
Statements by the company indicate that this was to offset operating costs and pay for the upgrades. The company estimates this year's increase will boost shipping rates for customers by 5.4 percent.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Consolidation within the industry could also affect rates. The second largest ocean cargo carrier in the islands, Horizon Lines, is in the process of selling its Hawaii operations — which includes four ships and a terminal at Honolulu Harbor — to the Pasha Group for $141.5 million.
If the deal is granted regulatory approval, it will mean that Pasha's core roll-on, roll-off cargo service for vehicles and machinery will be complemented by Horizon's containerized cargo assets in Hawaii, which have connections at three West Coast ports.
A statement from Pasha asserts that the transaction will be good for customers, but some economists and regulators question deals that reduce already limited competition over concerns that it will ultimately result in higher prices.
Beyond such issues the ocean freight industry could be vulnerable to price increases triggered by an array of factors, including a natural disaster, an act of war, rising fuel costs, a labor dispute like the one that disrupted West Coast ports in recent months, or even a simple but sudden surge in shipping demand.
The addition or subtraction of regulation could also have a big impact on freight costs in the islands. This is a key component in debates over whether Hawaii should seek an exemption from the 95-year-old Jones Act, which requires that vessels traveling between American ports be U.S. built, crewed and flagged.
The Grocery Bill
In practical terms, freight prices also vary depending on things like the size of the shipping container, the type of items shipped and the direction that goods move in. In March, Matson's rate for shipping the contents of a two- or three-bedroom home in a 20-by-8-by-8-foot storage metal box from southern California to Honolulu was $3,003.
Sending that same container of household goods back to Long Beach was much cheaper, at $1,874.
The bill for a similarly sized container that holds fresh fruit and vegetables, which requires on-vessel refrigeration, was $6,800 when it travels to Honolulu. Delivering an identical shipment back to California was $3,700.
Prices are much lower for goods going to California because most containers leave Hawaii empty. Less demand usually translates into lower prices.
Keeping items cool on interisland vessels also increases costs, although not nearly as much since the shorter trip requires less energy. Young Brothers, which dominates the interisland trade, will send a 20-foot container of dry goods from Honolulu to Hilo for $713.49, while refrigeration raises the price to $847.26.
Freight costs, of course, don't have a uniform affect on products, but they do have a particularly notable effect on certain groceries.
Lynette Larson, the general manager of Kokua Market on South King Street in Honolulu, said dry goods — such as grains, cereals and other fairly durable foods that are easy to ship — usually see a minimum transportation-related markup of 4 percent in their sales price. Refrigerated items — like milk, eggs and frozen goods — spur an average price hike of about 18 percent, she said.
Civil Beat priced out a basket of products at several Oahu supermarkets and found that they were, on average, about 35 percent higher than the mainland average.
All such price differences are embedded in the Consumer Price Index numbers, notes Bonham at UHERO. “We can gather data in all different kinds of ways to compare costs, but we're not going to be able to do as good of a job as they have done,” he said. “It shouldn't be surprising that in a snapshot in one point in time we don't come up with the same numbers.”
But, given Larson's estimates on the impact of transportation costs, it's clear that something else is making groceries at markets in the islands so much more expensive than on the mainland. Those other factors include the cost of fuel and electricity in the islands, especially when items require refrigeration in transit and at the store.
And business owners also need to pay for their buildings and facilities, which is ultimately linked to the islands' high real estate prices.
Larson sees transportation costs as an incentive for her market to source items locally as much as possible.
Doing so at a reasonable price can be challenging, especially since the tools and technology used for farming in the islands tends to arrive in the same building blocks that dot Honolulu Harbor.
• Civil Beat intern Marina Riker contributed to this report.
Do you have a compelling story about the human impact of the cost of living, whether about you or someone you know? If so, drop me a note at epape@civilbeat.com.
And join Civil Beat's Facebook group on the cost of living in Hawaii to continue the conversation and discuss practical and political solutions.
Despite a great deal of market saturation, Grumpy Cat (whose given name is Tardar Sauce,) is just getting started. It's been two years since the first photo of her natural scowl was uploaded onto Reddit, and her owners (siblings Tabatha and Bryan Bundesen) have been working hard to maximize her viral meme potential. With the help of Ben Lashes, GC's manager, this little kitty is worth millions.
The Hollywood Reporter did a piece on the empire surrounding Grumpy Cat, that revealed she's pulled in $100 million in gross revenue so far. The money's come from a commercial, a book, Grumppucino coffee drinks, and countless other products like stuffed animals and shirts. She's currently gearing up to star in her very own television movie special on Lifetime called Grumpy Cat's Worst Christmas Ever.
Grumpy's net pay isn't know, but her manager guarantee's she definitely made over a $1 million, hopefully well over that given the amount of revenue her grouchy visage is generating. Her manager, who refers to her as the “Marilyn Monroe of cats,” is working hard to make sure the two-year-old feline is pampered and well taken care of when she starts shooting her special this month. She's going to have her own trailer and get unlimited breaks. “Just because she's a cat, you shouldn't be able to take advantage,” Lashes says of his star. “If it's worth putting the star in your picture, you've got to treat her like a real star.”
1 English breakfast muffin, cut in half 1 tbsp tomato puree 1 tsp red pesto 1 tbsp olive oil 2 to 3 button mushrooms, sliced 1/2 small red onion, sliced 1/2 small courgette, thinly sliced salt & freshly ground black pepper 50 g grated mozzarella or Cheddar Cheese 1 slice ham or salami cut into pieces (optional for non-vegetarians)
Mini Muffin Pizzas
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
English muffins make delicious pizza bases. You can vary the toppings by adding some cherry tomatoes & sweetcorn instead of the courgette & mushroom combo.
Play as one of six unique Heroes in a collectible card game that combines the iconic world and characters of Albion with fast-paced and thrilling tactical gameplay. In Fable Fortune, your destiny is on the cards! GOOD VERSUS EVIL: During battle, your Hero can change their alignment. Embrace Good or Evil to use the most powerful abilities and turn the tide of battle. CO-OPERATIVE PLAY: Face legendary Fable villains with a friend at your side in the revolutionary co-op mode. QUESTS: Reach your true potential by completing quests during a match. Construct decks and devise strategies to fulfil your objectives, then reap the rewards! RETURN TO ALBION: Every match takes place at an iconic location from the Fable series. Revisit the Crucible, Rosewood, Lychfield Graveyard, and more. REAL COMPETITION: Compete in PvP leagues and gameplay-warping special events. Tune your tactics and your decks to succeed! Fable® content and materials reproduced under licence from Microsoft Corporation Copyright 2017 Microsoft Corporation. Full details on the latest status of the game, how you can give feedback and report issues can be found at http://www.fable-fortune.com/ .
Show More
Alberta Tory leadership hopeful Ric McIver has apologized for his participation in a parade held by a group with anti-gay sentiments, but he doesn't plan to pull out of the race to be the province's next premier.
The member of the legislature from Calgary was criticized by his own party for taking part in last weekend's March for Jesus organized by the Street Church, which on its website condemns gay people as the minions of Satan.
McIver says he became involved with the group when he was a city alderman and the Street Church would hold barbecues for the homeless.
“The basis of the relationship was a friendly … hello as people were being fed in front of city hall,” he said Thursday at a media availability. “That led to accepting an invitation to attend the March for Jesus.”
McIver said he blames himself for not doing his homework.
“I didn't check the website. I'm angry. Anybody who's angry, I agree with them. Nasty, mean-spirited stuff on this website. There's no excuse for.”
He said he doesn't believe in or support the Street Church anymore and his relationship with it is over. He wants the group to remove his name and photos from its website.
He's asking for forgiveness from the public and admits he made “a big mistake.”
McIver plans to continue his leadership run against former federal cabinet minister Jim Prentice and fellow Alberta legislature member Thomas Lukaszuk.
He said his situation is different than the one a Wildrose party candidate faced during the 2012 election campaign. Allan Hunsperger warned gays to abandon their homosexuality or face eternity suffering in hell's “lake of fire.”
Wildrose Leader Danielle Smith refused to cut Hunsperger loose and some analysts suggest it was a turning point for the party, which had been polling strongly, but failed to win the election. The party has since reiterated that it believes in equality for all.
“There were negative things said before the last election and there were officials that did not argue with those comments,” McIver said. “This is much different because I'm saying the opposite. I'm saying those comments are ugly. They're abhorrent. I don't support any of them.”
Jim McCormick, Progressive Conservative party president, said earlier this week that closed-mindedness or intolerance have no place in the party and its members are expected to follow its statement of principles.
McIver had originally responded on his Facebook page, where he said he was at the parade to celebrate his Roman Catholic faith and had attended the march for the last four years.
He said he also attends events with Sikhs, Muslims, Hindus and Jews and deplores discrimination against all groups and individuals.
Two newly published patent filings reveal that Apple is interested in developing a graphics application that could take on Adobe's Photoshop and Illustrator.
Patently Apple describes the patents, which were published by the US Trademark and Patent Office on Thursday, as “jaw dropping”.
Apple's proposed virtual drawing space app will run on both Mac and iPad, as it is designed to work with the mouse and touchscreen gestures. One of Apple's aims with the invention is to eliminate the need to access menu after menu while creating something in a drawing application, by providing a new way of accessing and manipulating a graphical object input such as brush strokes, a string of text, or a geometric shape.
“Rather than having to select options displayed on a menu, a user may provide input gestures at or near a displayed input tool to directly manipulate one of more properties of that tool, such as the size or color,” reads the patent description. “By visually changing how an input tool is represented on a user workspace so as to indicate a change in an input tool property, a user may be provided with a more efficient and intuitive user interface for generating graphical objects.”
The second of the two patents describing a virtual drawing application relates to object layer management. “The ways in which currently available electronic devices allow a user to manage various layers of graphical object data may be confusing or overwhelming,” Apple states in the patent background.
To help make layers less confusing for the casual user, Apple aims to introduce a new layer scheme. “For example, in some embodiments, a graphical display system may be configured to generate any new graphical object in the top-most layer of a layer stack presented for display to a user,” Apple explains. “Different types of graphical objects may be handled differently by the layer management processes of a graphical display system.”
See also:
WSJ: Apple's set-top-box will ‘erase the distinction between live and on-demand TV'
Apple interested in illuminated touchpads for MacBook, iPod
DENVER—Colorado's Front Range will keep accruing political power as fast-growing towns along Interstate 25 far outstrip their rural eastern and western neighbors, new U.S. Census data shows.
The 2010 figures, released Wednesday, show that most of Colorado's growth over the last decade occurred along the Front Range. El Paso County surpassed Denver County as Colorado's most populous, while the state's eastern fringes continued to decline.
The data will be used to redraw congressional and legislative districts. Colorado didn't grow enough to earn an eighth seat in Congress, but population trends mean lawmakers will have to shift political power away from rural areas.
Colorado's most rural congressional district—the 3rd District to the west—will get even larger to include enough people to comprise a district. Districts around Denver and Colorado Springs will shrink to account for growing numbers.
The biggest winner is the 6th Congressional District in Denver's conservative southern suburbs. The solidly Republican district now held by Rep. Mike Coffman needs to shed some 80,000 residents because it's growing so quickly compared to other areas.
“Our challenge at this point is to work in a bipartisan fashion to draw a fair, bipartisan congressional map,” said state Rep. David Balmer, a Centennial Republican who will help redraw the district lines.
The other story in the 2010 Census numbers is the potential political strength of Latinos.
As in other states, Colorado's young Hispanic population continued to grow faster than whites, and Hispanics of any race now account for one-fifth of the state's population of just over 5 million. In 2000, there were about 736,000 Hispanics, comprising about 17 percent of the state's population.
Colorado has grown by 16.9 percent since 2000, compared to U.S. growth of 9.7 percent. The state's white population grew by 9.9 percent and stands at about 3.5 million, or 70 percent of the state's total. But the population of Hispanics of any races increased by 41.2 percent since 2000.
People who did not identify themselves as white on Census forms increased in all categories, including blacks, Asians, Native Americans and Pacific Islanders.
The explosion of minority populations is no surprise because they tend to be younger than whites, said state demographer Elizabeth Garner.
Census figures show El Paso County grew by more than 105,000 people between 2000 and 2010 and now has more than 622,000 residents. Fort Carson's military population of 27,000 is double what it was in 2003.
The city and county of Denver grew by more than 45,500 and its population stands at just over 600,000.
But five counties along Colorado's eastern border with Kansas—Sedgwick, Cheyenne, Kiowa, Prowers and Baca—each lost 10 percent or more of their populations during the 2000s.
Another pocket of decline showed up along the state's southern edge in the San Juan mountains. Huerfano and Mineral counties both dropped by more than 10 percent, with Costilla, Conejos and Rio Grande counties dropping between 0.1 and 10 percent each.
In all, 17 of Colorado's 64 counties counties had a population decline, and most of them were in rural areas in the southeastern part of the state.
In Prowers County, 49-year-old Sandy Spitz works in Lamar's Pit Stop Sub Shop. The closure of the Neoplan bus factory in 2004 dealt a brutal blow to Lamar's economy. The factory moved to Denver, where Spitz says young folks go to find jobs.
“There are no jobs down here. It's declining. Everybody—I mean everybody—is moving to Denver. I'd move to Denver if I could,” said Spitz, who has lived in Prowers for 30 years.
Denver is still the largest city in the state at 600,158, followed by Colorado Springs with 416,427. Aurora stayed third at 325,078. Fort Collins grew by 21.4 percent to reach nearly 144,000 residents.
The population of Lakewood, one of the Colorado's biggest cities, shrank by 0.8 percent. Garner said that underscores the city's aging population, where the children of young families who moved there years ago are now gone.
“You have the same house, people are there, but now instead of being a family of four it's a family of two,” she said.
Besides redistricting, the Census data also will be used to allocate federal funds for roads and schools.
As water starts to move out of heavily-flooded Livingston Parish in southern Louisiana, authorities assessing the damage believe three-quarters of the homes are destroyed.
Lori Steele, spokeswoman for the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office, says the sheriff estimates about 75 percent of the homes are "a total loss." The parish has a population of about 138,000 people.
More than 15,000 people have been rescued from floodwaters in the parish since the storms began Friday and more were still ongoing Monday even as the water was draining in some areas.
Steele remained upbeat, calling it a "good day" because the parish hasn't seen any storm-related deaths and the rescues are no longer people in their attics, but people who are running low on supplies in flooded areas.
Seven deaths have been attributed to the flooding in south Louisiana.
Vice President Joe Biden defended veterans during an impassioned speech Monday after Donald Trump's comments about soldiers who suffer from PTSD.
The Republican presidential nominee was addressing PTSD and suicides among those returning home from war before a veterans group in Virginia when he said those in the room were “strong” and could “handle” the horrors of war. However, “a lot of people can't handle it,” Trump added. Many took his phrasing to mean soldiers who can't handle PTSD are weak.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Biden, who said he has been “in and out” of Afghanistan and Iraq more than 29 times, said Trump was not intentionally trying to offend but that the real estate mogul “doesn't get it,” according to The Hill.
“I don't think he was trying to be mean. He is just so thoroughly, completely uninformed,” Biden said.
“We only have one sacred obligation,” the vice president added, “to care for those we send to war and to care for them and their families when they come home.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Rappers Chuck D. from Public Enemy and Brother Ali joined members of Occupy Wall Street Thursday in taking over an abandoned home in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as part of what the activist group calls a campaign to institute a “foreclosure-free zone” in the southern part of the city.
“We're gonna write the first chapter in a new narrative,” said Occupy Homes organizer Mal Reeves. “A narrative that says that people should come before property.”
According to The Uptake, the group of about 200 demonstrators met at the home of Bobby Hull, a resident of the area whose own home had been “occupied” a year ago by the campaign, which earned him national media attention and, eventually, helped him win a mortgage renegotiation.
The group then marched to take over a vacant house that used to belong to another resident, John Vinje, who was evicted earlier this year.
“When I was growing up during the time of R and B — that's Reagan and Bush — I couldn't understand, as I was going to school, all the boarded-up cribs in my neighborhood, with people living on the street,” Chuck said.
Watch footage from the march and remarks by Brother Ali, Chuck D. and members of Occupy Homes, posted by The Uptake on Saturday, below.
A jubilant Shanshan Feng receives the iconic trophy from His Highness Sheikh Hasher bin Maktoum bin Juma Al Maktoum, Director General, Dubai Information Department. His Highness Shaikh Fahim bin Sultan Al Qasimi, Chairman of the Emirates Golf Federation, Mohamed Juma Buamaim, Vice Chairman and CEO of ‘golf in DUBAi,' and Henri Burrus, Omega's Regional Sales Manager, were also present.
China's Shanshan Feng came from five strokes back to claim her fourth Omega Dubai Ladies Masters title inside five years as she once again mastered the Majlis Course with a sizzling 64 on a blustery final day at Emirates Golf Club.
A run of six birdies in her first 10 holes took the world number four to within one stroke of the lead, held by the overnight leader Felicity Johnson. Another three straight birdies from the ninth gave her a one stroke advantage and it was effectively all over when she made an eighth birdie on the 14th hole.
“I'm really happy that I actually brought out my A Game today,” said Feng, who first won the title in 2012, and then three times consecutively from 2014.
“I knew that it was going to be windy today and I knew that playing in the wind is one of my strongest parts. So even though I was five behind, but you know, in the morning, I always thought that maybe I would still have a chance to win this week and I tried my best. 8-under was a pretty good score.”
Feng won with a tournament record 21-under-par for 72 holes in 2015, but the 2016 event was cut to 54 holes in honour of caddie Maximilian Zechmann, who collapsed and died early in the first round.
Rounds of 72, 70 and 64 for a total of 10-under-par ensured a two stroke victory over England's Charley Hull, who shot a flawless final round of 65 to end on eight-under and win a wager against her good friend, James, from Kettering Golf Club.
Hull explained: “It could have been a really good score, from 13, 14, 15, the putts just edged, but my friend texted me this morning. He goes, ‘if you shoot 65 or lower, I'm going to get my kit off by the tree.' So I shot 65 or lower, so he's got to do it now!”
She continued: “Today I kind of woke up and got into my golf game. I've been a bit lazy all week I felt on the golf course but today I got in there and kind of concentrated. Today I did and I felt good. I holed a few putts today and I missed a lot of putts — it was on the edge. I hit a lot of good putts out there. Kind of evened itself out. Hit it pretty well, pretty decent and it was really windy today. So I'm quite happy with my score in the conditions.”
India's Aditi Ashok ended in a tie for third place with England's Florentyna Parker on six-under-par and sealed Rookie of the Year honours.
Ashok said: “It was pretty solid. I actually didn't start very well today. I started, I was plus one in the first four holes but in the first four, all four were actually birdie-able with the tailwind. So I didn't really make use of that. I made a par on No. 3, which is playing one shot under compared to the field. That was not so good, but it was better after, the back nine, especially. I shot 2-under on the back nine. I'm happy. I shot 2-under three days in a row. I feel it was consistent but it could have been better. But there's always something you can do better every week. So it's fine. I think I'm tied third right now, so I'm happy with that.”
The first round leader, Florentyna Parker, signed off with a 71 and said: “I struggled on the front nine and was 2-over and I finished really well, so I was 3-under for the last five holes. So that was really good. I'm pleased and I'll take it. I'm going on holiday tomorrow, so that's perfect for me. I've had a great year and eight top-10s. I'm really thrilled.”
England's Georgia Hall tied for fifth on five-under alongside Ashleigh Simon, who is getting married next week, a year after being proposed to by her boyfriend and caddie David Buhai on the 18th green.
Meanwhile second round leader Felicity Johnson ended with a 75 for a share of seventh place. Johnson started with a bogey but made a strong response with a birdie at the second and an eagle at the third, extending her lead to four shots after a birdie on the fifth hole. Her challenge faded with five dropped shots in four holes from the seventh and another bogey on the 18th but she reflected: “I'm not a massive fan of playing in the wind, but it wasn't as bad as I thought it might have been. It was tricky to pick the direction out there. But yeah, it wasn't as bad as I thought it might have been. It's obviously a top-10, any day, you've got to be happy with. To put myself into the position I did yesterday, kind of was a nice feeling again to be in the right position, at the right end of the leader board.”
For Feng, this was her seventh Ladies European Tour victory and her fourth title of the season, following the Buick Championship, Sime Darby LPGA Malaysia and TOTO Japan Classic, as well as Olympic Bronze at Rio 2016.
James Bennett | Magazine Contributing Editor
On Friday the 18th of January I interviewed Willie Frazer, unionist activist and leader of FAIR, an organisation that works with people whose relatives were killed by violent nationalist groups. His profile has risen recently due to his involvement with the Union Flag protests in Belfast, and he made waves in the Republic when he announced that he was organising a group of unionists that would come to Dublin and stage a protest outside the Dáil. The following is the text of our conversation:
ADVERTISEMENT
You are most well-known for your work with the organisation FAIR. Could you briefly explain what FAIR does?
FAIR is a victims' organisation that represents innocent victims from along the border area. It also has been heavily involved with other victims' organisations in all parts of Northern Ireland. We are probably the biggest victims' group in the whole of Northern Ireland.
Another organisation that you have been linked to more recently is the Ulster People's Forum. Can you explain to me what the Ulster People's Forum is?
The Ulster People's Forum has come out of the frustration with what is going on in Northern Ireland. The flag… Well the flag was basically the straw that broke the camel's back. But certainly it is not the only reason for what has taken place. There are numerous things. And especially the whole issue of how victims are being dealt with. That's being overlooked, but that is one of the big problems. And there seems to be a continuous demonisation of anyone from a unionist or law-abiding background. And Sinn Féin IRA are out there to re-write history, and to do that they have to demonise us.
Do you have a specific position within the Ulster People's Forum?
I am the spokesperson for it. I was asked to be the chairperson, but I turned down any committee role. I just have too much on.
You have been quoted in your capacity as spokesperson for the Ulster People's Forum as calling for a return to direct rule. What was the idea behind that?
Our own government has failed us. Basically, something is not working. They will say that under direct rule it would be worse. Well if it is worse at least we can't be blamed for voting for it. At the minute, the DUP continually say to us that this is what the people voted for. Well it's not what the people voted for.
When people argue that the Union Flag has been taken down by democratic means, you disagree with that?
Yes, I disagree with that because basically what has happened is that over the years the DUP, and before that the Unionist Party, built up their own wee empires in places such as Castlereagh. They were happy to take power away from Belfast council and move it to Castlereagh council. Castlereagh should come under Belfast council boundaries.
“If it wasn't for constitutional reasons I would put the guards in charge of policing up here”
What is your opinion on the violence of recent weeks over the Union Flag row?
We have called continually for protests to be peaceful. And in fact, 99% of them are peaceful. The media seems to have missed the fact that so many of the protests are peaceful. On one night, there were 75 protests in Northern Ireland, in different villages and towns. And there was no bother.
There is a video of you on Youtube sayingthat protests over the flag will always be peaceful “except when certain elements who are working for the British government get in and create violence.”
Well if I said it that way I probably meant that whenever people attack peaceful protesters they will defend themselves. I was talking about elements within the republican movement… but also elements within the police force. Not every police officer though, because 99% of them are good.
Are you saying that members of the PSNI have purposefully incited violence?
Yes. I've seen it myself.
How have they done that?
Well, for example, if you hit a woman who is standing on the street who is seventy years of age… If you hit her with a baton…
Is this recently?
Yes, in the last few weeks. That's only one. I've seen a lot of women being beaten to the ground.
By police officers?
By police officers.
Is that what you meant by “certain elements who are working for the British government”? Police?
Yes… Well there's that, and as well… a certain element that are trying to create a bad image of these protests.
How would they be working for the British government? Who are they?
They're creating the violence to try and turn the… They know there's great support out there for people that have taken to the protests. The support among the majority of the Unionist community is way above anything they expected.
Just to focus on that quote… You're saying that the British government is paying people to go out and cause violence in peaceful protests?
Well I can't prove that they're actually paying them. What I am saying is that the peaceful protests are working. Where there is violence there is more than one reason for it. Some of it is down to bad policing. Some of it is down to republicans coming out and attacking peaceful protesters. Some of it is down to bad people on the loyalist side who see an excuse for creating violence. But also it has to be asked… Why did they create violence? There were people out there causing violence. And nobody knew them! It turned out that they weren't from the area at all!
In The Telegraph on the 12th of January, Terry Spence, the leader of the Police Federation for Northern Ireland is quoted as saying “We've got no doubt whatever that this is coming from the UVF”. Do you think there has been UVF involvement in these protests?
Well I know for a fact that the UVF is not organising it. But I'd only be a fool if I said that there weren't people from the UVF involved, because they live in those communities. It's a bit like Alex Maskey saying that if he had been down the Short Strand he'd have been out throwing stones. He's an MLA… You know, a republican MLA… So to say that there wouldn't be anyone from the UVF out doing the same you'd want to be a hypocrite.
But you think it's unorganised?
It's definitely unorganised. I've been about for a long time and I've seen quite a few riots during my lifetime and some of the people with me are ex-police officers who were actually on the other end of the riots.
Fionola Meredith writing in the Guardian called those causing rioting over the Union Flag “a band of opportunists savouring their newfound notoriety”. How would you react to accusations that you have used the Union Flag row to boost your own media profile?
My media profile has always been very good. If I was just interested in a media profile I would only have to come out and sing the praises of the powers that be and I would be the best thing since sliced bread. The reality is, the flag is what we were murdered for. So I see no opportunists. And I will not be called an opportunist. My family was butchered for that flag… and what that flag stands for.
I want to talk about the Dublin protest that was called off after a meeting with the guards. What was said to you in that meeting that made you postpone the protest?
Well we are still going to go ahead with that. The guards basically said to us: “Listen. You're entitled to have your protest, and we will uphold that right. But if you work with us perhaps we can get it done in a more peaceful way and there will be as little disruption as possible.” And you can't argue with that.
Do you have any idea when the protest will go ahead?
To be honest with you I was supposed to get back to them [the guards] this week but I've been so busy that I haven't. So, as soon as. As soon as it suits the guards, we will go ahead with it. There was no point in pushing on with that… To be honest with you, if it wasn't for constitutional reasons I would put the guards in charge of policing up here. Only that wouldn't go down too well. It's their approach. There's no political policing with the guards, as far as I see it.
First it was reported that this protest would be a march to the Dáil to demand that the tricolour be taken down, and then people said that it was also for documents to be handed over about collusion between the Irish government and the IRA. Are you still adopting this two-pronged approach?
The flag part is a tongue in cheek attitude. It was always about the documents. It was always about the collusion. This has being going on for a number of years. We met the Taoiseach a number of months ago and he made promises to us and he broke them. They have to learn that we are not going away.
What promises did the Taoiseach make to you?
Well he promised us he was coming to… We gave him a document when we met with him… with the families who were connected to 110 murders.
110 murders?
Yes.
Are you saying that the Irish government knew about 110 murders?
Yes… There were people… involved. Just to give you an example… We know for a fact, and it is in Irish government documents, that the Irish government authorised the Irish army to give 500 weapons out of the army barracks in Dublin in 1972 to the IRA around the border. We want to know why that was allowed to happen. That's not hearsay; that is fact. If he can come down here and call up an inquiry into Pat Finucane, we want an answer to that. We want to why they did not arrest the men who hijacked the minibus in the Kingsmill massacre, when they knew the name of the men involved.
If the documents are the most important part of your protest, why do you need to also make a tongue in cheek demand that the flag be taken down from the Dáil?
It's to let people know down there. People in Dublin are saying “What's the issue? What's the big thing about taking your flag down?” Well we're saying, “OK well you take yours down then.” And it seems to have annoyed a lot of people. And I actually agree with the people down South. I can understand why they're very annoyed. Because we're very annoyed up here. Remember we were told after this agreement… After swallowing a very, very bitter pill…
What agreement? The Good Friday Agreement?
Yes. We were told that that was it, that we were part of the United Kingdom. We weren't told that there were going to be more changes… Or a continuous erosion of our culture, of our Britishness…
Do you think that increasing poverty and unemployment have created a climate of boredom and restlessness that has caused a return to violence?
To be truthful, it hasn't caused as much harm as the fraud that is going on in within government departments in the North that are run and controlled by Sinn Féin IRA. Hundreds of millions are going missing… Because of the actions of ministers…
Can you give me an example of money going missing?
Yes. The Land Registry… I've got the officer I reported it to a number of years ago, and the documentation. One of them was a senior IRA man. As a matter of fact, three of them were senior IRA men, who had defrauded millions. If they had acted then, not only would they have saved the country millions, they wouldn't have caused a fine of 70 million from Europe. But it was not in the public interest to follow it up. It's the same with this horsemeat. We have it on public record that we raised that five years ago.
About horsemeat?
Yes.
Who raised this?
The victims.
FAIR?
Yes. And I can introduce you to the investigating officer that I reported it to.
Why do think it didn't come out then?
Because senior IRA men were involved in it.
The IRA were involved with putting horsemeat into beef products?
Yes.
Why would they do that?
To make money. It's the same with cows that have to be sold within a certain number of months after they're born. Basically old fat cows that are 30 months old have been put into the food chain because the republicans have the means of getting it in. And a blind eye has been turned to it. This is the kind of thing that's going on that we're sick of… There is a blind eye being turned to so much fraud so that they don't upset the peace process. That is what is creating the problems here.
It has already become clear that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has been marginalized under President Donald Trump, with the former Exxon executive unable to even pick his own deputy as Trump consolidates more and more power in the hands of son-in-law Jared Kushner. Tillerson isn't the only one being demeaned — the entire State Department is suffering with him.
"They really want to blow this place up," a mid-level State Department officer told The Atlantic. "I don't think this administration thinks the State Department needs to exist. They think Jared can do everything. It's reminiscent of the developing countries where I've served. The family rules everything, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs knows nothing."
Advertisement:
This isn't to say that Tillerson himself has received glowing reviews. "He only spoke of reform and accountability," a State Department staffer told The Atlantic. "He offered no vision of America and its place in the world." Tillerson also made an indirect reference to the 2012 attack on the American embassy in Benghazi that "landed like a thud."
The Atlantic also describes a State Department that, despite once being renowned for its long work hours and constant state of bustle, has been reduced to a 9-to-5 schedule. Its employees spend countless hours in the cafeteria and, because of their lack of direction, are forced to leave their diplomats without direction as they attempt to carry out American foreign policy in hundreds of other countries.
In some cases the Trump administration's opacity can be downright enigmatic. When more than 20 State Department staffers were fired, their floor almost immediately underwent a period of intense construction, with most staffers having no idea what the new conception will be. "The space on Mahogany Row, the line of wood-paneled offices including that of the secretary of state, is now a mysterious construction zone behind blue tarp," The Atlantic wrote.
These grumblings aren't the first sign of dissatisfaction about the Trump administration from the State Department. In January, the entire senior level management team resigned shortly after Trump took office.
In the wake of the 2010 midterms, far-right Republicans have more power in state legislatures than any time in recent memory, and many are choosing to exercise that power by attacking women's reproductive rights.
That's especially true in Kansas, where as the last act of their legislative session, state lawmakers passed a law prohibiting insurance companies from offering abortion coverage in their general health plans, except when a woman's life is at risk.
A pro-choice Republican raised the concern that Kansan women may be forced to buy abortion-only policies, before they know they might need one. Rape victims, for example, may be impregnated, and unless the victim purchased her own abortion-only insurance plan, terminating the pregnancy wouldn't be covered.
Tanya Somanader noted the response from state Rep. Pete DeGraaf (R), a champion of the proposal, who compared rape victims to those who get flat tires.
During the House's debate, Rep. Pete DeGraaf, a Mulvane Republican who supports the bill, told [Bollier]: “We do need to plan ahead, don't we, in life?” Bollier asked him, “And so women need to plan ahead for issues that they have no control over with a pregnancy?” DeGraaf drew groans of protest from some House members when he responded, “I have spare tire on my car.” “I also have life insurance,” he added. “I have a lot of things that I plan ahead for.”
Obviously, I'd like to think most sane, reasonable people would consider arguments like these disgusting. But this ridiculous lawmaker's argument — “I have a spare tire in my car” — seems to encapsulate a much broader line of thought that's common in Republican circles.
Just looking over some posts from earlier today, there are other examples in which the GOP seems to think it's up to individuals to “plan ahead in life” and put “spare tires” in their cars. For example, if you're a senior citizen, and your former employer doesn't offer health care coverage to retirees, well, tough. You can either suffer or move to some other country that cares for its elderly.
If you're in a community that's hit by a natural disaster, maybe you should have planned ahead.
The underlying Republican message isn't subtle: you're on your own. Americans don't look out for one another; we're supposed to look out for ourselves. I'm not my brother's keeper; what happens to my brother is up to him.
“United we stand, divided we fall”? The GOP thinks that's backwards — we stand stronger when we stand by ourselves.
Pick your metaphor: we're not all in the same boat. There is no safety net. Put a spare tire in your car.
GB-DAL grades: Aaron Rodgers earns excellent grade in Packers' win
By Ben Stockwell • Jan 15, 2017
Green Bay Packers 34, Dallas Cowboys 31
Here are the top-graded players and biggest takeaways from Green Bay's thrilling 34-31 Divisional Round win over Dallas to earn a berth in the NFC title game:
Quarterback grade: Aaron Rodgers, 88.1
Rodgers sends a message to any teams in his path
If you're an Atlanta fan, you should be afraid — very afraid. In a game in which Packers QB Aaron Rodgers had some issues with his downfield passing (6-of-12 with one touchdown and one pick on throws of 20-plus yards), he was still the player everyone left the game talking about because of that third-down, 35-yard throw to tight end Jared Cook to set up the game-winning field goal. It was a simply remarkable piece of quarterbacking that is hard to imagine any other passer in the league making. That play in some respects hides an uneven display in the second half, where he threw a bad pick and struggled to get on top of the Cowboys' blitz packages. But great players make great plays when it matters most, and there is no denying that Rodgers is a great player. Is there any passer you'd rather give the ball to with 40 seconds left and three points needed?
Top offensive grades:
QB Aaron Rodgers, 88.1
TE Jared Cook, 86.4
FB Aaron Ripkowski, 83.5
LT David Bakhtiari, 82.8
LG Lane Taylor, 81.0
No Nelson, no problem
Despite stalling in the second half, this was the kind of offensive effort that would send a shudder through the hearts of any future opponents. Up front the line (including backup rookie tackle Jason Spriggs when he filled in) allowed just seven pressures combined on 47 dropbacks, as they continue to give Aaron Rodgers more time than seems humanly possible. The concern? When the Cowboys blitzed, Rodgers' QB rating dropped by 48 points, and running back Ty Montgomery was exposed as a pass-blocker when called upon. Is that the blueprint to beat the Packers? Or with the possible return of Jordy Nelson next week and the emergence of Cook, will they have enough ammunition to beat Atlanta and make it to the Super Bowl?
Top defensive grades:
SCB Micah Hyde, 92.0
NT Kenny Clark, 82.2
ILB Joe Thomas, 79.3
S Ha Ha Clinton-Dix, 77.7
DE Mike Daniels, 74.5
Hyde comes up with the big plays to set the Cowboys back
The Packers' secondary was shorthanded coming into this game, and Morgan Burnett's injury weakened them further less than 20 snaps into the game, but slot corner Micah Hyde came up with big plays throughout the game to ensure the Cowboys were always playing from behind. His sack on the opening drive stunted the Cowboys' early momentum after picking up a pair of first downs in their first four plays, and he added a pair of hurries against Ezekiel Elliott and Lance Dunbar later in the game as well. His interception shut down another drive into Green Bay territory in the third quarter, jumping a screen to take a possession away from the Cowboys.
Solid performances in the defensive front against Dallas' fearsome offensive line were led by rookie nose tackle Kenny Clark, who picked up a career-high three defensive stops, including tracking down Elliott on a screen, and tied a career-high with three hurries, getting good push in the pocket in the first half to play his part in the Cowboys' early struggles. Another daunting challenge awaits this Packers' defense next week in Atlanta, but they've come up with enough two weeks in a row to play their part in advancing to the NFC championship game.
Quarterback grade: Dak Prescott, 82.6
Prescott connects with Bryant often in impressive playoff debut
Dak Prescott's first career playoff start resulted in a defeat for the Cowboys, but he had an extremely impressive debut in bringing Dallas back from 18 points down to give the Cowboys a chance to win it in the end. Prescott exploited favorable matchups down the field to Dez Bryant, and in the second half only really came up short on one drive with a pass that should have been intercepted, and the screen pass that was intercepted by Micah Hyde. Prescott was particularly impressive against the blitz, collecting two of his touchdowns with a perfect 158.3 passer rating on the nine dropbacks that the Packers blitzed him. Another playoff defeat will be disappointing for the Cowboys' fan base, but Prescott stood tall again and looked ready for everything playoff football had to throw at him.
Top offensive grades:
C Travis Frederick, 84.7
QB Dak Prescott, 82.6
WR Dez Bryant, 81.3
RB Ezekiel Elliott, 77.4
RG Zack Martin, 76.2
Cowboys fire back after slow start
After dropping to a 21-3 deficit, the Cowboys' offense rebounded with a strong showing to set up a “whoever has the ball last, wins” situation in the game's final two minutes. Rookie running back Ezekiel Elliott (84.2 rushing grade) topped 100 yards in his playoff debut, picking up 80 yards after contact and keeping the offense balanced despite the lopsided score early in the game. Wideout Dez Bryant added a 100-yard game of his own and two scores, dominating Packers CB Ladarius Gunter with his second straight multi-touchdown game after sitting out the Cowboys' Week 17 defeat in Philadelphia.
Top defensive grades:
S Jeff Heath, 84.3
DE Tyrone Crawford, 73.5
CB Morris Claiborne, 72.6
DE DeMarcus Lawrence, 71.7
LB Anthony Hitchens, 71.6
Passivity on D leads to heartbreak for Dallas
It was a first half that was like watching men against boys. The Dallas defense rushed four, the Packers had time to throw, and the Packers made plays. Indeed, at half time it looked like the game was over, and when Aaron Rodgers led another scoring drive to start the second half, it really looked like game over. But the Cowboys adjusted and the blitz created big plays, as they got more aggressive, resulting in an interception and three sacks that put Dallas in a great place to get to overtime. However, on that critical 3rd-and-20 play, they played soft coverage, and Rodgers and then kicker Mason Crosby broke the hearts of America's team. In a game where they needed all their playmakers on D to step up, it just didn't work out that way. And nobody really symbolized that more than the usually excellent Sean Lee (62.1). He made just three defensive stops while missing a tackle and getting beaten badly in coverage for a touchdown.
PFF Game-Ball Winner: Aaron Rodgers, QB, Packers
PFF's player grading process includes multiple reviews, which may change the grade initially published in order to increase its accuracy. Learn more about how we grade and access grades for every player by subscribing to Player Grades.
A few nights ago in New York, Michael Oren, the former Israeli ambassador who is stirring up controversy with his new book Ally, was asked “What Israeli policies should be reformed to combat the BDS movement on American college campuses?”
Oren said it was more important to fight BDS than to reform Israeli policies.
Right now Israel spends less on the struggle against BDS– boycott divestment sanctions, the effort to delegitimize Israel in the world– spends less on that effort than it spends on a platoon of tanks or on a single F15 plane, and yet if we are delegitimized, denied the right to defend ourselves, the tanks won't be able to move and the plane wont be able to take off. So the first policy recommendation would be to allocate significant resources to train the appropriate personnel to deal with BDS, because you can fight it. I had the honor for the last year to work with a number of members of Congress, particularly Peter Roskam of Illinois [Republican], in passing the first anti-BDS legislation in Congress, coming up for for some important votes. You can fight back, there are ways you can fight back that have an impact. But you got to have the resources… BDS is not about the territories, not about settlements. You can take out all the settlements, you'd still have BDS. BDS is not about the outcome of the '67 war, it's about the outcome of the '48 war. But BDS uses settlements and our policies toward Palestinians as a tool. I've seen BDS websites where they call for Jewish young people, to join us, fight against the apartheid state, and then you look at who's sponsoring the website, you see, these are not organizations that don't oppose settlements, they oppose Israel's existence.”
Oren then conceded that Israel could make some policy changes, to promote the economy in the West Bank and Gaza, though not creating a Palestinian state.
So if we move ahead in the way I've suggested on the two state situation, I think that will also help us on BDS. There's a diplomatic responsibility.
He spoke at the 92nd Street Y. Moderator Jonathan Rosen commented, So you do think that Israeli settlement policies are affecting BDS. Oren responded:
Sometimes– sometimes they make BDS's work easier for them.
F-15s and tanks were used extensively in Israel's war on Gaza last summer that killed 2200 Palestinians, including more than 500 children. The UN Human Rights Council has accused both sides in the conflict of war crimes. Seventy-two Israelis also died, most of them in uniform, but including one child.
John Chantry, a practicing Druid, was shocked to receive an email April 3 advising him that he was prohibited from continuing to lead earth-centered religious services for recruits at Recruit Training Command.
Chantry, 72, says he has been leading services for between 75 and 200 recruits for about three years at the Great Lakes, Ill., facility. But on the orders of Capt. Doug Pfeifle, the commanding officer of RTC, civilian volunteers for seven minority religious communities have been asked to stop conducting services.
An RTC official who spoke on background said the volunteers were asked to leave in accordance with Navy guidance, which stipulates that a uniformed chaplain or a religiously accredited military member should conduct the service before the service pursues other avenues.
But Chantry, backed by the Military Religious Freedom Foundation and its outspoken founder and president, Mikey Weinstein, call the canceling of accommodations for minority religious groups a gross violation of the constitutional rights of recruits who practice minority religions, including Unitarian Universalists, Buddhists, Baha'i or earth-centered religions.
"It is extremely disappointing to us that some who sign up to serve aren't given the same kind of support ... as others, based on their religion," Chantry said.
On Wednesday, Weinstein penned a letter to the RTC commanding officer claiming that more than 250 recruits have been impacted by the order, and gave Pfeifle 24 hours to reinstate the civilian volunteers at RTC. Weinstein said he is prepared to exhaust all "administrative means" or even go to court to get the order rescinded .
"We have never seen a commander authorize such a sweeping abuse of the religious freedoms of those under their leadership," the letter reads.
Weintein received a response from Pfeifle Thursday saying the matter was under review.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Navy Times Daily News Roundup
The RTC official said the decision to change religious accommodations at boot camp was made to align with the Navy instruction. That instruction, the official said, calls for services to be conducted by a uniformed chaplain. If no chaplain is available, then an accredited military member should conduct the services, followed by a contracted chaplain or, if no one else can do it, civilian volunteers.
Recruits who practice minority religions will still be provided with time and materials during holiday routine to worship as they see fit. If recruits request a spiritual leader, the Navy will follow the guidance for identifying a suitable candidate, the official said.
The religions affected by the order include: Unitarian Universalist, earth-centered, Buddhist, Baha'i, Church of Christ, Christian Science and non-liturgical Protestant.
Naval Service Training Command spokesman Lt. Matt Comer reiterated in a statement that recruits will be allowed to practice religion as they see fit.
"As always, RTC will support the religious needs of all recruits and staff by providing them a place and time to worship as well as worship materials and chaplain support," the statement reads.
"The recent change in RTC practice regarding civilian volunteers adheres to Navy policy and reflects the religious accommodation standards and practices of the Fleet. RTC is currently recruiting uniformed volunteers to support all religious services."
But to Chantry, simply providing time and space isn't enough, and giving recruits access to chaplains who don't share their religion falls short of their needs.
"This means that we will have young people who have no opportunity to talk to people in their tradition about questions or concerns about their spiritual journey," Chantry said. "We have had people in our earth-centered worship services — whether Druid or Wiccan or heathen — who say that before they came here to RTC, they were solitary in their practice, that they couldn't find anyone who understood them.
"Now, for the first time in their lives, they had a sense that they were worthwhile."
To Weinstein, it is also a matter of safety, given that one reason recruits are given access to religious services is to bolster resilience, which can prevent suicide.
During his last set of confirmation hearings, before the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1986, Jefferson Beauregard Sessions lost out on an appointment to the federal bench.
Witnesses testified that the Alabama Republican had called major civil rights organizations “un-American,” used racially insensitive language with associates and even said pot-smoking was the only reason he no longer thought the KKK was OK. His nomination was withdrawn after two fellow Republicans crossed the partisan divide on the panel to disapprove of his confirmation.
Sessions ran for the Senate a decade later and won, affirmed by Alabama voters who thought Washington had run amok. Now, Sessions, a partially reconstructed baiter of minorities, is in the mix for a Cabinet appointment. The talk of him taking over as attorney general, the person responsible for the protection of civil rights, has subsided in recent days. But he still appears to be a leading contender to run the Defense Department or the Homeland Security Department.
Much as his colleagues may be loath to keep him in their chamber — he has frustrated both Democrats and Republicans with his refusal to consent to votes on popular legislation over the course of his career — the Senate should reject him for any post that requires confirmation. He is beyond the ideological fringe, and his service in the Trump administration would be a disservice to the country.
Recall that the military was the first major American institution to integrate, under the order of Harry Truman. Surely, Sessions wouldn't try to resegregate American armed forces, in which he served, but his ascent to the top civilian defense job would send a terrible message to people of color who wish to protect their country.
The people of Alabama have a right to elect whomever they want to the Senate; but the Senate has a responsibility to prevent the federal government from becoming a haven for white nationalists and their friends. Sessions is a favorite of Stormfront, the white-nationalist web community founded by former Klansman Don Black. His confirmation would reinforce Trump's appointment of white nationalist Steve Bannon to the top strategist's role at the White House.
[Sessions Feels Vindicated by Trump's Nativist Surge]
Sessions has been normalized by his two decades of service in the Senate (such an outsider!), but his views are more than a little bit outside the mainstream. Just in the last several years, he opposed the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, efforts to remove the Confederate battle flag from display on state property, and the repeal of the “Don't Ask, Don't Tell” law. On the latter, he said gay servicemembers would have a “corrosive” effect on morale.
He has repeatedly voted against defense authorization bills — the legislation setting policy for the U.S. armed services — because he has disagreed with policies like the “Don't Ask, Don't Tell” repeal and a hate-crimes rider.
Over the years, Sessions has learned the lesson taught by his first confirmation — to mask his contempt for racial, ethnic and sexual minorities.
For example, his opposition to bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform legislation is couched in concern for American citizens losing out on jobs to undocumented workers.
“Why would any member of Congress want to vote for a bill at a time of high unemployment, falling wages, to bring in a huge surge of new labor that can only hurt the poorest among us,” he said on “Face the Nation” in 2013. Well, the national unemployment rate is currently below 5 percent. In the fourth quarter of 2015, according to the Economic Policy Institute, Alabama's white unemployment rate was 4.1 percent — or essentially, full employment. What's Sessions really worried about? It's not Hispanic immigrants taking jobs from Alabamians.
It's clear that Sessions is unfit for the post of attorney general, where nonwhites would have good reason to fear that he would actively or passively defang the enforcement of federal civil rights laws. But Americans should also expect that their Defense and Homeland Security secretaries respect basic American concepts of equality and justice. How can Sessions effectively lead departments where minorities and LGBT Americans work?
[Trump Lays Out Agenda of Obamacare Changes, Immigration, Tax Cuts]
On deportation, Sessions is actually far more hawkish than Trump. He complained a few years ago that only undocumented immigrants who have committed crimes other than those involving their mere presence in the U.S. were being deported. That is Trump's current policy — unless Trump is playing word games.
“The federal government has reached a point now where virtually no one is being deported except those being convicted of serious crimes,” he said in 2013. It's hard to be more radical than Trump on combating illegal immigration, but Sessions is there. More important, he's exhibited little humanity when talking about children of undocumented immigrants.
Here's what he said to the Washington Examiner after the administration announced it was considering placing 2,000 undocumented children in Alabama:
“What's happening in Alabama is happening this around the country and it is the result of idiotic policy cannot never work, that's encouraging more people to come illegally, and then we treat them, we house them, we feed them for months, and we release them basically on bail and then they just go where they wanted to go to begin with.”
Remember, these are children Sessions is talking about. Perhaps he would do to well to remember the verse from Leviticus that admonishes people to treat foreigners as they would treat themselves.
But, if Sessions is nominated for a Cabinet post, senators should keep in mind what he said during Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor's confirmation hearing: “I will not vote for, and no senator should vote for, anyone who will not render justice impartially.”
Roll Call columnist Jonathan Allen is co-author of the New York Times-bestselling Clinton biography “HRC” and has covered Congress, the White House and elections over the past 15 years.
Image copyright Getty Images
MPs are set to vote on whether Sir Philip Green should be stripped of his knighthood, BBC Newsnight has learned.
The collapse of retailer BHS will be discussed in a week's time, following a highly critical report by the Business and Pension Committees.
An amendment has now been added to that debate, calling for Sir Philip's honour to be cancelled.
It is believed to be the first time that MPs have ever debated a motion on whether to annul an honour.
The motion has been put forward by Conservative MP Richard Fuller and independent MP Michelle Thomson, and comes less than two months after the final BHS store closed its doors. The vote will be on 20 October.
The task of annulling knighthoods is not in the gift of the House of Commons, but instead rests with an ad hoc committee, known as the Honours Forfeiture Committee, which is chaired by the head of the civil service. The parliamentary motion "calls on the Honours Forfeiture Committee to cancel and annul [Sir Philip Green's knighthood]".
Sir Philip, whose retail empire includes Top Shop, Top Man, Burton and Dorothy Perkins was granted an honour just over a decade ago, in June 2006. It was given "for services to retail", but his reputation as a retailer has been severely damaged over the past year.
Under pressure
Sir Philip has come under relentless scrutiny since selling BHS for £1 to a little-known entrepreneur, Dominic Chappell, in March 2015.
Mr Chappell had barely any experience of working in retail, and had been declared bankrupt at least twice. What followed was a year of decline and collapse, with the chain going into administration a year after its sale, before closing its doors for good a few months later.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption 11,000 people lost their jobs as a result of the collapse of BHS
The failure of BHS put 11,000 people out of work, and also left behind a pension scheme that had a shortfall of around £570m. Sir Philip says he is in talks about how to close that gap, but he has faced criticism for his stewardship of the company, and his failure to sort out its troubled pension scheme.
"His actions at BHS were of such a nature as to make it faintly ridiculous for him to continue to warrant an award for services to retailing," Mr Fuller told BBC Newsnight. "I'm putting forward this amendment for the simple reason that he warrants losing his knighthood.
"This is about expressing a legitimate sentiment about the way someone has behaved - it's not populist screaming, it's not a deal being done behind closed doors."
The prospect of Sir Philip losing his knighthood was first raised in June by Frank Field, chair of the Pensions Committee. At the time, Sir Philip said it was an attempt "to destroy my reputation".
Sir Philip has a fortune estimated at more than £3bn. During his ownership of BHS, he was paid more than £400m in dividends. Those close to him say his knighthood remains a source of great pride to him and to his family.
Wednesday, the Yankees announced a new policy preventing fans from printing tickets at home. Officially, the reasoning for this was that there are fraud issues with tickets you can print at home.
Of course, the real reason is that the Yankees have a long-standing beef with StubHub because they have a deal with Ticketmaster. StubHub sells a lot of print-at-home tickets, but the team's official Ticketmaster-run secondary exchange only uses electronic tickets -- and also has a price floor to prevent tickets from being sold at below-market values.
Okay, that's some BS. The Yankees are jerks who are using consumer fraud as a veneer for a new policy that helps their partners make money at the expense of fans. Breaking news: A team did some BS stuff to make money.
But on Thursday, COO Lonn Trost spoke about the decision, and he gave an even more troubling reason why the team was instituting the policy!
"The problem below market at a certain point is that if you buy a ticket in a very premium location and pay a substantial amount of money. It's not that we don't want that fan to sell it, but that fan is sitting there having paid a substantial amount of money for a ticket and [another] fan picks it up for a buck-and-a-half and sits there, and it's frustrating to the purchaser of the full amount." Trost then added a comment that raised eyebrows on social media because of its seemingly elitist undertones. "And quite frankly," he said, "the fan may be someone who has never sat in a premium location. So that's a frustration to our existing fan base."
Trost somehow took "we're instituting a policy designed to make fans pay more money because it will help our corporate partners make more money" and made it WORSE. He pretty explicitly said the team is worried that its richest fans might have to sit next to poorer folks. All baseball teams are greedy, not many publicly endorse class segregation.
It's the "that fan may be someone who has never sat in a premium location" that really does it. He makes it clear that he's not simply trying to prevent high-paying fans from feeling frustrated that they overpaid. He's trying to prevent the hyper-rich people paying face value from having to sit next to people who don't belong.
Let's have some sympathy for the devil. Of course, there are humans in this world who pay for exclusivity, and when their restaurant or country club or, um, seating section at a popular sporting event becomes less exclusive, they'll get upset. They'll complain, and maybe even stop buying tickets. As gross as it sounds, the Yankees are a business, and they do have to worry that their wealthiest fans might stop paying big bucks if exposed to poorer people.
But if people are getting into nice seats at low prices and scaring off hyper-rich fans, the problem here isn't the regular folks. They're just paying market value. The problem is that the Yankees set absurdly high prices, so high that people paying for tickets might expect them to come with a presumed velvet rope keeping the poors out. If the actual market value of those tickets is removing that imaginary velvet rope, your ticket prices are making a promise of exclusivity you can't keep.
Google has quietly bought seven robotics companies, and has given Andy Rubin, the man who originally led the Android project, the job of developing Google's first robot army. And so, the New York Times suggests it might only be a few years before a Google robot driving in a Google car is delivering products to your door.
Google-bot: The M1 Mobile Manipulator from Meka, one of several robot companies acquired recently by Google.
I somehow doubt Google has anything quite so futuristic in mind. I think the effort is quite similar to both Google's self-driving car endeavor and its Android project. In other words, it's all about gaining a dominant position in markets where data is about to explode.
Take Google's self-driving cars. Contrary to common perception, the company didn't “invent” this technology; most carmakers were already working on autonomous system when Google got involved, and academic researchers had made dramatic recent progress—propelled in large part by several DARPA challenges (see “Driverless Cars Are Further Away than You Think”). Google just saw that this was where the automotive industry was headed, and realized that the advent of automation, telematics, and communication would mean a tsunami of data that it could both supply and profit from. Given that many of us spend several hours a day in automobiles, this data could help Google learn more about users and tailor its products accordingly.
Similarly, I suspect Google has recognized that a new generation of smarter, safer industrial robots is rapidly emerging (see “This Robot Could Transform Manufacturing” and “Why This Might Be the Model-T of Workplace Robots”), and it's realized that these bots could have a huge impact both at work and at home. Whoever provides the software that controls and manages these robots not only stands to make a fortune by selling that software but will have access to a vast new repository of data about how we live and work.
In this sense, I think Google is being true to its stated mission to “organize the world's information”—although it's worth noting that in an increasingly connected and data-rich world, that could mean seeking to organize just about every aspect of our lives. Luckily for Google, it may soon have a robot army to help it keep everything in order.
The President says he'll axe all the officials of an unspecified commission 'on Monday'
Published 7:29 PM, December 08, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Taking his anti-corruption drive to another level, President Rodrigo Duterte claimed on Friday, December 8, that he is about to fire an entire commission.
"On Monday, I will fire about one commission mismo, lahat sila (all of them)," said Duterte speaking at the 84th anniversary celebration of the Department of Labor and Employment in San Miguel, Bulacan.
In his entire speech, the President did not name the commission.
He spoke of irregularities in the commission but did not give specific details. He's sure of one thing: that even officials not directly involved in the questionable activities would have known about them.
"Wala akong pakialam kung nakisali lahat o dalawa, tatlo (I don't care if all were involved, or only 2 or 3), you have to go out because I don't think it would exist without your knowlege," said the President.
While not clear if related to the commission he says he will fire, frequent and unnecessary foreign travels by government officials is one thing Duterte mentioned would cause him to fire someone.
"If you are somebody who has been in and out of the country 6 times since you were appointed in September using public money, umalis ka na (get out now)," he said.
"May linggo (You have the weekend. There's still time enough for you to ponder and tender your resignation)," Duterte added.
He reminded government officials, especially his appointees, to inform him before they travel abroad for official business.
"Didn't I say, don't travel if I don't know about it? Because constant travels with no use, that's a junket and you're wasting money," he said in a mix of English and Filipino.
To drive home his point, Duterte recalled the budget undersecretary he had fired two months ago, Gertrudo de Leon.
The President said he wanted to "kick him in the face" but could not because the former official was a "friend" of Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea. – Rappler.com
About This Game
Take the helm of a gigantic capital ship and get ready for battle. Regular Episodes give you new maps and ways to fight - or play 5-v-5 PvE or PvP in classic Conquest – the high intensity moments of a shooter combine with careful team tactics and positioning as you battle across a multi-sector map.Fractured Space is an award winning team game. You can choose to play alone with a team of bots to help you, with other players against a team of ais, or in full PvP. New episodes are introduced regularly and are free-to-play, though all the legacy episodes and their content packs are also available for purchase and solo play.The game puts you in control of an immense capital ship, and there are dozens to unlock and select. Each ship has its own strengths and weakness, and a carefully selected crew can make all the difference in battle. Battle is what it's all about – whether you fight in 5-v-5 Conquest against other players or take on the challenges of each new Episode, your tactics will be put to the test.Jump into a growing, active, friendly community. Fractured Space is free to play, and we put gameplay first. We keep things fair by making sure you can't pay to win, and you will need to work to develop your own skills and play as a team to do well. Regular monthly enhancements to the game keep things fresh, and you can keep up to date on our website, in Discord or on the forums. We are also active on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
Newcastle Jets owner Nathan Tinkler has resolved to settle club's debts - but has baulked at committing to meeting the 31 January deadline set by Football Federation Australia.
In a statement of defiance aimed at the governing body, Tinkler turned the tables, declaring: “Is there also a deadline for me getting my $5 million back from the FFA. Is that a deadline too?
“That would be good. That would really help. FFA is at me for about $500,000, and I am at them for $5 million.
"If they want to set a deadline to resolve those two issues, then I will be more than happy to resolve it by Saturday.”
Tinkler was infamously charged a $5 million acquisition fee, plus $1 million for the licence to rescue the jets from insolvency in 2011.
He is the only A-League owner ever to be charged such a large amount to take over an A-League club.
In what was perceived as a further slap in the face, it later emerged that former FFA consultant, ex-ANZ Stadium boss Ken Edwards, was paid a six-figure sum as a commission to facilitate the sale of the club to Tinkler.
“This is storm in a tea cup stuff ... creditors are getting paid as we speak. It will all be resolved," Tinkler said.
PFA chief Adam Vivian weighs in
0:00 00:00 / 00:00 Share Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
“I have said to FFA CEO David Gallop all along that we will deal with bills and this sort of stuff and that is getting dealt with now.
“This media deadline until the end of the month is really just that. I have told David we will take these things on and put the club in good standing and that's what we're on the path to doing.
“We are taking the first steps and the process of recapitalising the club will be starting immediately.”
Among several creditors, the Jets owe $140,000 to Football Northern NSW, plus over six months' worth of unpaid superannuation to players - and FFA has the option of taking back the licence should the debts not be dealt with.
Tinkler, who on Wednesday signed off on the dismissals of three coaches and five senior players in response to a player-led mutiny aimed at overthrowing coach Phil Stubbins, believes the clearout is the first step in changing what he sees as a dysfunctional culture at the club.
“People forget that Ange Postecoglou had a similar clean-out when he took over at Brisbane Roar, and he went on to win back to back titles," Tinkler said.
“I am not saying that's what we are going to do but we certainly can't go backwards from here right now.
“Ange dispensed with several senior players also, of whom Craig Moore was one.
"And there he was sitting on the bench with him when Australia played against the UAE in the Asian Cup the other night.
“What's happened here with players is certainly not personal – it's the club heading in one direction and senior players going in another,
“It's not quite the emotional upheaval that certain people in the media are trying to portray it as.
“It's a planned strategic move that many people will say they probably saw coming.”
The cull has claimed captain Kew Jaliens along with teammates David Carney, Billy Celeski, Joel Griffiths and Adrian Madaschi plus assistant coach Clayton Zane, goalkeeping coach Neil Young and strength and conditioning coach Andrew Packer.
Tinkler believes that Stubbins, with a mandate to rebuild, can turn the team around.
“It's hard to judge a coach when he is forced to take on not just an inherited squad but also an inherited coaching staff – there are not too many coaches in soccer who can say they will win with any squad and any coaching staff,” Tinkler said.
“They need their people around them, people they trust and believe in it implement the style of play they want.
“Now Phil will get the chance to have the squad he wants by the start of next year and for the rest of this year he will have a bunch of players there that will have to prove they are worthy of being in that squad next season.”
Tinkler confirmed that a clutch of new signings will arrive in the coming days.
The list includes Olyroos striker Travis Cooper, Thailand-based Spanish Youth international defender David Rochela, a Korean left back and at least one player from a rival A-League club.
Tinkler said attracting players before the imminent closure of the transfer window had not been a problem, adding: “We actually think the situation we are in has made signing players easier.
"We are pretty happy with the quality of people who have put their hands up to join the club."
Photo
One skier's drought is a potential hiker's gift.
California's current drought has inspired DNC Parks & Resorts at Yosemite, concessionaire at Yosemite National Park, to open its horse stables, normally closed for the winter, and offer trail rides. Similarly, its Glacier Point Ski Hut, which normally accommodates cross-country skiers overnight, will be open to hikers by reservation.
The unusual winter openings could be reversed at any time if Mother Nature resumes seasonal behavior. “We had another dry winter two years ago that allowed us to open the stable and the Glacier Point Hut for hikers,” Lisa Cesaro, a spokeswoman for the concessionaire, wrote in an email. “A storm came through shortly after that, when we closed the facilities down. I believe they were open for a week during that season.”
Until further notice, Yosemite Valley Stable is offering two-hour guided trail rides to Mirror Lake three times daily for $64 per rider. Conditions permitting, hikers can follow Four-Mile Trail to Glacier Point Ski Hut and spend the night Friday, Saturday, Sunday or Monday in the stone-and-log dormitory across from Half Dome. Self-guided trips, including meals, cost $120.50 per person, with advance registration required.
But if it does snow, and the warm-weather activities stop, another park attraction will open: Badger Pass Ski Area.
Questions about the legitimacy and efficacy of the mass-surveillance techniques used by the National Security Agency continue to swirl around the globe. The debate in the United States has mostly focused on a misleading trade-off between security and privacy.
“If you don't have anything to hide,” goes the refrain, “you shouldn't mind if the government collects information to prevent another terrorist attack.” In this trade-off, security will always trump privacy, especially when political leaders rightly see preventing terrorist acts as their top national security responsibility.
But this zero-sum framework ignores the significant damage that the NSA's practices have done to U.S. national security. In a global digital world, national security depends on many factors beyond surveillance capacities, and over-reliance on global data collection can create unintended security vulnerabilities.
There's a better framework than security-versus-privacy for evaluating the national security implications of mass-surveillance practices. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called it “smart power.”
Her idea acknowledges that as global political power has become more diffuse, U.S. interests and security increasingly depend on our ability to persuade partners to join us on important global security actions. But how do we motivate disparate groups of people and nations to join us? We exercise smart power by inspiring trust and building credibility in the global community.
Developing these abilities is as important to U.S. national security as superior military power or intelligence capabilities.
I adopted the smart-power approach when serving as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Human Rights Council. Our task at the council was to work with allies, emerging democracies and human rights-friendly governments to build coalitions to protect international human rights. We also built alliances with civil society actors, who serve as powerful countervailing forces in authoritarian systems. These partnerships can reinforce stable relationships, which enhances U.S. security.
The NSA's arbitrary global surveillance methods fly in the face of smart power. In the pursuit of information, the spy agency has invaded the privacy of foreign citizens and political leaders, undermining their sense of freedom and security. NSA methods also undercut U.S. credibility as a champion of universal human rights.
The U.S. model of mass surveillance will be followed by others and could unintentionally invert the democratic relationship between citizens and their governments. Under the cover of preventing terrorism, authoritarian governments may now increase surveillance of political opponents. Governments that collect and monitor digital information to intimidate or squelch political opposition and dissent can more justifiably claim they are acting with legitimacy.
For human rights defenders and democracy activists worldwide, the potential consequences of the widespread use by governments of mass surveillance techniques are dark and clear.
Superior information is powerful, but sometimes it comes at greater cost than previously recognized. When trust and credibility are eroded, the opportunity for collaboration and partnership with other nations on difficult global issues collapses. The ramifications of this loss of trust have not been adequately factored into our national security calculus.
What is most disconcerting is that the NSA's mass surveillance techniques have compromised the security of telecommunication networks, social media platforms, private-sector data storage and public infrastructure security systems. Authoritarian governments and hackers now have a roadmap to surreptitiously tap into private networks for their own nefarious purposes.
By weakening encryption programs and planting backdoor entries to encryption software, the NSA has demonstrated how it is possible to infiltrate and violate information-security systems. In effect, the spy agency has modeled anarchic behavior that makes everyone less safe.
Some have argued, though, that there is a big difference between the U.S. government engaging in mass-surveillance activities and authoritarian governments doing so. That “big difference” is supposed to be democratic checks and balances, transparency and adherence to the rule of law. Current NSA programs, however, do not operate within these constraints.
With global standards for digital surveillance now being set, our political leaders must remember that U.S. security depends upon much more than unimpeded surveillance capabilities. As German Chancellor Angela Merkel, one of President Barack Obama's most trusted international partners, has wisely reminded us, just because we can do something does not mean that we should do it.
National security policies that fail to calculate the real costs of arbitrary mass surveillance threaten to make us less secure. Without trusted and trusting partners, U.S. priority initiatives in complex global negotiations will be non-starters.
The president, his advisers and our political leaders should reassess the costs of the NSA's spy programs on our national security, our freedom and our democracy. By evaluating these programs through a smart-power lens, we will be in a stronger position to regain the global trust and credibility so central to our national security.
PHOTO (TOP): A mobile phone simulating a call to German Chancellor Angela Merkel next to a tablet computer showing the logo of the United Staes' National Security Agency is seen in this multiple exposure picture illustration taken in Frankfurt, October 28, 2013. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
PHOTO (INSERT 1): Antennas and suspected covered windows (L) are pictured in a thermal image taken with an infrared camera on the roof of the U.S. embassy in Berlin October 27, 2013. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
PHOTO (INSERT 2): A National Security Agency data gathering facility in Bluffdale, about 25 miles (40 km) south of Salt Lake City, Utah, December 16, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart
ESPN.com is ranking the top 100 players in college football. As the rankings are announced, you can find them here on the pages of ESPN.com.
What is #CFBrank?
#CFBrank is the Twitter hashtag to use if you want to get involved in the discussion or just follow along.
How did we rank the players?
We asked 32 of ESPN's college football writers and editors to rate players on a scale of 0-10 based on their expected contributions for this upcoming season.
T-59. RB Karlos Williams, Florida State Seminoles
Score: 7.09
"Third-string running back" does no justice to Williams' role last season, as the former safety led FSU in yards per carry (8.0). With a veteran line in front of him, the former five-star recruit now has his sights set on the record books in his senior year.
T-59. LB Shaq Thompson, Washington Huskies
Score: 7.09
The junior has been an honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection in both of his years at Washington. But this season, with the possibility of playing both ways, he's going to be an even bigger contributor for the Huskies.
T-57. WR DeVante Parker, Louisville Cardinals
Score: 7.13
Nicknamed "Spider-Man," Parker enters Year 1 of the ACC era hoping to build off an 885-yard, 12-touchdown campaign from 2013. In new coach Bobby Petrino's offense, Parker figures to see his numbers, and profile, grow nationally.
T-57. LB Trey DePriest, Alabama Crimson Tide
Score: 7.13
After making a name for himself as a freshman on Alabama's special-teams units, DePriest has been a fixture at middle linebacker the past two seasons for the Crimson Tide. He will be the unquestioned leader of that defense this season.
56. RB Jeremy Langford, Michigan State Spartans
Score: 7.16
A former receiver, Langford came out of virtually nowhere last season to rush for more than 1,400 yards and more touchdowns (18) than any other Big Ten back. He was a great closer too, often sealing Spartans wins with a long touchdown run.
T-54. TE O.J. Howard, Alabama Crimson Tide
Score: 7.19
Don't look at his stats from last season. Just watch his touchdown grab against LSU and that will tell you all you need to know. Howard is a freak athlete with soft hands, and new offensive coordinator Lane Kiffin will find ways to get him the ball.
T-54. OL A.J. Cann, South Carolina Gamecocks
Score: 7.19
At a hulking 6-foot-4 and weighing 311 pounds, Cann is not someone to mess with up front. He owns a team-high 38 starts, which he began after taking over at left guard as a redshirt freshman, and he is an All-SEC and All-American-caliber player.
T-52. LB Eric Striker, Oklahoma Sooners
Score: 7.22
Striker is already one of the most ferocious pass-rushers in the Big 12 and perhaps the country. To cap his sophomore season, he sacked Alabama QB AJ McCarron three times and forced the game-clinching fumble. The scary part? Striker is still raw in other areas, and he figures to keep rapidly improving.
T-52. DB Jalen Ramsey, Florida State Seminoles
Score: 7.22
The Seminoles' secondary is loaded, but there is a faction -- a large one -- that believes Ramsey will be the best when his career is finished. He will be moved all over the field and should fill up the stat sheet in 2014.
51. DE Noah Spence, Ohio State Buckeyes
Score: 7.25
Blessed with a freakish burst off the line of scrimmage, Spence finished second in the Big Ten in sacks as a first-year starter in 2013. A suspension will cost him the first two games of this season.
ISLAMABAD: As per the statement of the army, one of the terrorists exploded the suicide jacket on his body, causing the deaths of 7 military men who were chasing them.
12 extremists bid farewell to their lives during an army land operation against terrorism in the tribal area of Pakistan, South Waziristan.Meanwhile, 7 army men attained martyrdom in Waziristan Suicide attack.
The ISPR of the department of Public relations stated that the martyred militant men included 5 commanders too.According to the report, a conflict arose in an area near Afghan frontier on Sunday night.The army stated that on getting pursued, one of the men in the terrorist group blew the explosive belt, due to which 7 army men lost their lives.
The Pakistan army has launched the ‘Zarb-i-Azb' operation since June last year against the terrorism to bring enduring peace and stability in South Waziristan and other areas of Pakistan.
The Army further reported that this area, which is adjacent to Afghan border, has been cleaned from the terrorists. However, operations against terrorism in other far and wide areas are still in process.
In these weeks, the terrorist abri in the areas of Shawwal and Datta khel have been targeted through the Pakistan air force, whilst their abri in Shawwal has been attacked with drones too.
It is being said by the leaders of Pakistan army that after prominent success of anti-terrorism operations in tribal areas, decisive operations against the extremist groups in other cities are also being launched.
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mark Hughes wants his Stoke City side to show Boro "what the Premier League is all about" - even though he says it's by no means an ideal opening day fixture for his side
Stoke's first day record under Hughes is woeful, losing all three season starting fixtures since the ex-Manchester United striker took charge.
Indeed, the Potters have failed to score in their three previous opening day fixtures under the tutelage of Hughes.
And the experienced gaffer isn't exactly jumping for joy at the prospect of facing a side in Boro who are still buoyed following that fantastic promotion last term.
“It isn't a game we would have chosen, for many reasons, but we are in a good place and we are looking forward to it,” said Hughes.
“They will have a lot of energy from winning games and playing well last season, and they will be hoping to carry that on.
“We are an accomplished Premier League team though and we want to show them what the Premier League is all about.
“We faced Norwich in their first home game last season, and we are taking 3,000 supporters up there with us, so we will be incredibly well backed, as always.
“We aren't going to feel isolated up there. We are ready for it.”
Hughes and his coaching staff have monitored Boro closely during pre-season and the manager believes he has a good idea of the set-out and personnel of Aitor Karanka's starting XI.
“You can have a good stab at it in terms of guessing the opposition personnel and gain some insight from what they've done in pre-season games,” he said.
“We've got a fair idea of which way they will go. They'll have options and it takes a few weeks for the game to settle down and everybody is aware of who's likely to play and who isn't.
“For that part, you can have a good idea of who you'll face.
“We go there in good heart. It's a season that will test us all. We'll be wanting to achieve...that never changes.
“We've got things that we want to do and that drive starts at the weekend. We'd like to have a good start this year. We'll try to make that happen.”
Hughes says Glen Johnson is Stoke's only real injury doubt ahead of the game at the Riverside, with Marko Arnautovic and Xherdan Shaqiri expected to feature after recovering from recent niggles.
Saido Berahino is still heavily linked with a move to the Potters with Hughes admitting he's still looking to add to his squad before the deadline.
“You've got to keep on progressing and trying to improve your ground and if you do that you're going in the right direction,” he said.
“You've seen the investment that everyone is putting in. If you stand still you get run over.”
Legendary rockers The Rolling Stones are set to play a free open-air gig in Cuba after years of their music being prohibited by the Island-nation's Communist rulers as it was deemed "ideological deviation". The Stones announced today (1 March) that they will be performing at the Ciudad Deportiva de la Habana on 25 March this year.
The ageing rockstarts will become the first British band to perform an open-air concert on the Caribbean island with the group declaring the performance as a "landmark" moment. Their gig will come just three days after another historic first-time visit from US President Barack Obama concludes. Obama will become the first sitting US head of state to go to Havana since 1928 with the trip designed to bring the two nations closer after the Cold War and years of trade blockades.
"We have performed in many special places during our long career, but this show in Havana is going to be a landmark event for us, and, we hope, for all our friends in Cuba too," said a statement by the band.
The band consisting of Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood will perform in a 64-acre sports complex near the capital. The Stones are currently on tour in South America, with dates this month in Brazil, Peru, Colombia and Mexico.
Their music was once banned by the ruling communist regime on the island for being an "ideological deviation" and counter revolutionary. But they were by no means the only household names to have their music banned, many huge artists were also outlawed.
They included Elvis Presley and The Beatles, prohibited from as early as 1959. The nation's strongman leader, Fidel Castro, later said he regretted banning some music and unveiled a statue to John Lennon in a Havana park in 2000.
As well as their show The Rolling Stones will also lead an initiative that will see musical instruments and equipment being donated to Cuban musicians. Guitar maker Gibson, keyboard maker Roland and cymbal firm Zildjian are a few of the companies providing the instruments.
With this extraordinary first volume in what promises to be an epoch-making masterpiece, Neal Stephenson hacks into the secret histories of nations and the private obsessions of men, decrypting with dazzling virtuosity the forces that shaped this century. As an added bonus, the e-book edition of this New York Times bestseller includes an excerpt from Stephenson's new novel, Seveneves.
In 1942, Lawrence Pritchard Waterhouse—mathematical genius and young Captain in the U.S. Navy—is assigned to detachment 2702. It is an outfit so secret that only a handful of people know it exists, and some of those people have names like Churchill and Roosevelt. The mission of Waterhouse and Detachment 2702—commanded by Marine Raider Bobby Shaftoe-is to keep the Nazis ignorant of the fact that Allied Intelligence has cracked the enemy's fabled Enigma code. It is a game, a cryptographic chess match between Waterhouse and his German counterpart, translated into action by the gung-ho Shaftoe and his forces.
Fast-forward to the present, where Waterhouse's crypto-hacker grandson, Randy, is attempting to create a "data haven" in Southeast Asia—a place where encrypted data can be stored and exchanged free of repression and scrutiny. As governments and multinationals attack the endeavor, Randy joins forces with Shaftoe's tough-as-nails granddaughter, Amy, to secretly salvage a sunken Nazi submarine that holds the key to keeping the dream of a data haven afloat. But soon their scheme brings to light a massive conspiracy with its roots in Detachment 2702 linked to an unbreakable Nazi code called Arethusa. And it will represent the path to unimaginable riches and a future of personal and digital liberty...or to universal totalitarianism reborn.
A breathtaking tour de force, and Neal Stephenson's most accomplished and affecting work to date, Cryptonomicon is profound and prophetic, hypnotic and hyper-driven, as it leaps forward and back between World War II and the World Wide Web, hinting all the while at a dark day-after-tomorrow. It is a work of great art, thought and creative daring; the product of a truly iconoclastic imagination working with white-hot intensity.
The promise of Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) is really bearing fruit in today's Web. Of course, we are not talking about internal APIs but of HTTP-based ones that allow us to interact with external systems—whether its saving or searching images in Flickr, getting weather conditions, or transcoding video. For many tasks, if you sign up to use the right APIs, you can build a fully functional application by writing PHP scripts which coordinate the workflow and communications between APIs.
SPOIL Your Users with Great Helper Libraries
Let's be clear about something up front: Building API helper libraries is hard. So how can we take the necessary evil of helper libraries and give our users a positive experience? How do we make sure our libraries are complete, relevant, and appropriate? We have to SPOIL our users with a great experience. by D. Keith Casey, Jr.
High-Performance PHP APIs
Today's challenge is to develop high-performance PHP APIs that provide a robust backend for mobile apps. And the principal problem is not only how to optimize the code implementation. I know that a raw SQL query is much more performant than any ORM is. But what about ongoing code maintenance and flexibility? by Simone Di Maulo
Putting the Pieces Together: Building APIs with Aura (and Other) Libraries
Over the past few years, whether folks outside the community acknowledge it or not, PHP has moved from a fractured, rather backward landscape to a more modern, collaborative one focused on building small, fast, reusable tools instead of monolithic, end-all, be-all solutions. This sounds a lot like the HTTP API-driven world we live in…so let's see if we can build a light, fast, standard API on top of light, fast, modern PHP libraries. by Ian Littman
The API Toolbox
Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) make a lot of things possible. But APIs are—not surprisingly—biased towards machines, not humans. Developers tend to be human, and I've curated a set of tools designed to help make working in this machine-to-machine world easier. by Tim Lytle
Help Wanted
During php[tek] 2015 there were great talks and, as usual, common themes that bubbled up and generated many side conversations. Two big themes from this year's conference were mentoring and supporting the open source community. Developers already utilize files in our repositories to explain what a project does or how to contribute; why not have a file that describes the skills and technologies used and what help is needed? by Quentin T. Schmick Jr.
Education Station: Hands-on Dependency Injection in PHP
One topic I'm particularly keen to talk about is Dependency Injection (DI). Why? Well, despite the wide range of benefits it offers, it's still something that, in the PHP community at least, isn't as well understood or widely used as it should be. It's ever present due to implementations in most of the common frameworks, such as Zend\Di and Aura.Di. But I suspect that a good percentage of developers are largely unaware of it. So, over the next couple of months, I'm going to cover what it is as well as how to implement a basic DI in your applications using some of the best DI containers around. by Matthew Setter
Leveling Up: Getting a Date With PHP
At some point in your software development career, you're nearly guaranteed to run into a problem in which you will need to know when something happened or when it will happen. In this edition of Leveling Up, we'll be talking about how to get a date with PHP, specifically examining some of the functionality that PHP provides with the DateTime class. by David Stockton
Community Corner: June 2015
An interview with Symfony's Fabien Potencier, php[tek] and Global Accessibility Awareness Day recaps, and more. by Joe Devon
finally{}: Where are All the Programmers?
We appear to have a mystery on our hands. I'd like to ask you, the reader, to help us solve this. It's a very simple mystery, mind you. Where are all the PHP programmers? by Eli White
'Googly-Eyed' Stubby Squid Captures Internet's Attention
toggle caption EVNautilus via YouTube
It looks like it could be a cartoon character, but it's real. And this little squid is making waves on the internet.
Researchers from the Nautilus exploration vessel were cruising along the deep sea floor off California's coast when they came upon the bright purple creature with giant, stuffed-animal-like eyes.
"Whoa!" they exclaim in unison.
"It looks fake," one says. And those googly eyes? "It looks like they just painted them on," another says, to peals of laughter.
In fact, the researchers can't contain their giggles as the look at the adorable creature. "It's like some little kid dropped their toy," one comments. The stubby squid stays stoic, gazing straight ahead with its huge eyes throughout the entire 2.5-minute video. You can watch the squid's big moment here:
EVNautilus YouTube
Weekend Edition Saturday caught up with Samantha Wishnak, a science fellow on board the Nautilus. She says the little cephalopod has garnered a big reaction. "I think it definitely captured the imagination of both our researchers on board and our hundreds of viewers who were watching when we discovered this guy."
And that adorable wide-eyed expression? "We probably encountered the squid at a time it wasn't expecting to see a 5,500 pound underwater robot moving towards it," says Wishnak. "Scuba divers actually encounter these squid at scuba diving depths, and they say that when their dive lights turn on them, they get the similar kind of deer-in-the-headlights look."
She says this kind of stubby squid are tougher than they look – they're "ambush predators you don't want to encounter if you're a shrimp." Wishnak thinks the squid was out hunting when the crew found it. Here's more:
"They're actually nocturnal hunters so they spend a lot of the day actually burrowed in the sea floor with just their eyes poking out. And then when they feel comfortable, when it's time to hunt, they'll actually start creeping along looking for their next meal."
They're also not always quite so purple, she says, because of a neat trick that involves activating a "little sticky mucus jacket." That means "pebbles, sand, whatever they're sort of burrowing in will stick to that jacket and give them a nice extra layer of camouflage," Wishnak says. Then, they lie in wait, "and whenever a small fish or a shrimp crawls by it'll actually sort of turn off that mucus jacket and slide out of the sediment to lunge for their next meal."
Pretty fierce for a creature that resembles an adorable emoticon.
Craving more deep-sea fun? Take a gander at this "remarkable little octopod," found earlier this year near Hawaii.
Queensland judge allows girl to end her unwanted pregnancy, taking into account concerns of further self-harm or suicidal behaviour if she is forced to give birth
A 12-year-old Australian girl with a history of suicide attempts was forced to seek a judge's approval to end an unwanted pregnancy under strict abortion laws.
The girl gained a Queensland supreme court order allowing her to have an abortion after a month dealing with a string of medical, mental health and child safety professionals, who all found her decision as being in her best interests.
Her case has prompted a vow by an independent Queensland MP, Rob Pyne, to introduce a bill to strike abortion from the state's criminal code at the next sitting of parliament.
The 20 April ruling by Justice Duncan McMeekin, published on Tuesday, came nine weeks after the girl, identified only as “Q”, fell pregnant to a boy her own age who still does not know about it.
Q told the court that her “very stressful” pregnancy followed months of emotional turmoil during which she had run away from home, cut herself and twice attempted suicide.
A psychiatrist and her parents held concerns that Q was at real risk of further self-harm or suicidal behaviour if forced to carry a child to birth. McMeekin was satisfied Q had independently arrived at her decision to end her pregnancy, a conviction she held for more than a month while having consultations with a general practitioner, a social worker, two obstetricians and a psychiatrist.
“She has no wish to be a mother,” McMeekin said. “Unsurprisingly, she feels that she is not fitted for that task.”
However, McMeekin said her consent alone did not make the abortion lawful under Queensland's criminal code, which required it to be “authorised or justified by law”.
The court order was sought in Rockhampton by the Central Queensland hospital and health service, where Q is a patient.
Pyne, who holds part of the balance of power in the state parliament, said the legal process forced on the girl was “cruel and unusual treatment” that should not be repeated.
“Because of cases like this I undertake to introduce a private member's bill into the Queensland parliament to have abortion removed from the criminal code, so this sort of thing doesn't happen again,” Pyne said.
“We are talking about someone who is vulnerable and I would say having to go through this process is cruel and unusual treatment to dish out to a 12-year-old child.”
'Abortion is a fashion,' says Northern Territory MP during RU486 debate Read more
In Queensland, it is illegal to carry out an abortion unless a doctor decides it is necessary to avoid danger to a woman's mental and physical health. The need to establish legal competency of a patient has meant doctors are reluctant to proceed in cases of children without the explicit authority of a court.
McMeekin ruled the girl be given the drugs mifepristone and misoprostol to end the pregnancy by 23 April. Failing that, he ordered a surgical abortion by Wednesday.
The judge found the evidence was “all one way” in favour of an abortion, citing the risk of “significant and possibly lifelong” mental health problems if it was not allowed.
The pregnancy occurred with the backdrop of the girl's “significant difficulties” in adjusting to her parents' separation, “with episodes of self-harm, absconding from school and thoughts of suicide”.
Her mother, who backed Q's account of suicide attempts and said she was in no position to assist with bringing up a child, flagged a “very real risk of self harm and or suicidal behaviour if her pregnancy was to continue”.
The psychiatrist said the “most accurate predictor of future behaviour is past behaviour, and [Q] has a very recent history of self harm and suicidal thoughts”.
“It is my opinion that termination of pregnancy would reduce those risks,” the psychiatrist said.
McMeekin said an obstetrician advising Q said the “risks of continuing the pregnancy (some of which were potentially life threatening) ‘far outweigh' the risks involved in terminating”.
“He also commented that there were psycho-social implications of having a child at the age of 12, with a ‘lifelong burden, which is likely to affect mental health',” the judge said.
The child safety department, which had earlier involvement with the family, also supported the abortion.
Caroline de Costa, an abortion law reform advocate and a professor of obstetrics at James Cook University, told the Australian that doctors were “being very cautious because of the way the law is written”.
“There is caution on the part of doctors in the case of a 12-year-old,” she said.
“Doctors intending to perform the procedure must now speak with the young woman and determine whether she is legally ... competent, whether she can make a decision herself about whether she should terminate the pregnancy or not.”
A Queensland court order was sought in 2008 to allow a girl, aged 12 but with the intellect of a six-year-old, to undergo a later-term abortion.
Larissa Waters, a federal Greens senator, said the striking out of Queensland's “archaic, harmful laws that treat abortion as a crime in some circumstances... is long overdue”.
“I warmly welcome Mr Pyne moving to update the law so that it is in line with modern values that trust and empower women to make decisions about their own bodies,” she said.
“Nearly a third of women will seek an abortion over their lifetime and they must not be made to feel like criminals for making their own decisions about their own bodies.
“It is deeply disappointing that the big parties have done nothing to get rid of these antiquated criminal laws that are completely out of touch with the community.
“Abortion should be decriminalised, and more than that, it should be safe, it should be legal and it should be affordable.”
Waters called on the Labor government to support Pyne's bill and for the conservative Liberal National opposition to allow a conscience vote.
Iceland's MPAA Pirates Software; Tries To Defend Itself On Facebook; Runs Away
from the so-much-for-that-plan dept
From the moment the contract was signed, everything went silent. There was no contact between SMAIS and us, unfortunately. We tried to contact them, but it didn't work.
Via TorrentFreak we learn that SMAIS, the Icelandic equivalent to the MPAA, was recently called out for pirating some software . The software, made by Dutch company NICAM, is apparently used for setting up a labeling/rating system for content including movies, video games and more. SMAIS agreed to license the software, which it received, but then it failed to make the payments. Any of them. At all. A NICAM exec is quoted as saying:This, as you might imagine, caused a bit of an uproar in Iceland, with people speaking out against SMAIS. In response, someone there (apparently without very much internet experience) decided the right thing to do would be to set up a Facebook account for SMAIS. Now, if they could actually discuss the various issues, that might not be a bad idea. But... that's not what happened. After being bombarded with critical comments from others, SMAIS shut down the Facebook account with a snarky note about how they needed to hire someone to run the account, and also about how they have "lots to learn." Though, they also claimed that "some freedom fighters think that only some voices have a place on Facebook." Probably not the right spot for a bit of snarkiness, but perhaps it's not so surprising.
Filed Under: conversation, copyright, iceland, infringement, software
Companies: facebook, nicam, smais
It's with some sadness and nostalgia that I'm letting you know the 78G is being discontinued.
The classic red and black and teal and green colours are soon to be gone from our shelves! We have a good inventory right now, as we stocked right up as soon as we heard, but once they're gone, that will be it.
We have carried the 78G for about as long as we've had Pilot pens, and it's been a real staple in our shop for an entry-level pen, and a personal favourite of mine.
I think what has really drawn me to this pen is the style and look of it. Most Pilot pens in the entry-level range come with silver trim, but on the 78G, the slightly tapered shape of the body, the finishes, the clip, the band around the cap – it seems a bit quintessentially old-style Japan, maybe even more “old-style” than even their now classic higher pens, like the Custom 74 or Custom 92 (which I also love).
The style is a bit vintage, which is no surprise since model has been around for a long time – it was originally released in 1991.
The 78G comes in fine or medium, and as with most Japanese nibs, the fine will be really fine and the medium will be pretty fine, too. The nibs are technically interchangeable with the Prera or Metropolitan, but they are gold in colour, to match the trim of the pen, rather than silver coloured, like on most of Pilot's other pens.
I sometimes keep my fine 78G with a permanent ink to use for addressing envelopes – I don't have to worry as much with different paper quality because the fine nib doesn't lay down too much ink as compared to my wet mediums and broads, and also about rain or snow making my ink bleed and my address illegible.
There is often a lot of comparison between the Metropolitan and 78G as entry-level pen. The Metropolitan is far more popular, and I think it's largely due to its material (metal) and its weight, which gives the Metro a bit more of a hefty feeling to it. The main advantages to the 78G over the Metro are the price, its screw-on cap (the Metro has a snap cap), and its light weight.
That being said, I don't mind a lightweight pen, and in fact I generally gravitate towards lighter pens, maybe because my hand is smaller.
I guess I kind of see the 78G as an inexpensive, classic Pilot pen – reliable and robust and a workhorse. It's the kind of pen I imagine sending Caleb to school with when he gets old enough to need to take notes in class, and with maybe a back up in case he runs out of ink.
The 78G comes with a squeeze converter, but if you'd like a piston or screw converter, you can get the Con-50. The Con-50 holds a bit less ink, but is easier to fill, and because it's clear, you can see inside to how much ink is left. I guess I like to live on the edge a bit, and wait for my ink to run out on me by surprise, mid-sentence, so I'm okay with the Con-20 squeezie.
The pen is being discontinued due to increases in production costs. Pilot has already created a new model to replace it, but the new pen, the 16-G, is currently only available in Asia due to limited production. We would love to carry it in the future, so stay tuned, but for now I'll keep my small stock of 78Gs nestled safely in my stationery cupboard.
I guess I'm a bit nostalgic over this pen because it was one of our very first Pilot pens, and one of the first pens we carried in general – it was in those early days when we special ordered these 78Gs straight from Japan, and we would wait months for them to arrive.
And, I'm especially nostalgic since the 78G features prominently in the first photo I ever took that got published somewhere – if you've been following us for a while, you might remember it appearing in the enRoute magazine photo, the magazine that comes in the seat pouches of Air Canada airplanes.
I remember enRoute asking if we had any photos to share, and having a panic attack over the fact that they were going to be counting on my photos, instead of sending some sort of legitimate photographer, and not someone who still has to tape down rolling pens to get everything into the shot.
“Tiny emporium.” What a crazy time of life that was.
Turtles! 100 diamondback terrapin turtles flash-mobbed a runway at JFK airport today, leading to closure of that route for more than an hour. “Specialists” (because have you ever tried to pick up a turtle? It's scary!) removed the turtles at around 10 a.m., reports the New York Times City Room blog. This is not unusual, apparently — the runway becomes a turtle crossing each year about this time because the terrapins are looking for spots in which to lay their eggs. There is an “ideal” one just on the other side of the runway in question. Meanwhile, the New York Post calls our hardworking egg-laying turtles “sex-crazed,” because that's what the Post does. And maybe the turtles are. Or maybe they're just doing what nature tells them to.
Unlike the geese that mess around with with our human air travel, the turtles were allowed to live and were relocated “out of harm's way,” for whatever egg-laying/sexing/air traffic control plans they might have to resume.
Because we're talking about turtles, someone has to make a joke.
“This may be a major international airport, a gateway to New York City and the United States, but any facility that is built on water, sometimes your neighbors come in a hard-shell variety,” [Port Authority spokesman] John Kelly said.
They — sigh — already have a Twitter account.
Remember Frogger? Now, that was a great game.
Turtles Force Runway Closing at Kennedy Airport [NYT]
TORONTO (Reuters) - Ontario's economy expanded modestly in the third quarter, overcoming a slight decline in the prior quarter and steering Canada's manufacturing heartland further away from the threat of another recession.
An Ontario government report released on Monday showed the economy of Canada's most populous province grew by 0.7 percent in the July-September period, reversing a 0.2 percent second-quarter slide.
The province, which relies heavily on the shipment of autos and parts to the United States, saw exports rise 1.1 percent, while imports fell 0.6 percent. It also reported employment rose 0.7 percent in the quarter, with the jobless rate at 7.7 percent, down from 9.4 percent at the height of the global slowdown in May 2009.
“We've had a modest recovery. Unemployment remains too high. This is all about jobs in a growing economy and will be in the next budget. So there's more to do. We are not insulated from world conditions,” Ontario Finance Minister Dwight Duncan told reporters.
He added however that Ontario's biggest concern is not Europe's debt crisis, but how the recovery plays out in the United States, Canada's biggest trading partner by far and a key market for Ontario manufacturers.
Duncan said the third-quarter data should lead to 2011 real growth of 2.7 to 2.9 percent and noted gross domestic product above the pre-recession level.
Last quarter, the auto sector was hit hard by supply chain disruptions caused by the tsunami in Japan, thrusting Ontario - and Canada's economy as a whole - into contraction for the first time since the global financial crisis.
Statistics Canada reported in November that the country's economy recovered sharply in the third quarter.
Ontario said real output by industry advanced 0.9 percent in the third quarter, following a 0.3 slip in the second, with both the goods-producing and service sectors posting gains.
In November, the province cut its growth, revenue and reserve targets, but said it was still on track to eliminate its C$16 billion ($15.71 billion) deficit in six years, without lowering total program spending or raising taxes.
The government will release its 2012-13 budget in the spring, after a highly anticipated report of policy recommendations from former Toronto-Dominion Bank chief economist Don Drummond, which is expected in late January or early February.
“The most recent numbers from (Statistics Canada) show Ontarians are saving more, they're borrowing less. I think government needs to do what the people are doing,” said Duncan.
Last night, Don Lemon introduced the 10 p.m. program “CNN Tonight” with these words: “This is what America is talking about right now. Does this offend you? It's the Confederate flag,” said Lemon as he held up the flag. “Is it a symbol of Southern pride or a symbol of hate?”
He continued: “And then what about this, does this offend you, this word?” This time, Lemon held aloft a black poster with the word [N-word] in white letters. In showing the word, Lemon was bouncing off of one of the day's big news stories, as President Obama had stirred controversy with his choice of words in an interview. “Racism, we are not cured of it. And it's not just a matter of it not being polite to say ‘nigger' in public,” Obama said on the podcast “WTF with Marc Maron.”
The president's use of the word, of course, startled some commentators.
CNN's editorial approach to the matter appeared to be a bifurcated one: Play the tape of the president saying the word, unedited, while resorting to common workarounds in describing the issue. For instance, “New Day” co-host Alisyn Camerota yesterday morning introduced the topic with these words: “He sat down for a radio interview with Marc Maron on his radio show. And it's notable for several reasons. First, he speaks very candidly about racism, and he uses the N-word to do so.” Chyron displays also hewed toward caution:
An article on CNN.com repeating Obama's choice of words carried this warning: “Editor's Note: This article contains language that some may find offensive.” Other outlets found ways to avoid thrusting the word toward their audience. The New York Times, for instance, headlined its story “Making a Point, Obama Invokes a Painful Slur.” Yet it still quoted in full from the president's remarks, as did other outlets.
The propriety of saying this word on CNN's airwaves received a patdown last night on Wolf Blitzer's “Situation Room.” Sunny Hostin, a CNN legal analyst, told Blitzer of her disappointment that President Obama had used the word. “I think language matters, especially when that language is coming from the leader of the free world, the president of the United States, especially as an African American man,” said Hostin. “I think what it does, quite frankly, Wolf, is give people the feeling that they, too, can use it. We hear that argument being made oftentimes. ‘Well, rappers use it, so I can use it too.' ”
N-word references, suggested Hostin, were prohibited on CNN airwaves — a state of affairs undone by the president's interview. At that point, Lemon broke in: “We have been able to use that word on this network for the entire nine years that I've been here,” he said. Guidance from the standards crew, said Lemon, has been that if an anchor is comfortable using the term, go ahead. Excessive use of the “N-word” formulation has the effect of “sanitizing” a racial slur, argued Lemon.
LEMON: If you're using it in context of a story, and it is relevant, you should be able to say it. And in fact, I encourage people to say it, because I think… HOSTIN: You're encouraging people to use a racial epithet? LEMON: … you should hear the — because you should hear the impact of the word. No, I'm not encouraging people to call people the “N” word. I'm using it in historically. If you are — I'm a journalist. Journalists are part of the record. It is our job to convey the truth and to tell people reality — HOSTIN: It's also our job to realize — LEMON: It's not our job to sanitize a word. HOSTIN: — that there are certain words that should not be used.
This is barely a debate. What Hostin is advocating here is a world in which intelligent and sensitive people cannot possibly carry on an adult conversation about racism. Mainstream media outlets and others have swung way too far toward “protecting” their audiences from a term essential to understanding U.S. history. Perhaps one of the reasons that some folks have reacted so sharply to Obama's invocation of the word is that big media outlets have spoken with a single voice: “N—–” shall not be uttered.
Lemon last night got hammered on Twitter for his placard stunt, as various jokesters inserted their own substitutes for Lemon's little billboard.
Best Don Lemon meme pic.twitter.com/ahw8SvW21S — poeticsocialjustice (@wonder_womanist) June 23, 2015
With brainstorms like that, the anti-Lemon faction is attempting to lump the poster thing in with Lemon's various instances of on-air stupidity. It doesn't belong. What Lemon did is good TV and good journalism. Tiptoeing around the language of racist hatred helps no one.
(CNN) Most eyes are on Election Day, but voting gets underway well before that. In fact, Iowa voters are allowed to begin casting early voting ballots Thursday.
If you want to vote and get it out of the way on your own schedule, you might be able to.
Here are the states that allow early voting and absentee voting without an excuse, and what you need to do if you want to go that route.
Alabama
There is no early voting and absentee voting requires an excuse.
Alaska
You can vote early beginning on October 24. Locations are due to be posted here
Arizona
You can vote early starting October 12. To join the "permanent early voting list" send in your form , and election officials will send you a ballot to mail in before the election.
Arkansas
You can vote early starting on October 24 at your county clerk's office on Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. and Saturday from 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. The early voting period ends at 5:00 p.m. on the Monday before Election Day. For more information, see here
California
Ballots for mail-in voting get sent out starting October 10, and county offices allow in-person services that amount to early voting by mail on the same day. Some counties open multiple election service centers ahead of Election Day. For more information, see here
Colorado
Colorado holds elections by mail, but also facilitates in-person voting. The window begins ahead of October 24. See here for your county.
Connecticut
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
Delaware
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
District of Columbia
The D.C. Board of Elections said it has expanded its early voting window, which now runs from October 22 to November 4. The early voting center in Judiciary Square will be the first to open, with others due to open the following week. For more information, see here
Florida
Georgia
Advance voting takes place from October 17 to November 4.
Hawaii
You can early vote from October 25 to November 5. For more information, see here
Idaho
Counties must send out requested absentee ballots by September 23. You can early vote in-person until November 4 , although opening dates and polling centers vary by county.
Illinois
You can early vote from September 29 until November 7. To find your location, see here
Indiana
You can vote absentee-in-person beginning October 12. For more information, see here
Iowa
You can vote absentee in person "no earlier than 40 days" before the election, which this year would come on September 29. For more information, see here
Kansas
You can begin advance voting on October 19. Advance voting ends at noon on November 7. For more information, see here
Kentucky
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
Louisiana
You can early vote from October 25 to November 1. For more information, see here
Maine
You can vote in-person absentee as soon as ballots are available "at least 30 days before the election" at your municipal clerk's office, according to the Maine secretary of state's website . This year the window will begin on September 24.
Maryland
You can early vote from October 27 to November 3 from 8:00 am to 8:00 pm, including weekends. The Maryland State Board of Elections says ballots for absentee voting will begin going out in late September. For more information, see here
Massachusetts
You can early vote from October 24 until November 4. For more information, see the Massachusetts secretary of state's website . According to the Boston Globe , this is the first time Massachusetts has had early voting.
Michigan
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
Minnesota
You can early vote between September 23 and November 7. For more information, see here
Mississippi
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
Missouri
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
Montana
You can vote in-person absentee as soon as ballots are available, from October 11 to November 7. For more information, see here
Nebraska
You can early vote by mail by contacting your county clerk or election commissioner from October 10 to November 7. It must arrive by closing time at the polls on Election Day. For more information, see here
Nevada
You can early vote from October 22 to November 4. For more information, see here
New Hampshire
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
New Jersey
You can vote by mail, which the state considers a form of early voting. New Jersey begins sending ballots out on September 24 and the county clerk must receive them before Election Day. To apply for a mail-in ballot, go here
New Mexico
You can vote absentee in person from October 11 until November 5 at 5:00 p.m. For more information, see here
New York
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
North Carolina
You can participate in North Carolina's "One-stop voting" period from October 20 to November 5. The state's board of elections said absentee ballots began to go out September 9. For more information, see here
North Dakota
You can vote absentee and mail from September 29 to November 7. For more information, see here
Ohio
You can early vote on weekdays from October 12 to October 28 and any day from October 29 through November 7. For more information, see here
Oklahoma
You can early vote from November 3 to 5. For more information, see here
Oregon
This state conducts its elections by mail. Send your ballot in from October 19 through Election Day. Request a ballot here
Pennsylvania
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
Rhode Island
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
South Carolina
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
South Dakota
You can vote absentee from September 23 to November 7. For more information, see here
Tennessee
The early voting window is Oct 19- Nov 3, but the hours will vary by county, the Secretary of State's office said. For your county election commission's contact information, click here
Texas
You can early vote from October 24 to November 4. For more information, see here
Utah
You can early vote from October 25 to November 4, and the Utah lieutenant governor's office said by-mail ballots will go out starting October 18. To find your polling place, see here
Vermont
You can vote early from September 23 to November 7. For more information, see here
Virginia
There is no early voting and absentee requires an excuse.
Washington
This state conducts its elections by mail. The 18-day voting period goes from October 21 through Election Day. For more information, see here
West Virginia
You can early vote from October 26 to November 5 during regular business hours and Saturday from 9:00 am to 5:00pm. For more information, see here
Wisconsin
You can early vote during weekdays from October 24 to November 4 and hours vary by municipality. For more information, see here
Wyoming
Courtesy Photo | Pfc. Frankie Noceda, a mortuary affairs specialist, explains the process of applying...... read more Courtesy Photo | Pfc. Frankie Noceda, a mortuary affairs specialist, explains the process of applying moulage to a mannequin July 31 to Lt. Gen. William Caldwell IV, the commanding general of U.S. Army North and senior commander of Fort Sam Houston and Camp Bullis, as Lt. Col Jack Vantress, Caldwell's executive officer, listens on. Noceda, who serves with the 311th Quartermaster Company, 77th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion, 210th Reserve Support Group, along with his fellow Soldiers, will prepare more than 1,000 mannequins during the Vibrant Response 13 exercise. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Lee Ezzell) see less | View Image Page
CAMP ATTERBURY, Ind. — More than 9,000 service members and civilians from across the United States came to Indiana and northern Kentucky to participate in 200 separate training events at 50 different places during Vibrant Response 13.
The 19-day major incident response exercise brings together local, state and federal agencies, including Department of Defense resources; it is conducted by U.S. Northern Command and led by U.S. Army North. The exercise lasts from July 26 through August 13.
The scenario itself is a daunting one – a (simulated) 10-kiloton nuclear detonation in a major Midwestern city – and is pivotal in its scope. It provides leaders the ability to confirm the training and readiness of the nation's new Defense Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Response Enterprise. The exercise required a unique collection of specialized military units, under the command and control of Joint Task Force – Civil Support, based out of Fort Eustis, Va., and under the guidance and operational control of U.S. Army North.
“Because of the level of complexity, we have had to build this [exercise] in order to confirm the capabilities of our response forces,” said Col. Dick Francey, U.S. Army North's chief of staff, who served as the commander of the operations group for the exercise. “It has made it possible and beneficial for other federal, state and local agencies to participate. This involvement goes to further the realism of the exercise.”
Perhaps one of the most important aspects of the exercise is the opportunity to directly interface with non-Department of Defense members, who provide valued insights on issues that might arise during an actual disaster.
“The exercise features a simulated death count of over 300,000 [victims],” said Justo Hernandez, a team leader with FEMA. “We don't even have that many body bags, much less a plan to notify that many families. But, we need to discuss a plan for that with all of those who are, or would be, involved in a catastrophe of this magnitude.”
It is insights such as that that makes the Vibrant Response exercise valuable because it provides the participants the opportunity to coordinate their efforts and further enhance their communication capabilities. They can then use those shared experiences, at both the leader and operator levels, to refine their plans to react if a disaster of this magnitude occurs.
Vibrant Response 13 also provides leaders the opportunity to work on the necessary measures they need to get the right capability, to the right places, as soon as possible, without causing increased strain on local resources.
“It's just not possible for the individual commander to pull all these other organizations together for training,” said Col. Sharon Wisniewski, chief personnel officer, U.S. Army North.
And it is that training that will pay the largest dividends if the participants are ever called upon.
“We can never say that we are ready, said Hernandez. “What we can do, however, is training such as this.”
The incredibly inept policies of French president Francois Hollande are back in the news.
Hollande is following up on his proposal to not let companies fire workers, starting right now with French carmaker Peugeot's Plan to Cut 8,000 Jobs, Close Plant
An article in El Pais has better details of Hollande's denial of reality than I have found elsewhere.
My friend Bran who lives in Spain offers this translation key paragraphs of Hollande's "Moralization" of Political Life.
Hollande says "Peugeot's plan is unacceptable and will be renegotiated."
Hollande accused Peugeot owners of having delayed the restructuring plan with the excuse of not interfering in the election campaign and denied that the biggest problem are labor costs, as claimed.
"There is also a strategy, a market and some shareholders who have distributed a dividend rather than reinvest them," he said.
The solution? "Have an independent expert examine the company, find a way out of the plan to close the plants, and create a strategic plan for the automotive industry and encourage the purchase of French products in France."
PSA Peugeot Citroen (UG) bond-insurance costs surged to a record, trading as if the French automaker has a 51 percent chance of defaulting as it cuts thousands of jobs and closes a plant.
Credit-default swaps on the carmaker's debt jumped 50 basis points to an all-time high of 800 basis points at 4:30 p.m. in London, Bloomberg swaps prices show. The contracts have doubled since March and now signal a 51 percent probability of default within five years. Caroline Brugier-Corbiere, a spokeswoman for Peugeot, declined to comment.
Peugeot's cash reserves allow it to “survive for one to two years,” said Xavier Caroen, a Zurich-based Kepler Capital Markets analyst who has a “hold” rating on the company. “We hope the French government lets them cut production and shut some sites in France, or they won't have any earnings in the future,” Caroen said.
François Hollande, France's Socialist president, has accused Peugeot's chief executive of ducking the blame for the crisis at the French carmaker, ratcheting up the pressure ahead of meetings this week about its plan to lay off 6,500 workers.
Philippe Varin, the Peugeot chief, says the hefty social charges imposed on French employers are putting an impossible burden on his company as it tries to compete globally, calling on the new Socialist administration to make a “massive” cut to the charges.
“It's too easy to blame labour costs,” he said. “There were bad strategic choices. There were delays in taking difficult decisions and shareholders who were too hungry for dividends when investment should have been the priority.”
Mass layoffs will occur before the law passes. Companies will move any jobs they can overseas. Ongoing, if it's difficult to fire people, companies will not hire them in the first place. Corporate profits will collapse along with the stock market should the need to fire people arise.
We've touched upon this video before, but not in this context, which makes it even more fun, if you ask me.
Cars is one of those movies that critics rank low on the Pixar totem pole, but if you're a gearhead, you stick it right up there with WALL-E. One of the great scenes comes when Lightning McQueen stumbles across Paul Newman's Doc Hudson, alone in the desert, reliving his dirt-track glory days, all opposite-lock and clouds of dust.
In Finland at last month's "Freak Race" event put on by a bunch of Ford aficionados, someone showed up in this chopped shoebox, and made just like Doc:
Glorious. If not for the fact that this took place in Europe, it'd be the most American thing ever. Compare it to the Cars scene below. Happy early Fourth of July.
President Trump chose to ride in a golf cart while his foreign counterparts took a walk through Taormina, Sicily, on Saturday during the Group of Seven summits.
The Times of London reported the six other world leaders — from Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy and Japan — walked 700 yards to take a group photo at a piazza in a hilltop town. The U.S. leader decided to wait until he could get a golf cart.
Trump was late for the photo, but joined the other world leaders during the walk down from the piazza.
G7 Summit Ends Without U.S. Joining Consensus On Climate Change https://t.co/ODJkxVm2Ms pic.twitter.com/4dql1Cf4vp — The Oxbridge Group (@OxbridgeGroup) May 27, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump's brief separation from the foreign leaders ahead of the photo op comes shortly after he refused to take part in a pledge supporting the Paris climate deal. The U.S. was the only country represented at the summit that did not sign the deal on Saturday.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said there was a “very intense meeting” where all six other nations “made it clear that we want the U.S. to stick to its commitments.”
However, White House officials said Friday the president's views on climate change were “evolving.”
Trump said in a tweet Saturday he would make a final decision on the climate deal later this week.
High performance computing firm SGI has denied any involvement with Cloudcroft Supercomputers Australia, a supercomputer firm that was founded by suspected bitcoin founder Craig Wright under his parent company DeMorgan.
In a letter featuring the SGI letterhead and the supposed signature of SGI APAC service director Greg McKeon, SGI acknowledged it would be assisting Cloudcroft Supercomputers Australia in the development of hyper-density machines and supercomputers.
"As a global leader in high performance solutions for computers, data analytics and data management, SGI considers Cloudcroft a worthy partner in the goal to accelerate time to discovery, innovation and profitability," the letter said.
The letter also highlighted the two companies have previously worked together to build Cloudcroft's first supercomputer, Sukuriputo Okane.
WhaTech has previously reported that Wright even presented lectures on supercomputers in partnership between Cloudcroft, SGI, and Charles Sturt University.
Further evidence to suggest that Wright was the supposed owner of a supercomputer was highlighted in a Cloudcroft blog posted in December 2014, which indicated that Wright at the time had intentions to build "the biggest supercomputer cluster in Australia, with just under 5 petabytes", in time for the release of the Top 500 in June 2015.
However, Cassio Conceicao, SGI EVP and chief operating officer, has told ZDNet that despite this, SGI has never had any contact with Cloudcroft or Wright.
"Cloudcroft has never been an SGI customer and SGI has no relationship with Cloudcroft CEO Craig Steven Wright," he said.
Conceicao added that SGI has no record of the C01N supercomputer being purchased or serviced by the firm. The C01N supercomputer, which was placed at number 17 on the list of the world's fastest supercomputer in November, is another supercomputer that Wright apparently owns. It was allegedly created when Wright merged C01N and Tulip Trading, Cloudcroft's supposed flagship supercomputer, into a single high performance computer.
(Screenshot: ZDNet/Aimee Chanthadavong)
"SGI has no record of the CO1N supercomputer ever being purchased or serviced from SGI, therefore SGI suspects it may have been purchased on the grey market," Conceicao said. "SGI does not operate, maintain, or provide any services for this supercomputer."
On Wednesday, a home located in Sydney, New South Wales, and offices, which allegedly belonged to Wright, were raided by the Australian Federal Police in relation to an Australian Taxation Office investigation.
While it has not been confirmed, Wright is reportedly involved in the creation of the bitcoin cryptocurrency. Based on leaked transcripts of legal interviews and files, Gizmodo and Wired have highlighted that there is evidence to suggest Wright, along with computer forensics analyst David Kleiman, who died in April 2013, are the men behind Satoshi Nakamoto, the creator of bitcoin that has never been identified.
Since the raid, Wright's online presence has been slowly disappearing. The letter, together with the Cloudcroft and DeMorgan website, and Wright's LinkedIn profile and Twitter account, have since been pulled.
Donald Trump has told the nation what his international trade policies would look like. Unfortunately, the policies — or anything close to them — would result in a negative shock to the US economy. The overall result would be major job losses and lower incomes for most Americans.
At the heart of the presumptive Republican nominee's proposals is the repeated threat to impose a 45 percent tariff on imports from China. Trump proposes what is effectively a high tax rate on all Chinese imports into the United States. (Trump has also proposed a 35 percent tariff on Mexican imports to pay for a wall.) This kind of confrontational tactic is a recipe for disaster.
The key point is that we sell to — as well as buy from — China. If we were to impose a large tariff or otherwise cut off trade, what would China (or any country) do? They would respond with a similar tariff or other restriction on our exports to them — affecting a wide range of sectors, including agriculture, autos, and high tech.
Advertisement
According to the International Trade Administration, exports of goods and services directly support around 11.5 million jobs in the United States. The latest data are averages for 2015; total nonfarm employment at the end of that year was just over 143 million. Trade is a significant part of the economy — and the employment effects are two or three times larger if indirect effects are included, such as the jobs and incomes of people who provide local services (e.g., restaurants where export sector workers eat, and so on).
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Almost everywhere in the United States is connected to exports, one way or another. Detailed data are available by state for goods exports (but not for services) — showing more than 2.6 million jobs supported in the South, 1.6 million jobs in the Midwest, 1.5 million jobs in the West, and 880,000 jobs in the Northeast (all figures are for 2015).
Some of the states with relatively high shares of jobs supported by exports are presumed to be voting Democratic in November — including California (where 11 percent of all jobs are in exports), Washington (6 percent), Illinois (5 percent), and New York (5 percent). But other export-intensive states include Texas, the most export-dependent state (16 percent of jobs there depend on the export of goods).
And a number of obvious potential battleground states for November have a high share of jobs in export industries, including Florida (4 percent) and Ohio (4 percent). It is also hard to imagine that the tourism-based part of the Nevada economy would do well during a trade war with China.
One recent suggestion from Republican strategists is that Trump should focus more of his attention on Michigan, Pennsylvania, Iowa, Missouri, and Wisconsin — with the reasoning being that blue collar, middle-income households may find his messages appealing. But Michigan and Pennsylvania have a relatively high share of jobs supported by goods exports (4 percent and 3 percent, respectively). In Iowa, more than 100,000 people work in the export sector; the number is similar in Wisconsin and only slightly smaller in Missouri. In any finely balanced electoral situation, proposing to immediately reduce our exports is hardly likely to win support.
Advertisement
China is our single most important trading partner — measured in terms of jobs supported by goods exports. By state, Washington exports the most to China, followed by California and Texas. Nationwide the Department of Commerce estimates 678,000 people work directly producing goods sold to China — this is 10 percent of all US jobs supported by exports. And jobs resulting from goods exports to China have grown rapidly — over 200,000 new jobs from 2009 to 2014.
The data on services suggest a similar pattern — China is our fourth largest export destination, again measured in terms of jobs supported (273,000 jobs in 2014). And jobs in service exports to China grew more in absolute terms from 2009 through 2014 (by 143,000 jobs) than jobs involved in exporting services to any other country.
Taking the goods and services numbers together, exports to China in 2014 supported nearly 1 million jobs directly — and at least that many jobs again in terms of indirect effects.
The available data are not perfect and do not pick up all the ways in which components are assembled or corporate teams work across state borders in the US.
To think about the potential impact of Trump's policies, just ask your friends what would happen if China (and Mexico, and perhaps some other places) stopped buying their products. A trade war would hurt millions of Americans.
Simon Johnson, a former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund, is a professor at MIT Sloan, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, and coauthor of “White House Burning: The Founding Fathers, Our National Debt, and Why It Matters to You.
(This is part of my journey playing through Space Quest. You can follow the entire series on the Nostalgia Lane page.)
After that very, very long (but entertaining!) trip through Gabriel Knight 2, I thought we'd return to simpler times for a faster playthrough of one of my all-time favorite games: Space Quest.
My association with Space Quest began in junior high, when a copy of this game had been installed in our school's computer lab. I think our teacher was just glad that we were interacting with computers, period, and didn't so much care that we were playing games instead of programming. So I had the pleasure of not only going through this wacky adventure title, but doing so alongside of friends who were figuring stuff out as well. Multiplaying adventure games can be really social!
As King's Quest was to fairy tales and fantasy, so Space Quest was to science-fiction, Star Wars, and Star Trek. The first installment — The Sarien Encounter — came out in 1986 and used the same parser and look of King's Quests 1 and 2, but instead of being some noble wanna-be king, you were a space janitor. And not a very good one at that. The series went on to parody and lampoon wide swaths of the scifi genre (at least as we knew it up to that point in time) and had an even greater sense of humor and sarcasm than King's Quest did. I liked it because as a fan of both Trek and Wars, I was “in the know” and got plenty of the in-jokes and sly references. Plus, the many deaths of Roger Wilco never failed to amuse.
However, even for a short game it was kind of tough and unforgiving, as early adventure titles could be. Sierra took the “trial and error” approach pretty seriously and it was weeks before I could beat it as a kid. Let's see if I can do better today!
GOG supplied me with the original EGA version, not the VGA remake, so this is as authentic as it gets. Man, listen to that theme! Kind of catchy, even today.
So this is Roger Wilco, janitor of the ship Arcada. The game really does start you in medias res, as Roger stumbles out of a closet after a nap to find that the ship is on red alert and has been boarded. I got myself killed so many times before leaving this ship, because you're unarmed and if you bump into any bad guys you get creamed. Made me absolutely paranoid.
Oh yeah: The ship is also set to self-destruct. Basically, I'm screwed either way.
It doesn't take too long to find one of the titular Sariens. Thanks so much for making my day, dude!
Reload. Next to Roger's closet is the Arcada's library, which is a startlingly accurate vision of the far-flung future in which you must use a 400-pound terminal to order a slow-moving robot to retrieve a data cartridge. Roger wouldn't have done so, I imagine, except for the dying scientist who stumbles in and urges the janitor to grab information pertaining to “astral body” and vamoose.
Have I said how much I love this game's sense of humor? It's dry and blunt and completely un-subtle. Just like a good breakfast cereal.
Getting off the Arcada isn't too hard as long as you duck off to a new screen or inside a door if you hear footsteps coming. Of course, if you're an idiot like me who likes to wander out in hard vacuum, then you might find that getting off the ship is quite painful.
Escaping the ship requires nabbing a key card from the aforementioned dead guy, opening up the bay doors, finding (and wearing) a spacesuit, and activating the remaining escape pod. So… this ship has just one pod? I also grab a translater gadget because you just know that's going to come in handy later on.
But… but… I wanna! I wanna!
Fine, let's blow this joint first.
Hooray! I'm going to die anyway! Wheeeeeeee!
Might as well push that button…
OK, seriously, how awesome is this? The game makes your escape pod crash-land into King's Quest 1's moat. And you die. But you die in a very memorable way, which is pretty much the best reward that this game can bestow.
Nathan Newman, the housing activist behind the group More NYC, offers another suggestion: straight up cash. In a recent report, he argued that the city should drop inclusionary zoning and instead offer developers additional density in exchange for cash payments that the city could use to finance affordable housing programs.
While Mr. Newman's report overstates the amount of affordable housing a cash fund could create, its core insight remains: Inclusionary zoning generates fewer affordable housing units than a cash equivalent because luxury apartments make for an expensive form of affordable housing.
There is a recent precedent for a cash-for-density deal with developers. Near the end of his tenure, former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg proposed charging office developers $250 a square foot to build bigger office buildings near Grand Central Terminal, money the city would then have spent on infrastructure improvements. Mr. de Blasio is expected to advance a revised version of Mr. Bloomberg's plan.
A similar notion could work with residential development, but the difficulty would be turning development fee proceeds into new affordable housing. Benjamin Dulchin, executive director of the Association for Neighborhood and Housing Development, says inclusionary zoning is better than a fee because the scarcest resource for affordable housing in New York isn't money — it's land.
“Econ 101, money equals land, but not in New York City right now,” Mr. Dulchin said. If new dollars to subsidize affordable housing end up chasing fixed quantities of land and apartments, that could just drive up rents for middle-income New Yorkers.
Mr. Dulchin's analysis assumes that the supply of buildable area in New York City is relatively fixed and that the number of added residential units would necessarily be low. Because of the political barriers to rezoning, and rent stabilization laws that make it difficult to tear down buildings to build taller ones, his assumption may be reasonable. Efforts to permit more land to be developed or to allow more development on a given piece of land often meet resistance from neighbors, who worry that noise will increase, light will be blocked and parking will become more difficult.
This isn't universally true: At least one part of New York City, a cluster of Orthodox and Hasidic neighborhoods in northern Brooklyn, has welcomed increased density. As Stephen J. Smith has reported for The New York Observer, developers in South Williamsburg have aggressively pursued the right to build dense, boring apartment blocks to accommodate the area's rapidly growing Hasidic population — and the added capacity has helped keep prices relatively modest, far below those on the north side of Williamsburg.
A former Uxbridge, Ont., man who moved to Saskatchewan in September to begin his teaching career was among the four victims killed in the shooting at La Loche High School on Friday, his family has confirmed
Adam Wood, 35, died Friday, along with Marie Janvier, 21, and brothers Dayne and DraydenFontaine. Seven others were wounded in the violence, which took place at a home and a school in the rural Dene community of about 3,000 people.
RCMP contacted Wood's father about 2 a.m. Saturday to confirm his son had died in shooting, Ted Wood wrote on Facebook.
'Quite an adventurer'
"Our family, Adam's partner, friends and community are devastated by the news," the Woods wrote in a statement released later in the morning. "Adam was quite an adventurer, had a passion for life, and would often make you laugh until your stomach hurt. He was always up for a good challenge and lived each day joyously."
Wood had just started his teaching career in the fall after he moved to Saskatchewan to take the position. His family said he was happy and feeling fulfilled in his new career.
Adam Wood could put a smile on anyone's face. - Andrea Arkell, childhood friend
"It's a bit surreal right now," Diane Strong, a neighbour of the Wood family, told CBC News. "A lot of people are devastated.
"Everyone in this little town is definitely thinking about them."
Wood attended Lakehead University where he took the Outdoor Recreation, Parks & Tourism/Concurrent Education program, something he described as a perfect fit because of his love of nature and adventure.
He spent much of his free time outside, with the Northshore Telemark Ski School in Thunder Bay and the outdoor recreation society at university.
'He was very dedicated to other people'
Brian McIntosh, who lives on the same street as the Wood family, said Adam was "deeply involved" in a local church and was "pursuing his love of helping others" when he was killed.
"He was very dedicated to other people," he said. "There is really no words for it, really."
McIntosh's wife, Ramona, added that the community will rally for the Wood family.
"We are a very close neighbourhood. We are very close, at heart, with them," she said on her front porch in Uxbridge. "What else can we do but give them a big hug."
Previous Next
In a post on Facebook, Wood's childhood friend Andrea Arkell called him one of the kindest people she had ever met.
"Adam Wood could put a smile on anyone's face. One of the friendliest and funniest person I knew and certainly will be missed," she wrote.
At an afternoon news conference on Saturday, RCMP said a 17-year-old male has been charged with four counts of first-degree murder, seven counts of attempted murder and one count of unauthorized possession of a firearm. The teen's identity cannot be revealed under the Youth Criminal Justice Act.
FILE - In this Nov. 27, 2016 file photo, Mar-a-Lago is seen from the media van window in Palm Beach, Fla. The Red Cross may have to contend with the elephant in the room, and protesters outside, when it holds its annual fundraiser this weekend at President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The American Red Cross may have to contend with the elephant in the room — and protesters outside — when it holds its annual fundraiser this weekend at President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort.
Demonstrators are planning to rally outside the tony resort Saturday, drawing attention to the worldwide humanitarian relief group's somewhat awkward choice of venue. The event comes as the Red Cross is offering aid to those affected by Trump's moratorium on the U.S. refugee program.
It's not clear whether the president will attend the charity ball, which benefits the American Red Cross. Trump plans to be at the Palm Beach, Florida, resort this weekend, though his aides won't yet give details about his schedule.
Red Cross spokeswoman Elizabeth Penniman said the group takes no position on the executive order and strives to remain politically neutral. Penniman declined to say whether the organization has mixed feelings about the location of the white tie gala.
Trump signed an executive order Friday that suspended the country's refugee program for four months, stopped indefinitely the issuance of all visas to Syrians and halted for three months travel and immigration from a half-dozen other countries. The order caused confusion at airports, sparked protests and led to some U.S. residents being briefly detained.
Penniman said that at the request of local authorities, the Red Cross “will provide basic support to stranded travelers affected by the order, including providing food and water at ports of entry; blankets, toiletries and other aid; and health, mental health and spiritual care services.”
She said Red Cross has already responded to one such request.
Meanwhile, more than 1,000 have said on Facebook that they plan to attend a march tied to the Red Cross gala, called “March to Mar-a-Lago for Humanity.”
Trump's policies, including the moratorium on refugees and planned elimination of former President Barack Obama's health care law “will cause AVOIDABLE suffering around the world,” the Facebook page says.
Stephen Milo, a Miami resident who is organizing the protest, said, “The Red Cross does good things, but there's some irony in having the fundraiser there, and I do want to shed light on that. Wait a minute — you're talking about alleviating human suffering and you're having this event here?”
Trump, who bought Mar-a-Lago in the 1980s retains a financial interest in the club, which recently doubled its membership fee to $200,000. Florida business records updated just after Trump's inauguration list Donald Trump Jr. as its president and director.
Stuart Bernstein, a retired real estate developer who was the U.S. ambassador Denmark under President George W. Bush, said it will be a “great honor” if Trump attends the gala. Bernstein was the longtime chief of protocol for the ball.
“He is our president, and it will be great to have him,” said Bernstein, who says he didn't support Trump's run for president. He said he saw no issue with the refugee relief organization holding its fundraiser at Trump's property.
Penniman said the event is planned well in advance, before it was clear its annual host would be considered a politically charged choice. She also pointed to the Red Cross's history at Mar-a-Lago: It was the property's original owner, Marjorie Merriweather Post, who first conceived the event some six decades ago.
The event is a hallmark of the Palm Beach social season and is almost always at Mar-a-Lago.
Penniman said the Red Cross has not yet signed a contract with a venue for next year's event.
A permit for the Red Cross's 2016 gala, obtained by The Associated Press, says 500 people were expected to attend. Red Cross estimated the event would raise $925,000 and cost about $400,000 to put on. The permit also noted a $20,000 in-kind donation.
In 2015, according to the same permit, the gala and another Palm Beach event together raised $1.75 million and cost $800,000.
___
Associated Press writers Terry Spencer in Palm Beach, Florida, and Jeff Horwitz in Washington contributed to this report.
CENTRALIA — A couples therapy scheme gone very wrong is reportedly to blame in the case of two Centralia women glued together by the pinky finger using an unknown epoxy and a copper pipe, according to the Centralia Police Department.
“They haven't been able to feel their fingers for three days.” said Det. Patty Finch, of the Centralia Police Department. According to the Centralia Police Department, Rachel A. Deckert, 27, attempted to turn herself in at 3:54 p.m. Monday at the Lewis County Jail on an outstanding misdemeanor warrant for a driving under the influence case. She was served with the warrant but was turned away from the jail due to her literal attachment to her girlfriend.
The next day, Deckert tried again.
“She showed up at court today with her warrant,” Finch said.
She was still attached to her girlfriend.
When Centralia Municipal Court staff learned of Deckert's predicament, they alerted the Centralia Police Department next door.
Finch responded and called the Riverside Fire Authority for help.
“They came out and said, ‘Yeah, we can't remove this,'” she said.
The women each had a pinky finger in either end of a copper plumbing elbow, Finch said, and were secured in place with glue.
While being evaluated by puzzled police and medics, the women reported they had been attached at the pinky for about a week as part of a couples therapy devised by their counselor, who is a Finch noted is not a doctor.
“Their guidance counselor glued them into this thing so they could determine whether they could go through life attached to each other by the finger, I don't know,” she said.
Efforts to unstick the women were not successful.
“There was no physical rescue operation that took place,” said Captain Scott Weinert, of the RFA. “What complicated the matter was there was some kind of epoxy.”
Deckert was released, but the warrant wasn't quashed.
Finch said the prognosis for the women's pinkies doesn't look good, but she didn't comment on the future of their relationship.
“Medics said it will most likely require surgery if not amputation,” she said.
The women were advised to seek medical attention and left the court out of police custody, still side by side.
Efforts to end 50 years of war in crisis after Rubén Darío Alzate captured along with military official and lawyer
Colombia's president, Juan Manuel Santos, has suspended peace talks with leftist Farc rebels following the kidnapping of a general in a remote jungle region, putting the future of the process to end the country's 50-year-old war in jeopardy.
Gen Rubén Darío Alzate, who heads the Titan task force in the Pacific department of Chocó, was taken on Sunday afternoon by members of the Farc, along with another military official and a civilian, in a small village close to the provincial capital of Quibdó.
Santos ordered a massive search and rescue operation to locate and free the hostages while at the same time suspending peace talks with the Farc, which were scheduled to being a new round in Havana on Tuesday. “The talks are suspended until these people are released,” he said in a statement early on Monday morning.
“This kidnapping is completely unacceptable,” the president said. “The Farc is responsible for the life and the security of these three people.” The defence ministry said it had contacted the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) to ask it to intercede with the Farc to ensure the safety of the hostages and try to secure their release.
Alzate was abducted by men armed with rifles after disembarking from a boat in the village of Las Mercedes, according to Juan Carlos Pinzon, the defence minister. An army corporal, Jorge Rodriguez Contreras, and a civilian lawyer, Gloria Urrego were taken along with the general, but a soldier who piloted the vessel escaped and alerted authorities, the minister said.
Alzate was travelling as a civilian and was unaccompanied by his customary bodyguards despite going into an area with a known guerrilla presence. Santos asked his defence minister to explain the reasons behind the apparent breach of security protocol.
Senator Roy Barreras, a member of the congressional peace commission, told W Radio that the general's excursion “not only put the general's life in danger but put the life of the peace process in danger”.
Despite two years of talks, and agreements on three of the five negotiating points, no ceasefire has been declared and combat between the two forces, ambushes and guerrilla attacks are frequent. Last week two soldiers were abducted in eastern Arauca province and Santos had warned the Farc that such actions put the peace process at risk.
“If the Farc do not free the general and his companions unconditionally but rather try to negotiate, the process could go into crisis that could lead to a definitive break,” said Jorge Restrepo, director of the Conflict Analysis Resource Centre, a Bogotá thinktank.
Santos has made achieving peace with the Farc the main priority of his presidency but faces criticism from conservative sectors of Colombian society who feel the 8,000 strong guerrilla force should be defeated militarily.
“The abduction will be used by those who criticise the negotiation process to galvanise opposition to the process,” said Restrepo.
Former rightwing president Álvaro Uribe, who leads opposition to the peace process from the seat he now holds in the Senate, tweeted: “Santos has allowed the Farc to feel they are equal to the armed forces, that's why terrorists kidnap.”
The Farc had not made any public statements about the general's abduction nor the suspension of talks. The only other time talks have been suspended since beginning in November 2012 was in August of last year when the Farc balked at a government plan to put any peace deal to a referendum. Negotiations resumed several days later.
A public opinion poll published at the weekend showed that 55% of Colombians support the peace process but 53% are pessimistic about the outcome.
3. Kids rule the world
“My son doesn't like vegetables.” “She doesn't like going to bed early.” “He doesn't like to eat breakfast.” “She doesn't like toys, but she is very good at her iPad” “He doesn't want to get dressed on his own.” “She is too lazy to eat on her own.” This is what I hear from parents all the time. Since when do children dictate to us how to parent them? If we leave it all up to them, all they are going to do is eat macaroni and cheese and bagels with cream cheese, watch TV, play on their tablets, and never go to bed. What good are we doing them by giving them what they WANT when we know that it is not GOOD for them? Without proper nutrition and a good night's sleep, our kids come to school irritable, anxious, and inattentive. In addition, we send them the wrong message. They learn they can do what they want and not do what they don't want. The concept of “need to do” is absent. Unfortunately, in order to achieve our goals in our lives, we have to do what's necessary, which may not always be what we want to do. For example, if a child wants to be an A student, he needs to study hard. If he wants to be a successful soccer player, he needs to practice every day. Our children know very well what they want, but have a very hard time doing what is necessary to achieve that goal. This results in unattainable goals and leaves the kids disappointed.
4. Endless Fun
We have created an artificial fun world for our children. There are no dull moments. The moment it becomes quiet, we run to entertain them again, because otherwise, we feel that we are not doing our parenting duty. We live in two separate worlds. They have their “fun“ world, and we have our “work” world. Why aren't children helping us in the kitchen or with laundry? Why don't they tidy up their toys? This is basic monotonous work that trains the brain to be workable and function under “boredom,” which is the same “muscle” that is required to be eventually teachable at school. When they come to school and it is time for handwriting their answer is “I can't. It is too hard. Too boring.” Why? Because the workable “muscle” is not getting trained through endless fun. It gets trained through work.
There is a certain mystique to being the first. We remember and honor innovators and first achievers in countless fields—first in flight, first to walk on the moon, etc. Yet being the pioneer of a product category hardly guarantees that a company will enjoy enduring success. One study showed, in fact, that pioneers were more successful than late movers in just 15 of 50 product categories.
Pioneering and late-moving companies both have distinct advantages. Making smart decisions means knowing why many pioneers fail, why many late-movers succeed, and whether your situation favors pioneering or entering the market late. “A lot of times people are looking for simple solutions,” says Gregory Carpenter, a professor of marketing and faculty director for the Kellogg Markets and Customers Initiative at the Kellogg School who, along with Venkatesh Shankar, a professor at Texas A&M University, recently wrote a book chapter about the topic. “What we've tried to show is that there are enormous advantages to being first. But in many cases, that doesn't preclude later firms from being successful. In fact, the same mechanisms that create success for pioneers also create success for later entrants. In some industries, under some circumstances, it's much better to enter late.”
“In some industries, under some circumstances, it's much better to enter late.”
Add Insight
to your inbox. We'll send you one email a week with content you actually want to read, curated by the Insight team. Loading
Zantac or Coca-Cola? The ulcer-relief drug Zantac is a classic case study of a successful, late-entering product. Zantac was superior to the pioneer ulcer drug in important ways—it had fewer side effects, for example—when the company Glaxo began selling it in the early 1980s. A few years later, it was the best-selling prescription drug in the world. Other well-known brands have followed a similar path. Boeing did not pioneer modern jet travel, nor Google the Internet search engine. Yet both companies are now industry leaders. On the other hand, consider Coca-Cola. An entire section of the company's website is devoted to telling the story of Coke's evolution from drugstore curiosity in the 1880s to one of the most famous brands in the world today. Though many soda companies have emerged since Coke began selling its product, none of them have its story, its mystique, or its success. Coke's example highlights one of the great advantages of being a pioneer: you can become the psychological standard—the brand that consumers recall first and most frequently. And being the standard by which other brands are judged, pioneers are in a position to shape consumer tastes and preferences. They shape the product ideal and thus can be hard to beat. Pioneers also benefit from people's basic risk-aversion. Once consumers have come to trust a brand, they prefer it to untried, unknown alternatives—even when the pioneer costs more. Fast Followers and Late Movers So why are late entrants often more successful than their pioneering competitors? One key factor is that creating a product is costly, both in terms of the money invested and the mistakes made on the path to success. While the pioneer pays a steep price in creating the product category, the later entrant can learn from the experience of the pioneer, enjoying lower costs and making fewer mistakes as a result. Such a fast follower strategy is especially appealing to agile firms with deep pockets. “A lot of times pioneers are not very well funded,” says Carpenter. “They create a competitive game, and then they're unable to dominate it. Their resources are just too limited. So competitors enter quickly and, with more resources, are able to win the game that the pioneer has created.”
Mild swearing.
(Chrome may falsely flag the download as malicious, but it's safe to ignore.)
•
Supported Platforms
The game's engine is made for Windows only, with no native support for other platforms.
The multi-platform EasyRPG Player mimics the behavior of RM2K and RM2K3, but may not always be exact. (Make sure to treat the Data folder as the game folder, not the containing folder.) Also, for Macs, you can try a general-purpose tool like The game's engine is made forwith no native support for other platforms.Themimics the behavior of RM2K and RM2K3, but may not always be exact. (Make sure to treat the Data folder as the game folder, not the containing folder.) Also, for Macs, you can try a general-purpose tool like WineBottler
Troubleshooting
Make sure to extract the game to its own folder instead of running directly from the ZIP file. If you don't do so, any saves made will be lost the next time you run the game.
If you get a DirectDraw error, right-click the EXE, go to Properties, Compatibility, and try other compatibility modes.
If the font doesn't seem correct, download and install the
RPG Maker 2000 has some inherent, unfixable control bugs ("automatically moving in a direction" or "no buttons work"). The issues often seem to involve gamepads, or getting "stuck" on an input if Shift and a Numpad key are pressed simultaneously. Thus, try fiddling with gamepads and your keyboard until it fixes. (Reinstalling the game likely won't help.)
If you get "not implemented" errors on or near startup, make sure you have a working sound device (speakers/headphones). It can also occur mid-game if your system doesn't like a particular MP3, in which case, try to delete or replace the file in Music.
You may get "RPG Maker 2000/2003 RTP is not installed" or missing file errors on startup. This can happen if the path contains special symbols, causing files (including RPG_RT.ini) to not be found. Try moving the game folder somewhere without any special symbols in the path. right-click the EXE, go to Properties, Compatibility, and try other compatibility modes.download and install the MS Gothic font.RPG Maker 2000 has some inherent, unfixable("automatically moving in a direction" or "no buttons work"). The issues often seem to involve gamepads, or getting "stuck" on an input if Shift and a Numpad key are pressed simultaneously. Thus, try fiddling with gamepads and your keyboard until it fixes. (Reinstalling the game likely won't help.)If you geton or near startup, make sure you have a working sound device (speakers/headphones). It can also occur mid-game if your system doesn't like a particular MP3, in which case, try to delete or replace the file in Music.You may getor missing file errors on startup. This can happen if the path contains special symbols, causing files (including RPG_RT.ini) to not be found. Try moving the game folder somewhere without any special symbols in the path.
is an RPG Maker 2000 game created by S-tele. There's also Kirai Shouen on graphics, mao and ALiCE TAiL on music, and Mifo on programming (the battle system).It is the sequel to Touhou Mother , but you can get away with not playing the first game. (It's not as good.)(Content Severity: Mild)Unofficial (written by me) Battle Memory entries for every enemy. Contains spoilers for all enemies and bosses.
The Super Bowl performer revealed little of her plans for the half-time concert but hinted it would include support for the principles of equality and tolerance
Amid inquiries about costume changes, special guests and her setlist during a press conference on Thursday, Lady Gaga was posed a question that has intrigued elements of the media before Super Bowl 51 almost as much as the game itself: whether her half-time concert on Sunday will feature a critique of Donald Trump.
The singer revealed little of her plans for the 13-minute concert but indicated that it would include support for the principles of equality and tolerance, rather than barbs directly targeting the occupant of the White House.
“The only statements that I'll be making during the half-time show are the ones that I have been consistently making during my career. I believe in a passion for inclusion, I believe in the spirit of equality,” Gaga said, adding that she feels that America's essence is “love and kindness” and “my performance will uphold those philosophies.”
Gaga was a vocal supporter of Hillary Clinton during the campaign, speaking and singing at the Democratic candidate's final rally on the eve of the election. In the hours after Trump's victory she was pictured standing on a sanitation truck outside Trump Tower in New York holding a sign that read “Love trumps hate”.
In January the NFL denied that it would gag Gaga from making political statements during her show. There is speculation that Beyoncé, who was born in Houston, will make a guest appearance. At last year's Super Bowl she performed Formation, a song with a video that critiques police brutality, and her dancers wore Black Panther-esque berets and posed with raised fists. Also last year, during the half-time show at Levi's Stadium near San Francisco, Coldplay's set paid tribute to marriage equality.
Since Janet Jackson's “wardrobe malfunction” in Houston in 2004, the NFL has been especially sensitive to controversy during Super Bowl concerts. The league demanded more than $16m in restitution from the rapper MIA. for a middle-finger gesture during her half-time show appearance in 2012. The parties reached a settlement in 2014.
Asked about Jackson, Gaga said: “Everything's going to be nice and tight for the game, I wouldn't worry about that – unfortunately.” There would be “no meat dress”, she added.
The New England Patriots face the Atlanta Falcons at NRG Stadium in Houston. Football fans mingled with anti-Trump demonstrators by a fan festival in the city's downtown last Sunday, while politics in the NFL has been a hot topic since last summer, when the San Francisco 49ers quarterback, Colin Kaepernick, refused to stand for the national anthem in protest at police violence.
A plea to actors in awards season: dump the Trump protest Read more
During the campaign, and on the eve of his inauguration, Trump referenced his friendships with Tom Brady, the Patriots' star quarterback, Bill Belichick, the coach, and Robert Kraft, the owner. Just before the election last November, Belichick wrote Trump a letter wishing him luck, which Trump read aloud during a rally.
Brady was spotted with a “Make America Great Again” cap in his locker in 2015. He declined to discuss his relationship with Trump or give an opinion on last Friday's executive order on travel during a media event on Monday, saying he was “just a positive person” who wanted “the best for everybody”.
As Variety reported, one of the Super Bowl commercials set to garner the most attention is a spot for Budweiser which tells the story of the brewer's founder, a German immigrant. In the commercial, soon after stepping off a boat and passing through immigration he is subjected to comments including “Go back home” and “You're not wanted here”.
Marcel Marcondes, Anheuser-Busch's vice-president of marketing, said in a statement that the commercial had been in the works for almost a year. “We believe beer should be bipartisan, and did not set out to create a piece of political commentary; however we recognize that you can't reference the American Dream today without being part of the conversation,” he has previously said.
A television interview with Trump conducted by Bill O'Reilly, the Fox News presenter, will air in the hours before the game.
by Aliya Whiteley
Star Trek has had a lot of celebrity fans over the years, including Barack Obama, Tom Hanks, Mila Kunis, Ben Stiller, Robin Williams, and even Frank Sinatra. But perhaps one of the most enthusiastic admirers over the course of its history is none other than Eddie Murphy.
In Leonard Nimoy's autobiography, I Am Spock (the sequel to I Am Not Spock), Nimoy shares the story of how Star Trek came above other concerns for the star of such films as Beverly Hills Cop, The Nutty Professor, and Shrek. On the verge of becoming a movie star after making a name for himself on Saturday Night Live, Paramount arranged a contract for Murphy that came with a million-dollar signing bonus. But when the executives arrived at the studio where Murphy was working, it turned out he wasn't working at all—he was watching an old episode of Star Trek. And the executives had to wait until the show concluded before Murphy emerged, signed the contract, and collected his $1 million check.
Even after knowing this story, it still seems strange to think that a Star Trek film might once have starred Eddie Murphy. Although they were two of Paramount's hottest properties in the 1980s, how could they fit together?
The answer lies with 1986's Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home. This film involves the familiar Enterprise crew traveling back in time to the end of the 20th century to find one of the few remaining humpback whales, which they transport to the future in order to save the planet from an alien entity. After Murphy expressed an interest in appearing in a Star Trek movie, a number of scripts were developed with the hope of casting him.
Nimoy's autobiography mentions some of the possible roles that Murphy might have played: a college professor studying whales, a con artist, or even a "psychic investigator" television host who suspects that aliens are walking around on Earth and follows the Enterprise crew to try to prove his theory.
YouTube
Eventually it became clear that these roles wouldn't make the most of Murphy's talents, and he moved on to a different project. Instead the script was tweaked to provide a more serious angle instead, and Catherine Hicks was cast as the main 20th-century character: a cetacean biologist named Gillian Taylor.
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home became one of the most critically acclaimed and beloved entries in the Star Trek film series. One can only wonder how it might have worked out differently had Eddie Murphy come on board: A huge success for all involved? Or perhaps the kind of mistake that ends careers and franchises?
Still, nobody can blame Murphy for wanting to take a trip on the Enterprise; surely there have been many moments in his later career choices when he wished Scotty would beam him up ...
Staff at 70 Tesco stores will go on indefinite strike on Monday in a dispute over planned pay cuts for around 1,000 long-serving employees.
In 1996 Tesco introduced the so-called "modern" employment contract for new entrants which involved lower pay and conditions.
Pre-1996 employees were ring-fenced and allowed to retain their existing terms .
However, Tesco recently announced plans to transfer the 1,000 remaining pre-1996 workers to the modern contract - which Mandate says will mean significant loss of earnings for them.
That transfer to the new contract is due to take effect on Monday.
Some weeks ago, Tesco opened a redundancy scheme which has been accepted by 700 of the affected workers.
The remaining 300 have been offered a one-off compensation lump sum but their union Mandate has described that proposal as unacceptable.
Assistant General Secretary Gerry Light said that while the pickets would commence at the 70 stores where the pre-1996 workers are employed, Mandate is preparing to ballot members in all Tesco shops for strike action to support their colleagues.
Talks at the WRC last Monday failed to secure a resolution.
A spokesperson for Tesco said: "We're disappointed with Mandate's announcement that they will hold strike action on Monday.
"We remain committed to reaching agreement on this issue and earlier this week we formally tabled a generous proposal for compensation for colleagues in scope.
"We need to make this change in order to improve our customer service at our busiest times of the week.
"Our stores and online service will open for business on Monday as usual."
On November 9, 1953, the United States Supreme Court upheld a prior, controversial decision that allowed major league baseball to operate outside of the Sherman Antitrust Act.
The one-paragraph, per-curium opinion left in place a decision from 1922 from the Court that found that baseball, at its highest level, was an exhibition and not subject to the Constitution's Commerce Clause.
Back in 2008, baseball fan and current Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito explained the unique circumstances in Federal Baseball Club v. National League, that unanimous decision from 1922 that has received some criticism over the years.
“Of all the Court's antitrust cases, the Federal Baseball case may well be the most widely known, but what most people know about the case is not quite accurate,” Alto told an audience at the Supreme Court Historical Society.
Alito did acknowledge the legal critics who slammed three Court decisions about the baseball antitrust exemption, and especially the Federal Baseball Club opinion from Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. “It has been pilloried pretty consistently in the legal literature since at least the 1940s,” Alito said, referring to Holmes' conclusion that “the business is giving exhibitions of baseball, which are purely state affairs” and outside of interstate commerce regulations.
Alito believed the Federal Baseball Club decision fit with the Court's logic at the time and it wasn't the product of a baseball-loving court, as some critics have suggested. “In 1922, the Court saw the Commerce Power as a limited power that did not extend to all ‘economic . . . activities that have a substantial effect on interstate commerce.' This approach forced the Court to draw fine—some would say arbitrary—lines,” Alito concluded.
The 1953 case at the Court, Toolson v. New York Yankees, was the first attempt to get the Court to reverse its precedent from the Federal Baseball case. The one-paragraph opinion said that Congress was the best arena to settle the issue, and not the Supreme Court.
“The business has thus been left for thirty years to develop, on the understanding that it was not subject to exist antitrust legislation. The present cases ask us to overrule the prior decision and, with retrospective effect, hold the legislation applicable. We think that if there are evils in this field which now warrant application to it of the antitrust laws it should be by legislation,” the Court concluded.
But two Justices attached dissents. Justice Harold Burton said that “Congress, however, has enacted no express exemption of organized baseball from the Sherman Act, and no court has demonstrated the existence of an implied exemption from that Act of any sport that is so highly organized as to amount to an interstate monopoly or which restrains interstate trade or commerce.”
The issue came back to the Court a second time for reconsideration in Flood v. Kuhn from 1972, when Curt Flood challenged baseball's clause that kept players from being free agents. In the Flood decision, a 5-3 majority said that baseball was indeed subject to commerce regulations, but the subject's history compelled Congress - and not the Court - to take action to regulate baseball's business activities.
Justice Harry Blackmun's colorful majority opinion is still talked about today. Using flowery language, Blackmun finally concluded “that the remedy, if any is indicated, is for congressional, and not judicial, action.” The decision upheld the antitrust exemption.
Justice William O. Douglas dissented, even though he signed on to the Toolson decision back in 1953. “While I joined the Court's opinion in Toolson v. New York Yankee, Inc., I have lived to regret it; and I would now correct what I believe to be its fundamental error,” Douglas said.
In June 2017, the most-recent challenge to the baseball anti-trust exemption failed in the Ninth Circuit Appeals Court, when a group of former minor-league baseball players sought compensation for what they fell were low wages forced on them by major-league player-contract standards. The three-person panel cited the three Supreme Court decisions as precedents about the antitrust exemption.
Scott Bomboy is the editor-in-chief of the National Constitution Center.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 9, 2015, 9:00 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 9, 2015, 9:00 PM GMT By Jillian Sederholm
Harrison Ford is striking back at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, who the "Star Wars" actor accused of not being able to tell fact from fiction.
Trump told the New York Times last week that he enjoyed movies with heroic presidents — specifically 1997's "Air Force One," in which Ford plays a commander in chief who fights off a group of Russian terrorists who hijack the presidential plane.
“My favorite was Harrison Ford on the plane,” Trump said. "He stood up for America.”
Ford addressed Trump's comment Wednesday during an Australia press tour for "Star Wars: The Force Awakens."
"It's a movie. Donald, it was a movie," Ford growled into the camera. "It's not like this in real life, but how would you know."
No Holiday guest is more important than the turkey. But you might have a late arrival on your hands if you don't get it in the oven on time. Planning a 3 p.m. meal? You'll need to have a 20-pound bird (sans stuffing) cooking by around 10:30 a.m. Don't stress about the math—just follow our easy chart, with recommendations from the USDA.
Graphic by Katie Field
Note: For safety reasons, the USDA recommends cooking stuffing outside of the turkey to guarantee uniform doneness. If you do choose to stuff it, check the temp of the center of the stuffing to make sure it, too, reaches the safe 165 degrees F (otherwise bacteria could contaminate your cooked turkey). Keep wet stuffing ingredients refrigerated ahead of time, and separate from dry ingredients until just before mixing, stuffing loosely and cooking. Sticking with a casserole dish? You should still cook the stuffing to 165 degrees F.
QUIZ: Should You Eat This or That? Getty Images (4) Getty Images (5); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images; Tara Johnson for TIME Getty Images (1); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images (2) Getty Images (1); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images (2) Getty Images (1); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME AP; Getty Images (1); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME (5); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images (2) Getty Images (2); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME (2); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME 1 of 16 Advertisement
For more turkey and stuffing safety and cooking tips, check out the USDA's site, and find a complete Thanksgiving dinner menu here.
This article originally appeared on RealSimple.com.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Three children in kindergarten playing with building blocks and cars (Shutterstock)
Fifty years ago, Lyndon Johnson spoke of war on poverty and pursuit of a great society. He talked about investing in education and employment and about eliminating social exclusion that comes with poverty.
Above all, he pointed to opportunity for all as the backbone of a great society.
Since then, LBJ and the social programs that emerged during that time have been justifiably criticized. Nonetheless, that period of domestic policy gave rise to a conviction that fighting poverty was a national cause because the whole society is stunted and degraded when millions of people live poor.
Fifty years later, we don't fight poverty anymore.
No safety nets today
We don't even promise to keep low-income children cared for and safe. Forget safety nets; if parents can't buy their way out of economic harm, their kids lose – a lot.
We have a surfeit of data that show how poverty undermines health, development, emotional well-being and our whole life course. For example, poor children are more likely to have chronic respiratory and stress-related problems, experience obesity and to leave school before graduating, all affecting life opportunities.
We know that today almost half of US children – some thirty million – live in or near poverty.
Working hard, caring for each other, trying to juggle two or three jobs with schooling and bills that outstrip wages, people living these conditions are a big part of the nation. But they slipped off the policy map years ago along with the national conviction that the welfare of our people is worth a fight.
Over the last decade I have heard a lot about what happens when a nation backs down.
Living in poverty: the mother's experience
In doing research on wages and family life, I have listened to hundreds of parents – mostly mothers – describe relentless waves of crises in housing, childcare, transportation and the loss of public aid. They report a morass of obstacles to receive even the tiniest public help. They talk about a quagmire of low-wage, go-nowhere jobs that have irregular schedules, unpredictable hours and few or no benefits.
As one young mother explained recently, “There's no one that cares but you, so you do what's best for your child and forget them….” Another said that if your children are “…minority…or just poor,” no one seems to notice what is happening – “they just don't see,” she said.
A grandmother asked me the question, “How would you feel if you couldn't keep your children warm?” She went right to the heart of matter; how is it that we simply accept the damage and suffering that poverty is doing to so many?
A centuries-old commitment to public responsibility
Back in colonial times, poverty was common cause; everyone had to pony up whether they liked it or not.
If you were well heeled in a colonial-era town, you would be expected to house a struggling family or apprentice a youngster to your trade and pay a tithe for the common good.
While adults were expected to work hard and overcome hardship, the whole society was responsible for creating the opportunity to make that possible.
This principle – individual effort coupled with societal responsibility – remained a tense partnership for centuries, tipping back and forth.
Social programs such as mothers' aid programs, social security for the elderly and disabled, child health services, unemployed workers' jobs corps, and general “relief” for poor families were programs that would rise and fall back.
In the 1960s, LBJ described the war on poverty as society's commitment to “…millions of Americans – one fifth of our people – who have not shared in the abundance which has been granted to most of us, and on whom the gates of opportunity have been closed.”
While the great society programs that emerged may have been deeply flawed, that did not negate the nation's responsibility for alleviating poverty. Yet in the 1990s, domestic policy went into a full retreat, dramatically cutting support for poor families.
Change in the 1990s
Arguably, the greatest achievement of the 1996 welfare reform was the consolidation of bipartisan support for making sure jobs – any job, at any wage – became the sole option for poor families.
Messaged as a mix of personal responsibility and work opportunity, what was omitted was wage responsibility.
The low-wage labor market gained access to hungry workers who had no option but minimum wage, no-future work disproportionately affecting African American and Latino families.
The meanest betrayal of all was a collective shrug at the impact on children. Safety nets gone, parents were tied to jobs but were unable to cover rent and heat, far be it buy childcare.
What happened – what is happening – to all those kids when parents work multiple jobs, shifts, unpredictable schedules, and still can't pay the bills? Actually, there's not a lot of effort to find out anymore. But we do know half of US children live poor and that black and Latino children are disproportionately affected.
We know reams about the effects of economic instability on children and family well-being and it is not good news.
Wage responsibility: the elephant in the room
How would we renew a commitment to poverty alleviation in the US?
This nation has every possible resource to face the challenge. Foremost, we have a remarkably hard-working population committed to being responsible and independent. We also have a centuries-old commitment to public responsibility and investing in human development and providing aid for those who are young, elderly, disabled or otherwise need some assistance.
But the elephant in the room, when it comes to responsibility for causing as well as reducing poverty, is wage responsibility, decent jobs responsibility and business responsibility for ensuring that working people can take care of their families.
This has been a decade of unsurpassed wealth gain for the richest few. Now we are beginning to see evidence of a renewed antipoverty spirit at least on the local, city and state levels. Raising the minimum wage is a growing focus all across the country with ballot initiatives on the issue passed in five states in the November elections, including in so-called red states.
At the community level nationwide, there are organizations working to improve child care and other safety net programs for low-wage families.
Working people are joining up with progressive legislators, mayors and business leaders to take responsibility for building a better society.
By Lisa Dodson, Brandeis University
_This article is part of a series commemorating Lyndon B Johnson's Great Society programs _
This article was originally published on The Conversation.
Read the original article.
A strip club isn't the only place in town you can see a pole dance — amazed passengers on an L train watched in awe as a naked young woman competed with straphangers for space on a pole.
The performance by actress Jocelyn Saldana, 19, lasted just 30 seconds, and some of the passengers probably thought they were hallucinating or dreaming.
Most were blasé. But one woman started screaming and an elderly man next to her got the shakes.
That free show in mid-June — as well as similar ones from Times Square to Chinatown — were the creation of photographer Zach Hyman, 22, whose portraits are never under-exposed.
The photographer and his volunteer models don't spend much time on location. The model quickly disrobes and Hyman gives himself only 30 seconds to fire off 10 shots with his Hasselblad 500 film camera.
Alex Reisner, a 20-year-old Columbia student, had a very appreciative audience when she disrobed in Chinatown.
When Hyman snapped her jumping in the air in the middle of the street, the crowd burst into applause.
“There was so much adrenaline,” she said. “I was bouncing around for the rest of the day. I told him I want to pose nude every weekend.”
Hyman noted that “photographing females in public is easier than males.
“People see a naked woman and they smile,” he said. “They see a penis and they freak out.”
Hyman is opening a show tonight at Chair and Maiden Gallery in the West Village featuring 14 of his favorite shots of Nude Yorkers.
His photo shoots involve precautions that not many of his colleagues have to worry about.
Like taking along a lookout to spot cops, keeping bail money on hand, and making sure his lawyer is on speed dial.
“In Times Square, there are cops everywhere,” Hyman said. “It seemed that always right before or after the shoot, a cop car would roll by. Thankfully, we never needed bail money. But I have a clean record, so I'm open to the experience of getting arrested.”
Hyman says his series was inspired by classic nude paintings at the Met. Like those nudes, he insists his images are not pornographic.
“We all have these parts — it's one of the unifying aspects of being human,” he says.
jsilverman@nypost.com
The programme to pay cash subsidy to cooking gas consumers directly in their bank accounts has helped save about Rs 15,000 crore by stopping blackmarketing and diversions, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said today.
In his address from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 69th Independence Day, Modi said about 20 lakh people have voluntarily given up subsidy on LPG, helping widen the reach the scarce fuel.
The Direct Benefit Transfer on LPG, which has been recognised by the Guinness Book of World Records as the largest cash transfer programme in the world, has eliminated "middle-men and black marketers" and ensured the fuel is delivered to right people, he said.
Since the launch of DBTL, now named PAHAL, domestic LPG all over the country is sold at market price. Households get cash subsidy in their bank accounts to make good the difference between old subsidised rate and market price.
"We brought DBTL and took advantage of bank accounts opened under Jan Dhan Scheme and Aadhaar numbers to give subsidy straight to consumers," Modi said.
DBTL has stopped diversions of "about Rs 15,000 crore of LPG every year," he said. Out of 15.65 crore active domestic LPG consumers, 13.8 crore have joined the DBTL and are getting subsidy in their bank accounts.
The scheme was launched in 54 districts on November 15, 2014, and extended to all over the country from January 1, 2015 with a view to cut diversion and subsidised fuel being consumed by unintended segments like restaurants and other commercial establishments.
LPG subsidy payout from Union Budget in 2014-15 was Rs 40,591 crore as against a dole of Rs 52,231 crore in 2013-14, a saving of Rs 11,640 crore. Modi said he had requested the well-off people who can afford to pay market price, to voluntarily give up their subsidy to help extend its reach to the most needy.
"20 lakh people have given up LPG subsidy voluntarily," he said.
Middle class families and teachers are among the people who have left subsidy. Assuming that each of these consume an average of 8 cylinders per annum and at the average subsidy rate of Rs 200 per bottle, the saving amounts to about Rs 320 crore. Presently, a household is entitled to receive subsidy to buy up to 12 cylinders of 14.2-kg each every year.
Cash advance is transfered into the beneficiary account on first enrollment and another installment is given the moment it is used to buy a LPG refill.
New Delhi: A woman has been advised by a Delhi court to make sincere endeavour to find a job, saying she is well-qualified and cannot be allowed to sit idle at home to put financial burden on her estranged husband.
The court took into consideration that the woman, who was seeking alimony from her husband, was more qualified than him and was also an able-bodied person having capacity to earn. District Judge Rekha Rani noted that the man, who had filed an appeal against the amount of maintenance of Rs 12,000 which he was directed to pay to his estranged wife, was now ready to help her in finding a job and had also agreed to pay Rs 12,000 per month to her for a year.
"Respondent (woman) admitted being more qualified than the appellant (man). She admitted being able-bodied person and having capacity to earn. As such she cannot be allowed to sit idle at home to put financial burden on the appellant. Let her make sincere endeavour to find work. "As offered by the man, if the woman needs assistance of the appellant in finding job, she may communicate with him by sending SMS on mobile/email," the court said.
It also directed both of them to exchange their mobile numbers and email addresses, within a week of passing the order before the trial court. "The man has agreed to pay her maintenance of Rs 12,000 per month for one year and during this period, she should make sincere efforts and start working. The impugned order is operative for one year from the date of order," the judge said.
The man had challenged the trial court's order directing him to pay Rs 12,000 per month maintenance to the woman on the ground that she was not entitled for monetary relief as she was more qualified than him and was a gold medalist in MSc. He had alleged that the woman had not applied for a job anywhere and she wanted to sit idle and remain a financial burden on him.
The woman, however, said she has never worked and will never be able to find a job as she has no experience and admitted that she has never made any effort to find one. On the woman's submission that she has never travelled alone and wanted that the man should travel with her to help her find a job, the court said "the submission is neither palatable nor digestible". "She is embroiled in a bitter litigation with the man.. Both are coming to the court separately. If she can come to the court to fight litigation alone, she can go alone to search a job as well," the judge observed.
To this, the man said that he was willing to accompany the woman wherever she has applied for a job and to assist her in whatever way she wanted in finding a placement.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
With this year's AFL national and rookie drafts over, attention turns to the 2017 crop. Who will be next year's Andrew McGrath, Tim Taranto or Hugh McCluggage?
ESPN.com.au AFL draft expert Christopher Doerre - aka Knightmare - may have the answers.
He has assessed the best talents for next year, whittling down the names to just 20 standout performers.
His list is in alphabetical order.
Editor's Picks Knightmare's AFL draft analysis: Every pick assessed ESPN AFL draft expert Knightmare analyses every pick from the 2016 national draft, and gives his grades for each club.
Things we learnt at the 2016 AFL draft Niall Seewang takes you behind the scenes during one of the most intriguing AFL drafts in recent years, a night that saw Essendon secure Andrew McGrath at No.1. 1 Related
KNIGHTMARE'S TOP 20 DRAFT PROSPECTS FOR 2017
Connor Ballenden
Part of the Brisbane Academy, the 198cm, 95kg, Ballenden is among 2017's most promising talls. He is a strong contested mark in the forward 50m, attacks the ball in flight, hits the scoreboard and is also an effective tap ruckman. His 15 disposals, nine marks (three contested) and five goals against Tasmania during division two of the AFL Under-18 Championships is just a small glimpse into what Ballenden can do.
Noah Balta
Freakishly athletic key forward, at 193cm, 88kg, who breaks the lines like a small or medium size running specialist. He possesses rare speed, leap and some Lance "Buddy" Franklin-like traits. Balta kicked 18 goals from his eight TAC Cup games and with continued improvement has the scope to be as good as anyone in the 2017 draft class.
Jarrod Brander
It is to be determined whether the 195cm, 83kg, Jarrod Brander will remain part of GWS' Academy. He is regarded as one of 2017's premier key forward prospects with a combination of speed, agility and strong hands overhead. From his four TAC Cup games in 2016 he averaged a very promising 2.5 goals and 6.5 marks per game.
Callum Coleman-Jones
Coleman-Jones is the most physically advanced of the talls from the 2017 draft class at 199cm, 98kg. He is proficient as a tap ruckman who plays with a physical edge and uses his size effectively. He is a dominant contested-marking force who reads the ball in flight as well as any of next year's ruckman, taking powerful contested marks inside the forward 50m. Coleman-Jones also hits the scoreboard and pushes into the back half for intercept marks. His 10 contested marks from four AFL Under-18 Championships games shows what a contested marking force he already is.
Hunter Clark
Clean kick on both his left and right, Clark plays predominantly as an outside player, running off half-back and pushing up onto the wings. Clark, 186cm, 79kg, possesses pace, moving easily through traffic and displaying a high leap and strong hands overhead. While best suited to playing on the outside, Clark does not shirk the issue when it is his time to go, winning the contested ball and laying tackles.
Hunter Clark of Dandenong assesses his options against Sandringham in September, 2016. Robert Prezioso/AFL Media/Getty Images
Oscar Clavarino
Clavarino as a key defender plays an accountable style of game, shutting down his direct opponent and demonstrating impressive strength in the one-on-one contests. At 194cm, 80kg, Clavarino was arguably one of the best shutdown key defenders in the TAC Cup in 2016 for and also played all four games for Vic Country during this year's AFL Under-18 Championships.
Luke Davies-Uniacke
The midfielder and forward only played two TAC Cup games and one Under-18 Championship match this season, but at 187cm, 86kg, he is a name to listen out for in 2017. Davies-Uniacke has pace, skill, size, strength overhead and ability to hit the scoreboard, traits that will surely have clubs drooling.
Jackson Edwards
The son of Adelaide's Tyson, Jackson Edwards is eligible as a possible father-son choice. Edwards, 184cm, 73kg, has the production behind him in the SANFL Under-18s and Reserves. He is a left-footed midfielder displaying class, using the ball cleanly on both feet, providing run and winning his own ball through the midfield.
Darcy Fogarty
A dynamic goal kicker, Darcy Fogarty kicked seven goals from three AFL Under-18 Championships games. The 190cm, 86kg, Fogarty is equally adept through the midfield with impressive contested possession and clearance numbers through the SANFL Under-18s, suggesting potential as a rotating midfielder/forward.
Joel Garner
One of the prime ball users of the 2017 draft class, Garner, 184cm, 78kg, is a classy kick with the versatility to play on a forward or back flank or through the midfield. He is a strong, athletic mark overhead and a damaging player who is expected to play a more prominent role for Eastern in 2017 through the midfield.
Stephen Giro
With disposal numbers exceeding any other midfielder in the 2017 draft class, Giro has been outstanding through the SANFL Under-s during the first half of the season with countless 30+ and 40+ disposal games. He has also adjusted seamlessly to Reserves football, placing in the bests in six of his eight games. At 177cm, 70kg, Giro has the capacity to play inside or outside, using the ball cleanly and moving through traffic easily.
Sam Hayes
The only player during the AFL Under-18 Championships to be awarded All-Australian as a bottom ager was the 200cm, 90kg, Sam Hayes. He has proven effective both as a ruckman and key forward - Hayes is arguably the most advanced tap ruckman from the 2017 draft class and is also a strong contested mark around the ground and forward of centre. He averaged one contested mark per game this season in the TAC Cup, attacking the ball in flight and holding his position in body-on-body contests.
Isaac Hewson
Inside midfielder already playing Reserves for Norwood in the SANFL. At 183cm, 79kg, Hewson is a stoppage specialist who wins high contested possession and clearance numbers. His game is very advanced game for his age and is one of the more ready-to-play midfielders among this group.
Jack Higgins
Arguably the most advanced player in this draft class with several games of 30 or more disposals in the TAC Cup, also kicking 19 goals from his 10 games. At 176cm, 73kg, Higgins is a classy ball user who wins his share of the contested ball through the midfield. He is also a natural crumber who keeps his feet, draws high free kicks and finishes effectively around goal.
Jack Higgins of Vic Metro looks to find an option against Vic Country. Graham Denholm/AFL Media/Getty Images
Lochie O'Brien
Finding a lot of the ball and doing his best work on the outside, Lochie O'Brien at 184cm, 74kg is an outside runner who evades tackles, uses the ball cleanly on his left foot, is strong overhead and in one-on-one contests. O'Brien averaged 24 disposals per game through his five TAC Cup contests and has also showed proficiency winning the contested ball.
Lachlan Pascoe
Physically already a very mature half-back flanker at 189cm, 94kg and averaging 18 disposals, five marks and five rebound 50s from his three SANFL League games, Pascoe is among the most advanced players. He provides run off half-back, takes marks one-on-one, is a penetrating kick who hits his targets and is also a genuine goalkicking threat when he pushes forward.
Ethan Penrith
The 179cm, 74kg outside line breaker takes on the game at every opportunity, dodging and weaving past opposition players effortlessly. His skills are silky, using the ball efficiently and impacting the game heavily with each possession. For someone who does his best work on the outside, Penrith displays an aggression uncommon in line breakers, bumping opposition players with force, tackling and winning the contested ball.
Cameron Rayner
Strong contested-marking, 185cm, 84kg, forward who kicked 17 goals from eight TAC Cup games, leading Western Jets' goalkicking and also taking 12 contested marks. Rayner has a classy look to him, avoiding tackles, hitting targets and finishing on goal from outside 50m.
Jaidyn Stephenson
Came onto the radar in 2015 with a dynamic finals series for Eastern Rangers. Stephenson confirmed his reputation as a big game player, giving eventual premier Sandringham a scare during the first round of the TAC Cup finals kicking four important goals. Stephenson is an athletic forward at 188cm, 76kg who is freakish at ground level and is a high leaper who does his best work close to goal.
James Worpel
James Worpel of Vic Country (R) handballs against Vic Metro in June, 2016. Graham Denholm/AFL Media/Getty Images
Big-bodied midfielder already at 185cm, 82kg who thrives on the contested side of the game. He was already in 2016 one of the contested ball and clearance winning beasts of the TAC Cup and may lead the competition in those categories in 2017. Worpel fends off powerfully, reminiscent of Dustin Martin and often is found diving courageously to either tackle the opposing ball carrier or smother their kicks.
Numerous store brand supplements aren't what their labels claim to be, according to an ongoing investigation that subjected popular herbal supplements to DNA testing.
The investigation, led by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, focused on a variety of herbal supplements from four major retailers: GNC, Target, Walmart and Walgreen Co. Lab tests determined that only 21 percent of the products actually had DNA from the the plants advertised on the labels.
"This investigation makes one thing abundantly clear: The old adage 'buyer beware' may be especially true for consumers of herbal supplements," Schneiderman said. His office issued cease and desist letters to the retailers on Monday telling them to stop sales of the products.
The investigation found supplements, including echinacea, ginseng, St. John's wort, garlic, ginkgo biloba and saw palmetto, were contaminated with substances including rice, beans, pine, citrus, asparagus, primrose, wheat, houseplant and wild carrot. In many cases, unlisted contaminants were the only plant material found in the product samples.
The retailer with the poorest showing was Walmart, where only 4 percent of the products tested showed DNA from the plants listed on the labels.
Schneiderman asked the companies to provide detailed information on production, processing, testing and quality control for herbal supplements sold at their stores.
Walmart spokesman Brian Nick said the company is immediately reaching out to suppliers and will take appropriate action.
Walgreens and GNC pledged to cooperate with the attorney general.
"We take these issues very seriously and as a precautionary measure, we are in the process of removing these products from our shelves as we review this matter further," Walgreen spokesman James Graham said.
Target didn't initially respond to a request for comment.
"We stand by the quality, purity and potency of all ingredients listed on the labels of our private label products," said GNC spokeswoman Laura Brophy.
One of several supplements tested by the New York Attorney General's office. GNC
The investigation looked at six herbal supplements sold at stores across the state. Testing was performed by an expert in DNA barcoding technology, James Schulte II of Clarkson University in Potsdam, New York. The DNA tests were performed on three to four samples of each of the supplements purchased. Each sample was tested five times. Overall, 390 tests involving 78 samples were performed.
Steve Mister, president and CEO of the dietary supplement trade group the Council for Responsible Nutrition, on Tuesday criticized the testing procedure and Schneiderman, whom he accused of engaging in a "self-serving publicity stunt under the guise of protecting public health."
He said the companies should have been given a greater opportunity to respond before Schneiderman went public, and he claimed that "processing during manufacturing of botanical supplements can remove or damage DNA; therefore while a DNA testing method can be useful in some cases, this method well may be the wrong test for these kinds of products."
Michael McGuffin, president of the American Herbal Products Association, which represents the herbal industry, called DNA testing "an emerging technology that has the potential to be useful in the future when it has been rigorously tested and validated." He said identification of an herb through DNA testing must be confirmed with established analytical tools that herbal experts use, such as chromatography or microscopy.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration requires companies to verify their products are safe and properly labeled, but supplements aren't subjected to the rigorous evaluation process used for drugs. Supplement manufacturers essentially operate on the honor system.
Another supplement called to question in the investigation. Target
If a manufacturer fails to identify all the ingredients on an herbal product's label, a consumer with allergies or who is taking medication for an unrelated illness could risk serious health issues every time a contaminated herbal supplement is ingested.
A DNA study conducted by the University of Guelph in 2013 also found contamination and substitution in herbal products in most of the products tested. One product labeled as St. John's wort, often used to treat depression, contained Senna alexandrina, a plant with laxative properties. One ginkgo product was contaminated with black walnut, which could endanger people with nut allergies.
A 2013 study from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research estimated there are about 65,000 dietary supplements on the market consumed by more than 150 million Americans.
The New York Attorney General's office posted the following information on its website listing the supplements tested and what the investigation found:
GNC:
Six "Herbal Plus" brand herbal supplements per store were purchased and analyzed: Gingko Biloba, St. John's Wort, Ginseng, Garlic, Echinacea, and Saw Palmetto. Purchased from four locations with representative stores in Binghamton, Harlem, Plattsburgh & Suffolk.
Only one supplement consistently tested for its labeled contents: Garlic. One bottle of Saw Palmetto tested positive for containing DNA from the saw palmetto plant, while three others did not. The remaining four supplement types yielded mixed results, but none revealed DNA from the labeled herb.
Of 120 DNA tests run on 24 bottles of the herbal products purchased, DNA matched label identification 22% of the time.
Contaminants identified included asparagus, rice, primrose, alfalfa/clover, spruce, ranuncula, houseplant, allium, legume, saw palmetto, and Echinacea.
Target:
Six "Up & Up" brand herbal supplements per store were purchased and analyzed: Gingko Biloba, St. John's Wort, Valerian Root, Garlic, Echinacea, and Saw Palmetto. Purchased from three locations with representative stores in Nassau County, Poughkeepsie, and Syracuse.
Three supplements showed nearly consistent presence of the labeled contents: Echinacea (with one sample identifying rice), Garlic, and Saw Palmetto. The remaining three supplements did not reveal DNA from the labeled herb.
Of 90 DNA tests run on 18 bottles of the herbal products purchased, DNA matched label identification 41% of the time.
Contaminants identified included allium, French bean, asparagus, pea, wild carrot and saw palmetto.
Walgreens:
Six "Finest Nutrition" brand herbal supplements per store were purchased and analyzed: Gingko Biloba, St. John's Wort, Ginseng, Garlic, Echinacea, and Saw Palmetto. Purchased from three locations with representative stores in Brooklyn, Rochester and Watertown.
Only one supplement consistently tested for its labeled contents: Saw Palmetto. The remaining five supplements yielded mixed results, with one sample of garlic showing appropriate DNA. The other bottles yielded no DNA from the labeled herb.
Of the 90 DNA test run on 18 bottles of herbal products purchased, DNA matched label representation 18% of the time.
Contaminants identified included allium, rice, wheat, palm, daisy, and dracaena (houseplant).
Walmart:
A couple more anthro toned-paper headshots ‘cause… well, why not? I think I'm getting the hang of this too. :3 So here ya go; two of my favorite gals, Rarity and Twilight Sparkle! Brooooooo I dunno if you guys know this but I absolutely love Twi with short hair. It looks so good on her. o3o
…. Actually I really love short hairstyles on people in general. Just… hair's very fun to draw man. ;_;
Anyway, the markings are the ones I give them when they're in Rainbow Power mode. They aren't here, but I thought it'd be kinda cool to add them anyway ‘cause of the extra splash of color. I hope it looks okay. >.>
I hope you guys like them! :3 These are so fun, who do you think I should draw next? o:
LONDON, Feb 24 (Reuters) - Oil production in Libya is expected to shut down completely and could be lost for a prolonged period of time, Bank of America Merrill Lynch said on Thursday.
“We expect Libyan production to be shut down completely and we might lose sweet crudes from Libya for a prolonged period of time,” Bank of America Merrill Lynch analyst Sabine Schels told Reuters.
Schels said that the world faced the prospect of real supply shock in which the loss of 1.6 million barrels per day of sweet oil could potentially trigger a steep rise in prices and force a sharp reduction in demand to balance the system.
“Some of the supply can be replaced with Saudi light crude and some from SPR, but if the disruption is prolonged, we will need demand to drop to balance the system,” Schels said.
The bank is currently discussing scenarios and outlooks, and will publish a report on its findings in the coming days.
“We already faced a demand shock last year with global demand increasing by 2.8 million bpd and on top of that, what we have now is a real supply shock,” Schels said.
“In a price shock scenario whereby we lose 1.6 million bpd, the rise in prices can be a lot greater than in the case of a demand shock. (Reporting by Jessica Donati; editing by Marguerita Choy)
photo by Georges Antoni
Olivia is fresh out of high school, a mere eighteen years of age. But she's already made a significant ripple in the cut-throat industry that modelling is, if I have learnt correctly from watching countless seasons of my not-so-secret vice, America's Next Top Model.
photo by Israel Rivera
Described as “ethereal, elegant and innately chic” (the vine), this girl was tipped to be the new face to watch at the Rosemount Australian Fashion week last week. Inbetween walking countless amazing shows including Talulah, Magdalena Valevska, Camilla and Marc (eeep!), Dion Lee and Ellery, and doing various interviews for magazines, she had time to answer my silly questions.
photo by Carine Thevenau
how did you manage to get your break in a small town like Murwillumbah?
Well, I didn't really get spotted in Murbs', I was shopping on the Gold Coast and was watching a modeling competition held by my agency when I was accosted (kidding – they were really very nice) by two ladies inquiring as to why I wasn't partaking. I was signed a few weeks later.
photo by Israel Rivera
what's sydney like for you? do you love it or hate it?
Loooove it. Of course I miss the rolling plains and clear air of home, but Sydney is busy, big, full of inspiring people and has a fully sick nightlife…brah.
do you get a say in what gigs you want to book or is it pretty much whatever your agent says goes?
The latter really – Though I'm in good hands and I trust my agency's judgement. Although from time to time I look at my day's schedule and think “Really?” Gotta make the dollars somehow I guess, even if those dollars are courtesy of an Ezibuy catalogue.
photo by Holly Blake via Frockwriter
what's your most memorable fashion mistake? (do you have a photo?please have a photo!)
This one time, when I was about 10, I thought that it was cool to wear skirts over pants. It's okay if you don't want to be my friend anymore. I have no photo evidence, only psychological evidence – that feeling of guilt whenever someone compliments my style.
photo by Israel Rivera
your favourite website right now
dogsattheshops.tumblr.com.
if the world was overtaken by a militant group of dictators who demanded that you have only ONE item of clothing to wear for the rest of your life, what would it be? (you can choose to be practical here, or have no regard for it – your choice)
A onesie of many colours and patterns. A material vomit onesie, if you will.
photo by Georges Antoni
most overrated fashion trend?
GUESS anything. Ugh.
favourite brand?
This is like when people ask you ‘what you are favourite song?' It's a toughie! But I'll narrow it down to a few – Dion Lee, Josh Goot, Zimmermann, Ellery, Bassike, Arnsdorf, Karla Spetic.
photo by Justine Walpole
Did you get to keep the clothes from the Ellery shoot?
Funnily enough, I think I have some Ellery goodness coming my way in thenear future! So in a roundabout way, yes.
photo by Holly Blake via Frockwriter
any amazing new designers you think we should know about?
Yeah – me. I'm releasing a range of onesies in many colours and patterns. My label is called ‘Onesieful'. I think this interview will be good press.
we at strutten.com wish olivia the best of luck with her modelling and especially with her onesie business.
On a related note, watch this youtube video of Tyra Banks yelling at people on America's Next Top Model.
A dunam (Ottoman Turkish: دونم‎; Turkish: dönüm), also known as a donum or dunum and as the old, Turkish, or Ottoman stremma, was the Ottoman unit of area equivalent to the Greek stremma or English acre, representing the amount of land that could be ploughed by a team of oxen in a day. The legal definition was "forty standard paces in length and breadth",[1] but its actual area varied considerably from place to place, from a little more than 900 m2 in Ottoman Palestine to around 2500 m2 in Iraq.[2][3]
The unit is still in use in many areas previously ruled by the Ottomans, although the new or metric dunam has been redefined as exactly one decare (1000 m2), which is 1/10 hectare (1/10 * 10,000 m2), like the modern Greek royal stremma.[3]
History [ edit ]
The name dönüm, from the Ottoman Turkish dönmek (دونمك, "to turn") appears to be a calque of the Byzantine Greek stremma and had the same size. It was likely adopted by the Ottomans from the Byzantines in Mysia-Bithynia.[4]
The Dictionary of Modern Greek defines the old Ottoman stremma as approximately 1,270 m2,[5] but Costas Lapavitsas used the value of 1,600 m2 for the region of Naoussa in the early 20th century.[6]
Definition [ edit ]
Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro [ edit ]
In Bosnia and Herzegovina and also Serbia, the unit is called dulum (дулум) or dunum (дунум). One dulum is equal to 1,600m2 for the region of Leskovac, south Serbia. In Albania it is called dynym or dylym. It is equal to 1,000 square meters.[7]
Bulgaria [ edit ]
In Bulgaria, the decare (декар) is used.
Cyprus [ edit ]
In Cyprus, a donum is 14,400 square feet (1,340 m2).[8] In the Republic of Cyprus older Greek-Cypriots also still refer to the donum, although this is gradually being replaced by another local Greek Cypriot dialect word, σκάλες ['skales], rather than the mainland Greek word stremma (equivalent to a decare). However, officially Cyprus uses the square metre and the hectare.[citation needed]
A donum consists of 4 evleks, each of which consists of 3,600 square feet (330 m2).[citation needed]
Greece [ edit ]
In Greece, the old dönüm is called a "Turkish stremma", while today, a stremma or "royal stremma" is exactly one decare, like the metric dönüm.[3]
Iraq [ edit ]
In Iraq, the dunam is 2,500 square metres (0.25 ha).[9]
Syria, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine and Turkey [ edit ]
In Israel, Syria, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, and Turkey the dunam is 1,000 square metres (10,764 sq ft), which is 1 decare. Before the end of the Ottoman Empire and during the early years of the British Mandate for Palestine, the size of a dunam was 919.3 square metres (9,895 sq ft), but in 1928, the metric dunam of 1,000 square metres (0.10 ha) was adopted, and this is still used.[10][11]
Variations [ edit ]
Other countries using a dunam of some sizes include Libya and Syria.[citation needed]
The metric dunam is particularly useful in hydrological calculations as 1 dönüm times 1 mm (a unit commonly used for measuring precipitation) equals exactly one cubic meter.
Conversions [ edit ]
A metric dönüm is equal to:[citation needed]
Comparable measures [ edit ]
The Byzantine Greek stremma was the probable source of the Turkish unit. The zeugarion (Turkish çift) was a similar unit derived from the area plowed by a team of oxen in a day. The English acre was originally similar to both units in principle, although it developed separately.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
For the first time, we are getting a look at the dangerous levels of vinyl chloride that Paulsboro residents may have been exposed to following last November's train derailment.
Information just released by the National Transportation Safety Board shows more people than first thought were potentially exposed to deadly levels of that toxic chemical.
Action News took a look at the area where experts were warned the general population could experience life-threatening health effects or even death.
In the hours following the November 30th train derailment, members of the emergency response command staff testified to the NTSB they were provided with a map, that has never been released to the public until now...
A half-mile wide area was identified as being in the "Red Zone" or "Death Zone" but initially only a few blocks inside that target area were evacuated.
"They knew they were dealing with very high levels of vinyl chloride, none of that information was relayed to the first responders," attorney Mark Cuker told Action News. "The police patrolled this area with no breathing protection whatsoever, for days."
Cuker represents several first responders and residents who became ill following the derailment.
In a NTSB hearing about the incident, investigators say initially residents, police and firefighters on the ground were told the chemical was not toxic.
"The information given to people was false," Cuker contends. "When in fact there was a dangerous level of vinyl chloride in the air. It is unfortunate it has taken this long for the truth about that to come out."
About 300 people were within the "Red Zone" identified as "Death Possible." More than 500 people were within the area where the general population could experience irreversible, or other serious, long-lasting health effects.
"It is pretty scary," business owner Doug Ricotta told Action News. "It is pretty pathetic the town didn't tell anybody anything."
In the weeks and months that followed, residents say public officials failed to warn them about the exposure to dangerous levels of vinyl chloride, or exactly how far that danger zone spread.
"That's terrible. It's like everything around here has a disease to it," said Paulsboro resident Gary Bynum.
"I'm a little concerned about my health because we were here for about 4 days after the spill," added Paulsboro businessman Jerry McMyne.
The question now: What this means for the long term health of everyone who was exposed to deadly levels of this toxic chemical.
"We know it is a toxic chemical, we know it causes cancer," Cuker said. " I think no one can say what it means for the future."
Conrail already reached settlements with an unknown number of families living in the "Red Zone." For as little as $500 per person, they gave up their right to sue Conrail, should they get sick in the future.
A FATHER and son forced a Polish couple to live in a shed and work into the night for just £4-a-day each under the fear of violence, a jury has heard.
Burnley Crown Court heard Mohammed Riaz and son Khuram Riaz allegedly gave Michal Czerniazwski and his partner Malgorzata Bieniek a limited supply of food.
MORE TOP STORIES: '£1.2m on fresh air' - anger over cinema and public space spending
Rovers outline the reasons for Preston kick off time
Future of 2BR's Lancashire output in doubt
50 jobs saved as Salmesbury Hotel taken on by spa hotel group Mercure
They were also warned that if they missed a day's work they would have to pay £7 in rent. Some days they were not paid at all, a court was told.
Prosecutor Julian Goode said Miss Bieniek had initially been paid £1-per-day and had to negotiate with the Riaz's to get up to the same pay as her partner.
The jury was told the offences only came to light when police visited the Riaz's home in Manchester Road, Nelson, in April 2015 after concerns were raised for the welfare of the Polish couple.
They were discovered living in a ‘dirty, damp and mouldy' shack which had been built from reclaimed materials, the jury heard.
Mr Goode said the alleged victims did not know the names of the defendants and would refer to Riaz senior as ‘Papa' and Riaz junior as the ‘Boss'.
The jury was told ‘Papa' would shout at Mr Czerniazwski if things were not done to his expectations and call him ‘stupid' and said he had no sense.
Ms Bieniek alleged that five days after the police had visited the house, ‘Papa' assaulted her by grabbing her arm, leaving bruising.
‘Papa' is also said to have grabbed Mr Czerniazwski by the arm after a disagreement and kicked his leg.
Mr Goode said: “The prosecution case is that each of the complainants was unemployed and homeless in a foreign country.
“We say that each of them was left without any real choice but to take the chance of living in the ramshackle conditions offered by the defendants.
“And that once they fell under the defendants' control they were required to work for derisory pay, at the threat of abuse and violence from their employers, and the threat of having to pay for their keep if they were not working, or under threat of losing the shack they had built for themselves.”
The court heard that in 2014 the couple had a turbulent relationship involving drunkenness and domestic violence.
Miss Bieniek returned to Poland and towards the end of the year Mr Czerniazwski began living with his friend Andrejz Doroz in the shed at the back of the Riaz's property, the court heard.
Mr Goode said eventually Mr Czerniazwski was offered a job working for £4-a-day and accepted it because of his ‘desperate situation'.
Miss Bieniek returned to England in February 2015 and initially moved into the shack with her partner and Doroz, before they eventually built their own.
As well as their ‘living quarters', there was also a ‘foul-smelling' outbuilding, containing a toilet bowl, a hose pipe and basin which served as their bathroom.
The jury was told Miss Bieniek initially undertook small jobs, such as dog walking, cleaning the home and the yard, but when Mr Doroz was deported had to ‘pick up the slack' and complete tasks, including roofing work and painting at the Riaz's family grocers.
The court was told the victims were banned from having cigarette breaks and woken up in the middle of the night and given jobs to do.
Mr Goode said that when arrested the Riaz's told police they had initially allowed Mr Doroz to stay on their property as an ‘act of good will or charity' which they extended to the complainants. They also said they provided the couple with food ‘from time to time' and were not ‘forcing them or compelling them to do any work'.
Mohammed Riaz, 63, and Khuram Riaz, 27, each deny two counts of forced or compulsory labour.
The incidents are said to have taken place between December 2014 and April 2015, and February 2015 and April 2015.
The trial continues.
Pure Cane Sugar: High in calories and immediate energy benefits. Great calories to volume ratio. Natural and stable.
Enriched Wheat Flour: Medium and long-term energy source. High in calories and carbohydrates. Enriched with thiamin, riboflavin, niacin, folic acid, iron, B vitamins and calcium as specified nutrients to be included in accordance to FDA mandates for "enrichment".
Canola Oil: Zero trans fats, high fat content and loaded with calories.
Light Corn Syrup: High in calories, carbs and sugars. Prevents the crystallization of sugar. Softens food texture and enhances flavor.
Pure Honey: We're the only food ration using honey, it's been used for 8,000 years for its inherent health benefits and is a natural preservative. High in calories, carbs and sugar. Flavor enhancement is obvious and the health benefits are too long to list. Interesting fact, the cost of honey is one of the most expensive ingredients used in Tac-Bar.
Corn Starch: Used as a thickening agent, it holds the ration together.
Whey Protein (90% Pure Isolate): Also the only food ration to use this costly ingredient. A source of amino acids and its effect on reducing the risks of diseases such as heart disease, cancer and diabetes has been the focus of ongoing research as of 2007. When used in a tactical food ration, it increases the protein content without a major increase in weight or mass.
Rolled Oats: A natural ingredient with a wide range of health benefits that are obvious. Adds flavor and texture to the ration, surprisingly high in protein, carbs, vitamins and minerals.
Lemon and Orange Flavor Extracts: Compliments the natural flavor of our formula.
Coconut: Micronutrients in significant content include the dietary minerals, manganese, iron, phosphorus and zinc. Adds a pleasant texture and flavor.
Xanthan Gum: Used as a thickening agent and stabilizer in our ration, guar gum also helps prevent the absorption of potentially harmful cholesterol.
Calcium Phosphate: Used to make up for the dietary needs of people that are lacking in either calcium or phosphates. That being said, the two chemicals actually work well together, and they are specifically useful in maintaining stable levels of Calcium and phosphates in the event of extreme stress, injury and general maturation. Phosphates are particularly useful in areas of bone and muscular health in that they are able to store energy, this results in consumers having a more balanced metabolism. The kidneys are also in major need of phosphates because they help to absorb B vitamins.
Salt: Salt in its natural form as a crystalline mineral is known as rock salt. Salt is essential for the body and is a natural food preservative that has been used by human beings for thousands of years
Ascorbic Acid (vitamin C): This essential vitamin is not naturally produced by the body and must be replenished every day in order for good health to be maintained. Vitamin C is known for its usefulness in conjunction with other enzymes and solutions. Vitamin C has an important role in the production of Collagen, which is in turn necessary for keeping the body flexible and sturdy. This biological “glue” goes on to help diverse areas of the body, including the vertebrae. It also strengthens the immune system and helps to heal cuts and wounds.
Ascorbyl Palmitate (vitamin C Ester): Ascorbyl Palmitate is the by-product of Ascorbic Acid (vitamin C) combined with Palmitic Acid. Alone, vitamin C is not fat soluble, however, with Ascorbyl Palmitate, the concentration of vitamin C taken in by the body can be stored for later consumption. Like vitamin C on its own, Ascorbyl Palmitate is known to work well when combined with vitamin E by allowing regeneration of this antioxidant to occur more rapidly. Antioxidants are known for stopping or slowing the progress of free radicals in the body, and this Ascorbyl Palmitate is no exception. The compound also gets rid of any other things it may deem harmful that can be located in the watery segments of the human body.
Citric Acid (vitamin C): Citric Acid is a naturally occurring acid found primarily in several varieties of fruits and vegetables, with citrus fruits such as lemons and limes containing the highest amounts. This organic acid is frequently used as a food additive and preservative. Also known as E330, Citric Acid is a normal component of human cells that is metabolized, degraded and eliminated from the body. It is one of the main ingredients used in the food and beverage industry because it is easily obtained in large quantities, healthy and cheap. It is often used for proper mineral supplementation of food, as an acidity regulator and as a flavor compound. Citric Acid enhances the activity of many beneficial antioxidants, but is not, itself, an antioxidant.
*Contains, Wheat, Dairy and Soy
Before, during and after the US Africa summit one of the most frequently repeated factoids supporting the Africa Rising meme was that “˜seven out of ten fastest growing economies are in Africa.' In reality this is both a far less accurate and much less impressive statistic than it sounds. More generally, narratives on African economic development tend to be loosely connected to facts, and instead are driven more by hype.
***
The “˜seven out of ten' meme derives from a data exercise done in 2011 by The Economist. The exercise excluded countries with a population of less than 10 million and also the post-conflict booming Iraq and Afghanistan. This left 81 countries, 28 of them in Africa (more than 3 out of 10) and, if you take out the OECD countries from the sample, (which are unlikely to grow at more than 7 percent per annum), you find that every second economy in the sample is in Africa. It might not give the same rhetorical effect to say: “˜on average some African economies are expected to grow slightly faster than other non-OECD countries,' but that would be more accurate.
And before we literally get ahead of ourselves (The Economist was reporting forecasts made for 2011 to 2015) there is a difference between forecasted and actually measured growth. According to John Kenneth Galbraith, the only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable. So how good is the IMF at forecasting growth in Low Income Countries?
According to their own evaluation, IMF forecasts “over-predicted GDP growth and under-predicted inflation.” Another study looked at the difference between the forecasts and the subsequent growth revisions in low income countries, and found that “output data revisions in low-income countries are, on average, larger than in other countries, and that they are much more optimistic.” Forecasts are systematically optimistic all over the world, but in Low Income Countries even more so.
***
Among those on the list of the fastest growers were countries like Nigeria, Ghana and Ethiopia. The news that both Nigerian and Ghanaian GDP doubled following the introduction of new benchmark years for estimating GDP in 2010 and 2014 should remind us that the pinpoint accuracy of these growth estimates is lacking. How confident should you be about a 7 percent growth rate when 50 percent of the economy is missing in the official baseline? Recent growth in countries with outdated base years is also overstated.
While Ghana has reportedly had the highest growth rates in the world over the past years, a peer review of the Ghana national accounts noted that “neither a national census of agriculture nor other surveys, such as a crop and live-stock survey, have been conducted…there is no survey to provide benchmark data for construction, domestic trade and services.” It was recently reported that an economic census is being planned for next year. What we do know is that Ghana (together with Zambia, another of the projected “˜top ten growers') has returned to the IMF to seek assistance following their entry into international lending markets.
Most of the time we simply do not know enough to assert accurate growth rates. There are also known biases and manipulations. Ethiopia, for example, is notable for having long-standing disagreements with the IMF regarding their growth rates. Whereas the official numbers have been quoted in double digits for the past decade, a thorough analysis suggested the actual growth rates were around 5 to 6 percent per annum. More generally, one study used satellite imaging of nighttime lights to calculate alternative growth rates, and found that authoritarian regimes overstate reported rates of growth by about 0.5 to 1.5 percentage points. Another recent study argues that inflation is systematically understated in African countries – which in turn means that growth and poverty reduction is overstated.
***
Data bias is carried across from economic growth to other metrics. The pressure on scholars, journalists and other commentators to say something general about “˜Africa' is relentless, and so the general rule is to oblige willingly. When talking about average trends in African politics and opinion, analysis is influence by the availability of survey data, such as Afrobarometer, and the data availability is biased. According to Kim Yi Donne, on The Washington Post's “˜Monkey Cage' blog, of the 15 African countries with the lowest Polity IV rankings, only seven have ever been included in the Afrobarometer, whereas all but one African country rated as a democracy by the same index is included.
Any quantitative study which says something about the relationship between growth and trends in inequality and poverty, relies on the availability of household survey data. One paper boldly stated that African Poverty is Falling…Much Faster than You Think! The data basis was very sparse and unevenly distributed. There were no data points for Angola, Congo, Comoros, Cape Verde, D.R. Congo, Eritrea, Equatorial Guinea, Seychelles, Togo, Sao Tome and Principe, Chad, Liberia, and Sudan. In addition, six countries only have one survey. The database included no observations since 2004 – so the trend in poverty was based entirely on conjecture. Famously you need at least two data points to draw a line. Yet the study included a graph of poverty lines in the Democratic Republic of Congo from 1970 to 2006 – based on zero data points.
A result of doubts about the accuracy of the official evidence, and a dearth of evidence on income distributions, scholars have turned to other measurements. Data on access to education and ownership of goods such as television sets from Demographic and Health Surveys were used to compile new asset indices. In turn, these data were used to proxy economic growth and in place of having a measure of the middle class. In both cases the data may paint a misleadingly positive picture. While claiming to describe all of Africa over the past two decades, these surveys are only available for some countries sometimes.
***
The statement “˜seven out of ten fastest growing economies are in Africa' carries no real meaning. To utter it is merely stating that you subscribe to the hype. It is particularly frustrating, and it surely stands in way of objective evaluation, that the narratives in African Economic Development switches from one extreme to the other so swiftly. The truth lies somewhere between the “˜miracles' and “˜tragedies'. It is nothing short of stunning that in a matter of 3-4 years the most famous phrase relating to African economies has turned from “˜Bottom Billion‘ to “˜Africa Rising'.
Because of a lack of awareness on historical data on economic growth it was long claimed that Africa was suffering “a chronic failure of growth”, but growth is not new to the African economies, growth has been recurring. There is no doubt that there are more goods leaving and entering the African continent today than fifteen years ago. More roads and hotels are being built and more capital is flowing in and out of the African continent than before. But what is the real pace of economic growth? Does the increase in the volume of transaction result in a sustained increase in living standards? The evidence does not yet readily provide us with an answer. It is the job of scholars to give tempered assessments that navigate between what is make-believe and what passes as plausible evidence.
Morten Jerven is Associate Professor at the Simon Fraser University, School for International Studies. His book Poor Numbers: how we are misled by African development statistics and what to do about it is published by Cornell University Press. @MJerven
CONTOOCOOK, N.H. — Voters at a VFW hall and a senior center peppered the candidate with questions about global warming, income inequality and raising the minimum wage. They pressed for plans to invest in renewable energy and save Social Security.
The presidential hopeful on the receiving end, however, was not Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders — it was Republican John Kasich, whose chances of advancing beyond New Hampshire's primary in 20 days likely hinge on winning over supporters who are more likely to vote for those two Democrats than for Donald Trump or Ted Cruz.
Story Continued Below
The two-term Republican governor of Ohio still boasts the lowest name ID nationally of any serious Republican presidential contender. But in the final weeks before voting begins, he is finding validation in his growing support in independent-heavy New Hampshire, with six polls this month showing him in second place behind Donald Trump. (However, a CNN/WMUR poll released Wednesday, conducted by the University of New Hampshire Survey Center, had Kasich tied for fifth with several other candidates.)
As his rivals fine-tune their pitches to a conservative electorate enthralled by Trump's angry populism, Kasich continues to sell what pundits argue is out of style with this year's GOP primary voter: executive experience, moderation and unwavering optimism.
It's working — partly because he's not just selling those things to Republicans.
“I don't believe in playing on people's worst fears to get somewhere. It's just not the way I'm going to run my life,” Kasich said during a 20-minute interview on his campaign bus Tuesday as it ferried him from a town hall in Concord to his hotel for a late-afternoon workout. “I run my life based on what can be.”
At least in New Hampshire, where independents can vote in the GOP primary, Kasich has created his own lane. Currently in the midst of an eight-day swing across the state, he is stumping mostly in counties that Barack Obama carried four years ago. His strength here, where 44 percent of voters are registered as independents, is a reminder of his potential general election appeal. He's following the blueprint of John McCain, who won the state in 2000 on the strength of his appeal to independents — no surprise, given that the strategist who engineered that upset 16 years ago, John Weaver, is guiding his campaign.
McCain, of course, flamed out quickly with a loss in South Carolina. And many see New Hampshire's more moderate electorate as an outlier among the handful of early-voting states that will whittle down the GOP primary field to just three or four contenders.
That's why Cruz sees Kasich as little more than a potential spoiler, someone who could help him by tripping up Marco Rubio by finishing ahead of the Florida senator in New Hampshire but isn't likely to be a lasting threat. Kasich, who is polling at just 3 percent nationally, could well turn out to be the one living in an alternate political universe, ignoring the realities of a conservative base agitating for pretty much the opposite of what he's running on.
But Kasich is sticking with his plan. He believes a strong second-place finish could make him the clear choice as the race moves beyond the months-long cacophony of made-for-TV debates, national polls and Trump immersion toward a more serious search for an electable nominee.
“Unless we've repealed the laws of political gravity, everything is going to settle out — or the Republicans are going to get crushed in the [general] election,” Kasich said. “It's one way or the other, it's not complicated.” (Asked if he thought neither Trump nor Cruz could win the general election, though, Kasich demurred.)
More than anyone else at this late stage of the race, Kasich is clearly on the rise in New Hampshire, but he's still not a shoo-in for second place. Trump has a strong double-digit lead, according to the RealClearPolitics polling aggregation. But after that, it's a scramble for runner-up among Kasich, Rubio, Cruz, Chris Christie and Jeb Bush.
Several recent polls show Kasich with the highest favorable numbers among independents and the biggest gap in support between those unaffiliated voters and registered Republicans. The new WMUR New Hampshire poll, which measured his support at a meager 6 percent overall, found his numbers slightly higher with Republicans (7 percent) than unaffiliated voters (4 percent).
During a town hall here Tuesday night, as TV networks were carrying a live feed from Iowa of Sarah Palin endorsing Trump, a voter asked Kasich the same question he's been getting of late from reporters: “What are you going to do after you win New Hampshire or come wicked close?” In other words, isn't this a one-and-done at best?
Kasich argued that the momentum of finishing second or better in New Hampshire would propel him forward into South Carolina, Nevada and beyond. But make no mistake, he and his team are happy that people are even asking about their campaign lasting beyond the second Tuesday in February.
“The way he looks at it is: ‘This is my shot. I'm going to do it; I'm going to do it the way I want to do it,'” said Tom Rath, Kasich's New Hampshire strategist. “Right now, he's getting a lot of positive reinforcement. I think he'd like to stay here forever.
“We were an asterisk a month ago, and now we're very germane to the conversation. He might not have been on people's lists a couple weeks ago, but he is now — and they like him.”
As voters seemingly yearn for new leaders, Kasich is an unabashed throwback. He bragged to a group of seniors about having known Ronald Reagan and reminisced to another audience about his partnership with “a liberal, liberal Democrat” in Congress to shrink the outdated B2 bomber fleet at the end of the Cold War.
That fight that pitted him against the Reagan White House and “made people mad,” he said. “But it was the right thing to do.”
Kasich hasn't shied away from some of his long-held positions in order to align more closely with what appears to be the conservative orthodoxy of the moment. He brushes off Trump's proposals to bar Muslim immigrants as something that's “never going to happen.” Unlike his rivals seeking to out-condemn the Iran nuclear deal, Kasich says he'd keep the controversial agreement in place.
And he belies his reputation for prickliness by being downright touchy-feely, often punctuating his responses to policy questions by emphasizing humility, the power of prayer or his belief in helping others. Instead of ruling out a minimum wage hike as his rivals have done, Kasich tells a voter that states should address the issue on their own by consulting with the business community about what kind of wage hike it could absorb in order to help a hypothetical single mother on welfare.
“Some people say that's not a Republican position, but I'll tell you what my Republican position is: Have a good brain and have a good heart,” he said. “Make sure no one gets left behind.”
“That's what my whole life has been, going against the grain,” he said later the interview with POLITICO.
Faye Hanscomb, an unaffiliated voter who typically leans Democratic, liked what she heard Tuesday at Kasich's town hall in Concord. She said she may cross over and cast a vote for Kasich on the Republican side.
“He just sounds reasonable,” she said. “Not crazy, like the others.”
Gene Fox, a registered independent, said he understands why Kasich is moving up in the polls after attending his town hall Tuesday night. “I think he's gaining as people spend more time studying the candidates, looking for a bit more meat on the bones,” he said. “A lot of us want more than slogans.”
Over the weekend, newspapers in Nashua, Portsmouth and Dover endorsed Kasich. As his crowds have grown, so has his press contingent. Jeb Bush's super PAC just sent out its first direct mail piece attacking Kasich. On Tuesday, he gave two network interviews.
“Do you know how many people are trying to get on this bus and interview me who we couldn't get an interview with three weeks ago?” he said. “It's just the way it works, you know? Moth to flame.”
Kasich admitted Tuesday that the past few months, in which his summer momentum stalled, did test his patience. “I don't know if you've ever gone for a walk in the woods, but you just keep walking and suddenly you come out of the woods and you're in the daylight,” he said.
As most of his rivals have faltered or attempted to co-opt Trump's darker tones, Kasich has finally found a way to stand out — simply by staying the course.
“They always were saying,” he said, shifting his voice into an animated, twangy impersonation of an old-time newscaster, “‘Well, how's he going to distinguish himself?'
“Well, maybe I have.”
Booking.com
Common Ravens We Sighted At The Grand Canyon
All along the South Rim Trail at Grand Canyon National Park, Bob and I observed various Common Ravens, often in flight over the gaping abyss,
but the day we cycled to Hermit's Rest at the western-most limit of the bike trail, we came face to face with one of the Common Ravens.
It was perched in close proximity to the gift shop and shaded patio where visitors were enjoying snacks and lunches. The Raven was apparently hoping for a handout.
Seen from a distance, you wouldn't guess that the Common Raven is one of the largest members of the corvids (Crow Family). A mature Raven has a length of between 20-30 inches, and a wingspan of between 40-59 inches. The Common Ravens are also referred to as Northern Ravens, and as one would suspect, they are found all across the Northern Hemisphere.
Common Ravens thrive in a wide variety of habitats – evergreen and deciduous forests ranging between coastal and alpine areas, tundra, grasslands, high-altitude desert, and sagebrush ecosystems. Their range includes the Arctic, islands in the Pacific Ocean and even Mount Everest. Ravens are very adaptable.
We loved having the opportunity to study this Raven at such close range. It was possible to get a really good look at the thick, shaggy feathers around the bird's throat, its long and slightly curved beak, as well as the nasal bristles that cover the nostrils and a portion of the bill. All the while, the Raven kept as keen an eye on the passersby as we kept on it. Like Ravens for centuries, this one was quite at home in the company of humans.
From its perch, the Raven had a wonderful view of the Grand Canyon, which may have served it well considering no one was yielding to the temptation to provide the bird with tidbits. Ravens are omnivores, meaning that they will eat almost anything. Its elevated position there at Hermit's Rest gave the bird an advantage when scanning the sheer cliffs for small animals or insects. Ravens are very opportunistic and extremely versatile so they will also eat carrion, grains, fruit, berries and food waste.
With the sun shining brightly on the Raven, by times a purplish sheen glinted from the otherwise glossy black plumage. Everything about a Raven is black: its long, heavy bill, sturdy legs and feet, even its eyes, all combining to give the bird a commanding appearance.
It is common for Bob and me to see Ravens at home in Ontario, although I often have trouble distinguishing them from Crows, which are also quite large black birds.
When in flight, a Raven's long, wedge-shaped tail is more pronounced, and it flies with easy, graceful wingbeats. A Raven's long wings have distinctive “fingers” at the tips; these are longer and thinner than those on a Crow's wings. If you are ever close enough to hear a Raven's wings in motion, you will notice a creaking sound emanating from the feathers. Coupled with their deep, gurgling croak from high overhead, and they become a little easier to differentiate from a Crow.
Bob and I took time at Hermit's Rest for just that, a short rest and a break out of the sun, and all the while, we were enthralled with the attentions of the Common Raven. Its eye didn't stray far from the people, many of whom recognized the bird because of its association with ancient mythology, folklore, and religion. Their reputation arose because Ravens are extremely intelligent birds. They often work in pairs to achieve an end result, can put together cause and effect, and use logic when problem-solving.
To quote one Mark Pavelka of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, “with other animals you can usually throw out 90 percent of the stories you hear about them as exaggerations. With ravens, it's the opposite. No matter how strange or amazing the story, chances are pretty good that at least some raven somewhere actually did that.” Bob and I felt honoured to be in this Common Raven's presence. They are amazing birds.
You May Also Like –
Our Helicopter Flight Over The Grand Canyon
Glossy Ibis sighted in Whitby, Ontario
Among the Winged Magic at El Rosario Monarch Butterfly Reserve
Our South African Journey to Kruger National Park
Frame To Frame – Bob and Jean
Share this: Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Tumblr
More
Print
Eddie Huang has found his peace with Fresh Off the Boat.
The critically acclaimed ABC sitcom, adapted from Huang's memoir of the same name, was inspired by his life growing up in Orlando in the 1990s. But as Fresh Off the Boat veered far from his actual childhood experiences, Huang struggled with his feelings about the show–criticizing the show repeatedly in the press and on Twitter last year during the show's first season.
Ironically, Huang was employed as the show's narrator during that freshman year. He didn't return for Season 2, but Huang has tempered his criticism of the show. The chef, who hosts the upcoming Viceland series Huang's World, says he still doesn't watch Fresh Off the Boat, but was excited to hear that rapper DMX made a guest appearance.
RELATED: Constance Wu and 30+ Others Snubbed by the Golden Globes
"If you told me in 10th grade listening to [his 1998 album] It's Dark and Hell is Hot that DMX would be on the show that's supposed to be about my life, I would have bugged out," Huang says. "I think it's cool."
Huang also says he now appreciates the place Fresh Off the Boat has in advancing the portrayal of Asian Americans on TV.
"It's done a lot not just for Asian Americans but people of color in America," Huang says. "It started a very important conversation. It's been very productive for culture. That's what I'm most proud of. I can't be proud of the show because I don't watch it. I don't have emotions about the show, but I have emotions about what the show means socioeconomically."
Huang also says he doesn't see himself making a return to the show. "I don't think so, and it's not like I'm upset, it's just that it's not for me and they're doing fine without me. I don't think the show needs me, nor do I need to be a part of the show. It's its own kind of organism now. That's fine. I put a baby up for adoption. It's tough. It's hard in the beginning but you live with the decision you make."
Huang spoke to reporters at the Television Critics Association press tour on Wednesday to help promote the Feb. 29 launch of Viceland. Huang says he was arrested in Sicily while shooting an interview with white supremacists for Huang's World.
"They got plainclothes cops to arrest us because they didn't like how the interview went," he says, "and they through us in a Sicilian jail, on the 4th of July. We were in jail and within three hours, Vice got us out."
Huang, who has worked with Vice for nearly four years, raves about his experience with the company. "I get a lot more freedom at Vice than I would have gotten at other places," he says. "We get the freedom to speak our minds, be ourselves and tell an honest story. Whether it's right or wrong, we live with our footage."
RELATED: More Scoop From the Television Critics Association
A small animation that was based of THIS and voiced by Senile Snake.
(Keep reading for info about a SteelBallRun fan-trailer in this style that I am making)
As well as making this to see jojosbizarrevoices hilarious audio clip animated, I made this to test the anime's art style (manly SDC) to see if it would work with part 7′s art style for a SBR fan-trailer that I am hoping to make and with a few tweaks to the style it looks not too shabby. This took a lot longer than I thought to make but making it has me more feeling confident that I can make SteelBall Run trailer and I have been collecting resources for it everyday so hopefully I can get it made this year (If my PC doesn't die again). If you would like to contribute ideas or anything else send me a message or there's a forum post about it here.
P.s. sorry there is a watermark on this one, someone uploaded the Giorno animation I did without giving me credit :l
After 75 years in "temporary quarters" under the west side of the University of Arizona's football stadium, the world's first laboratory dedicated to tree-ring research now has a new home.
To celebrate, the UA Laboratory of Tree-Ring Research is hosting a 75th anniversary celebration and public open house at its new building on March 2 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
The Bryant Bannister Tree-Ring Building provides 17,300 square feet of usable space – about 7,000 square feet more than the space the UA Laboratory of Tree-Ring Research was using in the stadium. The building, completed in December 2012, is named for the laboratory's director emeritus.
"Our open house this coming Saturday is our first opportunity to share the new building with the public," said Thomas W. Swetnam, laboratory director and Regents' Professor of Dendrochronology. "One of the most exciting aspects of the beautiful new building is that it is designed, in part, to share our past discoveries and current scientific work with the public.
"Tree rings are a terrific way to learn about time, history and our world. From tree rings we learn about great natural and cultural events, such as droughts, forest fires, volcanic eruptions and the rise and fall of civilizations. You can actually see and touch centuries and millennia of history, all exactly ordered in the sequences of rings."
The study of the annual rings of trees, known as dendrochronology, was invented by Andrew E. Douglass more than a century ago. Douglass, who came to the UA in 1906, pioneered the use of tree rings to date the ancient ruins of cliff dwellings, including those at Chaco Culture National Historical Park and Mesa Verde National Park.
On the ground level, the building's exhibit hall showcases the 2-ton, 10-foot-diameter cross-section of a giant sequoia given to laboratory founder Douglass in the 1930s by the superintendent of Sequoia National Park. The ground floor also has public exhibit space and a multipurpose room that serves as an auditorium and as a teaching lab.
The building's upper floors are wider than the floor beneath, thus giving the idea of a tree canopy that provides shade to the ground below. The open arrangement of the laboratory and office spaces on those floors encourages interaction and collaboration among the lab's faculty and students.
The open house from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on March 2 will feature guided tours of the new building, exhibits about tree-ring science and hands-on activities for children.
In addition to the giant sequoia slab, the open house exhibits will include a specimen of the world's oldest known tree and artifacts from ancient southwest archaeology sites.
Researchers will give tours of their labs, discuss the variety of events recorded in tree rings and show visitors how dendrochronologists extract that information from trees.
Scientists will demonstrate how to core a tree to study the timeline captured by the tree's annual rings. Taking such a core does not hurt the tree. Visitors will be able to try their hands at taking a core and will be able to take that core home with them.
"We expect our new exhibit hall will host thousands of visitors each year, and we plan to develop a regular program of tours through parts of our new laboratory spaces, and eventually the archives of our collections as well," Swetnam said.
"To do this we need help, so we are organizing a volunteer docent program."
Docents will lead tours of the building, share the lab's rich history with the public and provide short demonstrations. The training sessions, limited to 30 people, are free. The first one is April 6, from 10 a.m. to noon. People who wish to become docents must register in advance by contacting Pamela Pelletier at 520-248-9933 or by email at pamela@email.arizona.edu.
In the next phase of construction, a modern, climate-controlled archive will be built in the Mathematics East building to house the lab's extensive collection of wood samples, which range from pencil-thin cores of trees to 7-foot-diameter cross-sections of giant sequoias. The irreplaceable samples, the work of scores of scientists starting with Douglass, are still used by researchers as they continue to explore the wealth of information recorded in tree rings.
The collection is estimated to contain more than 2 million individual pieces of wood. Once complete, the new archive will allow the lab to double the amount of wood samples in the collection.
The lab received a $425,000 grant from the National Park Service and National Endowment for the Humanities' Save America's Treasures Program and a $484,000 grant from the National Science Foundation's Collections in Support of Biological Research Program to purchase mechanical-compact shelving units to store the collection and to develop a digital database of the collections.
The Bryant Bannister Tree-Ring Building plus the renovation of the Mathematics East basement is primarily funded by private donation from Agnese Nelms Haury.
The UA Laboratory of Tree-Ring Research is recognized worldwide as a preeminent center for the advancement of tree-ring techniques and the broad application of dendrochronology in the social and environmental sciences.
Gay Star News and Stonewall are asking supporters to film Instagram videos of why they are in favor of same-sex marriage in England and Wales
Gay marriage is not legal in England and Wales, so a campaign aiming to give a much-needed final push to legalize the bill has launched today (4 July).
A call is being made to supporters of same-sex marriage to film short videos explaining why they are saying ‘I Do' to equality in England and Wales.
Launched by UK-based gay rights charity Stonewall and your favorite LGBT global news and lifestyle website Gay Star News, we are asking supporters to use Instagram to film short videos giving their reasons why they support equal marriage.
In videos of up to 10 seconds giving your reasons to support the bill, users just need to simply record their videos and post them with ‘@stonewalluk,' ‘@gaystarnews, and ‘#equalmarriage' in the caption comments.
Gay Star News and Stonewall will then share selected videos to over 100,000 followers on Facebook and Twitter over the coming weeks, making sure your voice is heard as the same-sex marriage bill reaches the final stages.
The Marriage (Same-sex Couples) Bill returns to the House of Lords on 8 July, and opponents of equality are readying themselves to make sure it does not pass.
Stonewall External Affairs Officer Richard Lane said: ‘Although we've seen some very supportive votes in Parliament for equal marriage in recent months we never take things for granted and can't afford to let a handful of peers jilt us at the altar.
‘We're expecting a series of close votes on mischievous and damaging wrecking amendments.
‘Supporters of marriage equality need to remind Peers that now is the time to say “I Do” to equal marriage.'
Scott Nunn, co-director of Gay Star News, said: ‘We have seen some amazing speeches for equal marriage in parliament and some ridiculous comments from some of the opponents.
‘That's why it is so important for real people's voices to be heard and for you to share how this legislation can change your life.
‘With everyone's support on social media we can show that love and gay marriage go together like a horse and carriage.'
Check out a sample video here.
“You see the naked man, the soft underbelly. It couldn't be a performance with any vanity, otherwise it wouldn't feel real,” said Ben Affleck.
It may be time to reassess Ben Affleck. Again. Over the course of a career that began two decades ago with a memorable role in Richard Linklater's “Dazed and Confused,” Affleck has been all over the Hollywood lot.
His resume includes plenty of forgettable fare, inglorious IMDb entries such as “Pearl Harbor,” “Paycheck,” “Daredevil,” and, of course, “Gigli.” But just when irrelevance seemed like it could be around the corner, Affleck recovered, showing himself to be a savvy actor — see “Hollywoodland” and “The Town” — and, with “Gone Baby Gone” and the Oscar-winning “Argo,” a first-rate filmmaker, a director worthy of our attention.
So what's next? The success of “Argo” has meant Affleck can write his own ticket, and he is. But instead of becoming another, say, Alan J. Pakula and just directing a taut, well-told feature every few years, he's returned to acting. At 42 and still movie-star handsome, Affleck is determined to be in front of the camera when he's not busy behind it.
Advertisement
That explains why, to the great surprise of fans of the never-ending Batman franchise, he's taken the role of the Caped Crusader in director Zack Snyder's forthcoming “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.” And why he's starring in the most hyped film of the fall, “Gone Girl,” director David Fincher's movie based on the monumental bestseller by Gillian Flynn.
Get The Weekender in your inbox: The Globe's top picks for what to see and do each weekend, in Boston and beyond. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
In the movie, which opens on Friday, Affleck plays Nick Dunne, a Scott Peterson-like character who's accused of killing his wife, played with wild eyes by Rosamund Pike. Flynn, for one, is a fan of Affleck's performance in the movie.
“I think it's one of his best,” said the author, who adapted her book for the big screen. “We see him in kind of alpha-male role. We see him in the likable buddy role. And he has to do all that as we wonder whether he killed his wife. Ben has to walk a very interesting and very strange tightrope in the role, and I think he does it wonderfully.”
Affleck has been doing his part to promote “Gone Girl,” but because he's currently shooting the Batman movie in Detroit, his time is limited. Very. We got 12 minutes on the phone with him last week, which was just enough to talk about his new movie and what's next.
Q. Hello, Ben.
Advertisement
A. Hey, Mark. How are you? How's Boston?
Q. It's OK. It's actually quite beautiful today, but enough about me. Let's talk about “Gone Girl.” It was an enormously popular book. But sometimes it's difficult to live up to the expectations of readers. Did you have any concerns about that?
Merrick Morton/Twentieth Century Fox In “Gone Girl,” Affleck plays a man whose wife goes missing and who then becomes the focus of suspicion.
A. My concern was more about the fact that I'd read the book and the first thought I had was, “I don't know how anyone would make this into a movie because of the structural challenges.” I just didn't know how to do it. So it's really a testament to David [Fincher] that, in my opinion, he did such an expert job. It's definitely not something I could have done.
Q. The characters are what drive the narrative in the book and the character of Amy, well, on screen she's . . . complicated. Do you think women, in particular, are going to view this movie and think “Jeez, what's going on with this?”
A. To me, this is in the mold of movies like ‘Indecent Proposal' or ‘War of the Roses,' movies that were, well, some were thrillers and others were dramas. They asked provocative questions about relationships between men and women. And when you do that, naturally you're going to get all kinds of reactions. Without speaking for David, I think that's the point, to get men and women coming out and flushing out our respective views on relationships.
Advertisement
Q. Your character is dark, but it's also ambiguous, as it needs to be. You haven't been a bad guy often on screen. I know it's acting, but I wonder if you thought you could sell yourself as someone capable of this kind of thing.
A. First of all, any time you have to play a character, your first job is to empathize with the character and to see the world through their point of view and not make judgments about the character. Part of what Nick represents, thematically, despite the aspects of his character that are dark, is the male view of relationships. I tried to adopt that, although my own marriage, thankfully, is quite a bit different than the one in this movie. Nonetheless, I think you can tap into the ways men and women misunderstand one another. I knew that it had to be a nuanced performance. David wanted a very natural, warts-and-all kind of thing. You see the naked man, the soft underbelly. It couldn't be a performance with any vanity, otherwise it wouldn't feel real. That was the organic side of it. In terms of the technical side, and the thing that concerned me the most, was not like, Hey, this guy may or may not be a really bad guy. But rather calibrating the performance, so the audience only learns so much along the way and sort of leans in the direction that the filmmaker wants them to lean.
Q. Tell me about the portrayal of the media in this film. You play a character besieged by the media. In interviews, you've talked about elements of your personal history that were helpful in playing the character. The media does come off looking like a pack of jackals.
A. I mean, my own experience with the media is not this, but in some ways a parallel to this in the sense that I do know what it's like to not recognize myself on the television screen, or in print, in the way I'm being characterized. But really the critique of the media in this movie is not so much about celebrity media but in the way in which the cable news monster needs to be fed, you know, every 15 seconds. And what it feeds on is scandal and outrage and sanctimony. It's reductive and it's salacious and it's meant to keep audiences outraged and engaged. That's why we have so many famous criminals. Notoriety is sort of the next best thing to fame. Maybe they're the same thing.
Q. Your friend Matt [Damon] has talked about the roles that he chooses, and how often they're based on the director. What's your own perspective? Was Fincher a factor in doing this movie?
A. I would have done a staged reading of a telephone book with David because he's so brilliant. He hasn't made a bad movie and he's also somebody, as a director, I felt I could learn from. In terms of what it was like working with him, he's a master. He's got a certain meticulousness, a specific sense of what he wants and how he wants the movie to be. Sort of like the watchmaker approach. He's down to the finest knobs and switches.
Q. I assumed after “Argo” and “The Town” that [your brother] Casey [Affleck] was the actor in the family, and you would be the director. Why are you acting?
A. Because I love acting. It's very satisfying. I've been doing it for 30 years and I can't imagine not doing it.
TIZIANA FABI/AFP/Getty Images Affleck and Rosamund Pike star in “Gone Girl.”
Q. But it does take you away from directing. Talk to me about the status of your next directorial project, a movie based on Dennis Lehane's “Live by Night.”
A. It's been greenlit. It's supposed to start shooting in July and I'll start prepping in March. We got a budget, we got locations. . . . The irony is I originally wanted to do the whole thing in Boston, and I went to Boston to scout, and you can't find an inch of the city that hasn't been so thoroughly renovated that it's beyond recognition from the 1970s, never mind the '20s and '30s. Unfortunately, although I will shoot some time in Boston, I'm going to have to build sets and use visual effects for backdrops and that sort of thing. The Boston of the '20s and '30s is long gone.
Q. You're on the set of the “Batman” film at the moment?
A. I sure am. Well, I'm not on the set right now. We're shooting nights and it's before work, but I'm in Detroit.
Q. What can you tell me about it? Are you going to be a good Batman?
A. I can tell you that I'm very excited and it's very exciting. I can tell you that in my entire career, I haven't had so many people come up to me and say how much they're looking forward to the movie. Naturally, that's a lot of pressure, but I love the script, I love the director, I love the studio. I'm very much looking forward to it, but it's two years away so it probably doesn't bear talking about anymore.
Trailer:
More coverage:
- Fall Books Preview: What to read?
- Fall movies aim high
- ‘Gone Girl' with Affleck grabs Entertainment Weekly cover
- More from Movies
Interview was edited and condensed. Mark Shanahan can be reached at mark.shanahan@globe.com
Share. The game is currently available on PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and PC. The game is currently available on PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and PC.
Final Fantasy 14 could find its way to the Xbox One if Microsoft is willing to tweak some of its regulations. According to Final Fantasy 14 director Naoki Yoshida, Square Enix is currently in discussions with Microsoft.
"Microsoft actually approached the Final Fantasy 14 team about the cross-platform opportunity," Yoshida told Polygon. "When our team reviewed the regulations that are associated with that, we realized that Microsoft may not have the experience or understanding of running an MMORPG as an online game genre just yet."
Exit Theatre Mode
The Final Fantasy 14 team expressed these concerns to Microsoft, saying there are "certain elements of its regulations that [Square Enix] would have to consider waived." The developer is currently awaiting Microsoft's response.
Final Fantasy 14: A Realm Reborn is available on PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and PC. The game never came to Xbox because the system didn't support cross-platform play. However, Microsoft spent a good amount of time at E3 2016 touting the Xbox One's cross-play capabilities.
Exit Theatre Mode
The game—which launched in 2013 on PlayStation 3 and in 2014 on PlayStation 4—got a new content patch just last week. Square Enix has said it'll "continue to fully support the PS3 through the 3.x series of patches."
Nicole is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow her on Twitter.
Evernote owns me. Evernote knows things about me that I myself have long since forgotten. Evernote is my external brain, my electronic memory. It is one of the best parts of living in a digital age and has quickly become one of my most indispensable electronic tools.
Sponsor Show Your Support Become a Patron
What is Evernote? It is an application designed to record, archive and retrieve information. Designed to use a familiar paradigm—notes stored within notebooks—it is meant to help you remember and act upon ideas, projects and experiences across all the computers, phones and tablets you use. It's brilliant, and it's getting better all the time.
Let me explain how and why I use Evernote.
I Take It Everywhere
Evernote goes with me everywhere I go because I never know when I will want to record or retrieve information. I have installed it on pretty much every device I use. It is on my computer at home, it is on my computer at the church office, it is on my cell phone, and it is on my iPad. Where I go, Evernote goes with me and it is never more than a couple of button presses away. It is there when I need to access important documents, and it is there when I have one of those ideas that needs to be recorded right now before I forget all about it.
I Tell It Everything
I regularly feed all kinds of information into Evernote. It took me a while to learn this: The more I enter into it, the more powerful it becomes. When I used it sparingly, I found it less useful than when I committed to it. Here are some of the ways I feed it information:
Every time I lead a meeting, I create a note to record agendas, minutes, and observations. (Tip: if you use printed agendas, write all over it and then snap a scan of it on your phone using Evernote's document scanner feature.)
Every time I think of something I need to buy the next time I am out shopping, I add it to a shopping list.
When I receive an emailed invoice or receipt, I forward it to Evernote using my Evernote email address. (Tip: add @receipts to the subject line of the email to automatically forward it to a “receipts” notebook.)
When doing an interview or when having an important discussion, I hit the “record” button and record the discussion.
When I have an idea for a future blog post or even a future book project, I add it to Evernote.
Every time I prepare a sermon, conference talk, or devotional, I add it to my “Speaking & Sermons” notebook. This gives me full access to all my sermons and speeches all the time (something that has come in handy more than once!).
I use the Chrome extension to clip articles and PDF documents I may want to refer to in the future. (Tip: Evernote Premium will allow you to search within PDF documents, something that will definitely come in hand.)
And that is just a start. If it is information I may want to access in the future, it goes in.
I Use It To Eliminate Paper
Because I sometimes work from home and sometimes work from the church office, and because I spend a fair bit of time on the road, I prefer to retain electronic records over paper-based records. Evernote allows me to scan everything—receipts, meeting agendas, business cards, post-it notes, and even random notes on random bits of paper. Best of all, I can scan them using the camera on my phone or tablet and in an instant they are added to my database. I have now almost eliminated paper records altogether.
I Use It To Collaborate
One of the great features of Evernote is sharing. We have recently begun to use Evernote at the church to share information between staff members. For example, we create a note for each Sunday of the year and begin to fill in information we'll need to know for that day—who is preaching and what his text will be, what other events are happening that day, what we need to announce from the front of the room, and so on. We also have notebooks shared only among elders where we can retain agendas for our elders' meetings or records of important meetings. The more we collaborate through Evernote, the more helpful it becomes.
And that's just a start. The fact is, we all need a system to archive, retain and access information. There are tools available today that help us retain more with less effort and to access it with greater ease. Evernote does this for me. Why don't you give it a try?
Truth be told, I've never really had the opportunity to try tofu. It's always been on the list of things that seem like they'll be nasty if I tried them, or other people have told me the horror stories connected with it. But, I've got a pretty open mind and loved the idea of giving it a try with my own spin on it. Let me tell you – if you've never had tofu, or think you don't like it…you need to re-try it!
Baked tofu is wonderful. Instead of the soft, gooey, flavorless mess that people usually describe, you get a rich and flavorful little cube that has crunchy outsides. It's almost like adding meaty croutons to a salad – really a joyful experience for me.
Bok Choy is something that I've had in the past, and not had the best experience with either. The last time I remember eating it was at my brother's house when he was attempting to make an Asian stir-fry. The bok choy was rubbery and watery at the same time, and made me stay away from it for a few years. But, raw bok choy is fantastic! It's super crunchy, brings a distinct bitter taste to the party, and really balances out everything in this salad.
Not only did I experience a great first time with tofu, I thought that bringing some vegetarian meals to the site might be helpful for those that don't eat meat. I get requests quite often via e-mail to add more vegetarian recipes, and I'm trying to do it, albeit slowly. Bon appétit!
Yields 3 servings of Crispy Tofu and Bok Choy Salad
The Preparation
Oven Baked Tofu
15 ounces extra firm tofu
extra firm tofu 1 tablespoon soy sauce
soy sauce 1 tablespoon sesame oil
sesame oil 1 tablespoon water
water 2 teaspoons minced garlic
minced garlic 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar
rice wine vinegar Juice ½ lemon
Bok Choy Salad
9 ounces bok choy
bok choy 1 stalk green onion
green onion 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro
chopped cilantro 3 tablespoons coconut oil
coconut oil 2 tablespoons soy sauce
soy sauce 1 tablespoon sambal olek
sambal olek 1 tablespoon peanut butter
peanut butter Juice ½ lime
½ lime 7 drops liquid stevia
The Execution
1. Start by pressing the tofu. Lay the tofu in a kitchen towel and put something heavy over the top (like a cast iron skillet). It takes about 4-6 hours to dry out, and you may need to replace the kitchen towel half-way through.
2. Once the tofu is pressed, work on your marinade. Combine all of the ingredients for the marinade (soy sauce, sesame oil, water, garlic, vinegar, and lemon).
3. Chop the tofu into squares and place in a plastic bag along with the marinade. Let this marinate for at least 30 minutes, but preferably over night.
4. Pre-heat oven to 350°F. Place tofu on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper (or a silpat) and bake for 30-35 minutes.
5. As the tofu is cooked, get started on the bok choy salad. Chop cilantro and spring onion.
6. Mix all of the other ingredients together (except lime juice and bok choy) in a bowl. Then add cilantro and spring onion. Note: You can microwave coconut oil for 10-15 seconds to allow it is to melt.
7. Once the tofu is almost cooked, add lime juice into the salad dressing and mix together.
8. Chop the bok choy into small slices, like you would cabbage.
9. Remove the tofu from the oven and assemble your salad with tofu, bok choy, and sauce. Enjoy!
This makes a total of 3 servings of Crispy Tofu and Bok Choy Salad. Each serving comes out to be 398.59 Calories, 30.43g Fats, 6.68g Net Carbs, and 24.11g Protein.
Crispy Tofu and Bok Choy Salad Calories Fat(g) Carbs(g) Fiber(g) Net Carbs(g) Protein(g) 15 ounces extra firm tofu 500 25 5 0 5 60 3 tablespoon soy sauce 25 0.27 2.37 0.4 1.97 3.91 1 tablespoon sesame oil 120 13.6 0 0 0 0 2 teaspoons minced garlic 8 0.03 1.85 0.1 1.75 0.36 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar 0 0 0 0 0 0 Juice ½ (24 g) lemon 5 0.06 1.66 0.1 1.56 0.08 9 ounces bok choy 33 0.51 5.56 2.5 3.06 3.82 1 stalk (12 g) green onion 3 0.06 0.69 0.2 0.49 0.12 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro 0 0.01 0.07 0.07 0 0.04 3 tablespoons coconut oil 364 40.42 0 0 0 0 1 tablespoon sambal olek 35.76 3.1 2.24 0.56 1.68 0.37 1 tablespoon peanut butter 96 8.22 3.57 0.8 2.77 3.55 Juice (22 g) ½ lime 6 0.02 1.85 0.1 1.75 0.09 7 drops liquid stevia 0 0 0 0 0 0 Totals 1195.76 91.3 24.86 4.83 20.03 72.34 Per Serving(/3) 398.59 30.43 8.29 1.61 6.68 24.11
It was a recent morning in Newark's Ironbound section and, a block from the Hawkins Street School, more than a dozen trucks lurched through the intersection of Hawkins and Christie streets within a span of 10 minutes, some hauling shipping containers to the nearby Port Newark/Elizabeth Marine Terminal complex.
During the same period, dozens more container trucks whizzed past the intersection on Routes 1 & 9, which cuts through the Ironbound atop an embankment. Flights into Newark Liberty International Airport passed directly overhead every three minutes or so, adding jet fumes to the toxins spewed by the trucks, plus cars, a municipal waste incinerator, recycling plant and other heavy industries.
In the shadow of the bustling Ferry Street commercial district, many of the Ironbound's largely poor, minority residents feel besieged by polluters who travel through the area — though not to it — sickening them and their children, they say, without sharing the jobs or other economic benefits derived from all those carbon emissions.
Parents, community leaders and medical researchers say asthma is a particularly serious problem in the Ironbound, a hot spot for the chronic respiratory disease within a city whose asthma-related hospitalization rate is already more than double Essex County's. The situation is similar in Newark's South Ward.
So a proposal to raise the Bayonne Bridge roadway that could increase the number of trucks driving in and out of the port has struck a raw nerve among parents, community activists, environmental justice advocates and others in the Ironbound and the neighboring South Ward.
Members of the communities are waging a campaign that, despite the time-sensitive project's promise of thousands of construction and permanent jobs, would slow down its ongoing environmental review process by as much as a year.
Led by the nonprofit Coalition for Healthy Ports, members of the community are also demanding safeguards to ensure the project does not aggravate the area's already elevated asthma rates and other health problems.
“I know people need jobs. I'm very understanding of that because I live right here, where many people have low income or no income,” said Nancy Minsey, a volunteer with the nonprofit Ironbound Community Corp., who has two sons with asthma. “But I'm talking to you from my perspective as a mother.”
Diesel fumes trigger asthma attacks, and repeated exposure can aggravate symptoms and cause permanent respiratory damage, said Robert Laumbach, a researcher at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey who is leading a study of asthma in the Ironbound funded by the Environmental Protection Agency.
The EPA has criticized a draft environmental assessment of the bridge project prepared by the Coast Guard, the project's federal permitting agency, for its failure to address the net impact of the project on truck-related emissions in neighborhoods not immediately adjacent to the construction zone.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey wants to raise the roadway to open access to ports in Newark and Elizabeth for bigger ships expected to begin traveling from China to the East Coast following an expansion of the Panama Canal.
Supporters, including Gov. Chris Christie, say the project will preserve port jobs and commerce. The Port Authority says it would increase truck traffic by less than 1 percent, which would be offset by various efforts, including helping truckers replace their aging rigs.
Critics, however, say the replacement program places most of the burden on cash-strapped independent truckers, and called on the Port Authority to set up a $100 million fund for a “green” infrastructure fund.
Speaking only for himself, Laumbach of UMDNJ said he is sure the Ironbound's asthma problem is linked at least in part to port truck traffic. But he conceded it is hard to say just how much of the blame port trucks deserve, as opposed to the ships, planes, factories, cars and non-port trucks.
“There's no smoking gun,” Laumbach said. “Or smoking tailpipe.”
Mincey's sons say port trucks drive right past their apartment along Roanoke Avenue, and it can be difficult to avoid the diesel smoke.
“It feels horrible,” said Rahmele, 13. “Like you're in a fire in your house, and you're breathing in the smoke in your house.”
Juan Rolon, president of Port Drivers Federation 18, an association of independent truckers, blamed the Ironbound's asthma problem on the local incinerator, recycling plant and other industries, as well as planes from nearby Newark Airport, and automobile traffic from the New Jersey Turnpike, Routes 1 & 9 and other roads. Rolon said his own family is living proof of the benign effect of big rigs on respiratory health.
CONNECT WITH US
On mobile or desktop: • Like The Star-Ledger on Facebook • Follow @starledger on Twitter And check out our redesigned mobile site by visiting NJ.com from any mobile browser.
“My brother has asthma and he drives a truck,” Rolon said. “The trucks don't cause asthma.”
The chairwoman of Newark's environmental commission, Kim Gaddy, said she became an activist because her own three children have asthma, which she attributes at least in part to port-related emissions.
Figures from the Office of Minority Health in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services show African-American children are twice as likely as whites to develop asthma. A 2008 study found black children were 3.7 times more likely than whites to be hospitalized for the disease, and an analysis of 2003-05 data found black children were 7.1 times more likely to die from it than whites.
The Kids Count annual survey of children's health for 2012 found Newark children were 2.2 times more likely to be hospitalized due to asthma than children in Essex County overall in 2012.
White children are by no means immune. Eugene and Natalie Echevarria said their 5-year-old son, Eugene, was born with the disease but hadn't shown any symptoms for several years, until the family moved to the Ironbound in January from a leafier neighborhood near Branch Brook Park. “More pollution, more trucks coming by,” his mother explained. “He's starting having attacks again.”
RELATED COVERAGE
• EPA and local groups question Bayonne Bridge environmental assessment
• U.S. Coast Guard extends assessment period for Bayonne Bridge raising
In a tragic end to the nearly 50-hour-long rescue operation, a four-year-old girl who fell into an open borewell at Nagathana village, near Bijapur, was found dead late last night.The round-the-clock operation launched on Tuesday evening ended with the rescue teams finding the body of Akshata Hanumanth Patil at a depth of about 26 feet in the abandoned borewell, officials said.The body had almost started decomposing, District Health Officer Gundappa told reporters, shortly after the rescue team pulled her out from the nearly 300 feet borewell in a farm.Akshata was stuck at about 25 or 26 feet, Additional Deputy Commissioner Kavitha said.Rescuers dug a parallel well and drilled a horizontal tunnel to reach the girl, who met with the tragedy while she was following her father, a labourer in the farm. Iron shafts were inserted under the spot where Akshata was stuck to prevent her from sliding down further, officials said.Kavitha said oxygen was being supplied to the girl constantly while Bijapur district Superintendent of Police Ramnivas Sepat said the rescue operations were launched immediately after the incident was reported.Teams from National Disaster Response Force, fire brigade and police and Hutti Gold Mines were involved in the operation which at times was delayed when the rescuers encountered rocky portions while digging.A robot expert from Tamil Nadu, Manikandan made three attempts to reach the girl with his machine since he was brought in a helicopter here yesterday but to no avail.Her distraught parents Hanumanth Maipatil and Savithri, both agricultural labourers, watched the operation helplessly as villagers in and surrounding areas prayed for their daughter.The body was taken to Bijapur hospital for post mortem, officials said. Bijapur district in-charge minister M B Patil, who along with senior officials oversaw the operation, said they made all out efforts to save the girl.
Vandar Tokare was a male Jedi Master who was the head of the Jedi Enclave on Dantooine during the Mandalorian Wars and Jedi Civil War, holding a seat on both the Jedi High Council and the Council of the Jedi academy during this time span. He was friends with fellow Council member Vrook Lamar, usually having the last word in their frequent disagreements, most notably on the choice to train Revan once again in the ways of the Jedi after his fall to the dark side of the Force. One of the attendees of the Conclave on Katarr, Tokare was killed during an attack from the Sith Lord Darth Nihilus in which the entire Miraluka colony and many of the survivors of the First Jedi Purge were lost.
Biography
Tokare took Derrica Praji and another person as Jedi Padawans and trained them on Ossus. In 4,225 BBY Tokare and his two apprentices traveled to the world Kaikielius, where they led Galactic Republic troops during the Kaikieli Reconquista, a campaign to retake Kaikielius from criminals. For three months, Tokare led attacks on most criminal-infested cities and was eventually victorious.
Prior to the Mandalorian Wars, Vandar had a conversation with Vrook Lamar concerning the Jedi Exile. She had yet to achieve the title of Jedi Knight, but a Master had already been assigned to her, and her talent with Force bonding had already begun to manifest itself. Master Vrook had low views on anyone who followed Revan, but even before the war, he deemed the Exile a mediocre Jedi, and believed her talent was uncontrolled because of lust for power, and that it would eventually lead her to the dark side. When he caught the Exile in a heated argument with his Padawan, Vrook first asked her Master to lecture her about discipline, without success, then he expected Master Vandar to step in, but he wouldn't either. Though respecting Lamar's wisdom, Tokare told him that it was not his concern, and he voiced a divergent opinion on the Exile, whom he saw as a natural leader with a unique strength. This conversation was recorded by a protocol droid serving at the Jedi Enclave. Years later, in 3,951 BBY, for the first time since she went to war, the Exile would return to Dantooine. She met this droid in a battered state, its memory banks corrupted, but after indulging in some maintenance, she found a partially degraded holorecord of Vrook and Vandar speaking about her.
Mandalorian Wars
In the years leading up to the Mandalorian invasion of the Galactic Republic during the Mandalorian Wars, Master Vandar taught many pupils, and by 3,964 BBY he was the leading Master of the Jedi Enclave. Zayne Carrick, who had been a student of his before being apprenticed to Lucien Draay, sought the help of Master Vandar in the wake of the Padawan Massacre of Taris, for which he had been framed. The fugitive Padawan contacted him from The Last Resort and disclosed the details of what occurred in the Jedi Tower when his fellow students Shad Jelavan, Kamlin, Oojoh, and Gharn were all killed during their Knighting ceremony.
Distraught, Vandar asked him how could he have murdered those he grew up with. Zayne tried to explain that he barely escaped the same fate, as he was chased by those he found standing among their corpses with their lightsabers drawn, their own teachers, Jedi Masters Feln, Q'Anilia, Raana Tey, Xamar, and Lucien himself. But Vandar found hard to even contemplate that Lucien, who was the scion of an important family, both in the Republic and in the Jedi Order, could be responsible for such a thing. Instead, he pondered aloud if Zayne himself may have committed the crime, and subconsciously erased it from his mind.
When Zayne called the Enclave, Vandar was in a meeting with fellow Council members Zhar Lestin, Vrook, and Bala Nisi. He asked Zhar about any Jedi Consulars serving on Taris, and was surprised to hear that, save Lucien, all Jedi stationed there were Consulars, which was unusual. Nevertheless, he told Zayne that if he turned himself in, one of those Jedi could probe his mind and help him find the truth. Just as Zayne pointed out that those were the ones trying to kill him, the transmission got cut by Jarael, who struck Zayne from behind and knocked him unconscious.
The Council of Dantooine follows Carrick's arrival on Taris
A dependable Master
Within weeks since the murders, Zayne decided to turn himself in so as to relieve his new companions of the trouble he had brought upon them. In the Council chamber of the Jedi Enclave, Vandar watched him on a news hologram as he was brought in chains to the Jedi Tower. However, before he could be killed by Lucien, Zayne was rescued by Jarael, and escaped once again. The Masters of Taris were then contacted by the Dantooine Jedi Enclave Council and recalled too Coruscant to explain themselves.As they stood judgment before the High Council, a stern Vrook Lamar would reprimand the five for allowing the deaths of their students, and he would remind them of a recurrent counsel of Vandar's about being protectors as much as teachers. Master Vandar insted regretted he did not listen to Vrook's counsel when he expressed disapproval of assigning students to them uneager teachers, feeling now that perhaps that reluctance was, in fact, wisdom.
When Raana Tey hired the Moomo brothers to stalk Zayne's father, banker Arvan Carrick, Master Vandar welcomed his family to Dantooine for as long as they liked, and let Arvan work for the Jedi Enclave. Dantooine not offering much in the way of financial opportunities, Master Vandar was surprised to hear of his request, which was really to let Zayne's mind be at peace with the well-being of his loved ones, while he did what he could to clear his name. Arvan justified it with the fact that Zayne always spoke of Vandar as of someone he could trust, and that trust meant a lot in banking.
Chasing Shadows
At some point, Lucien Draay was offered a seat on the Jedi High Council as a result of the influence of his family and the manipulations of his former teacher, the shadow leader of the Jedi Covenant, Haazen. Vrook and Vandar agreed to this, if only to keep a closer look on him and find the truth about the Padawan Massacre. Tokare found his rise to power rather suspicious, and felt someone else was behind it, but he could not tell who or why. Haazen was really safe from Vandar's grasp in the Living Force, as he relied on a Sith artifact known as the Yoke of Seeming to prevent Jedi from perceiving his intentions.
After the deaths of Feln and Raana Tey, Vandar received a transmission from Shel Jelavan, the sister of one of the victims. He was informed by her of what took place on Jebble when Covenant Shadow Celeste Morne, a rogue Jedi under Lucien's orders, unleashed a powerful dark side artifact which caused the Rakghoul Plague; and he agreed to meet Shel in a cantina on Coruscant, where he was to ask for “Captain Malak.” The bank Arvan Carrick worked for was co-owned by the Draay Trus a corporation from which half the members of the Jedi High Council received funds for their charitable causes. With his help, Master Vandar discovered that the true extent of their financial power and influence within the Jedi Order was indeed more than enough to make possible the creation of Jedi Shadows. Though being very sceptical on this matter, Master Vrook accompanied him to the meeting, and when Vandar made the name of his contact, they found that Captain Malak was none other than Jedi Knight Alek Squinquargesimus, who had come to Coruscant with Shel on Zayne's behalf, even though an arrest warrant had been issued on Revanchists, by the Council, on Lucien's request. Shel told the Masters what happened on Taris, when Raana Tey revealed that the head of the Jedi Covenant was Krynda Draay, a Sage Master, and one of the few remaining heroes of the Great Sith War. However, even when Alek told them that Zayne was bringing a collection of Sith artifacts from a repository on Odryn as evidence to expose the Covenant and clear his name, Master Vrook said that it was not enough to bring the matter before the Council. He and Vandar realized that if they were to accuse Krynda, the Order would be torn apart, as she had been training Jedi for thirty years after the war, without the supervision of the Council, and retained their allegiance. When Zayne landed and gave the signal, they set off to meet him. Just as Master Vandar came to the conclusion that one of the Masters of the Covenant needed to speak up, Xamar stepped forward, ready to confess.
After the events of Vindication, the Council offered to reinstate Zayne into the Order as a Jedi Knight. But Zayne decided he'd rather look out for people who fell beneath the Order's notice and declined the offer.
Jedi Civil War
During the Jedi Civil War that followed the Mandalorian Wars, Vandar oversaw the training of Revan after he was stripped of his memory by the Jedi Council. He was also the one who assigned Revan and Bastila to hunt down the Star Maps that would lead to the Star Forge.
Having survived Darth Malak‘s attack on Dantooine, Master Vandar participated in the Battle of Rakata Prime, acting as an adviser alongside Admiral Forn Dodonna. After the battle, it was Vandar who proclaimed Revan to be truly redeemed, thus reinstating his former rank of Jedi Knight and also proclaiming him as the “Prodigal Knight.”
Master Vandar celebrates the destruction of the Star Forge.
Death
In 3,952 BBY Jedi Master Atris called a Jedi Conclave under the strict agreement of secrecy on the Mid Rim world of Katarr, where the few Jedi who escaped the First Jedi Purge hoped that in communion with the Force-sensitive Miraluka, they would be able to identify the elusive Sith threat that was ending them. Vandar attended the meeting, not knowing that Atris had secretly leaked knowledge of the gathering in the hopes that the enemy would reveal themselves. Ruled by his hunger, Darth Nihilus was drawn from the Unknown Regions and fed upon all life on the planet, making the Jedi all but extinct. Vandar's death would be related to the Jedi Exile on Dantooine by his long-time friend Vrook, who had not gone to Katarr, and was still unaware of why or how he had died. The Exile would learn later on how Atris had even felt what could happen, and still not warned the Jedi, choosing instead to stay safely away and watch.
Powers and abilities
Vandar Tokare was a master of the Ataru form of lightsaber combat, and owned two shotos. Like most wielders of the Force, he could perform Mind tricks, but he also possessed many strong Force powers such as Sever Force and Force Suppression. He was also capable of advanced applications of Telekinesis, like levitation, and could wield weapons effectively without his hands.
Aside from Basic, he could also speak Kreva and Draethos language.
This article uses material from the “Vandar Tokare” article on the Star Wars wiki at Wikia and is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike License
(Visited 349 times, 1 visits today)
“Who's driving the conversation in the GTHA? Banks, builders and brokers, all of which have business interests.” That's Paul Smetanin speaking, picking up where this column left off last week: what to do about the housing crisis?
Many boomers have their wealth tied up in their home's value, but selling to unlock that money presents unpalatable options. ( Andrew Francis Wallace/The Toronto Star )
Smetanin is president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis and he caught note of last week's contemplation about boomers and excess housing in boomer homes and the benefits of staying in place (health, community connection). Can boomers be part of the solution? A basement apartment? A retrofitted duplex? There has to be a bigger conversation, Smetanin agrees, specifically evidence-based policy aimed at benefitting communities. He offers up some interesting statistics: there are more than five million spare bedrooms in Ontario, equivalent to 25 years' worth of construction. In the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area, he adds, there's 17 years' worth of construction in empty bedrooms. His group concludes that 85 per cent of those aged 65 and over are “over-housed.” Before Barbara writes me an email — Barbara was very unhappy with last week's column — I want to be clear that I'm not telling boomers, myself included, to pack up and move out. I am acknowledging that the barriers to downsizing, for those who want to downsize, are many. And it's time for some fresh thinking.
Article Continued Below
Smetanin's position is this: once we get past the “blame game” — speculators pushing up house prices — what we are experiencing is a failure of governance, a failure of planning. “The problem is a large part of the population is sitting in homes too large for them,” he says. “For these people to move and right-size, they have no place to go, so they're staying in place.” Consider the homeowner who would like to sell and rent, thereby unlocking a handsome capital gain. Perhaps the need to subsidize fixed pension income is an impetus. But the rental stock is not there — Smetanin timestamps the choking off of purpose-built rentals to 1991. “So they have to go from ownership to ownership,” he says. Ownership of what? We've witnessed the building of “really, really big stuff” on the fringes of the city. And the building of “really small stuff” in the core, represented by junior one bedroom and one-bedroom condos in 50-storey towers with overcommitted amenities. (Think here of the 600-square-foot gym for 1,500 residents.)
The new homeowner was the prime target. The homeowner at the more mature end of the wage scale may not be enamored of this offering, with condo fees and potentially transient neighbours adding to their concerns. This is the homeowner in seek of a complete community. I'm generalizing. But we all know that historically low interest rates combined with the condo construction boom and the so-called fear of missing out has built the primary profile of the first-time condo buyer. Home ownership rates in Toronto have risen to 68 per cent from 55 per cent since the 1970s, Smetanin says. The majority of that increase — 70 per cent — occurred in the 10 years from 1996. Happiness for the banks. What's missing? “We needed midrise gentle density,” Smetanin says of the planning mismatch. “The planning side has not recognized the movement of demographics.” Not that the demographic forecasting was a challenge. It merely seems to have been largely ignored.
Article Continued Below
Smetanin defines midrise as no more than 15 storeys, with two- and three-bedroom options outpacing the one-bedroom version. “The question is how to make it behaviourally palatable for people to move. We need to make it a rational choice to go from an oversized choice to a right-sized choice.” When he says “behaviourally palatable” he's including retention of quality of life. “What we're seeing is that people have an affiliation with their community,” he says. He has heard from several householders in a single neighbourhood who are making a collective decision to move. He sees the potential for entrepreneurs to build housing “packages” for neighbourhoods. The underlying point is this: “Various governments have a finger in different parts of the housing industry, but they don't see the whole picture.” Governments move slowly. I have heard from dozens of readers who are puzzling over an immediate housing conundrum. Here's one: “Your article about boomers holding onto large homes and the lack of rental units in Toronto opens a discussion that should be pursued. Our situation is that our house is our only asset and our pension. Downsizing means we could rent at a high rate to stay in Toronto, or compete with the millennials to buy a condo or bungalow in Toronto at a price that depletes our pension value. But what if we could duplex our house and sell half of it? We could stay in our neighbourhood, offer a home and asset to a young family, and have money to live on in our retirement. This is an option I would like to see the city consider.” Precisely. Time to find out what's involved in doing exactly that. Contact Jennifer Wells at jenwells@thestar.ca
X is gon' give it to ya.
On January 13, DMX will release his eighth studio album, Redemption of the Beast. The follow-up to 2012's Undisputed will be available at iTunes, Amazon, and physical retailers via indie label Seven Arts Music.
The 16 tracks, which can be previewed on Amazon, include the single “It's Goin' Down,” with appearances from Freeway, Rampage, and Jannyce.
According to a press release, you can expect to hear “X's signature heavy-hitting, fast-paced lyrics, classic Ruff Ryder beats, and moments of reflection on his experience in the rap game.”
DMX can also be seen playing himself in Chris Rock's comedy Top Five, while his 1998 hit “Ruff Ryders' Anthem” is featured on the film's soundtrack.
Redemption of the Beast Tracklisting
1. “Spit That Shit”
2. “Built Like A Bitch”
3. “On and On”
4. “Get Up and Try Again”
5. “Solid” feat. Rampage
6. “I'm Gonna Win”
7. “It's A Problem”
8. “It's Goin' Down”
9. “Shout It”
10. “One More Night”
11. “56 Bars”
12. “Where You Have Been” feat. Freeway
13. “Right or Wrong” feat. Jannyce
14. “Gonna Get Mine”
15. “We Gonna Make It”
16. “Love That Bitch” feat. Jannyce
Looking at Kibana 5 for the first time, you can't help but notice the new and improved design. It's not just a “facelift” — as many products like to call it — but rather a whole bottom-up redesign of the app.
While the release date of Kibana 5 is not known, I did look at the features of the current alpha version and wanted to share my thoughts with the community.
The Kibana 5 Dashboard
The Kibana team did a great job with the new version's real estate — it's a really smart move to put the menu on the left side of the screen and keep it minimized when not in use. This frees up space for the histogram as well as the logs themselves.
The new logo, choice of colors, and subtle loading indicator at the top of the screen are really nice touches too. In addition, I really like how the new Kibana 5 dashboards look. They dropped the borders on all the visualizations and made it look cleaner.
Inside the App
Say that you have just opened the app, and Kibana 5 welcomes you with a message about a missing index pattern. The nice thing about this version is that Elastic has added an “Upload CSV” tab.
If we are not currently receiving data but have a .csv file from our production log files, all we need to do is to drag the file onto the browser screen:
Kibana then shows a quick wizard that asks us to approve the mapping for the data and give the file a name. Finally, we can hit “upload” — and it's there! All of the data from our file can be seen in the Discover window:
The Discover Window
Compared to Kibana 4, there are some small functionality changes in the Discover window in Kibana 5. One of them is that whenever data is not time-based, we do not have a histogram that shows the number of logs that have been received over time. Kibana seems to want to save precious real estate here.
In addition, when we open a single log, we can click on an asterisk icon next to any specific field to filter logs with that field quickly.
Above the log, there is a link to the specific log message. In previous versions of Kibana, this link went directly to Elasticsearch, returning the actual JSON via a browser GET request to the Elasticsearch server.
In Kibana 5, this has changed to a custom view that shows the specific log. The great advantage is that organizations that do not want to expose their Elasticsearch servers for security reasons can still allow people to send a link to a specific log message:
The Visualizations and Dashboards
I cannot help but mention again that the visualization editor is much nicer than the one in Kibana 3 and 4. It almost feels as if they have improved the functionality as well!
Once you created a dashboard or visualization and wanted to share it with someone in the past, Kibana would generate a really long link. In Kibana 5, there is a small button in the share dialog that generates a shortened URL for you instead. This is a much more user-friendly way to share and embed dashboards and visualizations.
Each dashboard also has a “theme” setting. You can choose to display a dashboard using a dark theme, which instantly switches the view to a black background with the light colors in the foreground. Users have been wanting this feature for quite a while:
In the main menu, you will also find a new button named “Console.” Those of you who have used Elasticsearch for a few years already are probably familiar with the Chrome extension called “Sense.” For some reason, Elastic decided to discontinue this plugin. Instead, they added it to the Marvel app and then moved it into Kibana as a default tab:
This is by far the most comfortable way to run Elasticsearch queries. It has a comfortable UI and a great auto-complete, which makes writing queries a breeze. (If you're not using Kibana 5 yet but still want the Sense plugin back, then just refer to this post about a standalone version that does not even require Kibana to run.)
The Management Tab
In the management tab in Kibana, you can see a collection of the files that you have uploaded with associated data as well as the Elasticsearch indexes to which you are actively sending logs. You can easily switch between them and view the data files again.
The Code
Up until now, I mentioned some cool new features in Kibana 5, but I did not talk about the code — which got a complete “makeover” as well. A lot of new nodejs code has been inserted, and the architecture has improved a lot!
I won't go into more detail here because I can go more in-depth in a future post. But I'll just mention that the Elastic team did a great job of improving the code base. It seems very robust and ready for additional improvements. They took advantage of the nodejs cluster API to scale the node process and used the hapijs framework for handling REST.
Elastic also split the code into “plugins” – basically, each option in the main menu is a plugin. The Discover, Visualize, Dashboard, Console, and Settings tabs are all separate plugins. As a result, it's easier than ever to add code to Kibana. Just create a new plugin that can be self-contained in a single directory — there is even a simple CLI utility that can install and uninstall the plugins.
Kibana 4 vs. 5
There is little doubt that Kibana 5 is a huge improvement over Kibana 4 and an important upgrade to the ELK Stack as a whole (see our entire review of the ELK Stack 5.0 as a whole).
Any new version of the software will have quirks, and there is little doubt that future alpha and beta releases of Kibana 5 will have issues. But as a whole, I'm really looking forward to working with this new version and integrating it into our ELK platform.
In the meantime, kudos to Elastic's development team! What do you think of Kibana 5? I'd love to hear your thoughts below.
For more on Kibana, I invite you to see Kibana tutorial or the tutorial on how to create custom Kibana visualizations.
Take Kibana to the next level. Find out how! Try Now!
Mr. Finkelman's perhaps quixotic legal campaign hinges on the difference between the face value of his tickets, about $500 each, and what he had to pay to get them. The league's own website explains the situation with an understatement: “The demand for tickets to the Super Bowl greatly exceeds the supply.” The vast majority of seats — and this year there are more than 80,000 — are never made directly available for purchase by the public. First, 75 percent are distributed among the N.F.L.'s 32 teams, with 17.5 percent given to each team playing in the game and about 6 percent given to the host team (or teams, in this instance, with the Giants and the Jets splitting that allotment). Another 25 percent are kept by the league itself and are given to officials, the media and important corporate sponsors.
That leaves just 1 percent or so for ordinary fans like Mr. Finkelman, whose only chance to buy a seat at face value was to enter the lottery that is held each year by mail starting in February and ending in June, well before many people are thinking about the game. Mr. Finkelman admitted that his interest in the contest was not fully piqued until late in the season, when the lottery was long over and the league's face-value tickets, starting at $500, were already gone. The delay compelled him to conduct his search in the secondary market, where, according to the ticket service TiqIQ, the average seat last week in the relatively inexpensive mezzanine level was $2,900, and the costliest corporate suite was going for the mansion-like sum of $962,000.
Common wisdom holds that Super Bowl XLVIII is unique because it is the first Super Bowl to be held outdoors in a cold-weather stadium. But there is an additional distinction, said Bruce Nagel, Mr. Finkelman's lawyer: It is being played in New Jersey, a state that has an uncommonly expansive consumer protection law.
“Here's the corner the league is in,” Mr. Nagel excitedly explained. “They've sold their tickets to the Super Bowl the same way, year after year, in other jurisdictions because it's legal. But now that they're in New Jersey, they're in trouble. The statute here is different.”
Canada's Minister of Foreign Affairs called the alleged detention and killings of gay and bisexual men in Chechnya "reprehensible," as LGBT rights groups called on the international community to act.
In a statement released Saturday, Chrystia Freeland called on Russian authorities to investigate the reports and "to immediately ensure the safety of all persons in Chechnya who may be at risk due to their sexual orientation."
The allegations that up to 100 men are being detained prompted a protest outside the Russian embassy in London on Wednesday.
Russian independent newspaper Novaya Gazeta has reported that at least three of those men have been killed in secret prisons described as "concentration camps." It also reported threats from Chechen religious leaders of "reprisals" for its coverage of the issue.
Canada calls persecution of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/LGBTQ2?src=hash">#LGBTQ2</a> people in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Chechnya?src=hash">#Chechnya</a> reprehensible: <a href="https://t.co/jT0hKIzYWE">https://t.co/jT0hKIzYWE</a> —@cafreeland
"Human rights have no borders. Canada believes human rights are universal and indivisible, and these include the human rights of LGBTQ2 people," Freeland`s statement read.
"We deplore acts of violence and discrimination, in all regions of the world, committed against individuals because of their sexual orientation or gender identity."
Chechen leaders 'publicly calling for violence'
Björn van Roozendaal, program director for the International Lesbian and Gay Association in Europe, told CBC News that several people within the organization are on the ground in Russia, working to verify the reports. Some have spoken to people who claim to be victims.
"There's a lot of word about violence against these people and torture and rape and beatings. People are alleged to have died because of the situation on the ground," he said.
Van Roozendaal blames authorities for their inaction, and says some have even encouraged the violence.
"The leaders in Chechnya are saying that there are no gay people, so this information cannot be true," he said, noting Russia has said possible victims should reach out to their leaders.
A spokesman for Ramzan Kadyrov, president of the southern Russian region of Chechnya and a vocal supporter of Russian President Vladimir Putin, was quoted by Russia's Interfax news agency as denying the alleged abuses have taken place.
"Nobody can detain or harass anyone who is simply not present in the republic," Alvi Karimov was quoted as telling Interfax.
CBC News speaks with Björn van Roozendaal, program director for the International Lesbian and Gay Association in Europe 4:44
There have also been calls from religious leaders for families to protect family honour by killing the son or brother who is detained and released.
"However, the leaders have been quite publicly calling for violence," van Roozendaal said. "They have said in particular — the religious leaders in Chechnya have said — that people should not exist like that in Chechnya."
Helping people to get out
For now, van Roozendaal and his organization are focusing on helping people get out of the region, and hopes international pressure on the government will lead to change.
"It's important to keep pressure on the government, that's extremely important," he said. "International organizations, including the United Nations, have been speaking out."
"[We hope] it will send a signal to the victims that there are people looking out for them."
📣 The ongoing situation in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Chechnya?src=hash">#Chechnya</a> has received widespread media attention, but has not yet been resolved: <a href="https://t.co/O1ktvBAAzf">https://t.co/O1ktvBAAzf</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/LGBTI?src=hash">#LGBTI</a> <a href="https://t.co/gDtprTuvYs">pic.twitter.com/gDtprTuvYs</a> —@ILGAEurope
The rights arm of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) on Friday urged Russia to investigation the allegations.
"The authorities in the Russian Federation must urgently investigate the horrific reports of human rights violations against allegedly gay men in Chechnya, as well as identify, prosecute and punish any known perpetrators," the head of the OSCE's Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR), Michael Link, said in a statement.
The OSCE, once a rare forum for discussion between East and West during the Cold War, has 57 participating states stretching from North America to Russia and Central Asia. ODIHR deals with election monitoring and human rights in those states.
Link said Moscow had to step in. "Given the reported unwillingness of local authorities to investigate and prosecute the serious violations alleged to have been committed by security services, it is incumbent upon Russian Federation authorities to intervene and protect all those remaining at risk," he said.
A spokesperson for Ramzan Kadyrov, president of Chechnya, says there is no such thing as gays in the region. (Maxim Shemetov /Reuters)
A spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin says the Kremlin does not have confirmed information on the violence targeting the LGBT community.
Russian President Vladimir Putin might be the richest man in the world, according to experts who believe he could have a net worth of $200billion.
The official richest man in the world, according to Forbes, is Microsoft's Bill Gates with a net worth of $75billion.
During his nearly two decades in power, Putin's net worth has been widely speculated, with the former KGB agent likely having private assets in real estate and company holdings.
One of the most quoted guesses of the 64-year-old's net worth is political analyst Stanslav Belkovsky's 2007 estimation of $40billion, but Bill Browder, author and a former fund manager in Russia, has said the president has a higher worth - upwards of $200billion.
During his nearly two decades in power, Vladimir Putin's net worth has been widely speculated, with the former KGB agent likely having assets in real estate and company holdings
One of the most quoted guesses of the 64-year-old's net worth is political analyst Stanslav Belkovsky's 2007 estimation of $40billion, but other estimates have Putin's net worth at $200billion
IBTimes raised the question of Putin's wealth last week, pointing out that Browder spoke to Fareed Zakaria GPS in 2015, claiming that Putin's years in power have led him to gain quite a fortune.
'I believe that it's $200 billion,' he said at the time. 'After 14 years in power of Russia, and the amount of money that the country has made, and the amount of money that hasn't been spent on schools and roads and hospitals and so on, all that money is in property, bank - Swiss bank accounts - shares, hedge funds, managed for Putin and his cronies.'
And yet, Putin has been snubbed from the official Forbes list of the world's richest men and women over the years.
'We value individuals' assets–including stakes in public and private companies, real estate, yachts, art and cash–and take into account estimates of debt. We also consult an array of outside experts in various fields,' Forbes wrote in 2015.
Without mentioning Putin or any other names, Forbes said the magazine excludes world leaders, particularly 'dictators who derive their fortunes entirely as a result of their position of power'.
Still, even Belkovsky's low estimation of $40billion would put Putin, who's rumored to be dating Olympic gold medalist Alina Kabaeva, into the top ten of Forbes' billionaires list.
Putin has been snubbed from the official Forbes list of the world's richest men and women over the years. Forbes has said it does not include world leaders on the list
A well-known sign of wealth for Putin is his $35million super yacht named Olympia. Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich is claimed to have given Putin the yacht after he became president of Russia
Perhaps one of Putin's most visible signs of wealth is a palace on the Black Sea that's reportedly worth $1billion
Belkovsky said that much of Putin's net worth was thanks to the oil business, saying the Russian president controlled 37 per cent of the oil company Surgutneftegaz, 4.5 per cent of the natural gas company Gazprom, and had holdings in the commodities trader, Gunvor.
Gunvor denies that Putin ever had any ownership in the company, which made $93billion in revenue in 2012, according to TIME.
Since first estimating that Putin was worth $40billion, Belkovsky upped his estimate to $70billion, claiming he gained more information from 'confidential sources around the corporations', according to an interview with The Bureau of Investigative Journalism.
A net worth of $70million would put Putin in second place on the Forbes billionaires list, only behind Gates and right above Zara's Amancio Ortega.
A well-known sign of wealth for Putin is his $35million super yacht named Olympia.
Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich is claimed to have given Putin the yacht after he became president of Russia.
But perhaps one of Putin's most visible signs of wealth is a palace on the Black Sea that's reportedly worth $1billion.
Putin, 64, is rumored to be dating Olympic gold medalist Alina Kabaeva. They're pictured together above in 2001
Putin's rumored girlfriend, Kabaeva, made a rare appearance opening of rhythmic gymnastics international tournament Grand Prix Moscow 2017 on Monday
According to a dossier written by a political rival of the Russian president, Putin could have access to up to 58 planes and helicopters, a $500,000 watch collection and 20 palaces and country retreats. He's pictured above speaking with Leonardo DiCaprio in 2010
The palace features 'a magnificent columned facade reminiscent of the country palaces Russian tsars built in the 18th Century', according to the BBC.
In a statement in 2010, however, Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov said that the president 'has never had any relationship to' the palace.
Meanwhile, self-exiled Russian businessman named Sergei Kolesnikov told BBC that the palace was personally built for Putin, but paid for with a secret slush fund formed by Russian oligarchs.
If Putin, a judo black belt and amateur ice hockey player, not only has access to the country's corporate wealth, but also to the oligarch slush fund, his assets expand tremendously.
According to a dossier written by a political rival of the Russian president, Putin could have access to up to 58 planes and helicopters, a $500,000 watch collection and 20 palaces and country retreats.
The report also claimed he uses a private jet with an $137million cabin which has a bathroom with gold fittings and a $62,000 toilet.
Other perks include a 2,300-acre residence on Lake Valdai in north-west Russia.
'In a country where 20 million people can barely make ends meet, the luxurious life of the president is a brazen and cynical challenge to society from a high-handed potentate,' Boris Nemstov wrote in the document, according to the Telegraph.
If Putin were put on the Forbes billionaires list, he'd join the ranks of Microsoft's Bill Gates (left) and Berkshire Hathaway's Warren Buffett (right)
FORBES 2016 RICHEST 20 BILLIONAIRES IN THE WORLD BILLIONAIRE 1. Bill Gates 2. Amancio Ortega 3. Warren Buffett 4. Carlos Slim Helu 5. Jeff Bezos 6. Mark Zuckerberg 7. Larry Ellison 8. Michael Bloomberg 9. Charles Koch 9. David Koch 11. Liliane Bettencourt 12. Larry Page 13. Sergey Brin 14. Bernard Arnault 15. Jim Walton 16. Alice Walton 17. S Robson Walton 18. Wang Jianlin 19. Jorge Paulo Lemann 20. Li Ka-shing WORTH $75billion $67billion $60.8billion $50billion $45.2billion $44.6billion $43.6billion $40billion $39.6billion $39.6billion $36.1billion $35.2billion $34.4billion $34billion $33.6billion $32.3billion $31.9billion $28.7billion $27.8billion $27.1billion COMPANY Microsoft Zara Berkshire Hathaway telecom Amazon.com Facebook Oracle Bloomberg LP diversified diversified L'Oréal Google Google LVMH Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Wal-Mart real estate beer diversified
In April 2015, Putin declared a 2014 income of just $119,000, listing ownership of two apartments and a share in a car parking garage.
Despite being left of the Forbes billionaires list, Putin is still at the top spot for the magazine's list of most powerful people in the world.
Putin's rumored girlfriend, Kabaeva, made a rare appearance opening of rhythmic gymnastics international tournament Grand Prix Moscow 2017 on Monday.
Former acting Secretary of the US Treasury, Adam Szubin, said last year that the American government has known of Mr Putin's corruption for ‘many, many years'.
He told BBC Panorama: ‘We've seen him enriching his friends, his close allies, and marginalising those who he doesn't view as friends using state assets.
'Whether that's Russia's energy wealth, whether it's other state contracts, he directs those to whom he believes will serve him and excludes those who don't. To me, that is a picture of corruption.'
'He supposedly draws a state salary of something like £80,000 a year,' added Szubin. 'That is not an accurate statement of the man's wealth, and he has long-time training and practices in terms of how to mask his actual wealth.'
Putin has previously scoffed at claims he was Europe's richest man, saying: 'It's simply rubbish. They just picked all of it out of someone's nose and smeared it across their little papers.'
A TELEVISION appeal has been launched for information about a "savage attack" in Bolton that left a man having a large section of his skull removed.
Victim Lee Crane suffered "devastating injuries" and needed the emergency surgery after he suffered a bleed on the brain in the unprovoked attack by four men.
He was found seriously injured at 4am on Saturday, April 2, at the corner of Starkie Road and Entwistle Street in Tonge Moor - almost directly outside his mother's house.
Det Insp Charlotte Cadden appeared on BBC show Crimewatch Roadshow yesterday morning to say Mr Crane is slowly beginning to recall more about the horror attack.
Presenter Rav Wilding said: "Police in Greater Manchester need your help to find the gang responsible for a savage attack on a young father outside his Bolton home.
"Lee Crane has been left with life-changing injuries as a result.
"They really are horrific injuries that he suffered."
Det Insp Cadden said: "Lee was on his way back home to his mum's address in Starkie Road. He met a group of four men. They tried to engage him in conversation but Lee went back to his mum's house, made himself a cup of tea, came and sat out on the doorstep and had a cigarette.
"The men who had approached him before came round the corner, asked him for a cigarette, and then started to engage him in talk about his mobile phone, which was a Samsung Galaxy A5 in white.
"They were asking him for the pass code and it was at this point that the first punch was thrown at Lee and then he was attacked and that spilled out into the street.
"Lee went down onto the floor and he was stamped on and consequently he's had to have the front part of his skull removed.
"Lee was found pretty much outside his mum's address. Lee suffered devastating injuries from the attack.
"He suffered a bleed on the brain and memory loss but luckily that's coming back now."
Dad describes savage attack that left him with life-changing head injuries
Three were in their early 20s. One had longish brown floppy hair at the front with a hood or a cap.
The second had a blue top with orange patches on the arm.
The third was possibly of dual heritage, possibly Asian, with very close cut hair and a Mohican on top.
Det Insp Cadden said the fourth man was "really violent" and was in his late 20s or early 30s, 5ft 7in, with a quite slim build and wearing a brown round-necked jumper and grey jogging bottoms.
The attackers ran along Entwistle Street towards Ainsworth Lane after the incident.
Anyone with information can contact police on 101, Crimewatch Roadshow on 08000 468 999 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The Indian FA's general secretary believes that the idea is to improve the existing structure in Indian football for long term development of the beautiful game…
The India Football Federation (AIFF) general secretary Kushal Das affirmed that the talks have begun on a positive note with their commercial and marketing partners, IMG-Reliance with regards to merging the two leagues in the country, namely the I-League and the Indian Super League (ISL).
Last weekend, there was a meeting in Mumbai with Praful Patel, President of the AIFF, Das, Sundar Raman and Chirag Tanna, who serve as CEO and General Manager at Reliance Sports respectively.
At the AIFF's Executive Committee meeting in Delhi on Monday, Patel informed they held a meeting with their partners last week and there will be more of these discussions. He went on to state that contrary to the view in general, the AIFF is working hard to ensure India has one league in future and that every stakeholder's interests will be kept in mind.
“This was just a first meeting. We decided to relook at the existing structures in Indian football with regards to three things – development, the current competitions and the national team. The idea is that all these aspects must ensure that the national team does well for which we need a league of at least five-to-six months in a year. This was the basic theme,” Das informed Goal.
“It was a good meeting. At the Executive Committee too, Mr.Patel informed that we are working on a blueprint with a proper plan looking at the overall development of Indian football. We want to work with all the stakeholders before any decision is arrived upon,” he added.
While there has been reports that only three I-League clubs will be considered in case of a merger, Das stated that it was too early to make a comment on the same.
“For now all of that is a rumour and there are just people talking about it. The thing is that we want to ensure that at least the supporter-based clubs are a part of the Premier League of the country. We want to work it out as much as possible,” he mentioned.
Despite the calls to ensure India has one league in the years to come, the AIFF invited DSK Shivajians to participate in the current edition of the I-League through their Request for Proposal (RFP) initiative which allows corporates to get a direct entry into the country's top division with an assurance of being safeguarded from relegation for a period of three years.
“When DSK came into the I-League, they were fully aware that there were talks on with regards to having one league in future. They have accepted that fact and when it happens, they shall review it. There are no guarantees that when we have a new league, they will be a part of it,' stated Das.
According to AIFF sources, a clause has been inserted in their contract with DSK-Shivajians confirming the above mentioned statement by Das.
Yesterday was the rare San Francisco day when you couldn't find anyone with a gripe against the city's top politician, Mayor Ed Lee. Lee's tenure ended, abruptly, at 1:11 in the morning of December 12th when he was pronounced dead at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital after suffering a heart attack at a supermarket while shopping with his wife. The affable 65-year-old was midway through his third mayoral term after being initially installed by the Board of Supervisors as a “caretaker” mayor based upon his explicit pledge that he would not run again. But run Ed did. Multiple times.
In 2009, not quite two years before Lee took office, political consultant Jim Ross announced that, for the first time, "jobs" was the number one concern of San Francisco residents. Lee, upon becoming mayor, decided to take on this problem.
Under Lee's leadership, some 140,000 jobs were created in San Francisco over six-odd years
And, boy, did he ever. Under his leadership, some 140,000 jobs were created in San Francisco over six-odd years. "Politicians have a tendency to take on the obvious problems,” Ross says. “Jobs came up No. 1, and the mayor said he'd fix it. He did!”
In doing so, however, new problems were created, and Lee's chosen methods were also problematic. His signature efforts were corporate tax breaks. The so-called “Twitter tax break" of 2012 came in response to the nascent company's threat to bolt town, and it was seen by many as a municipal capitulation to corporate blackmail. (Within hours of Lee's passing, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey tweeted a wordless photo of San Francisco's City Hall with its flags at half-mast. His next tweet noted that the company is "Launching tweetstorms/threads today! Thank you to everyone who helped create and refine this format on Twitter" followed by a praying hands emoji.)
The Twitter tax break was the first in a series of sweet deals that the self-anointed "tech mayor" would offer to corporations. "Ed will be remembered for failing to regulate Uber and Lyft and Airbnb," says a longtime City Hall power player. "Mayors lead based on not only what they choose to do, but what they choose to let alone."
Lee chose to let Uber, one of the world's most amoral companies, largely do as it pleased in San Francisco. He allowed Airbnb years of free rein, even as it cannibalized affordable housing stock in a city facing an acute shortage of affordable housing. In fact, in 2012, he went so far as to tell city treasurer José Cisneros — in writing — to not collect back taxes owed by Airbnb until a working group could offer input. Cisneros, who is independently elected, refused to comply with Lee's mandate, which would have constituted an abdication of his legal obligations.
"Ed will be remembered for failing to regulate Uber and Lyft and Airbnb."
Even as recently as this month, city legislators said privately that they did not have confidence in the mayor's office to fairly and impartially negotiate deals with this city's ascendent tech companies. It's little wonder: under Lee there was an uncomfortable degree of overlap between the city's tech elites and city government.
To wit: in April 2015, a gathering of the city's movers and shakers was summoned by Lee's reelection campaign to a downtown law firm for what they assumed was a standard pitch for political dollars. Instead, they found themselves being faced down by a Lee, his chief of staff, his top adviser, and Ron Conway, "the godfather of Silicon Valley" and Lee's preferred financier.
The crowd was told that their financial activity would be given "close attention," and those donating to a candidate for city supervisor running against a Lee appointee could face repercussions when trying to get deals done or buildings built in this city. "I was being threatened," summed up one attendee. Conway then purportedly told the crowd that he'd donate to their pet causes if they donated to Lee's preferred candidate, an odd quid pro quo, which would obscure Conway's fingerprints.
Meanwhile, the city was undergoing a radical transformation: the median cost of a home in San Francisco is now a jaw-dropping $1.5 million, up nearly $1 million from 2011 when Lee assumed office. Rent of $3,500 a month is now unremarkable. Many of the folks who filled those 140,000 jobs moved to the city to take them — and, between 2011 and 2015, the city only added 10,013 housing units.
With the wisdom of hindsight, Ross says, perhaps the scores of millions of dollars gifted to tech companies in the pursuit of job creation would have been better directed toward affordable housing. Instead, the burgeoning imbalance of jobs and housing exacerbated an already precarious situation and created a windfall for landlords and property owners — people who already were doing decently.
San Francisco's inequality levels [are] on par with those in Rwanda
"If you were among the 40 percent of San Franciscans who owned a home," Ross continued, "Lee's success was life-changing."
It was for the have-nots, too, but not in the same way: many have found themselves economically banished from San Francisco. At the dawn of Lee's tenure, nobody foresaw the explosion of tech industry job growth in this city and region at its present level. As such, the Lee administration's gift bag for tech outfits — an industry that was poised for takeoff, regardless — led to unforeseen consequences. The avuncular Lee found himself portrayed by the city's left as the smiling avatar of the tech- and business-friendly policies that have driven San Francisco's inequality levels to be on par with those in Rwanda.
"Ed could have worked more robustly to address the runaway inequality in San Francisco," says former city supervisor John Avalos, a critic of Lee's from the left who ran against him for mayor in 2011. "The way he supported tech and the private sector was an effort that got out of hand. It was like The Sorcerer's Apprentice."
This was all part of Ed Lee's San Francisco. His policies made many people angry. But right now people aren't angry; they're sad.
On Tuesday morning, with thousands of politicos, bureaucrats, and other onlookers packing every last square inch of San Francisco's glorious City Hall, speaker after somber speaker lauded Lee's good character and kindliness and passion for helping people. Lee was a politician who was personally liked by many, even as his job performance numbers tanked.
"I feel deep sorrow for Ed Lee," says Avalos. "He sacrificed a lot. I didn't agree with most of what he thought or did, but he committed so much time and attention to detail to [doing] what he thought was right."
Joe Eskenazi writes a weekly column for Mission Local. He previously worked for SF Weekly and San Francisco Magazine.
LONDON (AP) — A new study by pension provider Royal London suggests some British workers will have to work until they are 81 if they want to build up savings that guarantee their parents' standard of retirement.
The research released Wednesday comes as the British government embarks on a review of pensions that has prompted speculation it will raise the retirement age to compensate for a burgeoning older population. The retirement age for men and women is already set to rise to 66 between December 2018 and October 2020.
Royal London says changes in workplace pensions mean workers aren't saving enough to ensure they have the same kind of retirement their parents expected.
The report says "without significantly higher levels of engagement in pensions, we may be witnessing the death of retirement."
The protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, clearly have no love for the media.
According to Katie Couric, who is covering the “Unite the Right” rally for her upcoming series on NatGeo, two of her producers “got sprayed with urine” while reporting on the increasingly violent protests Saturday morning. “Lovely. Hard to keep your cool,” she added.
Couric, a graduate of the city's University of Virginia, posted several short videos of the protests on her social media channels — including clashes between white nationalists and counter-protesters.
Also Read: Trump Shredded for Charlottesville Violence Comments: 'A National Embarrassment'
Couric also reported on the vehicle that plowed into counter-protesters on Saturday afternoon, killing one and injuring 19 others. More than 30 were hurt in total as a result of events at the rally.
Two Virginia State Police troopers were also killed when a police helicopter assisting with the melee crashed outside of Charlottesville. The incident is under investigation but police say that foul play is not suspected.
“Spectator told me a white nationalist car had been trashed so a driver plowed into counterprotesters,” she tweeted. “I saw some taken away in bad shape.”
The veteran journalist, most recently as global news anchor for Yahoo News, quoted one white nationalist as saying, “This makes me feel like going home and putting my robe on.” To which she added, “And I don't think he's a judge.”
Also Read: Hollywood Reacts to Charlottesville Protest Violence: 'F-k These Nazi Motherf-kers'
She also quoted one woman, presumably a counter-protester, as saying, “I guess neo-Nazis are at least a diversion from nuclear annihilation.”
Later in the day, Couric posted details of an interview with philosopher and political activist Dr. Cornel West, who told her “he had never seen such hatred from his fellow human beings in his life.”
A woman just came up to me and said “I guess neo-Nazis are at least a diversion from nuclear annihilation” #whataworld #scary — Katie Couric (@katiecouric) August 12, 2017
Two of my producers just got sprayed with urine. Lovely. Hard to keep your cool. — Katie Couric (@katiecouric) August 12, 2017
Overheard: One guy saying "this makes me feel like going home and putting my robe on." And I don't think he's a judge. #Charlottesville — Katie Couric (@katiecouric) August 12, 2017
State of emergency declared amid violence at Charlottesville's 'Unite the Right' rally – CNN https://t.co/GbxksLrMNa — Katie Couric (@katiecouric) August 12, 2017
Spectator told me a white nationalist car had been trashed so a driver plowed into counterprotesters. I saw some taken away in bad shape. pic.twitter.com/k8B1N19lCT — Katie Couric (@katiecouric) August 12, 2017
1/2: @cornelwest told me he had never seen such hatred from his fellow human beings in his life. pic.twitter.com/wAge4fjQMe — Katie Couric (@katiecouric) August 12, 2017
2/2: He said what's happening is people are scapegoating the most vulnerable instead of confronting the most powerful. #Charlottesville — Katie Couric (@katiecouric) August 12, 2017
TOKYO (AP) — Panasonic, the first major Japanese company to start recognizing same-sex partnerships in its ranks, has gotten both praise and harshly negative responses to the new policy.
“I never felt this much how different a response can get by nation,” Tetsuya Senmatsu, a human resources manager, told reporters Friday, while declining to specify the nations where the change was poorly received.
The policy was welcomed in the U.S. and Europe, he said.
Panasonic Corp. has offices around the world, including the U.S., China, Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
The policy, which kicks off on April 1, recognizes same-sex partnerships as the equivalent of marriage in Japan, where Panasonic Corp. is headquartered. Details of how the policy will be applied in each nation are still under consideration, he said.
Senmatsu said the main reason for the policy is that the company opposes all forms of discrimination. The possibility that it might be a plus for recruiting talent was not what drove the decision, he said.
The new policy could help when an employee in a same-sex partnership gets moved to another city or nation on assignment, according to Senmatsu.
He said the company does not know how many employees might be affected by the new policy.
“In general, it's said that might be 7 percent of the population,” he said.
This Story Filed Under
See also:
*More L.A. Weekly Film Coverage
*5 Artsy Things to do in L.A. This Week
Continue Reading
Summer means you'll probably spend quite the number of evenings plopped on the couch or in a multiplex watching a movie. But this is L.A. and if you don't take advantage of the weather, especially during the summer, you're missing out.
That's what prompted a group of four who recently took over a 1960s gas station in Los Feliz and turned it into the Service Station at Riverside to organize an outdoor movie series starting tomorrow night, April 27. The Service Station at Riverside takes its name from a restored sign -- now able to shine in glowing neon -- sitting atop an awning giving shade to benches outside. You could easily miss the space on Riverside Drive if not for this sign and the distinctly retro feeling of the outdoor space.
The locale once held traditional drive-ins with a giant screen but before being remodeled stood as a scrapyard. But business partners Evan Roosevelt, Austen Lee, David Skinner, Clay Tatum, Phil Crowe and Rachelle House took over, so the space now serves as a veritable ground for creative happenings.
Restored shipping containers, like this one, will have pop-up shops during movie screenings. Eva Recinos
"Our concept here is to do kind of a retail farmer's market and coffee shop beer garden so all of these shipping containers will be pop-up shops, little boutiques that will change throughout the year," says Roosevelt.
He and Lee co-founded BEERGARDEN/LA to transform open areas throughout the city into meeting places for beer enthusiasts and local brewers. They both see the appeal in drinking a beer in the open air so the Service Station made sense as a permanent space for alcohol consumption and creative happenings. Back in December, they held a Christmas event with 15 tons of snow and drinks and invited the Delancey Street Foundation to sell trees.
The summer movie series will serve as another introduction to the community. On movie nights, 2,000 feet of astro turf will cover most of the Service Station and movie-goers can rent a bean bag chair for $5 or brings their own chairs and blankets. The team wants to break from the station's tradition of the drive-in and create a different movie-watching experience.
"We as Angelenos do not need to be locked up in our cars," Roosevelt says. "And as much as this is a property that kind of references car culture and all that, getting people out of the cars is also a big priority of ours."
To drive this point home, the series will kick off with Pee Wee's Big Adventure, with additional events centered around bicycles. The station collaborated with the non-profit C.I.C.L.E. -- which focuses on making the city more welcoming to Angelenos traveling by alternative transportation -- to plan a family-friendly bike ride from the L.A. River to the Service Station before the movie. The restored shipping containers that night will feature bike-related vendors like apparel company Swrve.
A sign advertising BEERGARDEN/LA offerings Eva Recinos
Expect Pee Wee-dressed people riding around as well -- and if the team's avid Tweeting pays off, hopefully Paul Reubens himself decides to make an appearance. If not, there is still the fun movie to watch -- especially when paired with crafts beers from New Belgium Brewing.
To select the films for the series, the team simply sat down and nominated their favorites, including Bettlejuice, Goldfinger, The Fifth Element and Point Break.
"We want movies that if you're flipping through the channel at home and you saw that movie you're like, 'Oh, yeah, okay, I'll watch this' but you wouldn't necessarily put it in your Netflix instant queue, you know?" says Roosevelt.
Pee Wee's Big Adventure will screen Saturday, April 27 at 7:30 p.m. with the entire event going from 5 - 11:30 p.m. Tickets online at riversideservicestation.com/events or at the door are $10 for adults and $5 for children age 5-12. The Service Station at Riverside is located 3160 Riverside Drive Los Feliz, CA 90027
See also:
*More L.A. Weekly Film Coverage
*5 Artsy Things to do in L.A. This Week
Follow me on Twitter at @eva_recinos, and for more arts news follow us at @LAWeeklyArts and like us on Facebook.
President Obama Lifts Ban On Aircraft Sale To Iran
01/16/16
Source: Press TV
US President Barack Obama has lifted a decades-old ban on the export of civilian passenger aircraft to Iran as Tehran prepares to see sanctions relief. President Obama delegated that authority to Secretary of State John Kerry on Friday through a presidential memorandum, a directive similar to an executive order.
The historic decision comes against the backdrop of planned implementation of Iran's historic nuclear deal with world powers at the weekend.
"They have nearly completed their major nuclear steps, and that's nothing to gloss over," US Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said.
He added that the decision would take effect as soon as the nuclear agreement is implemented and international sanctions are lifted on Iran.
"The [nuclear] agreement makes two exceptions: Iran can buy U.S. civilian passenger aircraft, and sell certain crafts - specifically carpets and rugs - to the United States," USA Today reported.
US sanctions ban the sale of aircraft and parts to Iran. Under an interim nuclear deal in 2013, the West eased the ban on sales of spare parts but selling planes is still prohibited.
Western sanctions are the biggest enemy of Iran's aviation which has been plagued by a series of air crashes, claiming the lives of hundreds of Iranians.
The nuclear accord reached with Tehran last July has provided Iran with a chance to renew its fleet of commercial aircraft.
Minister of Roads and Urban Development Abbas Akhundi has said that Iran would need to buy 500 commercial aircraft of various models at a cost of $50 billion.
Iran's civil aviation fleet consists of 248 aircraft with an average age of 20 years, 100 of which are grounded, he has said.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) is expected to issue its final report on Saturday confirming that Iran has lived up to its obligations under the nuclear agreement, dubbed the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA).
The IAEA is expected to confirm that Iran had fulfilled its obligations so that the 28-nation EU, alongside the United States and the United Nations, can end their sanctions on what is known as "Implementation Day" for the JCPOA.
Iran and the P5+1 - the United States, France, Britain, Russia and China plus Germany finalized the text of the JCPOA in the Austrian capital of Vienna in July 2015.
Under the JCPOA, limits are put on Iran's nuclear activities in exchange for, among other things, the removal of all nuclear-related economic and financial bans against the Islamic Republic.
I read all about the creepy, chillsy, scary stuff, and decided What the heck, why not. After surviving breast cancer - or rather, cancer treatment - there are only two things I'm afraid of: Running out of cat food and toilet paper. So I downloaded this intriguing and exciting app, and that's where it all stopped. Once again I have an app that will download but not install on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 4. This is getting ridiculous. And irritating. Do the developers know this is becoming an almost routine exercise for Samsung device users, and is there anything THEY can do about it ?
If Amazon and /or our very creative games designers know these much desired acquisitions are not compatible with Samsung devices, shouldn't they put up some sort of advisory to let us know not to waste our time, storage space, and precious sheckles ? Seems only fair . . . .
I gave it 5 stars based - once again - on the detailed examinations and very positive reviews of several well respected reviewers, who really know their stuff. I believe I will enjoy the heck out of it if I ever get to play it.
12 Mistakes Nearly Everyone Who Writes About Grammar Mistakes Makes
There are a lot of bad grammar posts in the world. These days, anyone with a blog and a bunch of pet peeves can crank out a click-bait listicle of supposed grammar errors. There's just one problem—these articles are often full of mistakes of one sort or another themselves. Once you've read a few, you start noticing some patterns. Inspired by a recent post titled “Grammar Police: Twelve Mistakes Nearly Everyone Makes”, I decided to make a list of my own.
1. Confusing grammar with spelling, punctuation, and usage. Many people who write about grammar seem to think that grammar means “any sort of rule of language, especially writing”. But strictly speaking, grammar refers to the structural rules of language, namely morphology (basically the way words are formed from roots and affixes), phonology (the system of sounds in a language), and syntax (the way phrases and clauses are formed from words). Most complaints about grammar are really about punctuation, spelling (such as problems with you're/your and other homophone confusion) or usage (which is often about semantics). This post, for instance, spends two of its twelve points on commas and a third on quotation marks.
2. Treating style choices as rules. This article says that you should always use an Oxford (or serial) comma (the comma before and or or in a list) and that quotation marks should always follow commas and periods, but the latter is true only in most American styles (linguists often put the commas and periods outside quotes, and so do many non-American styles), and the former is only true of some American styles. I may prefer serial commas, but I'm not going to insist that everyone who doesn't use them is making a mistake. It's simply a matter of style, and style varies from one publisher to the next.
3. Ignoring register. There's a time and a place for following the rules, but the writers of these lists typically treat English as though it had only one register: formal writing. They ignore the fact that following the rules in the wrong setting often sounds stuffy and stilted. Formal written English is not the only legitimate form of the language, and the rules of formal written English don't apply in all situations. Sure, it's useful to know when to use who and whom, but it's probably more useful to know that saying To whom did you give the book? in casual conversation will make you sound like a pompous twit.
4. Saying that a disliked word isn't a word. You may hate irregardless (I do), but that doesn't mean it's not a word. If it has its own meaning and you can use it in a sentence, guess what—it's a word. Flirgle, on the other hand, is not a word—it's just a bunch of sounds that I strung together in word-like fashion. Irregardless and its ilk may not be appropriate for use in formal registers, and you certainly don't have to like them, but as Stan Carey says, “‘Not a word' is not an argument.”
5. Turning proposals into ironclad laws. This one happens more often than you think. A great many rules of grammar and usage started life as proposals that became codified as inviolable laws over the years. The popular that/which rule, which I've discussed at length before, began as a proposal—not “everyone gets this wrong” but “wouldn't it be nice if we made a distinction here?” But nowadays people have forgotten that a century or so ago, this rule simply didn't exist, and they say things like “This is one of the most common mistakes out there, and understandably so.” (Actually, no, you don't understand why everyone gets this “wrong”, because you don't realize that this rule is a relatively recent invention by usage commentators that some copy editors and others have decided to enforce.) It's easy to criticize people for not following rules that you've made up.
6. Failing to discuss exceptions to rules. Invented usage rules often ignore the complexities of actual usage. Lists of rules such as these go a step further and often ignore the complexities of those rules. For example, even if you follow the that/which rule, you need to know that you can't use that after a preposition or after the demonstrative pronoun that—you have to use a restrictive which. Likewise, the less/fewer rule is usually reduced to statements like “use fewer for things you can count”, which leads to ugly and unidiomatic constructions like “one fewer thing to worry about”. Affect and effect aren't as simple as some people make them out to be, either; affect is usually a verb and effect a noun, but affect can also be a noun (with stress on the first syllable) referring to the outward manifestation of emotions, while effect can be a verb meaning to cause or to make happen. Sometimes dumbing down rules just makes them dumb.
7. Overestimating the frequency of errors. The writer of this list says that misuse of nauseous is “Undoubtedly the most common mistake I encounter.” This claim seems worth doubting to me; I can't remember the last time I heard someone say “nauseous”. Even if you consider it a misuse, it's got to rate pretty far down the list in terms of frequency. This is why linguists like to rely on data for testable claims—because people tend to fall prey to all kinds of cognitive biases such as the frequency illusion.
8. Believing that etymology is destiny. Words change meaning all the time—it's just a natural and inevitable part of language. But some people get fixated on the original meanings of some words and believe that those are the only correct meanings. For example, they'll say that you can only use decimate to mean “to destroy one in ten”. This may seem like a reasonable argument, but it quickly becomes untenable when you realize that almost every single word in the language has changed meaning at some point, and that's just in the few thousand years in which language has been written or can be reconstructed. And sometimes a new meaning is more useful anyway (which is precisely why it displaced an old meaning). As Jan Freeman said, “We don't especially need a term that means ‘kill one in 10.'”
9. Simply bungling the rules. If you're going to chastise people for not following the rules, you should know those rules yourself and be able to explain them clearly. You may dislike singular they, for instance, but you should know that it's not a case of subject-predicate disagreement, as the author of this list claims—it's an issue of pronoun-antecedent agreement, which is not the same thing. This list says that “‘less' is reserved for hypothetical quantities”, but this isn't true either; it's reserved for noncount nouns, singular count nouns, and plural count nouns that aren't generally thought of as discrete entities. Use of less has nothing to do with being hypothetical. And this one says that punctuation always goes inside quotation marks. In most American styles, it's only commas and periods that always go inside. Colons, semicolons, and dashes always go outside, and question marks and exclamation marks only go inside sometimes.
10. Saying that good grammar leads to good communication. Contrary to popular belief, bad grammar (even using the broad definition that includes usage, spelling, and punctuation) is not usually an impediment to communication. A sentence like Ain't nobody got time for that is quite intelligible, even though it violates several rules of Standard English. The grammar and usage of nonstandard varieties of English are often radically different from Standard English, but different does not mean worse or less able to communicate. The biggest differences between Standard English and all its nonstandard varieties are that the former has been codified and that it is used in all registers, from casual conversation to formal writing. Many of the rules that these lists propagate are really more about signaling to the grammatical elite that you're one of them—not that this is a bad thing, of course, but let's not mistake it for something it's not. In fact, claims about improving communication are often just a cover for the real purpose of these lists, which is . . .
11. Using grammar to put people down. This post sympathizes with someone who worries about being crucified by the grammar police and then says a few paragraphs later, “All hail the grammar police!” In other words, we like being able to crucify those who make mistakes. Then there are the put-downs about people's education (“You'd think everyone learned this rule in fourth grade”) and more outright insults (“5 Grammar Mistakes that Make You Sound Like a Chimp”). After all, what's the point in signaling that you're one of the grammatical elite if you can't take a few potshots at the ignorant masses?
12. Forgetting that correct usage ultimately comes from users. The disdain for the usage of common people is symptomatic of a larger problem: forgetting that correct usage ultimately comes from the people, not from editors, English teachers, or usage commentators. You're certainly entitled to have your opinion about usage, but at some point you have to recognize that trying to fight the masses on a particular point of usage (especially if it's a made-up rule) is like trying to fight the rising tide. Those who have invested in learning the rules naturally feel defensive of them and of the language in general, but you have no more right to the language than anyone else. You can be restrictive if you want and say that Standard English is based on the formal usage of educated writers, but any standard that is based on a set of rules that are simply invented and passed down is ultimately untenable.
And a bonus mistake:
13. Making mistakes themselves. It happens to the best of us. The act of making grammar or spelling mistakes in the course of pointing out someone else's mistakes even has a name, Muphry's law. This post probably has its fair share of typos. (If you spot one, feel free to point it out—politely!—in the comments.)
This post also appears on Huffington Post.
Like this: Like Loading...
Over a century ago, the RMS Titanic's fate became one of the most tragic incidents of modern history, as it descended into the ocean with more than 1500 passengers and crew on board, the unfortunate story was once again narrated in a 1997 film.
More than a hundred years after the deaths of thousands in the catastrophe, an exact replica of the historic vessel recreated by Blue Star Line, will set sail from China towards Dubai in 2018.
RMS Titanic | Source: Reuters
Titanic II built by Australian billionaire Clive Palmer will be slightly larger than its predecessor as it will be two feet longer and 13 feet wider than RMS Titanic, according to New York Post. It will accomodate 2400 passengers, as many are ready to pay as much as $900,000 to be on the maiden trip.
The new Titanic which hopes to complete a historic journey has been captured in these spectacular pictures.
Source: Blue Star Line
The memorable grand staircase under the majestic dome.
Source: Titanic-ii.com
Source: Titanic-ii.com
The smoking rooms bring back memories of leisurely evenings.
Source: Titanic-ii.com
The pool to complete a soothing experience.
Source: Titanic-ii.com
First class and third class cabins.
Source: Titanic-ii.com
Source: Titanic-ii.com
A nostalgic dining experience.
Source: Titanic-ii.com
The Turkish bath stands out among spas in modern cruise-liners.
Source: Titanic-ii.com
Elevators.
Source: Titanic-ii.com
The radio room captures an old world charm.
Source: Titanic-ii.com
The bridge wheelhouse combines modern technology while retaining the historic appeal.
Source: Titanic-ii.com
Meanwhile a report from The Telegraph mentioned how Palmer's own yacht almost collided to a wall as he narrowly escaped an incident similar to the RMS Titanic, hopefully the upcoming expedition will bring good luck to the tycoon.
vTime a Sociable Network In Virtual Reality
Before I used any VR headset I thought the most fun I would have in VR was going to be shooters and gun type games. While there are some great games out there nothing feels as “unique” to me than some of the Gear VR's Non-gaming Virtual Reality apps.
vTime is a social VR app for the GearVR that allows you to chat with multiple people in a VR space. vTime puts you in one of many Virtual Reality environments with up to 3 other users. Headphones with microphones are required to use the app and you will need a valid email address to login.
When you first launch vTime you'll be asked to create an account and avatar. There are a bunch of customizable options for your avatar, and while it isn't the best character creation tool available, you can get an avatar to look similar to yourself.
The entire app is controlled with head tracking so put away the gamepad and keep your hands off your face, there is no need for any physical controls. Using head tracking to navigate through menus it takes a while to select what you what, but there's no fear of accidentally selecting something.
When you join a room you're able to talk with random users also using vTime. Head-Tracking works in the chatroom allowing you to see users turn and move their heads while talking. There are a number of environments for you to chat in with additional environments being released within free updates.
If you have a Gear VR and are into the idea of talking to virtual avatars, give vTime a try. It's definitely one of my favorites Gear VR apps of 2016. vTime recently released a Note 4 compatible version of their app so even if you're still using the old hardware you can still join in.
vTime Homepage
Image Credit: vTime
“These new emails confirm that Hillary Clinton abused her office by selling favors to Clinton Foundation donors,” Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton said in a statement. “[The emails demand a] serious, independent investigation to determine whether Clinton and others broke the law.”
On Monday, Judicial Watch announced that a batch of 725 US State Department emails suggest that the Democratic presidential nominee used her political office for personal gain.
A new report from the Associated Press on Tuesday adds to the perception of impropriety.
“More than half the people outside the government who met with Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state gave money – either personally or through companies or groups – to the Clinton Foundation,” the report reads.
“It's an extraordinary proportion indicating her possible ethics challenges if elected president.”
The report is based on a review of US State Department calendars during Clinton's tenure.
“At least 85 of 154 people from private interests who met or had phone conversations scheduled with Clinton while she led the State Department donated to her family charity or pledged commitments to its international programs,” it reads.
“Combined, the 85 donors contributed as much as $156 million. At least 40 donated more than $100,000 each, and 20 gave more than $1 million.”
In one case, Clinton met with Muhammad Yunus, a Nobel Peace Prize-winning Bangladeshi economist who also chairs the nonprofit bank Grameen. The US flagship for his bank, Grameen America, gave between $100,000 and $250,000 to the Clinton Foundation.
US State Department calendars also show Clinton meeting with Stephen Schwarzman, chairman of the Blackstone Group. Blackstone donated between $250,000 and $500,000 to the Clinton Foundation.
While the findings do not show evidence that Clinton broke the law, they nonetheless raise questions about her judgement and potential conflict of interest.
On Monday, former President Bill Clinton said that he would stop all fundraising for the Clinton Foundation if his wife were to win the election in November, and stressed that future donations would only be accepted from US citizens and “independent philanthropies.”
A statement released by Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said that the report was based on “flawed data” and stressed that ethical standards set by the Clinton Foundation are “unprecedented, even if it may never satisfy some critics.”
Writer Discusses The Probletunity of Mordin Solus
Miranda Quillen April 28, 2012 3:00:19 PM EST
At the recent PAX East conference, BioWare senior writer Patrick Weekes sat down at a panel to discuss one of his greatest creations, and quite possibly one of the most memorable RPG companions of all time, Mordin Solus. This article is dedicated to him, the singing scientist Salarian whose fast-talking glee masked a painful and tormented interior.
This article, and the video it contains will have spoilers relating to the story of Mass Effect 3. If you haven't played it yet, you monster, then you probably shouldn't click past the break.
In the video, Weekes discusses the “probletunity” that he was faced with when creating the character of Mordin Solus starting only with the fact that he was the one that updated the genophage. Weeks knew that the easy was wouldn't appeal to most players, so he worked on creating a character that was likable and tortured by having done the right thing. Of course, Mordin has a lot going for him, and it was one of the highlights of my Mass Effect 3 experience to see him going out singing Gilbert and Sullivan.
The video is about four minutes long and definitely worth your time if you fell in love with Mordin as I did.
Friday's all-important EU summit will dominate headlines and dictate market behavior this week, UBS' precious metals analyst Edel Tully said Monday in a note on gold. The yellow metal is poised to rally in the event of a positive outcome, as its been trading alongside risk assets recently. A disappointing statement could result in a big price drop, sending gold below $1,700. Regardless, Tully sees a 2012 rally looming.
Gold has been a hard asset to trade lately. The metal's affinity to safe-haven trades has eased as investors have pushed it closer to risk assets, said Tully. “Given the severity of the Eurozone situation, and the potential for a break-up,” wrote the analyst, “gold really should be trading closer to $2,000.”
Trading down 1.3% to $1,724 an ounce on Monday, gold, like most asset classes, will react to headlines coming out of Europe. “Price sensitivity to headlines will persist, if not intensify, and make for jerky market moves,” explained Tully, “given the significant event risk, some investors may choose to wait for the picture to clear before taking positions of size, so thin liquidity will also be a potential feature.”
Given gold's recent correlation with risk-assets, Tully expects a euro-positive outcome to benefit gold. “Expectations are mounting and sentiment is certainly tilted toward a positive outcome,” wrote Tully. Indeed, market reaction to Europe suggests investors don't believe a break-up of the Eurozone is a real threat; Italian and Spanish bond yields have fallen substantially and the single currency has firmed.
Thus, a positive outcome from the summit would feed risk sentiment and gold. Angela Merkel and Nicolas Sarkozy agreed on Monday to seek revisions for the EU Treaty to gain further fiscal control of member states, as well as to try to accelerate the launch of the ESM bailout mechanism. Further progress on these, and other objectives, could be viewed as victories by the market. Any indications that Eurobonds are on the table would also be gold-positive. Note that a stronger euro vis-à-vis the U.S. dollar would be seen as bullish for the yellow metal, which trades in a negative correlation with the greenback.
On the flip side, a disappointing outcome could prompt a substantial sell-off. “A dip below $1700 in gold cannot be ruled out,” explained Tully, adding:
But we don't expect prices to fall too far beyond that, with $1680 proving to be a good support in November. A sub-$1700 price tag would likely encourage physical buyers and opportune investors to step up to the plate, which in turn would help sentiment. Between the two largest gold markets [China and India], China probably has more potential to accelerate physical purchases towards year-end, as we move ever closer to the Chinese New Year celebrations.
A negative outcome from the EU summit would send risk assets lower, taking gold with them. Easing physical demand plus a slowing Indian market have eased upside pressure.
But a further escalation in the level of systemic risk, at the end of the day, would provide support for gold. “Should the risks of a break-up rise, gold should be a large beneficiary as investors diversify their euro exposure towards gold. An early 2012 rally looms, once the shackles of this end-of-year shyness towards large position taking is out of the way,” explained Tully.
UBS' head of precious metals research explained that systemic risk emanating from Europe should have the yellow metal trading higher. But a strong dollar, “gold's hybrid state as a safe haven/risk asset which makes it a more difficult trade and importantly the lack of appetite for large position-taking at this late stage in the year,” have kept the price subdued.
Many investors have gained exposure to gold via the GLD, the largest physically-backed gold ETF out there. Dennis Gartman of the Gartman Letter recommends that investors gain exposure to gold in other currencies, namely the euro and the yen. “We've been better served by being long of gold in EUR terms than we would have been had we owned gold only in US dollar terms, while the daily volatility has been reduced,” wrote Gartman on Monday.
Gartman also tells investors to stay out of gold miners. The sector has been visible in its notable underperformance vis-à-vis bullion, given multi-year highs in bullion prices and the fact that most major miners are completely unhedged. Noting that only the largest of miners, like Barrick Gold and Newmont, fit his investment criteria, Gartman cites market analyst Job Brimelow explaining that “those who've tried to own gold shares rather than gold futures, gold bullion or the gold ETFs have found themselves bullish of gold and losing money on a consistent, relentless basis. We see no reason to believe that this well entrenched trend is prepared to end any time “soon.
Paramedics treat 1,600 at Big Day Out
Updated
The New South Wales Ambulance Service says about 1,600 people needed treatment during the two-day Big Day Out music festival in Sydney.
Ambulance officers took 36 people to hospital including a 27-year-old man who had overdosed on illegal drugs.
He was in a critical condition but a hospital spokeswoman says he has since left the hospital.
Police say more than 380 arrests were made.
They say 12 people were charged with supplying drugs at the festival and another 104 people were allegedly caught with drugs in their possession.
Paramedic David Morris says with the temperature in Sydney reaching into the 40s yesterday heat played a big part in those requiring treatment.
"People were treated for a variety of different things anywhere from, unfortunately, spinal injuries to having cuts and abrasions," he said.
"A lot of alcohol intoxication and, unfortunately, drug overdose.
"It was a big task but everyone who needed help got help. Thankfully there were only a few patients who were quite ill out of the thousands that turned up."
Yesterday's event marked the festival's 100th show.
Topics: community-and-multicultural-festivals, community-and-society, drugs-and-substance-abuse, law-crime-and-justice, crime, sydney-2000, nsw
First posted
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new project to raise the profile of the man dubbed the First World War's greatest playwright is being put together, thanks to nearly £57,000 worth of funding.
Robert Cedric (RC) Sherriff, an insurance man turned screenwriter from Esher, made it big in Hollywood, penning such classics as The Dambusters (1955) and Goodbye Mr Chips (1939).
He wrote numerous plays and scripts but is perhaps best remembered for Journey's End (1928), set in a British dugout on the eve of the great German offensive of March 1918, and written from his own experiences in the trenches.
A grand total of £56,900 has now been made available to the Surrey History Centre to catalogue and record the writer's papers and documents.
The money, from the Heritage Lottery Fund, will pay for the project – To Journey's End and Beyond: The Life and Legacy of RC Sherriff – which is due to start in the new year.
Staff at the centre in Goldsworth Road, Woking, will take on volunteers for the project and work closely with the RC Sherriff Trust in Walton, Kingston Gram-mar School, where he was educated, and schools in Elmbridge.
The idea is to bring Mr Sherriff's experiences on the Western Front to a wider audience, through a newly commissioned play and dramatic workshops.
The volunteers will have an opportunity to pick up archive, conservation and packaging skills while making the records accessible to the public.
As a junior officer in the East Surrey Regiment, Sherriff spent four gruelling months on the Western Front until he was wounded at Passchendaele in August 1917. His papers contain hundreds of letters to his parents and friends.
Di Stiff, from the Surrey History Centre, applied for the grant along with county archivist Mike Page.
She said: “Because of the centenary of the First World War next year there's a renewed interest in him and how he came to write Journey's End.
“He was a serving officer in the East Surrey Regiment. We know about his experiences from his letters from the trenches. These led him to write it.
“These documents were then given to Kingston Grammar School and the centenary is an opportunity to get these papers properly categorised.
“He suffered from neuralgia and wrote about his nerves being shattered by the constant bombardment. He was invalided by 52 pieces of shrapnel, which is when he was taken out of the trenches. These experiences are captured in letters home to his mother and father, and family and friends.”
There will be a travelling exhibition in Surrey and all the material will be available online.
Stuart McLeod, head of the Heritage Lottery Fund South East, said: “This impressive collection of RC Sherriff's works, once restored and catalogued, will give people an incredible insight into his life and his experiences of fighting on the Western Front.
“Capturing individual stories, such as his will, form an important strand of the First World War commemorations taking place across the country.”
Loretta Howells, director of the RC Sherriff Trust, said: It's very exciting. It's the first time there will be a a chance to see the massive collection the Surrey History Centre has.”
TV and film streaming service Netflix has announced that it intends to actively prevent users from using virtual private networks (VPN) to hide their geographic locations in order to gain access to content that is not available to their locale, since Netflix is now available in 190 countries.
"Some members use proxies or 'unblockers' to access titles available outside their territory. To address this, we employ the same or similar measures other firms do. This technology continues to evolve and we are evolving with it," David Fullagar, Netflix's VP of content-delivery architecture, wrote in a blog post on 14 January.
"That means in coming weeks, those using proxies and unblockers will only be able to access the service in the country where they currently are. We are confident this change won't impact members not using proxies."
VPNs are services that allow users anywhere in the world to connect to a private network on the internet. There are some free VPN services, but they either do not offer a lot of bandwidth or might be connected to botnets, such as Hola.
Another solution is to use a DNS unblocker service, whereby you pay a service and then change your Domain Name System (DNS) address settings on your computer or device to point at the unblocker's servers, which then routes your internet traffic through a US proxy so it looks like you are located in the US.
Blocking VPNs and DNS unblockers could cost everybody a lot of money
Obviously not every single person signed up to a VPN is using it to try to cheat Netflix, but a great number of people in tech-savvy countries do use it for this purpose.
They learn about Netflix and budget for the cost of a good, secure VPN with a good reputation, then they sign up for Netflix US, and as far as they're concerned, they have invested in a service they want to use, and that's that.
So if Netflix makes good on its threat to block VPNs, Netflix stands to lose out, as many of these people could easily just cancel their subscription and move to another service that is willing to turn a blind eye to VPNs or doesn't care about DNS unblocking. This means the content providers will also lose money, and the VPN providers and DNS unblockers could easily lose customers too.
"I'm willing to pay for solutions – but if they push me back to torrenting my content, I think it's a very sad direction. Many are willing to pay for the content, but are unable to," said Reddit user bICEmeister on a recent thread complaining about the news.
Fellow user belgarionx2 added: "I live in Turkey. We recently got Netflix here and it has 10% of the US content. I was paying happily for Netflix (US) and also for VPN. If they block this; I'll start pirating. No one cares about piracy here any way, I was paying because I just wanted to."
But how would you go actually about blocking location cheaters?
However, although Netflix says they want to prevent users from tricking it into thinking that foreign users are based in the US, which has much more content available than other countries thanks to favourable licensing agreements, the service admits that it is not all that easy to block VPNs. How would they go about doing it?
1) Blacklist popular VPN providers known to be used by many people
One way to stop people from hiding their geographic location would be to put the most popular VPN providers on a blacklist and block any connections from these providers. However, even Netflix admits that it is possible to get around this:
"We do apply industry standard technologies to limit the use of proxies. Since the goal of the proxy guys is to hide the source it's not obvious how to make that work well. It's likely to always be a cat-and-mouse game," Netflix chief product officer Neil Hunt told The Globe and Mail on 10 January.
"[We] continue to rely on blacklists of VPN exit points maintained by companies that make it their job. Once [VPN providers] are on the blacklist, it's trivial for them to move to a new IP address and evade."
2) Block all connections that seem to come from the same IP address
If many users all seem to connect to Netflix US from the same IP address, then it's a dead ringer that they are using a VPN. Even if Netflix doesn't know about that particular VPN yet, they can then choose to add this VPN to their blacklist.
3) Blacklist DNS unblocker services
DNS unblockers are easier to block than VPNs. In theory, it would be possible for Netflix to double-check what your actual IP address is by quietly getting your device to ping an external domain, and then send the IP address from the external domain to Netflix's servers. If the IP address appeared to be different, then Netflix would know that you were trying to cheat and could block the DNS unblocker's servers.
3) Take a leaf from Steam and iTunes' book and restrict users to their billing country
Another method Netflix could use to make sure users are definitely not cheating the service by hiding their locations is to restrict the user to only using the service in the same country as their billing information is registered to.
So if you're in the UK and you use a UK bank/credit card to pay for your US Netflix subscription, Netflix would know that you definitely don't live in the US. However, there are still ways around this – in theory you could subscribe to a service offering a US forwarding address, and then apply for a prepaid virtual credit card using that address, which is what a lot of people do when they want to shop on US websites that don't offer international shipping.
On the front page of a prominent newspaper the news is grim: a Middle Eastern country run by a ruthless dictatorial regime has been secretly developing “weapons of mass destruction.” While in public they deny it, in their underground labs their scientists are busy, cooking up a radioactive horror that will soon be visited upon the world — that is, unless we act.
How do we know this? An exile group of so-called “freedom-fighters” has made this “intelligence” available to a reporter for a widely-read US newspaper, which splashes this scoop all over its front pages.
I could be talking about the year 2002 — or 2012, with only difference being the names of the target countries. We have been down this road before
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is now saying it is only a matter of a year or so before Iran is ready to join the nuclear club — of course, he said the same thing last year, and the year before, and the year before that.
Adding to our sense of deja-vu, we have an Iranian version of the Iraqi National Congress exile group providing the same quality of “intelligence”: the Mujahideen-e-Khalq (MEK), or Peoples' Warriors, a weird Marxist-Islamic cult which once served Saddam Hussein and was given a base in Iraq to conduct terrorist activities in Iran. When the southern Shi'ites rose against Saddam in the 1990s, Saddam called in these mercenaries to slaughter the ill-armed rebels. The War Party won a big victory the other day when Hillary Clinton announced the MEK had been taken off the official list of designated terrorist groups. They have been a constant source of phony “evidence” that Iran is secretly working on nuclear weapons
Hardly a day goes by without some supposedly sensational revelation or claim about Iran's alleged “weapons of mass destruction.” It seems like only yesterday, however, that we were seeing exactly the same headlines, and the same articles, only this time it is Iran instead of Iraq that stands accused. Back in 2002, it was a series of pieces bylined by a New York Times reporter, Judith Miller — whose name has become virtually synonymous with deception. Ms. Miller was being fed her information by Chalabi's group, via her close connections to the administration, and in particular to a group of political operatives deemed the neoconservatives.
This was — is — a small but highly influential coterie of what used to be called cold war liberals, whose views were shaped by migratory ex-Trotskyites with a bone to pick with Stalin. Not your run of the mill European-style Social Democrats, mind you, but militant interventionists with a vision of a world reshaped by American military power. Or, as one neocon writing in a prominent foreign policy journal put it: the goal of US foreign policy ought to be “benevolent global hegemony” — as opposed, one must assume, to the malevolent global hegemony dreamed of by Communists, national socialists, and other villains throughout history.
The fabled journey of the neocons from far left to far right has been celebrated in story and song, and there is no need to go into all the gory details here: we've heard it all before — in a PBS documentary, “Arguing the World,” and in numerous memoirs by the participants. Yet this famous hegira didn't take them anywhere: it was a journey standing still. For they had simply transferred their allegiance from the Soviet Union to the United States without changing the basic underlying assumptions of their radical universalism: instead of a world communist revolution as advocated by Leon Trotsky and his followers, these disillusioned Marxists now dreamed of a “global democratic revolution,” as one of George W. Bush's speechwriters put it in a presidential oration celebrating the anniversary of the National Endowment for Democracy.
Having walked out of the Democratic party, disgusted with the alleged “pacifism” of George McGovern, these Scoop Jackson Democrats wound up in the Republican party just as the Reagan Revolution, so-called, was picking up steam. When Reagan went to Washington, the neocons followed in his wake, and wound up ensconced in the National Endowment for Democracy, which was founded with them in mind. There Reagan's advisers could keep an eye on them, while they stayed largely out of sight of the general public.
From a small coterie of social democratic intellectuals, the neocons soon branched out and established a Washington network that tied them into the right-wing cold war coalition of social conservatives, free market types, and professional anti-communists. The neocons fit neatly into the latter category, but were never quite comfortable with the other members of the coalition. Some of them remained socialists, or at least social democrats of one sort or another, and as far as capitalism was concerned, they could only give it two cheers, at the most — as Irving Kristol put it in the title of one of his books. When it came to domestic issues, the neocons were all over the map, from Sidney Hook — the quintessential New York intellectual — who remained a socialist until his dying day, to Irving Kristol, a former Trotksyist who wound up founding a veritable dynasty based on the ideological assumptions to be found in the Republican party platform.
What unified them, and defined them as a cohesive group, was a fanatical hatred of Stalinism and their dedication to the idea of spreading democracy — at gunpoint, if necessary — throughout the world. During the cold war, the CIA made use of them as the US sought to counter Soviet influence on the international left. Having displaced the older generation of conservatives, who were derided as “isolationists,” these New Conservatives — or neoconservatives, as they came to be known — came to dominate the American right-wing and soon seized control of the philanthropic foundations that poured money into right-wing causes.
As the cold war ended, however, they saw their influence waning. When Reagan met with Gorbachev and signed a treaty limiting long-range missiles based in Europe, they accused the man who had coined the phrase “evil empire” with selling out to the commies and leaving the US defenseless against the Kremlin. They failed to understand what was happening when the Soviet colossus began to crack because they never “got it” that communism's biggest enemies were its own internal contradictions.
With the fall of Communism, and the dissolution of the Warsaw Pact, the professional anti-communists were out of work. Suddenly there was a big hole in their worldview: the rationalization for our interventionist foreign policy had disappeared almost overnight. Worse, from their point of view, the Republicans were drifting back to their “isolationist” roots. When, during the Clinton administration, the Republicans in Congress threatened to pull the funding from our military adventure in Kosovo, Bill Kristol, editor of the Weekly Standard, threatened to walk out of the Republican party.
Ah, but all was not lost. When George W. Bush went to Washington, a gaggle of neocons followed him. Showing up for work that fateful winter were all the familiar faces who had worked for Sen. Scoop Jackson (D-Boeing), organized the Committee on the Present Danger (and other neocon front groups), and served as the de facto command center of the War Party in previous administrations: Paul Wolfowitz, Richard Perle, Eliot Cohen, Elliott Abrams, Douglas Feith — and, sitting in the peanut gallery, the neocon publicists like Bill Kristol, son of Irving, editor of the Weekly Standard: Max Boot, former CIA analyst, the gang over at Commentary magazine, the staff of the American Enterprise Institute — the most prominent and certainly the wealthiest conservative think tank — and various and sundry Republican politicians, as well as ostensible Democrats like Sen. Joe Lieberman. The policy office of the Pentagon and the National Security Council were packed with neocons, and they had their agenda all set to go when George W. Bush entered the Oval Office.
They went to Washington with a plan: invade and subjugate Iraq. They had found a new enemy to take the place of the Kremlin, and it wasn't just the Iraq dictator — although Saddam was their initial target — but the entire Muslim world, which they determined had to be transformed. The “swamp,” they averred, had to be “drained.” In their view, the entire Arab world had been deformed and kept back from achieving “modernity” due to certain characteristics of what they called the “Arab mind” — deformations that could be traced back to the all-pervasive influence of Islam on the development of Arab civilization.
The stage was set for the disaster that was about to unfold….
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
I regret to say that I've had to cancel my Vassar talk, which was scheduled for Wednesday, October 10 — I've apparently caught walking pneumonia! I was going to go anyway, but my doctor advised me against it. So I'm staying home, in bed, and the talk I didn't get to deliver is being serialized this week in three parts. Part I is above: the second and third parts will appear on Wednesday and Friday.
Read more by Justin Raimondo
Over 50,000 take part in our united Ireland border poll - here's how they voted BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Following calls for a border poll in the wake of the EU referendum result, we asked if you thought it was time to have a vote. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/over-50000-take-part-in-our-united-ireland-border-poll-heres-how-they-voted-34900542.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article34897986.ece/93bdc/AUTOCROP/h342/2016-07-20_new_22976734_I1.JPG
Email
Following calls for a border poll in the wake of the EU referendum result, we asked if you thought it was time to have a vote.
Republic of Ireland political leaders have joined with Sinn Fein to call for a border poll after Northern Ireland voted to remain in the European Union while the UK as a whole opted to leave.
The DUP branded the calls "pathetic and deliberately mischievous".
More:
Enda Kenny and Micheal Martin's cavalier attempts at electioneering suit unionism very nicely
Irish unity is the best idea around, insists SDLP leader Eastwood
So we decided to hold a poll on if the time was right to have a vote - yes a vote on a vote, just what we in Northern Ireland love.
And in the first 24 hours 7,645 votes were cast with the majority - 73% - saying the time was right for a poll.
We also asked a second question on what way people would vote.
And 70% said they would vote for a united Ireland in the first day of our online vote.
You can continue to vote below.
Meanwhile, the head of the EU's policing agency has said he does not believe there would be an increase in violence if a vote for a united Ireland was passed.
Rob Wainwright, the director of Europol, said Ireland had "come a long way since the Troubles" and that he was "rather optimistic" reunification would not lead to a return of terrorist activity.
Speaking at the MacGill Summer School in Glenties, Co Donegal, Mr Wainwright warned that Brexit had potential implications for the sharing of intelligence on organised crime.
But he said he did not have any specific concerns about the prospect of a united Ireland.
"The issue is entirely a political one of course," he added. "Again, it's for the governments of Ireland and the UK to deal with that and comment on it, and certainly not for me."
He also indicated that Northern Ireland and the Republic were very different places than 30 years ago.
"Would there be a concern?" he asked. "I'm not sure. I think we have come a long way since the Troubles.
"The Ireland that we see today is very different to what we saw all those years ago.
"I hate to think that we would slip back into something like that, and I am rather optimistic that we wouldn't."
Belfast Telegraph
Update: it did not take long to find the possible bombing suspect:
Suspect is a local 33 year-old guy. http://t.co/wz94pSItvW So far 7 dead, 2 missing, 48 injured — Fergus Ryan (@fryan) September 30, 2015
* * *
Over the weekend when we reported that one of China's largest coal miners had laid off 100,000, or 40% of its workforce, we noted that China's hard-landing is starting to hit where it really hurts: employment, or rather the lack thereof, and the one logical consequence: "now, many migrant workers struggle to find their footing in a downshifting economy. As factories run out of money and construction projects turn idle across China, there has been a rise in the last thing Beijing wants to see: unrest."
Moments ago we may have witnessed the first direct, and deadly, manifestation of this unrest when as Xinhua reported, a series of at least 17 "massive" explosions rocked the southern Chinese city of Liuzhou earlier today, killing at least three six people and injuring more than a dozen, state media reported.
#Update 6 killed, dozens injured in parcel blasts in Liucheng county, #Guangxi. More casualties reported in nearby Liuzhou city — CCTVNEWS (@cctvnews) September 30, 2015
#BREAKING Rescue work underway after series of explosions in Liucheng county, China's Guangxi on Wednesday (Xinhua) pic.twitter.com/R4PTLxlj6m — CCTVNEWS (@cctvnews) September 30, 2015
Web users post photos of a partly collapsed building in Guangxi following explosions; cause of blasts still unknown pic.twitter.com/up0rnbstuF — CCTVNEWS (@cctvnews) September 30, 2015
Update:3 killed, 13 injured in blasts, maybe by parcel explosives, in Liucheng county of S China's Guangxi (web pics) pic.twitter.com/Hm9JkImN7m — China Xinhua News (@XHNews) September 30, 2015
Bombs were apparently hidden in courier packages. The Chinese courier industry is huge & crucial as last-mile infrastructure for e-commerce. — Christina Xu (@xuhulk) September 30, 2015
Guangxi Daily put number of blasts at 17. 7 dead, 51 injured, 2 missing ??????17??? ?7?51?2??? http://t.co/BFyfGF5xXJ — Fergus Ryan (@fryan) September 30, 2015
Guangxi police say they know of over 60 suspicious parcels ??????:??????60?? http://t.co/0pHlTW2WTL — Fergus Ryan (@fryan) September 30, 2015
According to NBC, a local police chief told state news agency Xinhua that the 17 explosions hit locations including a hospital, a food market and a bus station, state news agency Xinhua reported.
State-run broadcaster CCTV cited a police chief saying the blasts were caused by "parcels containing explosives," without providing further information.
In other words, for the first time in recent years, someone in China proactively sent out mailbombs to heavily populated areas including a hospital, a market, and a bus station.
CCTV said at least 6 people had been killed and at least 13 injured. NBC News could not immediately confirm that tally.
Images posted to Twitter by the Chinese media outlets appeared to show partially collapsed buildings, rubble in the streets, and at least one plume of smoke above the city.
According to Xinhua, the incident is being investigated as a criminal act. Which brings us back to our conclusion from Sunday:
if there is one thing China's politburo simply can not afford right now, is to layer public unrest and civil violence on top of an economy which is already in "hard-landing" move. Forget black - this would be the bloody swan that nobody could "possibly have seen coming.
Three days later we may have the first manifestation of precisely this civil violence "bloody swan." Will today's deadly bombing be the end of it, or is it just starting?
Natalie Maltais was found using the GPS signal from her mobile phone A nine-year-old girl, allegedly kidnapped by her grandmother, has been found using a mobile phone signal and Google Street View. A police officer and a firefighter in Athol, Massachusetts, joined forces after authorities were alerted that Natalie Maltais had been taken. Officers used GPS in the girl's mobile phone to find her approximate location. They fed the co-ordinates into Google Street View, pinpointing a hotel where the child was subsequently found. The alarm was raised after grandmother Rose Maltais picked up Natalie from the child's legal guardians for what was supposed to be a weekend away. She "said that she wasn't going to return Natalie and then left the state", Athol police chief Timothy Anderson told the BBC. The police contacted Ms Maltais, but after she didn't return Natalie as promised, they decided to track them down using Natalie's mobile phone. Since 2005, US law says that mobile phone providers must be able to locate 67% of callers within 100 metres and 95% of callers within 300 meters. This requirement has led to GPS capability in most new mobile phones in the US. Rose Maltais took the child during an arranged visit, say authorities "This is very useful, although we can only use it in emergency situations such as when a person is missing or lost, or a life is in danger," said chief Anderson. Knowing this, police officer Todd Neale contacted the mobile phone provider, AT&T, which gave him GPS coordinates every time the phone was activated. Police must submit a compliance form to the phone provider to request location information. Joined-up thinking Officer Neale then got in touch with Athol's deputy fire chief Thomas Lozier who had previously used GPS to direct firefighters tackling forest and brush fires, and to find lost hikers. "Last spring, there was an incident where the cell phone transmitted the co-ordinates of some people lost in a local conservation area," deputy chief Lozier explained. "We tracked them down using hand-held GPS units and within an hour we'd gotten them back." He used mapping software to determine the location of the co-ordinates given to him by Officer Neale over the radio. Then he turned to Google. Athol's deputy fire chief, Thomas Lozier, spotted the hotel where Natalie was later found on Google Street View
"As soon as the officer said to me, 'I wonder how we can research the area', I thought of it," he said. He found the location on Google Maps and looked at the Street View, which shows eye-level photographs of the area. That's when he spotted a nearby hotel. "I noticed the hotel in the area, and as I was panning the map, I was able to see the road sign at the intersection," he said. He used Google to search for hotels near that intersection and found the Budget Inn in Natural Bridge, Virginia. Officer Neale alerted the Virginia state police, who found the missing child and her grandmother in the hotel as predicted. The deputy fire chief said how happy he was with the outcome of his team effort with Officer Neale. "It was brilliant," he said. "Half an hour later, he called me [on my walkie-talkie] at home. I had my home computer ready to go and he informed me that it had been successful."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Medical cannabis – Wiki image
Nate Bradley
AlterNet
For Oakland residents who want marijuana policies that protect public safety and secure access for medical marijuana patients, it is the best of times and the worst of times. It just depends on which Oakland you live in.
The lives of medical marijuana patients in Oakland County, Michigan and Oakland, California are as different as night and day. While medical marijuana patients in Oakland, CA are protected and treated like law-abiding citizens, medical marijuana patients in Oakland County, MI aren't so fortunate. Since 2008, when medical marijuana was legalized in Michigan, dozens of legitimate patients have been raided and prosecuted like common criminals.
On the other hand, over the last few years, the Oakland (California) Police Department has been very progressive in taking steps to ensure that medical marijuana patients are protected under the law.
For example, Oakland PD invited advocates into their police academy to make sure their cadets were properly educated on issues surrounding medical marijuana.
Oakland PD also changed its arrest policy to require officers to obtain approval from their on-duty sergeants before they arrest anyone with a medical marijuana card for possessing marijuana.
This policy has reduced the number of patients clogging the court system because of arrests that would most likely have been thrown out when they got to trial. It has also helped build trust between the police and Oakland's burgeoning marijuana community.
Oakland, CA has chosen to license and regulate medical marijuana dispensaries instead of raiding them. They have created over 1,000 new jobs, with the average legal marijuana employee making $25 an hour including family health care coverage.
By taking these forward-thinking steps, Oakland has been able to blaze the way for other cities in California that have chosen to “tax and regulate” instead of “raid and prosecute” when it comes to medical marijuana.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
As a former police officer and current medical marijuana patient (whose life was literally saved by this medicine) I applaud the city of Oakland for taking a sensible and safe approach to medical marijuana regulation.
Unfortunately, the same can't be said for the residents of Oakland County, Michigan, where “reefer madness” is apparently still entrenched into the core of local government, even though the state's voters overwhelmingly approved a ballot initiative legalizing medical marijuana in 2008.
Recently the Oakland County Narcotics Enforcement Team raided the homes and business of numerous medical marijuana patients and caregivers. They destroyed plants using alcohol Prohibition-era tactics.
AD
What was their justification for using taxpayer money to raid and arrest medical marijuana patients?
According to Oakland County Sheriff Michael Bouchard, the state's medical marijuana law doesn't specifically mention collectives and co-op grows. He claims that means such operations are illegal. What Sheriff Brouchard fails to realize is that nothing in the law prohibits medical marijuana caregivers from joining together and acting cooperatively to grow and consolidate.
And that's exactly what these individuals were doing.
American Natural Superfood - Free Sample After the raids, Sheriff Bouchard likened the patients' activities to “organized crime,” claiming they were trying to turn Michigan into a “Cheech and Chong” movie. Then, just to add salt on an open wound, the prosecutor obtained a court order prohibiting many of the patients who had been arrested from even using medical marijuana in accordance with their doctors' recommendations. So much for being innocent until proven guilty. Oakland County needs to understand that every dollar spent on raiding, arresting and prosecuting medical marijuana patients and caregivers is a dollar that won't be spent on raiding, arresting and prosecuting child molesters and rapists. If they choose to continue with the raid and prosecute tactics, they will only continue to squander taxpayer money and hurt their most venerable citizens: the sick people the medical marijuana law was enacted to help. Nate Bradley is a former police officer and an advocate for patient rights. He is the executive director of Lawmen Protecting Patients and is a speaker for Law Enforcement Against Prohibition. var linkwithin_site_id = 557381; linkwithin_text='Related Articles:'
Sony is not planning on releasing its game-streaming device PlayStation Vita TV in the US or Europe "at this point", instead choosing to focus on the Asian market, SCE president Andrew House has confirmed.
In an interview with techon.com, House explained that he has "high hopes" for the device in China, where the sale of standard video game consoles is currently prohibited.
"SCE will release the PS Vita TV in Japan Nov 14, 2013, and in other countries after that," House said.
"The reason why it will be launched in Japan earlier than in other countries is that there is no leading company in Japan's video streaming market. The company is planning to sell the PS Vita TV in China, South Korea, etc, but not in the US and European market at this point.
"In the Asian market, SCE has high hopes for the Chinese market. This is not limited to the PS Vita TV. This applies to all of SCE's products. At this point, the Chinese government prohibits the sales of home-use game consoles, but we expect [sic] that the prohibition will be dropped."
"So, if the sales of home-use game consoles is permitted in, for example, the free trade zone of Shanghai, it will create a big business opportunity. We have high expectations for that."
PS Vita TV lets users stream PlayStation Vita, PSP and PSOne titles, and play PS4 titles via Remote Play. Sony is also "considering providing PS3 games" to the service in future, House says.
"At this point, more than 1,300 titles of games in various categories can be played," he adds. "They have a wide price range, making it easy for users to buy them. With the lineup and prices, we can reasonably expect that the PS Vita TV will gain in popularity.
"The PS Vita TV was developed mainly for those who have fun with contents with family members in a living room. The concept of the PS Vita TV was created in about August 2011, four months before the release of the PS Vita. After that, SCE discussed it many times and started the development of the PS Vita TV in earnest about a year ago."
PlayStation Vita TV was revealed earlier this week alongside a new slimmer and lighter PlayStation Vita. The new Vita has yet to be confirmed for release in the UK.
Source: techon.nikkeibp.co.jp
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
In a province with the population of a small city -- just a shade above 145,000 -- it's a big loss, and a big deal.
Statistics Canada revealed last week 1,074 more islanders headed to other provinces in 2012-13 than arrived. It's the largest loss of residents in more than three decades and almost double the number who moved away the previous year.
That's the number of people who left Prince Edward Island last year for greener pastures. Critics of the Harper government are seizing on the figure as proof the Conservatives' overhaul of the employment insurance program unfairly targets seasonal workers, driving them from their homes to look for jobs.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 2/12/2013 (1911 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 2/12/2013 (1911 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
HALIFAX — A mystery writer might call it the Case of the Missing 1,100.
That's the number of people who left Prince Edward Island last year for greener pastures. Critics of the Harper government are seizing on the figure as proof the Conservatives' overhaul of the employment insurance program unfairly targets seasonal workers, driving them from their homes to look for jobs.
Statistics Canada revealed last week 1,074 more islanders headed to other provinces in 2012-13 than arrived. It's the largest loss of residents in more than three decades and almost double the number who moved away the previous year.
In a province with the population of a small city — just a shade above 145,000 — it's a big loss, and a big deal.
The P.E.I. government blames new EI rules that require repeat claimants to take a similar job, even if it pays less than what they were making before they were laid off. They may also be required to take a job within an hour's commute of their homes.
Workers in the seasonal industries that are the mainstay of Atlantic Canada's rural communities — fishing, farming, forestry and tourism — fall squarely within the new criteria. Many rely on EI to tide them over until fishing season opens or summer visitors return.
The Conservatives and their supporters might find this dependency on pogey distasteful. But for many people living in areas where jobs are scarce, it's an economic reality. By one estimate, the changes affect as many as 200,000 Atlantic Canadians receiving EI benefits.
P.E.I.'s innovation minister, Allen Roach, warned last week the exodus may be only the beginning as seasonal workers denied benefits are forced to relocate, leaving employers to grapple with seasonal shortages.
The federal Tories dismiss the latest attack on EI reform as the partisan posturing of a provincial Liberal government. Confronted with the migration statistics, Employment Minister Jason Kenney insisted "not one person has to leave P.E.I. in order to search for available work to qualify for EI."
While no one knows for sure why the 1,100 left, there's growing evidence the reforms are having an effect on the regional economy and labour market.
A dude-ranch operator in New Brunswick has complained of having to train new workers to fill unexpected summer vacancies. Atlantic bishops went public in the spring to warn the changes are hurting the most vulnerable members of their communities. Statistics Canada reports a drop of 10 per cent or more in the number of people collecting EI in the Atlantic provinces even though the unemployment rate has been stable.
And it's not just an East Coast problem. Four out of 10 Canadians working in seasonal jobs live in Quebec, where a provincial investigation found women and seasonal workers are bearing the brunt of the reforms. The Quebec government is demanding revised EI rules, including an end to the commuting requirement.
The premiers of the four Atlantic provinces — two of them leaders of Progressive Conservative governments — have called on Ottawa to reverse or modify the EI changes to take into account the needs of seasonal industries. They fault Ottawa for failing to consult them about the changes and have sent a task force into rural communities to gauge their impact.
As if to underline how little thought went into the reforms, a Halifax newspaper reported last week Ottawa is quietly revising a rule that penalized fishermen who take a lower-paying on-shore job to supplement their income.
The reforms — and the government behind them — have little support in Atlantic Canada. A poll released in June found fewer than half of respondents agreed with the changes. Two-thirds rejected the notion claimants should be obliged to accept lower-paying jobs.
The federal Tories trail Justin Trudeau's Liberals in the region by a wide margin. Harper holds 13 of 32 seats — more than half of them in a single province, New Brunswick. If polling numbers hold, many could be in jeopardy in 2015.
The employment-insurance backlash is also hurting provincial Tories. PC premiers David Alward of New Brunswick and Newfoundland and Labrador's Kathy Dunderdale are jockeying with the NDP for last place in the polls. Hal Perry, one of a handful of PCs in the P.E.I. legislature, defected to the Liberals this fall to try to help rural constituents suffering under the new rules.
EI reform is the prime suspect in the Case of the Missing 1,100. As for why support is dwindling for the Harper Conservatives, a party out of touch with the realities of life in Atlantic Canada and averse to facing the facts? Well, there's no mystery there.
Dean Jobb, an associate professor in the School of Journalism at the University of King's College, is the East Coast correspondent for the Winnipeg Free Press. www.deanjobb.com
Less than half the residents of the McAllen, Texas, metropolitan area felt safe “walking alone at night in the area where they live in 2012-2013,” according to newly released numbers from Gallup. McAllen was the only community Gallup surveyed where less than half the people felt safe.
But here's the thing: The violent crime rate in the McAllen area, according to the FBI, was 319 incidents per 100,000 inhabitants in 2012. That's below the national average.
The disparity in McAllen is an extreme example, but I've been looking into how people calibrate their fear of crime (for a forthcoming article), and I thought in the meantime it would be interesting to look at how good they are at it.
I compared Gallup's data with the FBI's violent crime rate statistics in 2012 for 167 metropolitan areas. There's a relationship between the percentage of people who feel safe going out at night and the violent crime rate. But the correlation isn't that strong.
It seems people have a rough sense of the risk of crime, but they don't calibrate it very well.
We can also look at where the greatest disparities were by using Gallup's “felt safe” data to “predict” a violent crime rate, and then comparing that with the actual rate. Here are the 10 metropolitan areas where residents overestimated the risk to their safety — at least as measured by the violent crime rate — by the most. (Keep in mind, the FBI's violent crime rate doesn't represent every kind of risk.)
And how about the metropolitan areas where the crime rate is higher than you might expect given the percentage of people feeling safe at night?
In the Anchorage, Alaska, area, 75 percent of residents said they felt safe, which ranks 35th of 167 in Gallup's data set. Yet the violent crime rate in Anchorage is 811.1 per 100,000 inhabitants, the fourth highest.
The difficulty of gauging the crime rate is not surprising. As Daniel Lewis of Northwestern University's social policy department told Slate in 2011, the odds of falling victim to a violent crime are low in almost any circumstance, and so most people cannot tell when crime rises or falls.
Indeed, no one in any of the metropolitan areas discussed is likely to be the victim of a violent crime. Even in the area with the highest crime rate, Memphis, Tenn., the chance of being the victim of a violent crime is one in 94.
What causes people to overestimate or underestimate risk? That's a complicated question, and one I'm still looking into.
​Image: Andreas F. Borchert/Wiki
​ Algorithms are a science of cleverness. A natural manifestation of logical reasoning—​mathematical induction, in particular—a good algorithm is like a fleeting, damning snapshot into the very soul of a problem. A jungle of properties and relationships becomes a simple recurrence relation, a single-line recursive step producing boundless chaos and complexity. And to see through deep complexity, it takes cleverness.
It was the programming pioneer Edsger W. Dijkstra that really figured this out, and his namesake algorithm remains one of the cleverest things in computer science. A relentless advocate of simplicity and elegance in mathematics, he more or less believed that every complicated problem had an accessible ground floor, a way in, and math was a tool to find it and exploit it.
In 1956, Dijkstra was working on the ARMAC, a parallel computing machine based at the Netherlands' Mathematical Center. It was a successor to the ARRA and ARRA II machines, which had been essentially the country's first computers. His job was programming the thing, and once ARMAC was ready for its first public unveiling—after two years of concerted effort—Dijkstra needed a problem to solve.
"For a demonstration for noncomputing people you have to have a problem statement that non-mathematicians can understand," Dijkstra recalled in an interview not long before his 2002 death. "They even have to understand the answer. So I designed a program that would find the shortest route between two cities in the Netherlands, using a somewhat reduced road-map of the Netherlands, on which I had selected 64 cities."
"What's the shortest way to travel from Rotterdam to Groningen?," Dijkstra said. "It is the algorithm for the shortest path, which I designed in about 20 minutes."
Google Maps does this for us now and we don't even really think about what a complex task it could be. Shortest path problems, a key feature of graph theory with a whole lot of pretty obvious real-world applications, get insanely deep very fast. The result is known (informally) as a combinatorial explosion, which is where the number of different combinations that must be explored in a given problem grows exponentially.
The result of such an explosion is that problems, like shortest path problems, grow so quickly as to become practically incomputable, taking a practically infinite amount of time to solve. It only takes a handful of nodes in a given map or graph for the number of possible combinations to push into the billions, requiring vast and unreasonable amounts of time.
The easiest way to explain Dijkstra's algorithm is probably with an example. Take the graph below, where the numbers given are the weights of each connection. (A weight could be a simple distance or really any relative cost associated with traversing a particular connection that we're seeking to minimize.) To start, we assign s, our starting position, the value 0. It takes 0 miles (or whatever) to get here because it's the beginning position. Next, we look at the neighboring nodes of s, which we can imagine as a sort of frontier to be explored.
In the first iteration, we look to the closest node, which is 1 unit away. We assign a label to the node with that value, a, and look onward at the next frontier nodes and their respective distances. b is 1 away (2 from the beginning), c is 2 away (3 from the beginning), and we also have d, which is 2 from the beginning. Since we're after the shortest path from the beginning, we're forced to move to d from s (2 units), and we assign a value of 2 to d. On the next iteration of the algorithm, from d we look ahead to c, which is 10 away (12 from s), but we also look again from our outpost at a, where we can still get to c in 2 (3 from the beginning) and b in 1 (2 from the beginning). We set up our next outpost at b and assign it a label of 2 (2 moves from the start).
Our explorer stationed at b is in for a disappointment. The only possible move to t is 10 units away (12 from the beginning). And this is more than the 2 units from a to c (3 from the beginning) and the same as a trip from s to c through d, a possibility we can now safely discard (having arrived at c in only 3 units, rather than the 12 required via d). Now, we're at c and if this seems complicated it's really not. We're just making cautious, tentative steps from node to node, while being forced by the algorithm to always consider the shortest path from the start.
Finally, we again look from b to t, again noting the total path as being 12. Meanwhile, the final jump from c costs 1, for a total shortest path distance of 4. And so an incredibly complex—explosively complex—problem can be accomplished elegantly, simply, and even intuitively on paper.
More examples:
Second image:
Dijkstra says he came up with this while sipping a coffee on some cafe terrace. "In fact, it was published in 1959, three years later," he recalled. "The publication is still quite nice. One of the reasons that it is so nice was that I designed it without pencil and paper. Without pencil and paper you are almost forced to avoid all avoidable complexities. Eventually that algorithm became, to my great amazement, one of the cornerstones of my fame."
This is what makes Google Maps go 'round, or at least some variation of it is. Really, it's what makes such route-finding possible at all: just enough cleverness to see through the noise.
Buy Photo Crime News (Photo: Chris Cusumano / Poughkeepsie Journal)Buy Photo
A 24-year-old City of Poughkeepsie man died after being shot in the neck Wednesday night, police said via news release.
The victim's name has not been released yet, pending family notification.
"This was not a random act of violence," but the motive is unknown at this time, police said via email.
There are no suspects and police would not comment on whether or not this homicide is related to the shooting death of David Reed, 23, who was killed in September on Garden Street.
No arrest has been made in the Reed homicide yet.
The City of Poughkeepsie 911 Center had received several reports of shots fired on Gifford Avenue in the City of Poughkeepsie.
On Wednesday around 8:48 p.m., police discovered the city man had been transported by private vehicle to MidHudson Regional Hospital in Poughkeepsie, and was later pronounced dead at the hospital.
An autopsy conducted by the Dutchess County Medical Examiner this morning determined that the cause of death was a single gunshot wound to the neck, police said.
The investigation into this murder is continuing, and anyone with information is asked to call city police at 845-451-7577.
Nina Schutzman: nschutzman@poughkeepsiejournal.com, 845-451-4518 Twitter: @pojonschutzman
Read or Share this story: http://pojonews.co/1ALglJs
The Lower Thames Crossing, or Third Thames Crossing, is a proposed new road crossing of the River Thames estuary linking the county of Kent with the county of Essex through Thurrock. The route was confirmed on 12 April 2017 by Transport Secretary Chris Grayling. It is designed to relieve the pressure on the existing A282 Dartford Crossing. After consideration, changes have been made to the plan to make it less obtrusive- the junction with the A226 has been eliminated, and the upgrade extended to the M2, junction 1.
The route [ edit ]
Key elements will be a bored tunnel crossing under the River Thames east of Gravesend and Tilbury (Location C), linked north of the river by a new road to the M25 between junctions 29 and 30 (Route 3) while south of the river the new road will directly join the A2 at Thong east of Gravesend (the Western Southern Link).[1] It will run west of Shorne, not to the east as a result of consultations.[2]
There will be three junctions: Orsett on the A13, Thong on the A2 and north-bound slip roads on the M25 at junction 29. Junctions have been removed on the A226 south of Chalk and on the A128 at Chadwell St Mary in Essex.[3]
Proposals [ edit ]
In January 2009, the Department for Transport proposed three major options to increase capacity east of London over the River Thames to be built downstream of the existing Dartford Crossing and an additional proposal to increase capacity at the Dartford Crossing.[4]
Also: Increased capacity on the current Dartford Crossing at a lower cost. This option did not accommodate the predicted traffic growth in the longer term.
Advocates of the proposal argue that a new crossing is needed to alleviate congestion at the Dartford Crossing.
Currently, there is a ferry service operating between Gravesend and Tilbury,[5] which predominantly carries foot passengers and bicycles, Monday to Saturday.[6]
History [ edit ]
A study in a Lower Thames Crossing providing "relief to east side of the M25 between Kent and Essex" was included in the 1989 white paper Roads for Prosperity.[7]
The Lower Thames Crossing was recommended for further investigation in the 2002 ORBIT Multi-Model Study, which examined orbital transport problems around London.[8][9]
In 2008, Metrotidal Ltd proposed the "Medway-Canvey Island crossing", a £2bn to £4bn combined road and rail tunnel between Medway and Canvey Island that would include a surge-tide barrier and a tidal power plant, which was supported by Kent County Council, Essex County Council, the Thames Gateway South Essex Partnership and the Department for Transport.[10]
Following delays in any proposal being put forward by central government, Essex and Kent County Councils intend to create a joint proposal for the construction of a crossing.[11]
In January 2009, the Department for Transport published its own proposals.[4]
In October 2010, a study commissioned by Kent County Council proposed that the northern end of the crossing should bypass the M25 and continue on to connect to the M11 (and Stansted Airport) directly.[12] This would presumably be an adaptation of Option C.
In October 2012, plans were announced for a major theme park[13] to be built near Swanscombe. Commenting on road and motorway access to the park, Kent County Council highways chief Councillor Brian Sweetland said that he was looking at a significant variation to Option B: "The possibility of a new Thames Crossing at the Swanscombe peninsula must now be taken very seriously".[14]
On 12 April 2017 the Secretary of State for Transport Chris Grayling confirmed Option C as the preferred route for the Lower Thames Crossing.[15]
In November 2017, Highways England announced that its 'current thinking' for the design of the route encompassed a number of changes from that of the original public consultation: the route would now avoid a landfill site near Ockendon; the junction with the A13 would be redesigned and the junctions with the A128 and A226 would be removed. Furthermore, the A2 would be widened from its junction with the new crossing approach road to Junction 1 of the M2.[16]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Jamaica's national hero and pan-Africanist leader Marcus Garvey will have a place of prominence in the Jamaican school curriculum this coming academic year.
Education Minister, Reverend Ronald Thwaites, has revealed that the teachings of Garveyism and the subject of Civics will be officially introduced to the school curriculum during the 2012/13 academic year.
He explained that the Garveyism programme will be officially launched on August 17 at the Marcus Garvey Technical High School in St. Ann.
“We will launch the material which will comprise the module for Garvey studies as part of the Civics programme,” he told journalists during a press briefing recently at Jamaica House in Kingston.
Meanwhile, Thwaites said his ministry was pleased with the level of progress being made in back-to-school preparations for the upcoming school year, which begins on September 3.
He said the ministry had so far, successfully hosted four ‘Back-to-School' conferences in Regions Three, Four, Five and Six over the last few weeks. The remaining two conferences in Regions One and Two will be held in the next three weeks.
The conferences encourage wide stakeholder participation and give participants the opportunity to have dialogue with the minister and other ministry representatives.
Reverend Thwaites said he was pleased with the level of participation in the conferences, which involved teachers, principals, school board chairmen, parents, and even members of the business and civic communities.
“The idea is to, not just go and tell them what's happening, but to listen to them and to engage them fully in the enterprise of education, because the ministry and the teachers can't do it alone, it requires full participation,” he said.
The minister also advised that quality education circle meetings are now being organised for the completion of the School Improvement Plans for each school
Jordan Bell has showed a willingness to learn and be coached. Yet Steve Kerr has showed a certain distant reserve with his young rookie, as if he doesn't want Bell to get a big head and for the veterans to get jealous.
In the recent Portland game, Bell had a massive chasedown block of Damian Lillard that electrified the Warriors and the whole stadium.
Afterwards, from NBC Sports. Kerr reluctantly shared his most positive remarks yet about Bell:
“That's the tradeoff,” Kerr said. “We're trying to bring Jordan along slowly, but he makes it hard to keep him off the floor. We're pointing out his mistakes and trying to teach him about the NBA game and his opponents, who he's guarding and what to expect. It comes at you fast as a rookie. From one night to the next you've got all these star players and tendencies you have to learn, and coverages and terminology. “He's coming along really well. He's been outstanding for us.”
Also:
“That chase-down block after the turnover was spectacular,” said Kevin Durant, who drained a jumper seven seconds after the block. “That play kind of got us going.”
Bell himself discussed it in his post-game remarks, which you might have seen, and referred to getting chewed out by Kerr for his non-hustle in New Orleans on a play that you probably haven't seen.
Well, look no further. Watch rookie Jordan Bell get yelled at in New Orleans, learn, and come up with the huge chasedown block against Damian Lillard. Co-starring Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry from the Warriors-Trailblazers game on Dec 11, 2017.
Bell gets yelled at, learns pro hustle Watch rookie Jordan Bell get yelled at in New Orleans, learn, and come up with the huge chasedown block against Portland. Co-starring Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry. Posted by Golden State of Mind on Thursday, December 14, 2017
(alternate YouTube link)
Final Thoughts
Have I mentioned I have an irrationally good feeling about Jordan Bell? I don't think it's irrational any more. My old tweets were over the top at the time, but seem pretty reasonable today.
We are going to dive into two different methods to get LOLcats and the rest of the internet to your PC. The first involves using your phone's built in tethering ability and carrier support to get the job done; the second involves a bit of a proxy configuration, but we will be sure to walk you through both.
Internet can almost be called the lifeblood of our society; if the internet goes down or our phones lose signal, it is like a part of us dies. Whether you view the aforementioned statement as a glum view of today's society or an undoubtable truth – we are going to make sure you get internet onto your tablet or PC as long as you have a Windows Phone by your side.
Carrier Tethering
The easiest way to turn your Windows Phone into a Wi-Fi hotspot for you devices is to enable carrier tethering. Depending on your specific carrier and their terms of service, you may be able to activate tethering without any additional charge or you may be forced to fork over a bit more money. If you are unsure of which option you will have to take, follow our steps below as you will be given a message telling you to contact your carrier if your current plan does not support tethering.
The Detailed Explanation
Begin by unlocking your Windows Phone device and head to Settings, which can be found in your app list by swiping to the left from the home screen. Once within Settings, the fourth option down should be entitled “Internet sharing” – select it.
This is the point at which you will discover whether or not your current data plan supports the use of tethering. You will see a single toggle switch for switching Internet Sharing on or off – click it to enable tethering. If the ability is supported, you will now be presented with a collection of other options and you can continue on down below, otherwise you will be presented with an error message telling you to contact your carrier to enable the feature.
However, wait! If tethering is not enabled on your current data plan, you can either call your carrier or skip to the next section where we show you how to “tether” on a plan that does not support it.
If you phone does support tethering, you should now see a notification telling you can share your internet connection over Wi-Fi with a number of guests. If Internet Sharing is left inactive for a few minutes, it will automatically shut off to conserve battery life – something important to note.
Below the brief description of Internet Sharing, you will now see the Broadcast name of your network, the network's password, and the number of guests connected. To change any of these settings you can hit the “Setup” button onscreen. It should be noted that you must have a password on your Wi-Fi network, Internet Sharing will not allow you to go without one.
The Quick Explanation
Go to the Settings area on your Windows Phone. Select “Internet Sharing” from the list. Click the toggle switch to enable tethering (if your data plan does not support it, you can either follow the next section below for an alternative method or contact your carrier to enable it) Hit the Setup button to create a network SSID and password. Connect your devices and being browsing the web.
That is it – you are setup and ready to tethering. Simply head over to your PC or other Wi-Fi enabled device and connect to your newly created network. Remember though, you are using your phone's data and as such, should be conscious not to use too much. If you are using Windows 8, the operating system will automatically detect when you tethered and will try its best to reduce the amount of total data usage. Some programs also recognize this mode, such as Norton's suite of security programs, which will prevent downloading updates during this time.
Tether-X
Maybe you are paying your bill's (which are probably quite expensive), but you still do not have tethering ability and to get such a feature, you must pour out even more of your hard earned cash. That doesn't seem very fair, does it? You paid for the data and should be able to use it however you like. Under that clause, we are going to show you how to tether your device even if your carrier does not want you to.
We are going to begin by downloading a free application from the Windows Phone Marketplace entitled Tether-X. You can acquire the app by clicking here, searching for it in the marketplace yourself, or by scanning our handy dandy QR code included below.
The Only Explanation
Tether-X works by setting up a proxy server (or “engine”, as they call it), which all your internet data requests on your PC will be routed through. We will accomplish this by setting up a network between your phone and your device, and then configuring the proxy. Since the steps are a bit detailed, we have carefully outlined them below:
We will begin by setting up an ad-hoc network (or direct connection) between your PC and your Windows Phone device. To start, head to your Windows 8 Start Screen and type “cmd”. You will see an application called “cmd” appear in the results, but instead of hitting enter – hit “Ctrl-Shift-Enter” to launch the program under administrator control. Once the Command Prompt program is in front of you, we can setup the adhoc network. Type the following without quotes into the command prompt and hit Enter: “netsh wlan set hosted mode=allow ssid=tether-x key= microsoft”. Note: You can change “tether-x” to any network name you would like, and you can change “microsoft” to any password you like – we have provided the above as examples. Once you have hit Enter, you should see three notifications stated that the network has been setup. To launch the newly created network, now type the following without quotes into the command prompt: “netsh wlan start hosted”. You should receive a message stating that “The hosted network started”. Head to your Windows Phone device and opening the Wi-Fi menu under Settings. If all was setup as it should be, you will now see “tether-x' as an available Wi-Fi hotspot to connect to. Connect to the network with the password we setup before (“microsoft”) and then continue on to the next step. On your Windows PC, go to the start screen and type “Internet Options” – hit Enter. You will be presented with the Internet Properties window, select the Connections tab, and then select the button “LAN Settings”. Within the Window that pops up, select the first checkmark box entitled “Use a proxy server for your LAN”. In the address field - enter the IP address of your phone (To acquire the IP address, click on the listed “tether-x” network under Wi-Fi settings on your Windows Phone.). In the port field, enter “8080” without quotes. Once all is filled out, hit “OK” to close the dialog window. Finally, on your Windows Phone, head back to the Tether-X app and select “Start Proxy Engine”. You are now all set and ready to browse the web via your phone!
IMPORTANT:
When done tethering your phone via Tether-X you must go back into “Internet Options” and disable the “Use a proxy server for LAN” option for your internet connection to work normally again. When you wish to use tethering again, simply reconnect to the Tether-X network you created and turn back on the proxy server settings. Note: You may have to update the IP address.
Let us know if you have any questions about either methods by commenting below and we will be sure to answer them! As always, you can contact myself on Twitter for one-on-one help by clicking here (I love you guys that much).
There are now nearly one billion “Place Pins” on Pinterest, the company said in an email Monday. And with that announcement, Pinterest moves one step closer to becoming a true search engine alternative to Google.
Now, Pinterest's Place Pins aren't going to replace Google Maps anytime soon—or ever. But for users that would rather graze than pinpoint one exact spot, Place Pins are great for browsing various locales around the globe.
Place Pins are enhanced Pinterest images, better known as “pins,” with the addition of location metadata. Powered by Foursquare, you can use Place Pins to give a pin a physical address that you and other users can find on a map. Pinboards can collect arbitrary travel hotspots, like this board of world beaches, along with their physical locations recorded on a map.
A Very Pinteresting Search Dilemma
Pinterest's visual search engine is powered by millions of individuals that curate and organize its content according to what users deem most relevant. But with billions of pins, that's a ton of data—and users simply can't organize all of it alone.
Place Pins are just one of the ways Pinterest is working on surfacing that data—by tying topic-specific metadata to various pins to make them show up in more relevant searches. Thanks to Rich Pins, which appear as normal pins with auto-generated captions, Pinterest can categorize those pins into verticals for movies, recipes, articles, products and places.
Before Pinterest and other Visual Web networks came along, we generally thought of the Web as a place where text begot text—you input some text, press search, and get a bunch of relevant results, also in text form. On Pinterest, however, a text-based search leads to relevant image results—without losing any of that context in the transfer.
So far, Pinterest is trying to improve search by going vertical and providing more metadata for different types of pins, including locations. That way—ideally—searching for pins about backpacking through Europe won't result in a bunch of European-made backpacks.
See also: Why Pinterest Needs To Update Visual Search Stat
You might be thinking, “So what? Google has a visual search engine.” But what makes Pinterest unique is that it's not just a visual search engine; it's a user-curated one. That means to guarantee accurate search results, Pinterest needs to nudge users into actually using Rich Pins.
A Scheme To Get Rich Pins Quick
Pinterest's Place Pins milestone is proof that users are adopting the Rich Pin feature in droves. Keep in mind, however, Place Pins are only five months old; Foursquare and Pinterest announced the partnership in late November 2013.
The month before Place Pins was revealed, Pinterest filed a trademark infringement suit against PinTrips, a Pinterest clone built specifically for flight search. The suit was notable because Pinterest revealed in the legal complaint just how many pinners use Pinterest for travel:
“Pinterest users have posted more than 660 million PINS in Pinterest's ‘Travel' category to date. Many people use Pinterest as a travel-planning tool.”
That number is nothing to sneeze at, but it's assumed the ‘Travel' category was built up over the course of Pinterest's five-year existence. Meanwhile, Place Pins have nearly hit the one billion mark in fewer than five months of existence.
We also have some data about Article Pins, another kind of Rich Pin. Last fall, the company said five million of its daily pins included article metadata. However, Place Pins are opt-in, while article metadata attaches itself automatically when a user pins from a news site.
If one thing is certain, it's that Pinterest is not here to compete against Google. Pinterest's search weaknesses are Google's strengths, and likewise, what Google is bad at doing Pinterest is really, really good at. As co-founder Evan Sharp told ReadWrite:
“People don't think about searching ‘living room inspiration' on Google. They literally don't do that because the results don't work, and they become accustomed to not searching that. But on Pinterest that can be a really fruitful and valuable thing to search.”
In its exploration of visual search, Pinterest is attempting to meet its userbases' unique set of requirements by creating a search engine that solves different problems—or at least solves them differently. So Pinterest may never reach Google's level of popularity, but when it comes to exploring the world through search, Pinterest's plan is looking awfully good.
Photo by Kellee Gunderson
In campus clashes from California to Vermont, many defenders of the First Amendment say they see signs that free speech, once a bedrock value in academia, is losing ground as a priority at U.S. colleges.
As protests have derailed speeches by controversial figures, including an event with Ann Coulter last month at the University of California, Berkeley, some fear students have come to see the right to free expression less than an enshrined measure of protection for all voices and more as a political weapon used against them by provocateurs.
“I think minority groups and those who feel alienated are especially skeptical about free speech these days,” said Jeffrey Herbst, leader of the Newseum, a Washington group that defends the First Amendment. “But the powerful can get their message across any number of ways. It's those who feel powerless or alienated who really benefit from enshrined rights.”
On Wednesday, students at the historically black Bethune-Cookman University in Florida tried to shout down a commencement address by Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, who said during her speech, “Let's choose to hear one another out.” Students and alumni had previously petitioned to rescind her invitation, saying she doesn't understand the importance of historically black schools.
While some cast the debate as a political battle, pitting protesters on the left against conservative speakers on the right, First Amendment advocates warn the line marking acceptable speech could slip if more college students adopt less-than-absolute views on free speech.
When UC Berkeley canceled Coulter's April 27 speech amid threats of violence, it was only the latest example of a speaker with controversial views being blocked from talking. Since the beginning of 2016, nearly 30 campus speeches have been derailed amid controversy, according to the Foundation For Individual Rights In Education.
In many cases , speakers have been targeted for their views on race and sexual identity.
At Middlebury College in Vermont, author Charles Murray was shouted down by students who accused him of espousing racist views. An event featuring Milo Yiannopoulos at Berkeley was called off after protests over his views on race and transgender people turned violent.
In the past year, other speeches have been disrupted or canceled amid student protests at the University of Wisconsin, UC Davis, Brown University, New York University and DePaul University, among others.
Today's students have developed a new understanding of free speech that doesn't protect language seen as offensive to minorities or others thought to be disenfranchised, said Herbst, also a former president of Colgate University, a liberal arts school in Hamilton, New York.
He sees it as a generational divide, a notion that's supported by some polling data. A 2015 survey by the Pew Research Center, for example, found that 40 percent of people ages 18 to 34 supported government censorship of statements offensive to minorities. Only 24 percent of people ages 51 to 69 agreed.
The literary group PEN America has also warned free speech is being threatened at colleges.
As students and administrators strive to make campuses more hospitable to diverse student bodies, some have wrongly silenced speech that makes certain students feel uncomfortable, said Suzanne Nossel, the group's director.
“The university has dual imperatives. It has to be a place that is welcoming and open to students of all backgrounds, cognizant of the barriers that impede students from marginalized groups,” she said. “But that cannot and must not come at the expense of being an open environment for speech.”
The events at Berkeley and Middlebury have drawn scorn from observers across the political spectrum, including some founders of the free speech movement that took root at Berkeley in the 1960s. Jack Weinberg, who was arrested on campus in 1964 for violating school codes on activism and sparked a wave of protests to change them, said he found “the whole thing despicable.”
“When you suppress ideas, you also increase interest in those ideas,” Weinberg said. “It's understandable that people want to stop it, but it doesn't work.”
Still, some students don't see a problem with disrupting provocative speakers. Some say they're simply invoking their own First Amendment rights, while others say they're appealing to higher principles that take priority over free expression.
“If your goal is to come onto university campuses and put communities at risk, and your goal is to bash and spew hateful, racist rhetoric, then we don't want that,” said Richard Alvarado, a junior at Berkeley who protested both recent speeches. “We as a community have a moral obligation to hold you accountable for it.”
Colleges need to take a harder stance against students who disrupt speeches, some say. Republican lawmakers in Wisconsin are pushing a bill that would force state universities to suspend or expel students who repeatedly interfere with others' free speech. Similar legislation was recently approved in Virginia and Colorado, and is being considered in California, Michigan and North Carolina. The bills are modeled after a proposal by the Goldwater Institute, a conservative think tank in Arizona.
Others are calling for colleges to adopt stronger policies in support of free expression, and for primary schools to bolster lessons on the First Amendment.
“We are seeing things on an all-too-regular basis which would have been unthinkable just a few years ago,” said Floyd Abrams, a prominent First Amendment attorney in New York City. “One can only hope that tempers will cool and people will come to accept the virtues of living in a society where even offensive speech is fully protected by the First Amendment.”
Source: WashingtonPost. We have added section headings, information, and/or comments for clarity.
Joel Embiid's entry into the 2014 draft isn't a certainty, according to a report by ESPN's Dana O'Neil. The 7-foot center has been a consensus top-five pick all year, and recently rose to the number one overall spot on ESPN Insider Chad Ford's Big Board [subscription only]. Despite performing at a high level and gaining momentum with scouts, the Cameroonian says he isn't sure this will be his last season with Kansas.
“I don't know if I feel like I'm ready for all of this,” Embiid is quoted as saying, acknowledging his inability to drive a car, eat well, and other elements that go along with the pro game. His hesitancy is not just based on life practicalities, either. He has studied other skilled big men that have thrived in the league, concluding: “All of the great big men went to college at least two or three years. I think it's a big factor. I don't know if it will always work, but I think it's the best choice.”
Embiid is averaging 11 points, 7.6 rebounds, and 2.9 blocks in his freshman year. The report of his uncertainty comes on the heals of the news that NBA executives are increasingly expecting fellow top-5 projected prospect Jabari Parker to stay at Duke another year as well.
Image zoom Tom Schierlitz
Ingredients
1 tablespoon olive oil
4 6-ounce pieces salmon fillet
¼ cup fresh lime juice
kosher salt and black pepper
1 lemon, cut into wedges
heavy-duty foil
Steps
Grease the shiny side of two 12-inch squares of heavy-duty foil with the oil. Place 2 pieces of fish side by side on each square. Fold up the outer edges of the foil (to contain any liquid) and drizzle the fish with the lime juice. Season with salt and pepper. Fold the foil closed to form 2 airtight packets. (To test the seal, press down on a packet gently with your hand. If air escapes easily, rewrap.) Place the packets in the top rack of the dishwasher. Run a normal cycle. Remove the fish from the foil and serve with the lemon wedges. Serves 4
Richard Vergili, a food-safety instructor at the Culinary Institute of America, in New York City, says that as long as a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the fish reads 145° F, it's safe to eat―and probably pretty moist.Looking for more "typical" salmon recipes? See 37 Ways to Serve Salmon.
“Did you know your government is partially closed?” said the leathery Mitt Romney look-alike who co-hosts “Happening Now,” the perky midday program on Fox News Channel. (OK, his name is actually Jon Scott.) Fox News knows this fact, but Fox News does not know exactly what to say or do about it. Indeed, if you choose to read the tea leaves this way, the evident discomfort in Fox's Tuesday news coverage of the shutdown feels like a clear sign of rupture and weakening resolve within the conservative movement.
Scott and co-host Jenna Lee – who used to co-host a Fox Business Network show called “Money for Breakfast” – made a number of nervous jokes about the fact that the sun had indeed come up this morning, and that it was a beautiful fall day up and down the Eastern seaboard. Someone, somewhere, has already made the argument that this means the Almighty approves of the shutdown, but the Fox hosts left us to infer that. National Review's always-entertaining Jonah Goldberg, who doesn't actually think the shutdown was a good idea, explained that it fell well short of the anarcho-apocalypse apparently predicted by liberals (though I don't know whom). He was calling in from St. Paul, Minn., for some reason, and announced: “I kept expecting roving bands of marauders to surround my hotel! It's not like people are fighting like cats and dogs and drinking puddle water.”
Advertisement:
Indeed, the conclusion that “Happening Now” kept circling around and nibbling at, throughout the midday programming bloc that led up to Benjamin Netanyahu's United Nations address and Obama's Rose Garden speech, was this: Of course Obamacare is terrible and the president is being intransigent by refusing to “negotiate” with the GOP's Tantrum Coalition and the media is “wildly biased” against the Republicans and so forth. But the shutdown is both a strategic mistake and a tactical error, certain to fail in the near term and likely to have bad political consequences for the Republican Party into the future.
Mind you, one could feel the channel's producers trying to pivot away from the shutdown and distract the viewership with something else, almost anything else – Iran's alleged nukes, random New York City crime stories, the new trial of sex-slaying suspect Amanda Knox – only to come creeping back every few minutes, like a child picking at an especially itchy scab. Several commentators, including Jamie Weinstein of the Daily Caller and Goldberg -- who unites the roles of right-wing intellectual and rodeo clown like no one else -- protested that the day's real story ought to be the “glitches” involved in today's rollout of the 50 different Obamacare insurance-exchange websites. They argued that the shutdown was overshadowing those burning issues. (Because most of the time the Internet is so free of problems, I guess.) Everyone carefully avoided the obvious point – made by Obama later in the day – which was that the overloaded Web servers and 404 pages on the insurance sites reflected enormous demand for what they were offering.
Even Karl Rove, whose role as a Fox commentator is always to make the most demented and chaotic Republican strategy look brilliant, found himself pinned on the horns of a dilemma. Rove has never believed that the shutdown was a good idea, and his command of basic political arithmetic is such that he was prepared to avoid a big showdown on Obamacare and move on to other battles. But Rove also cannot afford to be perceived as a left-wing deviationist within the Republican Party; Tea Partyers already view him as ideologically impure and untrustworthy (as well they should). So on Tuesday morning he had to argue that the Affordable Care Act would be a “disaster” for Obama's legacy, one that would drive up unemployment and healthcare costs while expanding the budget deficit to unimagined heights, while grumpily agreeing that “Republicans are gonna get blamed more than Democrats” for this week's shutdown.
Nina Easton of Fortune, who arguably represents the big-money interests behind the Republican Party more reliably than any other Beltway journalist, was nothing short of withering. “This is great for the Democrats,” she said. Republicans who think that certain details of the shutdown – convincing red-state Democrats to register pro-Obamacare votes, and so on – will redound to their benefit in 2014 are deluding themselves, she said. “It hurts the overall Republican brand. If this spills further into the debt-ceiling issue, if the markets respond badly and the economy starts tanking, that's a very dangerous situation for the Republican Party.”
After Obama's Rose Garden speech, Fox senior commentator Brit Hume, another seasoned spokesman for what used to be the GOP mainstream, laid into the House Republican strategy with ill-concealed vitriol. The Republican Party was as badly divided as he had ever seen it in his many decades in Washington, Hume said, and the zealots who had engineered the shutdown insisted on characterizing those who disagreed with them on tactical grounds as traitors. While Obama's speech was "tendentious" and misleading as to the benefits of the healthcare law, Hume bitterly continued, it had also been highly effective. Democrats appeared united and the president commanded a bully pulpit, Hume went on; as with the Newt Gingrich shutdown of 1996, this would not end well for the Republican side.
Although Jonah Goldberg paid lip service to the idea that President Obama is somehow responsible for the shutdown by “hewing to an ideological hard line” – that is, by refusing to abandon a legitimately enacted law that the opposition doesn't have the votes to repeal – he went on to say that the House GOP's shutdown strategy was “flawed from the beginning.” Metaphors growing more alarming by the second, Goldberg suggested that when taking a hostage, you have to take one “that the other side doesn't want shot.” Obama and Harry Reid, he said, had calculated that a government shutdown would hurt Republicans and help Democrats, and they were right. So it was all the liberals' fault, and likely to end in "the fight scene from 'Anchorman'" -- but the liberals were going to win. And somehow those roving bands of Vikings fans are going to force Jonah to drink puddle water.
18-year-old swimmer drowns at Sauvie Island Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Authorities are searching for a missing swimmer in the Columbia River, Aug. 2, 2017. (KOIN) [ + - ] Video
Cole Miller and KOIN 6 News Staff - PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) -- Authorities recovered the body of the 18-year-old swimmer who went missing in the Columbia River Wednesday night around 9 p.m.
Crews were searching for Jonathan James Walker off Sauvie Island at Walton Beach, but it quickly turned into a recovery, according to Oregon State Police.
OSP Senior Trooper Kevin Peterson said they received a call about a missing swimmer around 5:30 p.m.
Peterson said when they arrived witnesses told them the swimmer had gone under and not been seen for 15 minutes.
None of the 6 people on the boat were wearing life jackets, but the boat did have them on board. Walker went under after he jumped off the boat to swim to shore, which was about 30 feet away.
Peterson said, "Even though it's hot, the water is still cold, the current is still strong. If you have any question of your swimming abilities, it's always the best just to have a life jacket."
One friend tried to save the 18-year-old, but was unable to.
A toxicology report later showed that Walker had no ethanol or acetone in his body -- ruling out alcohol as a contributing factor in his death.
Lady Gaga says that she saw Prince Charles ‘shapeshift' into a reptilian in front of her many times after telling senior staff that the next King Of England ‘is not human'.
The pop star said that he had switched between human form and that of an 8-foot-tall reptile on multiple occasions when she met him in private at the recent Royal Variety Performance in London on Dec. 7, and continued to flash between the two forms throughout her performance at the star-studded event, as a way to ‘keep her in line', in the bizarre claims.
______
WALES – Lady Gaga: Prince Charles ‘Is a Reptilian Shapeshifter'
This isn't the first time someone has claimed to have witnessed a Royal shapeshift, as Twitter was awash with tweets from people who claimed to have witnessed The Queen shapeshift at her 90th birthday celebration in the summer.
YNW reports: Lady Gaga met Prince Charles at the Royal Variety Performance in London on Dec. 7 and was criticized in some quarters of the tabloid press for failing to observe royal etiquette in the presence of the heir to the throne.It has now been revealed that Lady Gaga avoided Prince Charles after he shapeshifted during a brief introduction.“
Prince Charles was eight foot tall, with yellow eyes that flicker, and scaly skin the color of an iguana.”The Prince of Wales shapeshifted between this state and human form “two or three times” after introducing himself to her.
She claims she also saw him shapeshift in the audience while she performed her song A Million Reasons.“His face in the crowd flashed between human and reptile. I could see his reptile teeth glistening in the light from the other side of the room.”
Lady Gaga told staff and close associates that she believes he shapeshifted after their introduction and during her performance as a show of strength and a warning not to mess with the dominant reptilian-Illuminati bloodline of which he is a high priest.
Lady Gaga's first-hand experiences with the reptilian-Illuminati chime with my own research and second-hand accounts.I have dedicated the last five years to researching the elusive, tyrannical powers that rule our world, travelling to over 80 countries, and it never ceases to amaze me how many people from very different walks of life have told me stories about seeing ‘people' briefly turn into reptilians before their very eyes.I've been told this by American cable news anchors, Ethiopian goatherds, and Australian Aboriginals, just to name a few.
A Danish taxi driver described driving past a group of VIP guests at the 2014 Bilderberg meeting in Copenhagen and seeing some of their faces turn reptilian and some of their hands and feet take on a reptilian look.In Peru a respected psychic told me she sees powerful politicians, like Obama, Angela Merkel and Justin Trudeau, turn into reptiles whenever she watches an international news channel.
The world's ruling class have tyrannical control over the mainstream media, as well as our food, water, and air supply, and they are actively dumbing down the masses.The evidence against them, ancient and modern, is enormous and continuing to grow.
___
Who is Prince Charles
(Wikipedia) – Charles, Prince of Wales (Charles Philip Arthur George born 14 November 1948), is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II. Known alternatively in South West England as Duke of Cornwall and in Scotland as Duke of Rothesay, he is the longest-serving heir apparent in British history, having held the position since 1952. He is also the oldest person to be next in line to the throne since Sophia of Hanover (the heir presumptive to Queen Anne), who died in 1714 at the age of 83.
Charles was born at Buckingham Palace as the first grandchild of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth. He was educated at Cheam and Gordonstoun Schools, which his father, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, had attended as a child, as well as the Timbertop campus of Geelong Grammar School in Victoria, Australia. After earning a bachelor of arts degree from Trinity College, Cambridge, Charles served in the Royal Navy from 1971 to 1976.
In 1981, he married Lady Diana Spencer and they had two sons: Prince William (born 1982) later to become Duke of Cambridge, and Prince Harry (born 1984). In 1996, the couple divorced, following well-publicised extramarital affairs. Diana died in a car crash in Paris the following year. In 2005, Charles married Camilla Parker Bowles.
Charles's interests encompass a range of humanitarian and social issues: he founded The Prince's Trust in 1976, sponsors The Prince's Charities, and is patron of numerous other charitable and arts organisations. Charles has long championed organic farming for which he established the Duchy Home Farm, run by the Duchy of Cornwall, which produces ingredients for the Duchy Originals brand which he founded in 1990. Charles has sought to raise world awareness of the dangers facing the natural environment, such as climate change.
As an environmentalist, he has received numerous awards and recognition from environmental groups around the world. His support for alternative medicine, including homeopathy, has been criticised by some in the medical community.
He has been outspoken on the role of architecture in society and the conservation of historic buildings. Subsequently, Charles created Poundbury, an experimental new town based on his theories, in Dorset in 1993. He has authored a number of books, including A Vision of Britain: A Personal View of Architecture in 1989 and the children's book The Old Man of Lochnagar in 1980.
57.0117715 -3.7556947
2.6k ON SHARES Share Tweet
Fire Emblem: Awakening's Funny Romantic Pairings And Extensive Support System
By Laura . January 18, 2013 . 1:50pm
As the recent trailer and demo showed, there is an extensive support system in Fire Emblem: Awakening. Placing an ally next to another in battle often offers stat bonuses, and sometimes they will even attack with you or block enemy attacks for you. The higher the affinity between the two, the more bonuses and the higher the chance of the extra actions occurring.
What they don't demonstrate is the full extent of the support system and how much fun it is to read through all the involved dialogue.
Affinity can be raised by viewing support conversations, which are viewed from the world map menu. While I've only played one other Fire Emblem game in the past, I don't recall the conversations being as funny as they are in Awakening. Frankly, all of the support dialogue is hilarious. What's more, you can view which characters are compatible with others in the menu, so you can plan out which conversations you want to try to get.
Also, from the world map main menu, you can access the Barracks. When you do so, you see a view of an empty room with a table, but if you choose to “Listen In” (because you or your Tactician is apparently an avid eavesdropper), you can hear random snippets of monologue from one character or from two talking to each other. After listening to each of these, you'll get bonus EXP, temporary stat increases in the next battle, items, and (when there are two characters present) increased affinity.
As an aside, from the Extras menu there's also an option called Hubba Tester, which you can use to view humorous pairing statuses for any two characters you've recruited.
Responses range from “Friend zoned” to “Loves to go shopping” to “Lost in pheromones”. Old Hubba, the man doing the fortune-telling, also comments on each pair. For example, if you look at the relationship between Chrom and his sister, Lissa, and get something romantically suggestive, Old Hubba says, “Oh, the questions this raises…”
(None of what he says is serious, so don't go thinking scandalous things!)
In addition to these humorous pairings, Fire Emblem: Awakening also has a marriage system, which we'll discuss in a future report.
Ban fossil fuel, draw the line
Before we build, one more pipeline.
– Neil Young
, Canadian rocker dude most likely to be invited to the White House.
In a way, its almost a point of pride that the first veto issued by president Barack Obama under the new Republican-controlled Congress – only the third veto of his presidency – was dedicated to the Keystone XL pipeline. Countries around the world jockey for the President's attention, and he decided to save his first rebuke for us!
The chance to veto the pipeline finally landed on the president's desk on Tuesday, when Congress sent him a bill authorizing the $8 billion project. He had 10 days to either sign it or kill it,and a variety of options. He could hold off on making a decision just like he's waited six years without making up his mind on the pipeline itself, or he could delay until the last minute, then whip out his pen and scratch a big ‘X' across the front of the thing, and add a frowny-face next to it, just for added measure. ☹
Or could pretend to sign his name, then … just when executives at TransCanada were getting all excited … toss the pen in the waste basket and announce he had no intention of completing the signature. Then march off, cackling, to fetch his golf clubs. He golfed away the weekend when Russia was comprehensively violating the ceasefire in Ukraine, after all, so why should he stick around for a stupid veto of a Canadian pipeline?
[np_storybar title=”Obama's veto of Keystone XL bill is a slap in Canada's face” link=”https://www.google.ca/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&ion=1&espv=2&ie=UTF-8#q=syria%20obama%20red%20line”%5D
U.S. President Barack Obama made good Tuesday on his threat to veto a bill to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, maintaining under his full control the final decision on the Canadian project's future.
His office downplayed the gesture, only the third veto of his presidency.
There was to be no “drama or fanfare around it,” said White House press secretary Josh Earnest.
It's “certainly possible” that Obama will approve the pipeline once a State Department review of the project is completed, he added, though he gave no deadline for a decision.[/np_storybar]
If that sounds a bit silly, it matches the daffiness in which the Keystone project is mired. A straightforward project that would ship oil from Alberta to the U.S. gulf coast has been turned into a test of wills, pitting the President against Congress, the findings of his own State Department, many members of his own party and majority opinion among American voters. How stubborn can the president be? You really wanna know? We'll show you stubborn, buddy.
The pipeline itself has become almost redundant. The price of oil has collapsed. Far more is being produced than is needed. Even before the collapse, the surge in U.S. production undermined the claim that Canada's oil was an essential contributor to U.S. security of supply. Oil is now so plentiful and so cheap that hundreds of U.S. rigs have been taken out of service. Why build a multi-billion-dollar pipeline the length of the country when domestic drillers are shutting down at a record rate?
The glut won't last forever, of course, but long-term thinking is not a known characteristic of politicians. Mr. Obama and his opponents in the Republican party are far more interested in short-term advantage. Mr. Obama wants to demonstrate his environmental bona fides before it's too late. He only has two more years as president, and his record on green issues is thin at best. Lots of talk, but not much in the way of accomplishments. And, confronted by a hostile Congress, there's not much chance it will improve before 2016. By blocking Keystone he can score easy points with the green faction within the Democratic party, at no substantial cost. Sure, the Canadians will be miffed, but who cares about friends and allies? During his six years in office Mr. Obama has amply demonstrated his view that foreign affairs are largely an annoyance. If he can't get energized about the Russians, Libyans or the Iranians, he's certainly not going to get energized about Canadians (who are far more polite and much less threatening.)
The Republicans are mainly interested in painting the president as an arrogant, elitist, out-of-touch academic, so cozy among his wealthy Hollywood friends that he can't hear the wails of struggling everyday Americans. “Since 2009, liberal extremists have used the project as an environmental litmus test for the president. And he has repeatedly aimed to please,” wrote Republican leaders John Boehner and Mitch McConnell in a joint op-ed in USA Today. They say the pipeline would support 42,000 jobs. Who wins with a veto? “Bureaucrats, extremist environmentalists and the Chinese.”
Mr. Obama scoffs at those claims. He says there would be few if any new jobs involved. Asked about the pipeline at a meeting of governors this week, he responded bluntly, “not gonna happen.”
Maybe it will, maybe it won't. If TransCanada has been willing to hang in this long – more than 2,300 days since it filed its permit application – will it let something as ephemeral as a veto discourage it? The cost has already doubled and demand collapsed, how much worse could it get?
We can only wait and see. “The President is sadly mistaken if he thinks vetoing this bill will end this fight,” Mssrs. Boehner and McConnell wrote. “Far from it. We are just getting started.”
Oil gluts and presidents come and go. Partisan bickering goes on forever.
National Post
Hodgson: Elected officials of 'sanctuary cities' should be arrested Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved Video
WASHINGTON, D.C. (WPRI) -- Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson has taken his fight against sanctuary cities to the nation's capitol.
Hodgson testified in Washington on Tuesday before the House Judiciary Subcommittee on immigration. He called 'sanctuary cities' a danger.
The sheriff told lawmakers that the mayors of these cities are breaking the law and should therefore be arrested.
"These officials pledge not to work with, cooperate or even communicate with federal immigration enforcement. As a result, these 'safe zones' have become magnets for illegal aliens, some of which have violent criminal records. If these sanctuary cities are going to harbor and conceal criminal illegal aliens from ICE, which is in direct violate of Title 8 of the US Code, federal arrest warrants should be issued for their elected officials," said Hodgson in Washington on Tuesday.
Earlier this year, Sheriff Hodgson signed a deal with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Under the agreement, officers from the Sheriff's Department will be trained to conduct immigration screenings on inmates, the same as ICE agents. Hodgson has also pitched support from Bristol County inmates to help build President Donald Trump's wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
On Wednesday, Sheriff Hodgson is scheduled to meet with U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions. On Monday, Sessions announced he will withhold federal grant money to sanctuary cities in an effort to get them to cooperate with federal immigration laws.
By Anupum Pant
Sun's Energy
Sun is an huge fusion reactor. Every second it produces enough energy that could power the US for 9 million years. But from the perspective of people living on earth, most of it radiates into the space and gets ‘wasted'. Still by using even the part of energy that is received by us, a solar death ray that melts steel can be built.
Earth is only a fraction of the size of sun. In comparison, sun is so mind-boggling-ly big that I bet you can't manually scroll this page from Sun, all the way to earth (and this is a heavily scaled down version of our Solar System). In short, earth is so small that it receives a microscopic fraction of the energy radiated out by the sun.
Technically: The total flux received by earth is about 343 Watt per meter squared. On the way to earth's surface, 30% of these gets scattered by the atmosphere and 19% of it is absorbed by the clouds. So, out of 343, only 51 percent reaches the surface. Which is calculated to be about 175 Watt per meter squared. Which is a very small part of the energy that sun gives out. [Source]
And yet, sunlight received by earth has by far has the highest theoretical potential of the earth's renewable energy sources.
Harnessing this energy
For humans, it is possible to directly harness this energy broadly in two ways – heat or electricity (photoelectric effect). We are interested in only the heat part here. To demonstrate the kind of heat that can be generated by focusing 2 meter square worth of this energy to a single point, watch how this equipment can melt steel in seconds (The melting point of steel is around 1500 degree centigrade).
Making at home
Building something similar at home is fairly easy as far as the concept is concerned. But the process can be very tedious. I found three interesting ways in which this can be done at home.
1. Using a satellite dish: A satellite dish is parabolic and is designed to focus signal to a single point. Instead of signal, you could use it to focus light (sun rays). To use an old dish for making a solar death ray, all you'll have to do is stick 5,800 tiny pieces of mirrors on its surface, like Eric Jacqmain did. – [Source]
2. Use a projection TV: A projection TV has a huge Fresnel lens in front of it. It is kind of a convex lens that is flat. If you can find an old projection TV, you could use the screen to make a solar death ray like Grant Thompson did.
3. Using water: Another creative way could be to use water. By combining the power of gravity and stretching plastic, you could turn clear water into a parabolic lens like this [Video]. Although I don't think something like this could be efficient enough to melt steel. It could still be used as an outdoor machine to cook breakfast.
EDIT: Why isn't there a comments section?
First I forgot to add this and remembered only when a reader pointed it out. I promised in my yesterday's post, that i'd tell you the reason behind a missing comments section on this blog. Here it goes…
I use a theme built by Leo Babauta (see FAQ) and am a fan of his teachings. It [the theme] has an inbuilt comment section but Leo doesn't use comments on his blog. For me to not use it too, there are 3 reasons:
I'm a fan of Leo Babauta and try to emulate his ways in my life. (not perfectly) I want to create a pure reading experience for the reader (now ads, which hinder the pure reading experience, are for experiment only). People who really like to interact usually mail me. And it is a much more enriching experience. Unlike every other blogger, comments have a great effect on me. This in turn affects my ability to write. For instance, comments which appreciate, seem flattering to me. As a result, I become complacent. If they are critical, I get concerned about my writing abilities. There are hardly any neutral comments. I'd like to focus my energy on writing than arguing on the internet.
I do have plans to include it in the future. It is just that I'm not sure when I'll do it. Probably when I change my theme, I'll do that.
Share the Knowledge
Tweet
by
No detective can solve a crime without carefully and objectively studying the evidence. Likewise, no one can know what actually occurred in history without studying, in an objective manner, the relevant primary sources – the evidence. I have spent decades in studying the primary sources concerning many specific events of the Stalin period. Mark Tauger has studied the primary sources on Soviet agriculture for more than 25 years.
Louis Proyect has not done this. Consequently he has no chance of discovering the truth, or of recognizing it when he sees it. He is inevitably doomed to “believe” whatever fits his preconceived ideological bias, and to reject everything else. This is fatal to any attempt to learn what really happened.
Louis Proyect's attack on me and on Mark Tauger (“What Caused the Holodomor?” Cp March 24, 1971) is ideology masquerading as history. It is replete with falsehoods. I'll concentrate on the lies Proyect tells about me and my research. I hope that Mark Tauger will respond to Proyect's ignorant accusations against his research.
Proyect begins his article by stating: “Furr's political life revolves around celebrating Stalin's greatest achievements—such as they were.” This is false. My goal is not to “celebrate” Stalin, or anyone or anything. In my research I aim to discover the truth about Soviet history of the 1930s, using the best primary-source evidence and maintaining scrupulous objectivity.
I agree with historian Geoffrey Roberts when he says:
In the last 15 years or so an enormous amount of new material on Stalin … has become available from Russian archives. I should make clear that as a historian I have a strong orientation to telling the truth about the past, no matter how uncomfortable or unpalatable the conclusions may be. … I don't think there is a dilemma: you just tell the truth as you see it. (“Stalin's Wars”, Frontpagemag.com February 12, 2007. At http://hnn.us/roundup/entries/35305.html )
The common or “mainstream” view of Stalin as a bloodthirsty tyrant is a product of two sources: Trotsky's writings of the 1930s and Nikita Khrushchev's “Secret Speech” to the XX Party Congress in February, 1956. This canonical history of the Stalin period – the version we have all learned — is completely false. We can see this now thanks mainly to two sets of archival discoveries: the gradual publication of thousands of archival documents from formerly secret Soviet archives since the end of the USSR in 1991; and the opening of the Leon Trotsky Archive at Harvard in 1980 and, secondarily, of the Trotsky Archive at the Hoover Institution (from where I have just returned).
Khrushchev Lied
In its impact on world history Khrushchev's “Secret Speech” is the most influential speech of the 20th century. In it Khrushchev painted Stalin as a bloodthirsty tyrant guilty of a reign of terror lasting more than two decades.
After the 22nd Party Congress of 1961, where Khrushchev and his men attacked Stalin with even more venom, many Soviet historians elaborated Khrushchev's lies. These falsehoods were repeated by Cold War anticommunists like Robert Conquest. They also entered “left” discourse through the works of Trotskyists and anarchists and of “pro-Moscow” communists.
Khrushchev's lies were amplified during Mikhail Gorbachev's and Boris Eltsin's time by professional Soviet, then Russian, historians. Gorbachev orchestrated an avalanche of anticommunist falsehoods that provided the ideological smokescreen for the return to exploitative practices within the USSR and ultimately for the abandonment of socialist reforms and a return to predatory capitalism.
During 2005-2006 I researched and wrote the book Khrushchev Lied. In my book I identify 61 accusations that Khrushchev made against either Stalin or, in a few cases, Beria. I then studied each one of them in the light of evidence available from former Soviet archives. To my own surprise I found that 60 of the 61 accusations are provably, demonstrably false.
The fact that Khrushchev could falsify everything and get away with it for over 50 years suggests that we should look carefully at other supposed “crimes” of Stalin and of the USSR during his time.
Trotsky's ‘Amalgams'
From 1980 till the early 1990s Pierre Broué, the foremost Trotskyist historian of his day, and Arch Getty, a prominent American expert in Soviet history, discovered that Trotsky had lied, repeatedly and about many issues, in his public statements and writings in the 1930s. In my book Trotsky's ‘Amalgams' (2015) I discussed the implications of these lies by Trotsky and of some additional lies of his that I discovered myself. They completely invalidate the “Dewey Commission,” to whom Trotsky lied shamelessly and repeatedly, as well as Trotsky's denials in the Red Book and elsewhere of the charges leveled against him in the First and Second Moscow Trials.
Challenging the “Anti-Stalin Paradigm”
I have not reached these conclusions out of any desire to “apologize” for – let alone “celebrate” — the policies of Stalin or the Soviet government. I believe these to be the only objective conclusions possible based on the available evidence.
The conclusions I have reached about the history of the Soviet Union during the Stalin period are unacceptable to people who, like Proyect, are motivated by prior ideological commitments rather than by a determination to discover the truth “and let the chips fall where they will.”
The “anti-Stalin paradigm” is hegemonic in the field of Soviet history, where it is literally “taboo” to question, let alone disprove as I do, the Trotsky-Khrushchev-Cold War falsehoods about Stalin and the Stalin period. Those in this field who do not cut their research to fit the Procrustean bed of the “anti-Stalin paradigm” will find it hard if not impossible to publish in “mainstream” journals and by academic publishers. I am fortunate: I teach English literature and do not need to publish in these “authoritative” but ideologically compromised vehicles.
Those who, like Proyect, are motivated not to discover the truth but to shore up their ideological prejudices think that everybody must be doing likewise. Therefore Proyect argues not from evidence, but by guilt by association, name-dropping, insult, and lies.
A few examples:
Guilt by association: Proyect claims that I am “like” Roland Boer, Roger Annis, and Sigizmund Mironin.
Name-dropping: Davies and Wheatcroft are well-known and disagree with Tauger, so – somehow – they are “the most authoritative,” “right” while Tauger is “wrong.”
Insult: Tauger is complicit in “turning a victim into a criminal.”
Proyect: “…it seems reasonable that Stalin was forced to unleash a brutal repression in the early 30s to prevent Hitler from invading Russia—or something like that.” In reality neither I nor Tauger say anything of the kind.
Lies: Proyect quotes a passage from Tauger's research about the Irish potato famine and then accuses Tauger of wanting to exculpate the British:
“The British government responsible? No, we can't have that.”
But the very next sentence in Tauger's article reads:
“Without denying that the British government mishandled the crisis…”
Proyect is a prisoner of the historical paradigm that controls his view of Soviet history. A few examples:
* Proyect persists in using the term “Holodomor.” He does not inform Cp readers that Davies and Wheatcroft, whose work he recommends, reject both the term “Holodomor” and the concept in the very book Proyect recommends!
* Proyect: “…no matter that Lenin called for his [Stalin's] removal from party leadership from his death-bed.”
But, thanks to careful research by Valentin Sakharov of Moscow State University, even “mainstream” researchers know that this note, like “Lenin's Testament,” is probably a forgery:
There is no stenographic original of the “Ilich letter about the [general] secretary.” In the journal of Lenin's activities kept by the secretarial staff there is no mention of any such “Ilich letter.” … not a single source corroborates the content of the January 4 dictation. Also curious is the fact that Zinoviev had not been made privy to the “Ilich letter about the [general] secretary” in late May, along with the evaluations of six regime personnel. The new typescript emerged only in June. (Stephen Kotkin, Stalin 505)
* Proyect: “Largely because of his bureaucratic control and the rapid influx of self-seeking elements into the party, Stalin could crush the opposition…”
However, in his 1973 work Bukharin and the Bolshevik Revolution Stephen Cohen wrote:
But machine politics alone did not account for Stalin's triumph. … within this select oligarchy, Stalin's bureaucratic power was considerably less imposing…. By April 1929, these influentials had chosen Stalin and formed his essential majority in the high leadership. They did so, it seems clear, less because of his bureaucratic power than because they preferred his leadership and politics. (327)
* Proyect: “Stalin's forced march did not discriminate between rich and poor peasants.”
But in 1983 James Mace, a champion of the Ukrainian Nationalist fascist collaborators, wrote about the role of “committees of poor peasants,” komitety nezamozhnykh selian, in supporting collectivization. There is much other evidence of peasant support for collectivization.
Conclusion
Correctly understood, history is the attempt to use well-known methods of primary-source research in an objective manner, in order to arrive at accurate – truthful — statements about the past. Very often the result is disillusioning to those who cling to false ideological constructs, even when those constructs constitute the “mainstream” of politicized historiography.
No one who does not try to discover the truth and then tell it without fear or favor, is worthy to be called a historian, regardless of how famous, honored, or “authoritative” he or she may appear to be.
Distortions and lies about Soviet history of the Stalin period predominate everywhere, including Ukraine, Russia, and in the West. These lies mainly consist in repeating Trotskyist and Khrushchevite lies, in defiance or in willful ignorance of the primary-source evidence now available.
The newly-available evidence from archival sources necessitates a complete rewriting of Soviet history of the Stalin period and a complete revision of Stalin's own role. This exciting yet demanding prospect is of great importance to all who wish to learn from the errors, as well as from the successes, of the Bolsheviks, the pioneers of the communist movement of the 20th century.
Notes
Information about my published books, in all languages, is on my Home Page. There too you can find links to all of my published articles, some in Russian only, on Soviet history.
In this review I will be comparing some of this game's components to Monster Hunter quite a bit as it is similar (not a clone) but something I can address several issues with and have a means of comparison for the readers like Raisin Bran between differing brands. Witcher 2, Uncharted Golden Abyss, Chrono Trigger, Dark Souls, and even Secret of Evermore will also be present to compare other individual components of the game.
Story: 3/5
The story is pretty interesting for some things but overly contrived at some and easily skippable since you really cannot alter it so trying to sense for emotion in the story to change decisions is meaningless for any character development. It is told through a book named Librom and you are in fact free to end the game at any point you desire by challenging Magusar either at the moment you start playing or any time thereafter similar to Chrono Trigger's final boss showdown but with only two endings. It takes place in a world where wizards must save or sacrifice people, so one would assume you have freedom of choice. Well not exactly.
There are many parts where you are NOT allowed to do something and then punished afterwards. For instance in the beginning when you fight your friend, Sortiara, you can ONLY sacrifice her. If you save her you lose quite a bit of health, she gets back up, and starts trying to kill you again. Another part is when you and Magusar fight the Cyclops and then the game's tip comes up when Magusar get's downed by the Cyclops saying you can sacrifice him or save him. I was like, "OK," I'll kill him and then I'll become the evil Magusar and then continue the story like that or something to that extent at least. Well the quest is over and then I get a fun text saying, "YOU HAVE ALTERED THE GAMES STORY TOO MUCH YOU MUST UNDO WHAT HAS BEEN DONE." No joke, It would not allow me to proceed with the story, and then it asked me for 50 Lacrima tears. Luckily I had a bit left otherwise I would have to do side quests for an hour waiting for Librom to cry.
If the game is told through words on a page and not cut scenes couldn't they have easily made a fork in the story for these types of events? I mean the Witcher 2 has TONS of forks in its story and the cut scenes, locals, and people/allies will change DRASTICALLY depending on your choices. Chrono Trigger also has multiple forks in its story with multiple outcomes for big events even including many low/mid boss fight such as the first fight with Dalton's Golem and that's an 18 year old game. You should not be punished so severally for making a choice in the game that the game itself directs you to do. It's pretty stupid actually. How hard could it have been to change a sentence here and there?
Yes, Monster Hunter doesn't have a story but it doesn't really need to. You're a hunter hunting large prey with an end goal prize hunt. What's more to be said? If Keiji Inafune wanted a simple story which is what we get here, he should have just mimicked that and then problem solved. No, he had to mess it up with a choice based system that doesn't give you choices and punishes you for making them so in essence the whole story paradigm that's tried to be created falls in on itself worse than a neutron star.
Graphics: 3/5
Nice graphics with some low textures here and there. It's no Uncharted Golden Abyss but it looks nice for the most part. The main problem is that there isn't much to look at as each area though seems to be almost the same but with a different "skin." Every enemy has this problem. You're going to see a lot of rats and cats with different colors. Rest assured. In fact those maybe the ONLY REGULAR monster types you will EVER SEE. There is character customization but It's pretty simple and on par with Monster Hunter except Monster Hunter has a ton of different armor you can buy/craft/trade.
Music: 4/5
Nice orchestral scores and ambient noises shine the best for this game. It gets the atmosphere of the game just right. It isn't anything epic but it does its job just fine.
Game Play: 2/5
Okay so the meat and potatoes. The game is very easy and has almost no skill involved. You have no stamina bar so unlike Dark Souls or Monster Hunter feel free to run around, roll, and attack to your hears content. Spells either have a target-shoot, charge, or spam attack. Weapon spells will have charge and spam type attacks. Unlike in Monster Hunter where you can trigger unique combos by different button presses. Same for Dark Souls. There are limits to how many times you can cast a spell but refilling spell points is way too easy. Push down on the d-pad and look for glowing objects that will grant your spell points back. If you can't find any kill monsters and sacrifice them during boss battles or whenever to get more spell points.
You can sacrifice monsters or save them. Saving them grants health bonus and a bit of restore while sacrifice give power and a bit of spell points restore. This is how you level. You can also gain items too depending on what you choose. Also leveling one over the other sometimes has repercussions where you'll see something like 3+ life 1-power if you choose to save something. However you can never lose a level when sacrificing or saving, just degrade the current existing one. Sacrificing big bosses gives you a lot of power but saving them grants them as your ally and a special martyr gift.
There is crafting but not anywhere near as sophisticated as the Witcher 2, Monster Hunter, or even barely on par with Secret of Evermore (an 18 year old game) which is a little sad. In Soul Sacrifice You simply take spells and mash similar ones together to make them stronger or other elements to change their element types. Sometimes you'll get a new spell too. I can mine in monster Hunter and similarly in the Witcher 2, craft complex items for baits, lures, traps, tools, hunt, skin, farm and the list goes on and on.
Many of the spells are in fact useless unless used in coop. Such spells are elemental shields (not even used really in multiplayer) as you can just roll away, transformations, etc. Some are downright pointless such as the lure spells to attract monsters because in an area that's 20 yards in diameter and AI as dumb as a doornail that runs right into the golems I make do I really need a a lure spell? Many of the long range (anti air) attacks are far too underpowered compared to the melee ones to do any sort of damage unless you get a few certain long range spells spells. This uselessness of spells occurs even more frequently when you realize you only have 6 slots for spells and each has limited use so if you want to be able to recharge your heavy hitting spells spells from enemies you must have some other melee/long range spells and of course curative spells which leaves give or take 1-2 spots of actual creative freedom in your spell selection.
This is not an Open World like Monster Hunter, Dark Souls, Witcher 2, or even Demon's Souls with its archway portals. In Soul sacrifice you simply teleport to where the monsters are kill them all and be done with it. There is really no diversity here. In Monster Hunter I can roam around the whole Island, deserts, winter-scapes, and more. The small quarantined arenas in Soul Sacrifice are really small. Usually only 20 yards in diameter and they all look the same but with different skins. It wouldn't be so bothersome if the arena's weren't all the same circular shape with the same column, tree, etc thing in the middle.
Quests are almost all the same no scratch that they are all the same. Go to an Arena, kill every monster, rinse wash repeat. Monster hunter is very different in its quests and is non repetitive. Once in a blue a moon in Soul Sacrifice you'll get to find memories or find some random type of shard. Sometimes in Monster Hunter Ultimate you have to use a rare bait I crafted to lure the monster and then trap it with a special trap I crafted than tranq it, or mine for crystals, or farm, hunt, craft, trade, track, make/meet allies, etc. In the Witcher you have to break up discord sometimes or play a detective to break up the run of the mill fetch quests.
Online is honestly just more of the same in Soul Sacrifice where you just teleport to an arena and kill all the monsters except with one caveat. You can sacrifice teammates. When you do get sacrificed you can still play but it ends up with you tapping the boss on the screen to lower its defense or something to that extent. not terribly exciting.
Monster bosses are cool and the one redeeming thing about the gameplay. they are very unique and have unique ways of trying to defeat them. They also have weak points, but at times they are placed at such odd places on the bosses that you can only use long range. Even if you try to knock over the boss by attacking their feet these 'spots' are still out of reach most of the time. It wouldn't be a problem if the lock on didn't lock on when I don't want it to or on a random part (next paragraph for more info) instead of the weaknesses. I ended up making a golem that smacked all of them at once. However all lesser enemies are all nearly clones of each other with different skins. Green cats spew poison and yellow cats shock you. Lots of rats and cats.
Controls are a bit wonky, especially with locking on long range attacks. Once the attacks are locked on you can only fire and you cannot really redistribute the shot of the attack to the enemies weaknesses unless you unlock the target with the L button and try again. Weirdly enough this doesn't always work as I assume you must lock on all targets before "unlocking" and retrying. However, since the game automatically secures the "target points" when you move the cross hairs over any part of the monster this can be a bit of a problem. Why couldn't I just um I don't know TOUCH THE SCREEN for the lock on? Overall this part is pretty good though for the rest of the controls such as swapping spells out and melee attacking.
One last problem with spells is their casting mechanic. Once you start a spell you cannot put it away without losing the spell points. If you have a long range or short range spell out and you need to all of sudden use a health/armor/support spell you will have to manually end the spell, lose a point, and then use your healing spell. Very poor mechanic. At least earning the spell points back is easy, but still this is an annoying oversight.
Presentation: 5/5
It's nice and simple and unique. The turning of the pages and learning of the story is interesting, but sometimes menus get cluttered especially when crafting spells and can be a bit irritating, but for the most part It's very well done as you really feel like a wizard thrifting through pages to find the answers you seek and desire. Reading ever so faster. yes, it's a well done presentation.
Conclusion: Total 17/25 = 68% D+ Below average
Although it has its fun moments, its unchoreagraphed story which tells you to make choices but fails to allow you to do so is a big problem. If it is part of the story and I have no free will in the matter then don't ask me the player to make a choice when I can't and then tell me afterwards I changed the story too much and I have to pay a penalty fine. It reminds me of Die Hard on the NES where when you try to use the piece of rope to jump off the roof and the game talks back to you with John McClane saying "no thanks" if you choose to jump off. Why have it there if it's useless? Other problems are its funky controls, odd gameplay mechanics plus some useless or tactless spells, lack of diversity in enemies (4 types)/areas (2+)(all same different skins)/bosses(7+), simplistic crafting system, highly repetitious gameplay (more than most games), monotonous quests (3 types with 1 occurring 99% of the time), etc lead to It's less the than stellar rating. Had these issues been fixed prior to shipment the game would have and should have gotten easily over 80%.
All in all it's not really worth your sacrifice in cash or time but if highly repetitive and simplified gameplay with nice ambiance and forced one dimensional false choices are what you desire then this is the game for you. A glorified rental for sure but if you want a good JRPG I would recommend Persona 4 Golden.
Of all the rumors floating around about just why Pope Benedict XVI is hanging up his camauro, one has taken on a life of its own. According to several well-placed vaticanisti—or Vatican experts—in Rome, Benedict is resigning after being handed a secret red-covered dossier that included details about a network of gay priests who work inside the Vatican, but who play in secular Rome. The priests, it seems, are allegedly being blackmailed by a network of male prostitutes who worked at a sauna in Rome's Quarto Miglio district, a health spa in the city center, and a private residence once entrusted to a prominent archbishop. The evidence reportedly includes compromising photos and videos of the prelates—sometimes caught on film in drag, and, in some cases, caught “in the act.”
Revelations about the alleged network are the basis of a 300-page report supposedly delivered to Benedict on December 17 by Cardinals Julian Herranz, Joseph Tomko, and Salvatore De Giorgi. According to the press reports, it was on that day that Benedict XVI decided once and for all to retire, after toying with the idea for months. He reportedly closed the dossier and locked it away in the pontifical apartment safe to be handed to his successor to deal with. According to reports originally printed by La Repubblica newspaper and the newsweekly Panorama (and followed up across the gamut of the Italian media), the crimes the cardinals uncovered involved breaking the commandments “Thou shalt not steal” and “Thou shalt not commit adultery,” the latter of which has been used in Vatican-speak to also refer to homosexual relations instead of the traditional reference to infidelity.
The trio of cardinals who authored the report, known in the Italian press as the “007 Priests,” were commissioned by Benedict to dig into the Vatileaks scandal that rocked the Holy See last fall when the pope's butler, Paolo Gabriele, was convicted of stealing secret papal documents and leaking them to the press. The sleuthing cardinals ran a parallel investigation to the Vatican tribunal's criminal case against the butler, but theirs was far more covert and focused not on the mechanics of the leaks, but on who within the Roman Curia might be the brains behind them. And, according to the leaked reports, what the “007 Priests” found went far beyond the pope's private desk. “What's coming out is very detailed X-ray of the Roman Curia that does not spare even the closest collaborators of the Pope,” wrote respected Vatican expert Ignazio Ingrao in Panorama. “The Pope was no stranger to the intrigues, but he probably did not know that under his pontificate there was such a complex network and such intricate chains of personal interests and unmentionable relationships.”
The existence of a gay-priest network outside the fortified walls of Vatican City is hardly news, and many are wondering if it is only the tip of the proverbial iceberg of sex scandals. In 2010, investigative journalist Carmello Abbate went undercover with a hidden camera to write a shocking exposé called “Good Nights Out for Gay Priests”.
Abbate caught the priests on hidden camera dirty dancing at private parties and engaging in sex acts with male escorts on church property. He also caught them emerging from dark bedrooms just in time to celebrate mass. In one postcoital scene, a priest parades around seminaked, wearing only his clerical vestments. “This is not about homosexuality,” Abbate told The Daily Beast when he published the exposé. “This is about private vices and public virtues. This is about serious hypocrisy in the Catholic Church.”
Because so much of the secret lives of gay priests is actually not so secret thanks to Abbate's exposé and subsequent book, Sex and the Vatican, many are wondering what else could be hidden in the alleged red-covered dossier. Vatican elite have also been loosely tied to a number of other secular scandals during Benedict's tenure, including the ultra-tawdry affair between former Lazio governor Piero Marrazzo and several transvestite prostitutes, including one named “Brenda” who was found burned to death in 2009. At the time that Marrazzo's relationships with the transvestites were discovered, his driver reportedly told investigators that several high-ranking priests and even cardinals were customers of Rome's elite transsexual circuit, though no proof was ever provided and no one has ever been arrested tied to the transsexual prostitution circuit. Nor has anyone mentioned whether reference to these crimes might also be in the dossier. But Marrazzo was whisked off to the Vatican-owned Monte Cassino abbey south of Rome to do his penance, and he even wrote a letter to Vatican Secretary of State Tarciso Bertone asking for Pope Benedict XVI's forgiveness.
Whatever secrets the red binders supposedly hold will have to remain just that until the next pope is elected. But Ingrao believes its contents are so important that the dossier will be like the 118th cardinal in the conclave. “Many new skeletons from the closets of the cardinals could come out until the beginning of the conclave,” says Ingrao. “Many voters know or claim to know the secrets of their brothers, but it is already clear that the new pope who leaves the Sistine Chapel will have to be scandal-free in order to proceed with cleaning up [what] Ratzinger has left for his successor.”
MOSCOW, Jan. 3 (UPI) -- Russia aims to add 50 new warships, including nuclear submarines, to its defensive arsenal by 2016, the Defense Ministry said Thursday.
"By 2016, the combat strength of the navy will be replenished with 18 surface warships of various ranks and designation and also 30 special-purpose and counter-subversion vessels," a government statement published by state news agency RIA Novosti read. "It is also planned to put six multipurpose and strategic submarines into operation."
The Defense Ministry said the rearmament program is part of a $659 billion investment measure that would run through 2020.
"The implementation of the shipbuilding program envisages serial construction along with the introduction of new technical and modernization solutions into each subsequently built warship," the statement read.
The Kremlin this week announced plans for naval exercises in the Mediterranean and Black seas in what was billed as the largest maneuvers in decades.
The days leading up to the announcements of the Nobel Prizes as well as the aftermath are gossip heaven for us scientists. We love to speculate who will win and after the announcements, we exchange wild conspiracy theories, talk about the painful snubs and pontificate on whether or not the recipients deserve the honors. Our dark side also tends to chime in and we exhibit some Schadenfreude when the more pompous leaders in a field are snubbed and some of us also salaciously look forward to another Nobel scandal.
The announcement that John Gurdon and Shinya Yamanaka are the recipients of the 2012 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was a special treat for me. Usually, when I hear about the Physiology or Medicine Nobel Prizes, the discoveries for which the recipients are honored either occurred decades ago or were in areas of biomedical research that are not directly my area of interest.
This year's Nobel Prize was awarded to Gurdon and Yamanaka for their ground-breaking work, which showed that adult, mature cells can be reprogrammed to an immature, stem cell state. This discovery is the basis of much of the work in my own laboratory and as I write this, I know that stem cells are being cultured in my laboratory using the methods that Yamanaka developed only six years ago. When I read the paper by Takahashi and Yamanaka published in the journal Cell in 2006, I knew that I was witnessing a land-mark discovery by brilliant scientists, and many of us in the stem cell field have been expecting that Yamanaka would receive the Nobel Prize for his work, we just seemed to disagree about the year in which he would receive it.
John Gurdon's work dates back to the 1950s and 1960s, when he showed that nuclei from adult cells of the Xenopus frog could be transplanted into an enucleated egg and give rise to healthy frogs - the first example of animal cloning. Gurdon challenged the older paradigm that once a cell becomes mature, it cannot go back. His work was a conceptual revolution and many of his colleagues were initially resistant to embracing this paradigm shift. Gurdon's seminal findings gradually convinced many other scientists to embrace his ideas and he inspired numerous other scientists to attempt cloning of other animals. The mechanisms of how the reprogramming occurred remained a mystery. How could a nucleus of an adult cell suddenly activate the transcriptional program of its embryonic past simply by being transplanted into an egg cell without a nucleus?
This type of nuclear reprogramming was also rather cumbersome, especially in adult mammals. Extracting the nucleus of an adult cell and then injecting it into a single egg cell required a lot of expertise and was not ready for a widespread use in stem cell laboratories. When Yamanaka published a method nearly 50 years later in which the reprogramming to the embryonic-like state could be initiated by merely implanting four genetic regulators into an adult mouse cell, the idea of reprogramming adult cells suddenly caught on. Within a matter of months, other laboratories confirmed the findings and his paper became one of the most highly cited papers in recent history. In a period of just six years, Yamanaka's paper has been cited more than 4,000 times! Yamanaka then published a second paper in 2007, showing that adult human skin cells could be reprogrammed to the embryonic-like induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) state and this has lead to the generation of stem cell lines from numerous patients.
I think most stem cell biologist will agree that both Gurdon and Yamanaka deserve the Nobel Prize for their discoveries. Some may ask why the first author Kazutoshi Takahashi on the landmark 2006 paper was not a co-recipient. Others may wonder about whether the scientists who developed techniques to culture human embryonic stem cells should also have been honored, because without their hard work, Takahashi and Yamanaka may not have been able to culture the human iPSCs. Such questions common after all Nobel Prize announcements, and are in part due to the stringent requirement that the Nobel Prize can be shared by no more than three researchers, a requirement that should perhaps be reconsidered in our age of collaborative and networked discovery.
The question that bothers me, however, is why John Gurdon had to wait so long for his Nobel Prize. He had published many of the papers that convincingly documented successful reprogramming of adult Xenopus cells nearly 50 years ago. This was a pioneering discovery that challenged the paradigm of irreversible differentiation during development and had a major impact on the thinking of not just developmental biologists, but biologists from numerous disciplines.
The Lasker Foundation also recognized the importance of John Gurdon's work, when it awarded the prestigious Lasker Basic Medical Research Award to both, Gurdon and Yamanaka in 2009. I think the obvious reason for Gurdon's recognition in recent years is that Yamanaka's method of reprogramming allowed for a much broader application of Gurdon's idea to mammalian and human cells, in a manner that can will likely be used for regenerative therapies, disease modeling and screening of patient specific pharmaceutical agents.
If Yamanaka had not published his work on reprogramming mouse and human cells, would Gurdon have still received the Nobel Prize? This is a speculative question, but I think the answer is "No", because the awarded Nobel Prize is in "Medicine or Physiology". The title of the prize implies that the discovery has to have a link to medicine or normal physiology, but this makes it difficult to justify awarding the prize for ground-breaking discoveries in biology without a direct relevance for medicine or physiology. When the Nobel prizes were established more than a century ago, biology as an independent science was still in its infancy. The past century has brought us remarkable discoveries in biology, such as those in the areas of evolution or photosynthesis, which do not have a direct medical application. Just like the Nobel Prize in Physics honors great intellectual feats in the field of physics without documenting that these discoveries will lead to new technologies, biological discoveries should be similarly recognized without having to await imminent medical relevance.
Even though Nobel did not establish a Nobel Prize in Economics, the Sveriges Riksbank responded to the recognition for the need of such a Nobel Prize by donating the required money to the Nobel Foundation to establish "The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel". It has this convoluted name, because it is technically not a "Nobel Prize" and was not part of Nobel's will, but it is still administered by the Nobel Foundation like all the other Nobel prizes and this is why in common parlance, we all refer to it as the Nobel Prize in Economics. I think that we have to realize there is a similar need for a Nobel Prize in Biology, to honor outstanding biological discoveries that stand on their own, without having to prove their medical relevance. Establishing the "The Prize in Biology in Memory of Alfred Nobel", would be one way to recognize discoveries in biology and also foster even greater interest in this field, that will likely become one of the most important sciences of the 21st century.
Here is a description of what NARC does:
Lv 1 : Displays attacking enemy when locked-on and damage is taken. Can share data through SOP.
Lv 2 : Displays enemy when locked-on by that enemy. Can share data through SOP.
Lv 3 : Displays enemy when targeted by that enemy. Can share data through SOP.
Prior to GENE expansion:
NARC used only one skill slot regardless of level.
After GENE expansion was released:
NARC was considered overpowered during TSNE because of the low skill slot commitment (1 slot regardless of level).
Shortly after GENE expansion was released:
Konami changed NARC's cost to 1 skill slot per level. This balanced things out a bit by making the player commit
more of their skill slots if they wanted to benefit from NARC Lv 3.
SOP STEALTH is introduced with the release of MEME expansion.
SOP STEALTH Lv 1 prevents the following from being effective : MONOMANIA Lv 1, SCANNER Lv 1, E. Locator grenade, NARC Lv 3 functions as Lv 2
SOP STEALTH Lv 2 prevents the following from being effective : MONOMANIA Lv 2, SCANNER Lv 2, E. Locator grenade, NARC Lv 3 functions as Lv 1
SOP STEALTH Lv 3 prevents the following from being effective : MONOMANIA Lv 3, SCANNER Lv 3, E. Locator grenade, NARC Lv 3 functions as Lv 0
SOP STEALTH in its current form renders NARC completely useless. There will be absolutely no reason to use NARC Lv 3 in TSNE
any more because the commitment level will be too high (3 slots) and the reward too small, or non existant. Converseley, there is no
reason NOT to use SOP STEALTH Lv 1 in a TSNE match because it will protect you from the E. Locators while you are defending
and it will render all levels of NARC useless while you are attacking. Another point to bring to this argument is that the time it takes
to raise NARC to level 3 is much longer than the time it takes to unlock SOP STEALTH Lv 1.
What do I propose?
Simply have NARC cost 1 skill slot per level. This would keep NARC Lv 3 useful and allow SOP STEALTH to be integrated into MGO while keeping everything
balanced. Players will have to make a decision prior to TSNE to use either NARC or SOP STEALTH (or both).
This sounds reasonable, what can I do to let Konami know about this?
Write an E-mail to Konami. If you agree that SOP STEALTH renders NARC useless to the point it is broken then just copy and paste the message below
and send the email to : kdeussupport@konami.com
To whom it may concern,
Please re-evaluate the effect of SOP STEALTH's on NARC. There is little to no reason to use NARC Lv 3 any more because SOP STEALTH Lv 1 will nullify NARC Lv 3's effect at a third of NARC's cost.
Please revert the cost of NARC to 1 slot regardless of level.
For more information please go to : http://www.metalgear-online.com/mgofaq/ripnarc.html
Thank you.
Olympic medal winners, in such sports as floor football and skiing, were among a 26-strong Team Ireland arriving triumphant into Dublin airport on Saturday.
With a haul of eight medals - two gold, three silver, and, three bronze - the jubilant athletes had been competing in the Special Olympics World Winter Games in Austria. They also brought home participation ribbons for fourth and fifth places.
Youngest team member, Caolan McConville (13) from Co Antrim, brought home two medals - silver for the intermediate giant slalom in skiing, and bronze in the intermediate slalom.
Lorraine Whelan (36) from Co Wicklow won gold in the intermediate slalom and silver in the intermediate slalom.
The two Irish floorball teams fourth and fifth in their divisions.
There were personal bests or medals for each of Ireland's six alpine skiers on the slopes of Schladming. Niall Flynn (30) from Dublin took three and a half seconds off his best time, while Laoise Kenny (16) from Dublin took fourth in both the novice slalom and giant slalom. Sean McCartan (16) from Co. Armagh in won gold in the slalom event and bronze in the giant slalom.
Chief executive of Special Olympics Ireland, Matt English said Team Ireland's achievements were only possible with the support of volunteers, supporters and sponsors both at home and abroad.
“A huge amount of work and resources go into competing at this level and planning for Austria 2017 started immediately after our last Winter Games in Korea four years ago. A huge thanks must go firstly to the coaches and volunteers who were part of our 38-person delegation, but there were a further 90 volunteers who raised funds to come out and be part of this experience.
“Our mission to give our athletes access to the very best sporting facilities and competitions would not be possible without our sponsors so huge thanks must go to Aer Lingus, eir and Gala Retail at these Games.”
Government Chief Whip Regina Doherty, paying tribute to all involved in the games said: “It was fantastic to see Team Ireland doing so well in Austria over the last week or so, continuing the great legacy of Irish involvement in the Special Olympics movement.
After months of controversy and accusations of gambling, EA may be backing down from microtransaction-driven progression.
Matt Kim By Matt KimNews Editor Got a news tip? Is there something you think we should be reporting on? Email news@usgamer.net.
Update: EA has officially announced that all progression will now be earned through gameplay, at least for now. We're hearing that loot boxes are staying, but that you can't purchase them with real money. It's unclear how EA will address microtransactions long-term. Here is the full statement from EA's official Twitter account.
Today, we turned off in-game purchases for #StarWarsBattlefrontII. The game is built on your input, and it will continue to evolve and grow. Read the full update: http://go.redirectingat.com?id=87431X1573192&xs=1&url=https%3A%2F%2Ft.co%2FasGASaYXVppic.twitter.com/vQSOmsWRgk — EAStarWars (@EAStarWars) November 17, 2017
Original Story: After a whirlwind week of EA defending its contentious loot box practices in the upcoming Star Wars Battlefront 2, the company will reportedly change Star Wars Battlefront 2 so its progression is no longer driven in part by microtransactions.
Rumors began circulating Thursday afternoon that EA was going to announce an update to loot boxes in Star Wars Battlefront 2. Soon after, players in early access found that "crystals"—the in-game currency for the game which players can purchase with real money—were no longer available. This means that all monetary transactions in Battlefront 2 have ceased.
We've heard from sources within EA that a statement will be going out soon.
Star Wars Battlefront 2 has been dogged by controversy ever since the beta for the game revealed that winnable Star Cards gave players stat boosts that improved their performance in competitive multiplayer modes. Since these cards could be won by purchasing loot boxes with real money, players accused EA of promoting pay to win tactics that gave customers who paid extra an advantage.
A loot crate from Star Wars Battlefront 2
EA responded by changing the progression system of the game and altering what kind of cards could be won in loot boxes. But the controversy persisted.
However, earlier this week it was discovered that unlocking a hero character like Luke Skywalker could cost 60,000 in-game credits. Some fans have reported that it would take 40 hours of game time to earn that many credits for a single unlockable character. EA responded by cutting the cost of unlocking these characters by 75 percent, to 15,000 credits.
None of these changes have stopped gamers from protesting Battlefront 2. Angry commenters suggested that it would take six years to unlock everything in the game through progression along, something EA also denied.
It costs how much to unlock Chewie?
Some have even petitioned their local governments to investigate whether these loot box practices are gambling, something EA and the ESRB firmly deny. However, the Belgian government's gambling regulatory board said it would investigate whether loot boxes in Battlefront 2 and Overwatch were indeed gambling.
Ultimately, EA's decision comes after a firestorm week that severely affected the game's reputation amongh potential buyers. The fact that EA will potentially respond by removing the entire microtransaction element is proof that the dialogue had become dangerous for the game.
Star Wars Battlefront 2 is out on Friday, November 17 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Movidius, the company that makes the vision processor that powers Google's Tango tablet, today announced that it has raised a $40 million funding round led by Summit Bridge Capital — a collaboration between Atlantic Bridge Capital and WestSummit Capital. This marks one of the largest funding rounds in a fabless semiconductor company in recent years.
New investors in this round include ARCH Venture Partners and Sunny Optical Technology Group, as well as early investors Atlantic Bridge Capital, AIB Seed Capital Fund, Capital-E, DFJ Esprit and Robert Bosch Venture Capital.
The company, which has offices in Silicon Valley, Ireland and Romania, plans to use the new funding to push its R&D efforts forward, hire more engineers and to improve the software tools that help developers make the most out of its accelerated computer vision processor.
As Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane tells me, the company's products will appear in a number of consumer devices in the coming months — and most of them will come from well-known brands. While he obviously couldn't disclose the actual products, he noted that Movidius seems have arrived on the market at just the right time. Specifically, he cited the growing interest in drones and VR as markets where the company's technologies are a perfect fit. Drones, after all, can only fly autonomously when they can see (and avoid) the world around them and collision avoidance is currently still so hard to implement that not even the most expensive professional drones try to attempt it.
In the realm of VR (and augmented reality projects like Microsoft's HoloLens), Movidius can power the kind of positional tracking and eye tracking that makes for the kind of low latency experience that then enables the necessary sense of presence that makes the VR experience truly immersive. El-Ouazzane tells me the company is currently working with three of the five main head-mounted display manufacturers.
As El-Ouazzane also noted, it's very hard to raise funding for a semiconductor company, even in today's venture capital market. “The bar to raise money is very, very high,” he said and he also acknowledged that large incumbents like Intel, Nvidia and Qualcomm are also interested in this field. He believes, however, that Movidius can stay ahead of the competition thanks to its existing IP and focus on software tools. “It's our job to make sure that the combination of price, performance and power is unbeatable,” he said.
Interestingly, Movidius is willing to cede the market for vision processing in cars to others. The lead times to get products to market there are simply too long for a small startup that needs to generate some cash flow. “We are going for high-growth markets at the cutting edge instead,” El-Ouzzane told me.
Specifically, he believes the Chinese market will have a major impact on his company. “I have a firm belief that China is going to take some steps forward to take the lead in some markets — and especially in markets that matter to us,” he said. “One of the leaders in the drone industry [DJI] is Chinese; the largest camera module manufacturer is Chinese.” So to accelerate its presence in China, the company specifically looked for lead investors with a strong background there for this round and found them in WestSummit and Atlantic Bridge.
As for the company's roadmap, El-Ouazzane tells me that the next version of Movidius' vision processor is coming soon. “We are entering the Golden Age of accelerated computer vision,” he believes and with this new funding round, Movidius is well-positioned to help usher in this future where our devices are more aware than ever of what's going on in their surroundings.
It's apt that Stifled is coming out on Halloween. The spookiest day of the year is a perfect fit for the spookiest game of the year. Every element of Stifled is designed to trigger a fear response. The more you fight it, the more you're going to play right in developer Gattai Games' hand.
Stifled places you in a dark and foreign world. There is very little light so, in order to ‘see,' you need to use echolocation. By making sound, either by pressing a button or actually speaking, the world appears in front of you. But only for a few seconds at a time. Holding down the button and then releasing it makes a louder noise and allows you to see further. The same goes for making louder noises with your mouth. Aside from making the world visible, sounds are what attracts Stifled's enemies.
With that mechanic, Gattai Games has truly created a deliciously wicked, double-edged sword. Stay quiet and you can't see a metre in front of your face. Make sound and you'll be able to see, but every creature of the night will know your location. Stifled is an anxiety-inducing simulator like no other.
Played in first-person and using PSVR, Stifled is one of the most effective uses of the tech thus far. Speaking to Justin Ng Guo Xiong, Managing Director of Gattai Games it's easy to understand why.
“We were the first developers on the [Project] Morpheus when it first came out and then we had the relationship going. Gattai met with one of the second party guys [from Sony], they were like “Yeah, this fits the platform, it's innovative, it's different, we really want this to be here for our consumers and players.”
Gattai Games has been supported by Sony and PlayStation from day-one. When they saw what Gattai were doing with Stifled, they snapped it up and it's now a console exclusive for PS4. There have been a few horror games released for PSVR, but none have quite the level of intensity as Stifled.
While I played a preview build during PAX Aus, very little actually happened. That doesn't mean it wasn't terrifying. Humans are afraid of the dark because we don't know what could be hiding in it. In Stifled, we know there are nasty things hiding in the dark and that the only way to see them is to make noise. It's a claustrophobic, panic-inducing nightmare.
As I explored the world in Stifled, I made my way through a forest and into a sewer system. Once inside a piercing screech from something inhuman hit me full force. I froze on the spot. Not wanting to move for fear of drawing the creature near. A voice in the back of my head asked, “What if it's coming right now? What if you never see it coming?”
I tentatively pressed R2 and a feeble, “Hello..?” issued forth from my character. The tunnel was clear, but the fear still clung to me. Sweating bullets, I had to remind myself on more than one occasion that it was all just a game.
Slowly, I made my way through the tunnels as the screeching kept up. Louder and louder now. Closer. I stayed silent, knowing that any sound would mean certain death. Pushing forward, I could finally see the exit. I rushed toward it and then BANG! The floor gave way underneath me. I screamed out loud and could hear Ng laughing at me while he watched.
The preview ended here and I was glad to take the PSVR off and get back to reality. Though part of me was desperate to jump back in, push on and uncover all of Stifled's secrets. I asked Ng what the inspiration for Stifled was and his explanation was surprising.
“Three years ago we were in school and we saw this animation of a blind woman who's finding her way around the world using sound. She was tapping her cane and based on her mood, the visuals that she was seeing were different. It was very cool.”
From there, Ng and his team had a kernel of an idea and decided to explore it using VR tech. The microphone and real-world sound elements were added during development. It wasn't until later in the piece that Ng and his team realised they were making a horror game.
“We tried to keep it really simple, so we did black and white. When the sounds faded away, or when there's no sound being made, it just fades away into the darkness and you don't see anything. And the sounds only brighten things for a moment. Bryan [Teo, Audio Director at Gattai Games] said “Hey this makes a lot of sense for horror because if you don't see anything it's just terrifying” right? It clicked for us and I was like “Yeah let's go do horror.”
From there, Gattai Games made it so the enemies could hear sounds. I told Ng that the entire concept seemed evil to me and he laughed. He told me that people often look at him as if he is strange when he explains “When people scream, it just makes me feel really happy because it means we did our job right.”
Ng also told me that he loves to see the sense of realisation come over people as they play. “Once you realise that the microphones are picking it up and it's like “Oh shit, I need to lower the sound” and you can see that reaction, and the brain just clicking into the mode and they understand it now, and that's the best thing.”
In the preview, there was little in the way of narrative hooks or story elements present. I asked Ng if there was a narrative and he told me there was. “We are exploring the relationship between two characters. You will play as the protagonist. As you play through the game, you kinda figure out what happened to you and to your other character.”
Ng went on to explain that the story is diegetic. The player will find details in the world which will help to create an idea of what's happened. “You kinda figure out why everything looks like this, what the horrors are that you're actually experiencing and what they mean.”
Players won't have to wait long to dive into Ng's terrifying world in Stifled as it releases for PSVR on the PlayStation Store tomorrow, October 31, 2017. I'll certainly be playing it, even if I have to take a rest every 3-5 minutes to stop myself from screaming the house down.
