The number of intelligence (A.I.) systems used in infotainment and advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) systems will jump from 7 million in 2015 to 122 million by 2025, according to a new IHS Technology report.
IHS's Automotive Electronics Roadmap Report found the installation rate of A.I.-based systems in new vehicles was just 8% in 2015, and the vast majority were focused on speech recognition, according to IHS. However, that number is forecast to rise to 109% in 2025, as there will be multiple A.I. systems of various types installed in many cars.
"An artificial-intelligence system continuously learns from experience and by its ability to discern and recognize its surroundings," Luca De Ambroggi, IHS Technology's principal analyst for automotive semiconductors, said in a statement. "It learns, as human beings do, from real sounds, images and other sensory inputs. The system recognizes the car's environment and evaluates the contextual implications for the moving car."
Audi A prototype Audi A7 with self-driving technology is seen during testing on the A9 autobahn in Germany in May 2016.
A.I.-based systems will grow to become standard in new vehicles over the next five years -- especially in these two categories:
Infotainment human-machine interface, including speech recognition, gesture recognition (such as handwriting recognition), eye tracking and driver monitoring, virtual assistance and natural language interfaces. ADAS and autonomous vehicles, including camera-based machine vision systems, radar-based detection units, driver condition evaluation and sensor fusion engine control units (ECU).
As in-vehicle infotainment systems and ADAS increase in complexity, Ambroggi said, there is a growing need for hardware and software that support artificial intelligence and can emulate the functions of the human brain.
In ADAS, deep learning -- which mimics human neural networks -- presents several advantages over traditional algorithms; it is also a key milestone on the road to fully autonomous vehicles, IHS stated in its report.
"For example, deep learning allows detection and recognition of multiple objects, improves perception, reduces power consumption, supports object classification, enables recognition and prediction of actions, and will reduce development time of ADAS systems," IHS's report stated.
By 2020, Gartner predicts, there will be 250 million cars connected to each other and to the infrastructure around them via Wi-Fi systems that will allow vehicles to communicate with each other and the roadways.
As the amount of information being fed into IVI units or telematics systems grows, vehicles will be able to capture and share not only internal systems status and location data, but also changes in surroundings in real time, according to Gartner analyst Thilo Koslowski.
Daimler Daimler unveiled its autonomous 18-wheeler last year during a ceremony at the Hoover Dam. The Freightliner Inspiration Truck, a concept truck, underwent extensive testing, Daimler said, before the Nevada Department of Motor Vehicles granted it a license to operate on public roads in the state. Last year, the truck was driven more than 10,000 miles during a test in Germany.
Earlier this month, Gil Pratt, CEO of Toyota Research Institute, said the vast majority of mainstream vehicles adopting autonomous driving features will be controlled by ADAS or "guardian angels" that learn your driving behaviors and new road conditions and how to react to them over time.
Speaking at the New England Motor Press Association Technology Conference at MIT, Pratt said automakers are more focused on assisting drivers for years to come instead of producing fully autonomous vehicles that take the steering wheel from drivers.
A lot of the discussion among automakers and within their R&D organizations involve how much control the car should have.
For example, Pratt said, your car may someday warn you several times about a particularly dangerous driving habit you have before taking control of the wheel.
"If you love to drive, the idea of a chauffeur is not fun," Pratt said. "Driver skills are ignored with a chauffeur; with guardian angel technology, you're augmenting human driving skills."
Ahmedabad: A Right to Information (RTI) activist was allegedly attacked by a group of unidentified persons outside the Collector office in Tapi district of Gujarat for allegedly seeking information and opposing "illegal mining" there, police said on Wednesday.
The incident took place yesterday and a complaint was filed under Indian Penal Code (IPC) sections 143 (unlawful assembly) and 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) late last night against the unknown attackers, though no arrests have been made so far, they said.
The activist, identified as Romel Sutharia, was assaulted by over a dozen persons, who also snatched his file bearing documents he had obtained through the RTI when he was on his way to the Collector office for a hearing on his complaint to the Governor.
Sutharia alleged that majority of 62 sand and stone quarries that were given license by the District Mines and Mineral Department were in contravention of environmental guidelines laid down by the government for stone crushing, and were therefore illegal.
"On November 23 last year, I had written to the Governor on large-scale illegal mining of sand and stone over Tapi river and across the district. Collector called me for hearing yesterday when I was attacked," Sutharia said.
Police said they were trying to obtain the CCTV footage to ascertain the identity of the accused.
"We have registered an FIR against unidentified persons and are investigating the matter. We will obtain footage of CCTV cameras installed in the District Collector building," said Vyara Police sub inspector Kantibhai Motavar.
The activist had sought detailed information on mining of sand and stone from the office of the Mines and Mineral Department of Tapi district administration.
Your first IMDb credit was the role of Andy on “Gilmore Girls.” What do you remember about it?
I submitted for it myself. I just sent in an envelope with my headshot and resume, and the casting director called me back surprisingly, like one in a million [chance] ... She asked to speak with my agent, and I told her I didn't have one. She was like, “OK. How did you send this?” I was like, “I saw it online.” And she said, “Well, you seem very interesting. Why don't you give me a call sometime when you get an agent.” I told her, “It's a really small role. We probably could just knock it out. I don't see why I need an agent for this.” She just laughed, and we went on and on. I tried my best to be charming, and she laughed a few times, enough to say, “All right. Come in.” And I went in there and got Taft Hartleyed [a way for actors who are not SAG members to gain admission to the actors' union] the next day because I found out that I got the role, which was huge. The next day, I had a manager, an agent, and my first gig in Hollywood.
Christa Liedtke, 75, decided to sell the half-timbered house near Cologne three years ago, after she began to find the steep stairs too much to handle.
She fell in love with the house in 2005 and poured thousands of euros into renovating it. "As soon as I saw it, I knew it was the one," she said. “In 2011 I wanted to sell it, with a heavy heart, and that's when this all started.”
Local authority officials told her she had to pull it down because there was no planning permission to build the house in the first place.
Irmgard Mertins, widow of a Jewish banker murdered by the Nazis, had built the house in 1939, as a place to wait out the war. In the chaos of war she failed to apply for all the right paperwork.
Legal cases turning on the absence of key permission, and documents lost, falsified or destroyed during the war are quite common in Germany. They sometimes leave homeowners realising with dismay their wartime-built houses do not have valid planning permission.
"In the last eight years we have seen six such cases," Birgit Bär, a spokeswoman for the district authority Rheinisch-Bergischer Kreis told The Local.
She said in the aftermath of the war many small buildings were converted into flats to cope with the sudden housing shortage due to bomb damage - and very few of the new landlords bothered to secure building permission for the new properties.
When Liedtke and her daughter bought the building - paying €250,000 for it in 2005 - they were not made aware of the missing paperwork.
And Bär says the letter of the law must be followed in such cases.
"Entry in the land register is just proof of ownership of the property, not of permission for a building, and for that reason the relevant laws must be exercised," she said.
"We can't just close the book on this one because she's so nice."
Bär agreed the demolition order was a regrettable outcome, saying her office had explored all the legal alternatives, and had even offered Liedtke a special permit to continuing living in the house.
"Of course it's not sensible to demolish it completely; no one wants to do that," Bär told The Local.
"But we have to do it, because German building law is very clear on this point. Houses outside of built-up areas with no planning permission have to go."
Bär said her office wanted to see a new law requiring an expert notary to be involved in house purchases, to spare people buying buildings they will later be forced to have pulled down.
But she added: "We are grown up people, we are responsible for what we sign our names to. Absence of important documents should always ring alarm bells."
Liedtke's appeal against the demolition order is to go to the region's higher administrative court in Münster, but a date has not yet been set.
SEE ALSO: Germany debates draft law on Nazi-looted art
Brooklyn College is advising New York City police officers to use bathrooms on the far end of campus in order to avoid being seen by students who might be offended by their presence.
The Excelsior, the college's student newspaper, reported last week that Director of Public Safety Donald Wenz would “prefer” if members of the New York Police Department (NYPD) used facilities in the West End Building (WEB) “rather than walking across either quad to use the bathroom.”
"I know students from every background and across every major. They don't feel comfortable around cops...It makes safe spaces feel not so safe."
[RELATED: Pitt students demand disarming of police, free tuition]
Wenz's comments come in the wake of a film screening of the movie “Watched,” which documents an NYPD informant who surveilled Muslim students on campus for a period of four years as part of the city's counterterrorism efforts. After the screening, students were allowed to share their thoughts on having NYPD officers on campus.
“I disagree with them being on campus. Especially allowing them to use the building where student groups are held,” one unidentified student remarked, according to The Excelsior, later noting that he would be sending a petition to College President Michelle Anderson, pressuring her to issue a statement “that we do not want the NYPD on campus in any respect even if it's just to take breaks and use bathrooms.”
After discovering The Excelsior's report, The New York Post took a trip to the WEB, where officers are now encouraged to use the bathroom, and found an “out of order” sign on the stall door, with a dirty and broken toilet on the inside.
[RELATED: UW-Madison student gov passes anti-police resolution]
“The bathroom is horrendous. You can only wash your hands in one of the sinks because the other two are broken,” one student told the Post, though others argued that NYPD should not be allowed on campus at all.
“I know students from every background and across every major. They don't feel comfortable around cops. They just don't. It makes safe spaces feel not so safe,” one unidentified student remarked, with another telling the Post that it's “weird” seeing cops on campus.
But members of the NYPD who monitor the neighborhood surrounding the school told the Post that the student sentiments are “insane.”
“That protester culture is warping their f***ing minds,” one officer remarked, with NYPD sergeants-union chief Ed Mullins telling students to “go take classes abroad, where they can have their bathrooms all to themselves.”
[RELATED: Prof calls police on a police officer]
Wenz, however, stood by the directive, explaining that “we prefer” were the “key words” in his statement.
“If police are seen walking across the quad, some may interpret that as an emergency going on,” he explained.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
Comedian Amy Schumer fights back at sexist hecklers and speaks out on gun control, so it isn't like there has been some mysterious veil over her beliefs. She's a pretty liberal person. Seriously. Just watch her show. Anyone would know that.
Just in case there was any doubt where she stands politically, though, she used a recent BBC interview to state her opinion on Hillary Clinton once and for all. After talking about the importance of taking quiet time and the need for women to stop apologizing so much, the Trainwreck star explained that she has discovered that no one who has ever disparaged Clinton to her had “anything meaningful to say.” Specifically, she said they are uninformed.
Here is the interview. The Clinton comments come at around 2:58 in this video:
She explained to Newsnight host Emily Maitlis that “People get one fact and that's what they latch onto about a candidate.” She then expressed shock that Clinton's emails garner her more criticism than any number of Republican nominee Donald Trump‘s old scandals.
Watch above.
[image via screengrab]
Lindsey: Twitter. Facebook.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
SAN BERNARDINO (CBSLA.com) — Authorities have launched an internal investigation after the arrest of a man accused of ditching a car and leading deputies on a three-hour pursuit on horseback in San Bernardino.
Francis Pusok, 30, was captured in footage by a news helicopter falling off a horse authorities said was stolen Thursday afternoon in Apple Valley.
Deputies say they tried to hit Pusok with a Taser, which was ineffective.
The footage then shows one of the deputies kicking Pusok in the head, another kicking him in the groin, and together they punch and knee him.
Other deputies are then seen moving in and hitting Pusok. At this point, it's unclear what Pusok is doing, hidden beneath the group of officers.
The entire incident lasted more than a minute, according to the footage San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said was “disturbing.”
McMahon has ordered an internal investigation into the arrest.
“The video surrounding this arrest is disturbing, and I have ordered an internal investigation be conducted immediately,” he said in a statement. “In addition, members of the Specialized Investigation Detail are responding to conduct the criminal investigation.”
“What I saw on the television was thugs beating up my client. That's what I saw. And these questions about what was he doing? What did they do? This is far worse than Rodney King,” said Pusok's family attorney Jim Terrell, who's calling for the termination and arrests of the deputies seen in the footage.
Deputies said they were serving a search warrant to Pusok in connection with an identity-theft investigation when he fled.
“I couldn't believe it. The first thing I said was, ‘They can't do that.' That is first thing out of my mouth was that, ‘They cannot do that,' ” said Jolene Bindner, Pusok's girlfriend of 13 years.
Bindner described Pusok as a great father but admits he's had several run-ins with the law.
CBS2 uncovered convictions of Pusok's dating as far back as 2002. They include: driving on a sidewalk at an unsafe speed in 2002; attempted robbery in 2006; fighting in 2011; cruelty to an animal in 2013; resisting an officer in 2013; and obstructing or resisting an officer in 2014.
“I'm not gonna stand here and say that he's perfect, because who is?” Bindner asked.
“I want to know what these cops past records are. Did they just start being thugs or have they been thugs for years?” said Terrell, who wants the FBI to investigate the department's handling of his client.
The department has not indicated whether the officers will be punished.
“These are bad cops whether it's Ferguson, Missouri, or right here in Apple Valley. This stuff's got to stop,” Terrell said.
Pusok has been hospitalized with injuries he is expected to survive, and three deputies were injured in the search, according to authorities.
Pusok's family is also considering a civil suit.
Did you see the "Creepy Carnival" from the Koch brothers on the Washington Mall the other day? Sponsored by the youth-outreach tentacle of the brothers' operation, it featured Pennywise the Clown doppelgangers dunking millennials into "High-Risk Pools" – though, surely, they missed an opportunity to nail some old people to death panels. (There was no word about the presence of funhouse mirrors to artificially shrink the outsize influence of the Kochs on our national agenda.)
These two men have commanded center stage in the dark-money circus since the US supreme court started the political money free-for-all four and a half years ago. The Kochs have become the focus of electoral campaigns themselves.
But however effective they may be as conservative bogeymen, the real problem with the Kochs is not that they are ultra-conservative. The problem is that they are a leading indicator that our political system is morphing from elections based on ideology to elections based on the preferences of individual donors.
Big "fundraisers" like the Kochs don't care so much about candidates or parties. They care about policies, and that tendency to narrowly target their dollars naturally pushes candidates to tailor their platforms to issues more than coherent ideologies. Jjust look at Sheldon Adelson and Israel, or Tom Steyer and green energy, or Paul Singer and gay rights – or the Koch brothers themselves, whose political manipulations have always been based in a fervent economic libertarianism more than purely Republican politics.
The negative focus on mega-donors on both sides of the aisle is having one effect: it's turning Americans firmly against the current electoral financing system. According to Gallup, fully 50% of the country would support a federally funded campaign finance system with no private contributions whatsoever; 79% would vote for a law limiting contributions in some way.
As a result, the movement for a small-donor revolution in campaign finance is slowly clawing its way into the mainstream. The leading general in that revolution, Lawrence Lessig – who launched Mayday Pac to blow up big money in politics by raising big money – just surpassed his initial fundraising goal of $5m by raking in $7.6m in small donations. (Ironically, a few mega-donors will be kicking in another $5m in matching funds.)
But Lessig's Kickstarter-esque project is itself the kind of single-issue project that has, to date, been the purview of fundraising behemoths: he plans to give the money only to candidates who hew to his vision of campaign finance reform. Like them, it lays the groundwork for the decentralization of parties, whether or not Lessig's own goals are achieved.
As it stands, the number of Americans who identify with a particular political party do so now with unprecedented intensity, and the number of Americans who don't identify with either party has grown as well. Sheer frustration could move some – or perhaps many – independents who currently favor a particular party to a more radicalized center.
Disillusioned with actual politicians, apolitical activists could make the candidates the least important part of a ballot by donating to and campaigning for policies, rather than politicians. And that is what issue-oriented Super Pacs, like Lessig's and others, are counting on: small donors, and voters interested in issues over ideology – or, at least issues-as-ideology.
The idea of non-partisan issue activism is an old one, but what's changed is the degree of overall partisanship and our expectations of infinite, individualized choice today. When we've got Uber in our hands and Spotify playlists inside our headphones, it seems reasonable to expect technology could do the same for democracy.
Anil Dash, a tech activist and entrepreneur, envisions a kind of Amazon for activism – a literal marketplace of ideas, wherein a donor with a little money and a few major passions could shop for candidates that fit an issue checklist. They could even target those who appear particularly "flexible", based on a database matching their voting history to donors, or particularly in need of cash to keep the campaign going. These, of course, are tactics that big money donors have long used to sway the opinions of politicians. The question is whether the aggregation of enough small donors could be equally effective.
But do today's policy crises even lend themselves to the micro-targeted solutions that app-enabled voters could select? Do we wind up with solutions to climate change, or just pockets of pollution? And what issues disappear entirely when pressures from both special interest big donors and special interest small donors push parties to the breaking point?
As it is, just the system is broken – or bent, leaning heavily in the direction of that easy mega-donor money. The undoing of campaign finance reform has made more and more obvious to more and more people; Larry Lessig's project to leverage that disgust will spotlight the ugliness just in time for 2016. Perhaps it will drive at least some conversations, if not solutions.
The American private equity house has earned more from the rise of the grand prix circuit than anyone else – even the sport's supremo, Bernie Ecclestone
Formula One reaches the midway point of the season at the Hungarian Grand Prix on Sunday: but the real action will not be on the track but off it as the race for ownership of the sport revs up.
The title battle looks to be between just two drivers – Mercedes team-mates Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg. However, behind the scenes the bidding war for F1 is much less clear-cut, with the latest names to enter the fray being Qatar's sovereign wealth fund and RSE Ventures, owner of the Miami Dolphins NFL team. They have made a joint approach to buy the 35% controlling stake in Formula One's parent company owned by the private equity firm CVC.
New research shows that any investor might struggle to match the investment group's return, however, even if it persuades CVC to sell. The private equity house has made more from F1 than any other owner in the sport's 65-year history, including Bambino, the family trust of its chief executive, Bernie Ecclestone.
Formula One has a mighty cash-generating engine under its bonnet. The research shows that it has made more than $14bn (£9bn) for its various owners – driven by the sale of shares, dividends and a $1.4bn bond issue in 1999 – since the first stake in the sport's parent company was sold in 1999 to investment bank Morgan Grenfell.
CVC is a relative newcomer to the race, having bought its stake in 2006 in a leveraged buyout funded with two loans – $965.6m from its Investment Fund IV and $1.1bn from RBS.
Over the past decade CVC has halved its stake to 35% and reaped a $4.4bn reward. That has given it a return on investment (ROI) of 351.8% and its remaining 35% stake controls the voting rights of F1's Jersey-based parent company, Delta Topco. This gives the stake a valuation of up to $8bn – and if CVC achieves that price, it will push ROI to over 1,000%, making it the most profitable deal in the investment house's 34-year history.
Not everyone has done so well. In 2001, impressed by the huge audiences in Germany that seven-time champion Michael Schumacher was attracting to the sport, German media giant Kirch borrowed $1.6bn from three banks to acquire a 75% stake in F1. State-owned German bank BayernLB loaned nearly $1bn, with Lehman Brothers and JP Morgan each providing $300m.
However, Kirch's access to F1's fortunes was restricted, as the terms of the 1999 bond issue prevented the business from paying a dividend. By the time Kirch collapsed under the weight of its debts in 2002, it had not made any money from F1 and to this day remains its only shareholder not to have generated a return from the sport.
The loans from the trio of banks is secured on the Formula One stake and when Kirch went into administration they took over the shareholding. However, in the vacuum, they were unable to exercise control over the business and sued Bambino.
When CVC bought F1 from the banks, it ensured that the mistake was not repeated. Buried in Delta Topco's articles of association is the revelation that CVC's shares entitle it to appoint representatives, known as “I Directors”, who can “exercise one vote more than the total number of votes exercised by the other directors.” The articles add that the purpose of this is “to ensure that the Directors will always have sufficient votes to pass a resolution of the board”.
It puts a huge premium on CVC's stake and those riches were unlocked with a debt refinancing which allowed dividends to be paid. Last year alone, F1 made underlying profits of $266.6m on revenue that rose 4.2% to a record $1.4bn, boosted by new races in Russia and Austria. Indeed, F1 is so profitable that it was one of the few assets retained by Lehman's estate to pay off creditors after the bank went under.
CVC has already owned Formula One for double its typical holding period of five years. Last year it was in discussions about selling to media mogul John Malone's Liberty Global and broadcaster Discovery; the talks stalled and the duo invested in the electric racing series Formula E. Now Qatar and RSE are in pole position to acquire the CVC stake – but still far from the prize.
CVC's co-chairman, Donald Mackenzie, recently said there was no need to sell. “There is no end date. We have 12-year funds, which we have to return the original money [to]. We have already done that. So the pressure's off. We like owning it; we don't want to sell it. There are always some people who'd like to buy it: it's a very good business.” For CVC it could prove to be the best.
It sounds like a lot of money, the $74.4 million that Michigan's counties spend annually on indigent defense. But when one considers that only amounts to $7.35 per capita, it sounds like peanuts.
Michigan is far behind the national average, when it comes to spending on indigent defense, according to the House Fiscal Agency in its analysis of House Bill 5676, which would create a statewide public defense system to provide appointed counsel to eligible people. The bill was introduced late last year and was discussed by the House judiciary committee in December. It will be on the committee's agenda again March 16.
The national average for spending on indigent defense is $11.86 per person; Michigan ranks 44th out of the 50 states, according to the HFA. To bring Michgian up to average, the counties would have to spend $120 million. Again, that sounds like a lot of dough, unless we consider that it's only $22 per capita.
Even in depressed economic times, that just doesnt sound like a lot of money to spend on adequate funding of our justice system. And it does make sense that by spending so little, we're not getting the value we deserve. By under-supporting indigent defense, we prop up a system which is often riddled with errors in sentencing, and in which the accused are represented by lawyers who frankly can't make a living if they put in the hours it would take to properly do the job.
According to the HFA, the state's 83 counties have wildly varying compensation rates for lawyers who work in indigent defense. On the low end is $40 per hour in Eaton County. On the high end is $88.82 per hour in Ottawa County. And I suppose that a lawyer can make a middle class living earning $40 an hour. But also in the mix are the fee (or event) schedules, and low-bid flat-fee contracts, which lead to very low pay per hour, if the work is being done properly.
“National recommendations indicate that compensation levels for public defense attorneys should be more on par with those of the prosecution,” according to the analysis.
The bill calls for the estabishment of a Public Defense Commission, a State Office of Public Defense and Appellate Defense Bureau, and the establishment of regional offices to appoint public defense sttorneys. Attorneys would be assigned to cases based on experience and training, and the bill would prohibit excessive case workloads. All costs associated with public defense would shift to the state, according to the HFA.
“Because of ongoing budget constraints and lack of oversight from the state, the amount counties currently pay for public defense is more a function of what their budgets will allow rather than what would truly be considered ‘reasonable,'” stated the analysis.
In the long run, and possibly not-so-long run, the statewide system could actually save money. According to the analysis, the State Appellate Defender Office had reported that between 2003 and 2007, SADO had achieved a cumulative reduction in minimum prison terms (as a result of sentencing errors) of 122.5 years. If it's assumed that the average cost of incarceration is $30,000 per inmate per year, SADO helped the state save $3.675 million in just five years.
There would also be a savings resulting from a reduction in wrongful convictions, the analysis said.
I've got my doubts as to whether or not this bill has any legs. It will be easy for some lawmakers to dismiss it, calling it too expensive. But even if there were no cost savings from spending money to adequately fund defense, and even if taxpayers had to totally absorb the additional $5 per person per year to cover the costs, it would be worth every nickel.
That's the cost of justice.
Advertisements
An estimated 19 percent of U.S. military properties around the world might not be needed, and lawmakers need to take a closer look at shutting down excess facilities in the 2020s to save money, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told Congress, according to a report in the Daily Caller.
"Since the last BRAC round we have developed new methods of warfare, new technologies, and expanded needs for Warfighters training that require us to assess the military value and effectiveness of our domestic military infrastructure," Mattis wrote in a letter to Congress dated Oct. 6. "In addition, every unnecessary facility we maintain requires us to cut capabilities elsewhere. I must be able to eliminate excess infrastructure in order to shift resources to readiness and modernization."
BRAC (Base Realignment and Closure) is a process by the federal government to close and consolidate military bases.
Mattis' letter comes on the heels of a Pentagon report detailing an excess infrastructure capacity of 29 percent in the Army and 28 percent in the Air Force.
The Pentagon for years has asked for a BRAC round, as the five past previous rounds resulted in $1 billion of annual savings to the Department of Defense.
Democratic Rep. Adam Smith, the ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee, expressed the same concerns.
"We are wasting taxpayer money to maintain buildings and facilities that the military does not need, while we drain away funds for readiness and weaponry that could keep our service members safe and our country secure," Smith said.
The work on the all-weather road in Uttarakhand has begun with the construction of the 150-km Tanakpur-Pithoragarh stretch which will make it easier for the armed forces to mobilise troops and armaments to the Indo-China border.The section is a part of the 'All-Weather Roads Project' launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the state assembly polls earlier this year. It is likely to be completed by 2019.Mobilisation of forces and their armaments to the last posts on the Indo-China border in times of emergency will be much easier from the Tanakpur rail-head after the 150-km stretch is completed, officials associated with the project said."Construction of the 150-km long Tanakpur to Pithoragarh road is being carried out on war footing to meet the set time the 2019 deadline. The deadline is likely to be easily met as the route has no over bridges or tunnels," said L D Mathela, executive engineer of NH 125.The cost of the road, will be approximately Rs 1,065 crore, which excludes the cost of three bypasses, he said.Unlike Garhwal , the nature of soil in the Kumaon region as well as the costs involved are not suitable for building tunnels and over bridges, the official said."Non-availability of non-rocky hill portion along the route is also a reason why no tunnels or over bridges are being built on the stretch," he said.The road is being constructed under the 'Engineering Procurement and Construction (EPC)' module in which the designs of the project, outlines by experts, will be availed by the construction company, Mathela said."Four companies have been assigned the task of constructing the road. These companies have been enlisted after their experience in constructing all-weather roads was scrutinised," the engineer said.The 12-meter wide road would be constructed by 2019 for which time and cost has been fixed by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), sources said."According to the design submitted by the construction companies, the protection of sliding portions on the road will be given equal significance to make it weather resistant," Mathela said.The official said that 7,000 trees would be uprooted for the construction of the road."Once built it will be able to bear the weight and width of all defence armaments required at the time of an emergency at border posts along the Indo-China border which is 200 km from the tail of the all-weather road in Pithoragarh town," he said.The foundation stone of the 12,000 crore project was laid by Modi during the state elections earlier this year.
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., is mounting investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 presidential election, saying Wednesday he wanted President Vladimir Putin "personally to pay a price."
"I'm going after Russia in every way you can go after Russia," the former presidential candidate told CNN. "I think they're one of the most destabilizing influences on the world stage.
"I think they did interfere with our elections — and I want Putin personally to pay a price."
Democrat Hillary Clinton had long accused Russia of interfering in the election — and Department of Homeland Security officials told The Washington Post last month they had evidence Russia was "scanning" state-run databases and computer voting systems.
The Obama administration also said Russia was behind the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and other party organizations that led to the release of emails by WikiLeaks.
Graham, who dropped out of the 2016 race last December, said Trump should be tougher on Putin.
"Trump should take a real tough tone with Russia, because if he doesn't, you'll allow Russia to begin to break apart alliances, the European Union," he said.
In addition, Graham also said the president-elect should honor his pledge to "tear up" the Iran nuclear deal, a day after President Hassan Rouhani warned the U.S. against pushing for changes in the agreement.
"Unlike the weak-kneed Obama administration, I don't believe President-elect Trump will back away from his promise simply because it is upsetting to the President of Iran," Graham said in a statement. "When it comes to the Iranians and their nuclear program, they lie and have proven to be untrustworthy.
"It's past time the Iranian regime pay a price for their provocative behavior."
The uniforms have made their first appearance for photo day, and all the Arizona Basketball players are in Tucson preparing for their trip to Spain for a few exhibition games.
If you follow the Arizona Basketball players on social media, you will see they already have fantastic chemistry. They have fun after practice, they eat together they play video games together, we see you Deandre, and it just seems they are all jellin' quite nicely.
At least from what we could tell, Deandre Ayton, Ira Lee, Brandon Randolph are all in summer school completing their first classes. The team has practice every day and there some great dancers on the roster, the personalities are off the charts this year. It's nice to see Rawle Alkins and Allonzo Trier, as well as Parker Jackson-Cartwright, step up as leaders this season.
Chase Jeter (Duke Transfer who will sit out a year but practice with the team) already is singing Parkers praises, even though he is a third-year student.
Wildcats fans may forget Dylan Smith is eligible this year. Connor Hope from our sister site, BustingBrackets.com ranked Arizona Basketball No. 1 in the Pac-12 due to mostly the return of Alkins and Trier. Along with that, he spoke about Smith:
Lost in the news of returning stars and incoming freshman is UNC-Asheville transfer Dylan Smith. As a freshman with the Bulldogs, Smith scored 13.5 points on 37% shooting. Smith will not be a starter but should be a solid role player for Arizona.
The new Wildcats are making season proclamations while arriving on the scene, which is music to Wildcats fans ears.
Freshman phenom Deandre Ayton makes no bones about it, Ira Lee and Brandon Randolph also jump in with confidence:
Arizona Our Time Has Come‼️🐻⬇️😈🇧🇸🌎🙏🏾 pic.twitter.com/FIoeiABT48 — Deandre Ayton (@DeandreAyton) July 22, 2017
https://twitter.com/iramandoesit/status/888219550273097729
Got the world at my fingertips 🤘🏾 pic.twitter.com/Q8uUUg0unD — Brandon Randolph (@brandolph902) July 22, 2017
Meanwhile, PJC and Alkins are trying their hand at Sports Broadcasting, and it was a joy to take in. But what stood out the most was this promise by Lee to Alkins: “I'm going to get you a ring,” said Lee Time to King Rawle. Alkins seemed very accepting after that promise was made and for good reason, the two of them share something in common, they both are winners. They cannot stand to lose, win, win win, that's what they are all about.
So just to put an exclamation point on his comment, Lee Time turns around to the basket and slams in a dunk which you will find comes easy to the big man.
https://twitter.com/SportsCrazee/status/889939406718550017
You are going to have to take my word for it here because, for some reason, they took down the original video with this interview and replaced it with more of the photo shoot. Maybe they are saving the footage for part 2? Hopefully, for now, we can call it an outtake.
Just more reasons to be stoked about the upcoming season! For those of you who didn't go to high school in the 80's, that means hyped. Bear Down A Players Program, and put back that interview with Ira and Rawle, it was lit!
The Department of Transportation has some rules changes pending that could negatively affect the world of model rocketry and those of us who enjoy it. Currently, the engines used in model rocketry are labeled as Flammable Solids for purposes of shipping and labeling, but the DOT is considering changing the label to Explosives, which might affect costs and even availability of this critical rocket hobbyist component.
I'll keep this short and sweet – if you are able to shoot off an email today to the DOT, please do so. I'm including the email address and text for you to use to save you some time, but feel free to write your own letter of support if you feel led to do so... Estes, the model rocket company, is asking folks to send their messages to the DOT no later than October 2nd, 2011.
Emails can be sent to specialpermits@dot.gov
Please put in the Subject line the following: DOT-SP 7887 Show Cause Response
For the body of the email, feel free to use the text below or type up your own message:
Dear Associate Administrator,
The purpose of this e-mail is to request that DOT-SP 7887 be kept in force as written. The Special Permit, previously DOT-E 7887 has been in place since 1978 and is used by many of us who enjoy hobbies including model rockets, motors and igniters.
To my knowledge, there has never been an incident involving the shipping and transporting of model rocket motors and igniters. Further I believe that shipping these products as "Explosives" will create unnecessary fear and difficulty for those handling, transporting, receiving, storing, selling and using these products.
After 33 years of use, the termination of the Special Permit is unwarranted and possibly damaging to an educational and recreational product that has an excellent record. In closing, I again request the Special Permit be kept in place as written.
Finally, please add your name and address to the final line of the email message.
If every GeekDad.com reader takes a moment to send this email, the DOT could be spending all day and the weekend reading over the messages. Whether you launch rockets currently, have done so in the past, or have young kids who have not yet experienced the thrill of launching their own rocket, please do consider lending your voice to supporting this project.
Thanks!
We've heard that Google Voice is getting dragged to the trash can and most of its functionality will be incorporated into the G+ Hangouts apps on both Android and iOS. This has already happened to an extent with the ability to phone friends on Hangouts, but we're hearing the full shuttering and depreciation of the app is the next step.
What's interesting here is that VoIP-to-phones is expected to be integrated into the Hangouts iOS and Android apps so that, just like with the Web version, you could be able to actually make (and receive) VoIP calls directly from your Google phone number. Whether the carriers and Apple are okay with this isn't certain, and the thought is that it could be enabled by carrier like Apple's FaceTime (or could be scrapped altogether) depending on the global market and the carrier.
Google recently allowed Hangouts to take over the SMS functionality of Android phones, and as Android Police points out in the image above, the direction in which Google is trending seems to be pushing all telephony communications into Hangouts.
The VoIP functionality would allow those willing to trust Google with their number to have a way to drop their carrier voice plans altogether – an extremely controversial move and one we'd expect to see challenged by carriers.
No specific timing on the Google Voice migration was given, but it is said to be “months out” which would make Google I/O a good bet for an announcement. The move is part of a larger overhaul on the company's apps which we'll have more info on later this week.
Your browser does not support iframes.
By Al Webb
Religion News Service
LONDON (RNS) British police say they have investigated more than 80 witchcraft-based child abuse cases in the last decade, and warned that the practice is "far more prevalent" than previously believed.
Authorities say the belief in witchcraft is widespread and growing in some African immigrant communities in Britain.
The disclosure came as a couple from the Democratic Republic of Congo, Magalie Bamu and Eric Bikubi, were sentenced to life in prison for torturing and drowning the woman's 15-year-old brother, Kristy Bamu.
Police said the two were convinced that the youth was a witch who had cast a spell on another child. They added that Bikubi had a "lifelong obsession" with a form of witchcraft known as kindoki and believed he had a special ability to detect evil.
Scotland Yard officials said they had probed 83 cases involving ritualistic or "faith-based" crimes in the past 10 years, and believe those cases represent only a small part of the true total of witchcraft practices in Britain.
Detective Superintendent Terry Sharpe said "this is a hidden and underreported crime and therefore difficult to deal with in terms of protecting victims from harm."
Sharpe, who heads a police team code-named "Project Violet" that tackles religion-based child abuse, added that "the intelligence from the community is that it's far more prevalent than the reports we are getting."
The Senate's foreign aid spending panel voted today to slash military assistance to Egypt by $300 million amid growing congressional frustration with the country's dismal human rights record under President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.
A summary of the fiscal year 2018 bill from Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., the top Democrat on the Appropriations subcommittee overseeing the State Department and foreign assistance, indicates that lawmakers also want to cut economic aid by $37 million compared with current year levels. The subcommittee passed the bill unanimously and the full Senate Appropriations Committee will take it up Thursday.
“There is growing concern in the Congress, and the administration, with the repressive policies of the al-Sisi government,” Leahy told Al-Monitor in an email after the vote. “The United States and Egypt have a long history of cooperation, which we want to see continued. But it is important for the Egyptian people to know that the United States supports freedom of expression, of association and of due process, and when these rights are systematically violated there is a consequence.”
The Senate vote follows similar pushback from the Donald Trump administration, despite the president's overall support for Sisi's muscular response to perceived security threats. The State Department recently cut $95.7 million in military and economic aid to the country, Reuters reported last month, while withholding another $195 million in foreign military financing pending progress on human rights and democracy.
The proposed cuts to military assistance are remarkable because they mark a rare attempt to cut a source of bilateral aid that is often justified as a reward for Egypt's peace treaty with Israel. Egypt has long been a top recipient of US foreign military financing, and the Trump State Department's budget request for fiscal year 2018 seeks $1.3 billion, just as in years past, even as it proposes slashing aid for most other countries. Similarly, House appropriators voted in July to maintain military aid at current levels.
The Senate's spending proposal would also slash economic aid for Egypt from $112 million this year to $75 million in fiscal year 2018. The State Department is seeking the same amount, while House appropriators by contrast have proposed increasing economic aid to $150 million.
“While we don't comment on the Senate's appropriation products, the House bill reinforces Chairman Rogers' commitment to Egypt as an ally and strategic partner,” said Danielle Smoot, the communications director for Rep. Hal Rogers, R-Ky., the House foreign aid panel chairman.
The proposed aid cuts come after Sisi implemented legislation that bars nongovernmental organizations from engaging in human rights work. The legislation further threatens civil society advocates with fines up to $55,000 and up to five years in prison. A former senior official in the Barack Obama administration, speaking to Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity, attributed the cuts to the recent NGO law, arguing that it has alienated Republicans enough to side with Senate Democrats in cutting US aid.
“What has happened here is that the Egyptians have managed to alienate key Republicans,” the source said.
Indeed, the chairman of the Senate foreign aid panel, Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., derided the law as “draconian” in a joint statement in May with Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain, R-Ariz. The pair called the bill “the latest sign of a growing crackdown on human rights and peaceful dissent in Egypt.”
Graham had previously convened a hearing in April to specifically assess US assistance to Egypt, during which he criticized the Sisi regime for its “undemocratic” trajectory.
“Civil society seems to be deteriorating, their economy is lacking and I really worry about a consolidation of power in a way that's basically undemocratic,” Graham said at the hearing. “I'm not asking Egypt to become America, I'm asking Egypt to become the best that Egypt can be.”
And disturbing news out of Egypt keeps on landing on lawmakers' doorsteps. In a report released today, Human Rights Watch accuses the Sisi government of operating an “assembly line of torture,” including electrocution and rape, against dissidents of all political stripes.
This isn't the first time Senate appropriators have tried to use US foreign assistance to force Sisi's hand in implementing democratic reforms. The Senate previously sought to cut military assistance to Egypt by $300 million and economic aid by $100 million in 2014 following Sisi's coup against the democratically elected government of Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi in 2013. The House at the time won out during negotiations to reconcile the two bills, overruling the Senate on both the military and economic aid cuts.
Here's some important news regarding the Forbidden & Limited Cards List used for high-level tournaments!
We constantly monitor the Decks and cards used at sanctioned events of all levels, from the Yu-Gi-Oh! Championship Series all the way down to local tournaments. Some cards and Decks are always doing better than others, and that's okay. But we need to make sure that no Deck becomes so powerful that it drowns out the others, because you, the Duelists, have always told us that you like to have a wide variety of Decks show up at your tournaments.
There's a lot of buzz these days about the Performapal/Performage Decks that have been growing in strength. And while we always expected this deck to be very strong (or even the strongest), it's strangling some of the other competitive Decks right now, and we're going to take steps to even things out a little bit.
At the same time, we don't want to perform a knee-jerk reaction on the Forbidden & Limited Cards List, because that list isn't just for high-end tournament play, but also for when Duelists play at their friend's house, at school, or wherever their Dueling might take them.
So what we're going to do is implement a new idea called the Adjusted List. The Adjusted List places additional restrictions on certain cards, but only for certain sanctioned events .
Adjusted List Starts February 8, 2016
This particular Adjusted List will take effect beginning February 8, 2016 (Monday) and applies to all tournaments held at Yu-Gi-Oh! Championship Series events, Regional Qualifier events, and UDS Qualifier and Invitational events.
Additionally, Official Tournament Stores are free to use the Adjusted List for their local events if they wish. Be sure and check with your Official Tournament Store to confirm.
Adjusted List events will use the posted Forbidden & Limited Cards List with the following additional restrictions:
Performage Plushfire – Forbidden
Performage Damage Juggler – Forbidden
Tellarknight Ptolemaeus – Forbidden
Performapal Skullcrobat Joker – Limited
Performapal Monkeyboard – Limited
Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer – Limited
The full, applies-everywhere Forbidden & Limited Cards List will be updated in a month or two in its usual manner, and some (perhaps all) of these Adjusted List restrictions will likely get rolled into that. (And some of you are going to ask, “Are we going to get an Adjusted List from now on, half-way between F&L Lists?” And the answer is “Probably not, this is an extreme case. But we'll see how things go.” If you do attend a YCS Event, be sure and come up to let us know your thoughts on this!)
Important Card Errata: Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer
At the same time, we are publishing an erratum to the monster effect text of Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer, to resolve a rules issue. (These errata should be reflected in the official Card Database very shortly.)
Old version:
If this card is Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 cards you control; destroy them, and if you do, add “Performapal” monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand, except “Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer”, equal to the number of monsters destroyed. You can only use this effect of “Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer” once per turn.
Revised version:
If this card is Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 cards you control; destroy them, and if you do, add “Performapal” monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand, except “Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer”, equal to the number of cards destroyed. You can only use this effect of “Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer” once per turn.
The Pendulum Effect is unchanged.
We hope that this Adjusted List will improve everyone's enjoyment at the tournament level. Thank you for your continued support, and happy Dueling!
“You can look the other way once, and it's no big deal, except it makes it easier for you to compromise the next time, and pretty soon that's all you're doing; compromising, because that's the way you think things are done. You know those guys I busted? You think they were the bad guys? Because they weren't, they weren't bad guys, they were just like you and me. Except they compromised… once.” -Jack Bauer
The greatest benefit that I got from doing 20 rep squats wasn't the muscle mass, but the strengthening of my willpower.
After spending an entire afternoon roofing a building under the hot sun, lifting weights was the last thing I wanted to do. Despite this I still went and did my best. I'd down how much weight I'd lifted during each session, and set a goal to do five pounds more during my next work out.
There were a lot of days when I just didn't want to lift. I thought I was “too tired.” I'd tell myself that it was okay to take a day off, I'd craft excuses as to why I should just go home instead. While I came close to caving in, I never ended up missing a day.
I wanted to the results and I knew I needed to complete the process before I could have them.
While I don't have a lot of convictions, at last count there were about seven, I never break them. In fact, I don't even bend them. The moment that you have to start rationalizing your behavior is the moment you've lost.
All those unhappy fat guys with nagging wives and bratty kids didn't get like that overnight. They made the slow and painful descent into unhappiness, somewhere along the way they sold out. They decided that being in a band, or writing a novel, or going on a cross-country adventure was stupid; and that they should get a job at H&R Block instead. Rather than pursue their desires they choose to settle for mediocrity, a decision they have the rest of their lives to regret.
If you do choose to compromise, don't worry. The goal wasn't something you truly wanted anyway. Otherwise you wouldn't have cheated yourself out of it.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
More than 20 Cleveland State University graduate programs are featured in the 2015 edition of U.S. News & World Report's Best Grad Schools, released this week. The rankings highlight top programs to help prospective graduate students make informed choices about which school to attend.
Maxine Goodman Levin College of Urban Affairs
CSU's Maxine Goodman Levin College of Urban Affairs is again No. 2 in the nation for the specialty of City Management and Urban Policy and No. 12 for the specialty of Nonprofit Management. The Levin College is ranked No. 42 overall for Public Affairs.
“Our rankings underscore the commitment of our faculty and the Urban Research Centers to engaging with Cleveland, Northeast Ohio and the state to solve real-world problems,” said Edward (Ned) Hill, dean of the Levin College. “It is part of our commitment to change America's cities one graduate at a time. I am very pleased that our focus on City Management and Urban Policy is among the finest in the nation.”
Cleveland-Marshall College of Law
The Cleveland-Marshall College of Law at CSU ranks No. 115 among law schools, up four places from last year's ranking. Over the past two years, Cleveland-Marshall has risen an impressive 20 points in the rankings, even as law schools across the country face unprecedented challenges.
Cleveland-Marshall is No. 56 for part-time law students.
“We see ourselves as Northeast Ohio's premier legal education institution,” said Cleveland-Marshall Dean Craig M. Boise. “With our emphasis on innovative curricular and classroom methods, and unique programming like our new Master of Legal Studies program and our Health Law Compliance Certification, Cleveland-Marshall continues to offer outstanding legal education options at a great value.”
Mobile Accelerated MBA
The Mobile Accelerated MBA (AMBA) at CSU's Monte Ahuja College of Business is ranked No. 51 among the best online graduate business programs. CSU's AMBA is the top online MBA program in Ohio accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB).
“This is an amazing achievement for us, especially considering that our program was launched only two years ago,” said Elad Granot, assistant dean of MBA programs at CSU. “Moving forward, we aim to provide even more value to our students and alumni as we seek to increase our ranking.”
School of Health Sciences
Some of the graduate programs offered by CSU's School of Health Sciences are ranked among the best in the United States, namely the Occupational Therapy (No. 58), Physical Therapy (No. 99), Physician Assistant (No. 108) and Speech and Hearing (No. 204) programs.
“The outstanding quality of education that our Health Sciences students receive is widely recognized,” said Meredith Bond, dean of the College of Sciences and Health Professions at CSU. “Our Occupational Therapy, Physical Therapy, Physician Assistant and Speech and Hearing graduates are highly sought-after.”
College of Education and Human Services
For graduate education programs, CSU's College of Education and Human Services climbed to No. 135, up 37 places from last year's ranking.
Also appearing in U.S. News & World Report's 2015 Best Grad Schools are other CSU graduate programs at the Monte Ahuja College of Business, the College of Sciences and Health Professions, the Washkewicz College of Engineering, the School of Nursing and the School of Social Work.
Visit grad-schools.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-graduate-schools to view the Best Grad Schools listings in their entirety, as well as the methodology to determine the rankings.
Author notes
~Usage Agreement~
+You may only use my resources in a mod if you ask and obtain permission from me first (Note that there is a less than 1% likelihood that you will not be granted permission if you ask for it)!
+If you receive permission from me, then you must abide by the following rules (This is to ensure that I can maintain the credited modder's standards of resource distribution, as well as my own).
1.)You may not upload a mod containing my assets onto another site besides the Nexus (Exception made for Di0nysys' Apotheosis).
2.)My assets will only be released here, on the Nexus. If you see my resource anywhere else, then they have been released without my permission and I would like to be notified immediately.
3.)You must provide a link to my page under the credits section of your page and give me full credit for my assets.
4.)You must report any and all bugs to me so that I may fix them.
5.)NONE OF MY ASSETS MAY BE USED IN ANY FORM OF PAID MODDING.
6.)If you feature my assets in your mod then you must have permission from me to do so. This means that you can not modify a mod containing my resources as a way of avoiding the request of permission from me.
+Upon violation of any of the aforementioned rules, your rights to use my mod are forfeit.
+If you receive permission from me, then you are granted the following.
1.)You are free to redistribute my assets in unmodified form within your mod.
2.)You are free to request changes from me, for your mod. This means I MAY change a design to better fit your mod.
3.)If you provide a reasonable explanation, a rule MAY be changed for your modding situation.
4.)All users of my assets have the right to showcase my assets via YouTube.
Sweden 'should leave monster EU to protect national sovereignty'
WhatsApp 0 shares
Sweden should follow the example of Brexit and leave the EU if it wants to survive as a sovereign, independent state, according to one of the country's top MEPs.
Peter Lundgren told The Express: “We only have one option to survive as a sovereign state and that's to leave just like the UK are doing now, because the EU has already taken over more and more of the decision rights and it will just increase.
“They are now saying they want direct taxation. That was never the power of the EU in the beginning. It was supposed to make it easier for the states to trade together, not that we'd be part of a superstate.
“I think there will be a huge reaction because it will soon by pretty clear for the remaining states in the project that they will have to put more money into the system.
“There is no intention to slow down it's pedal to the metal – they are never talking about cutbacks. Instead of it being what we wanted in the beginning, a simple trading bloc, they've created this monster that every time wants to take bigger bites out of national sovereignty.”
All over Europe people are waking up to the fact the EU is nothing more than a wolf in sheep's clothing – this lovely, fluffy, bastion of democracy and liberalism is actually a creeping superstate with one intention – power. Britain's leaving, Euroscepticism is on the rise across the continent and Sweden could now be on its way out too. The dream is over, Juncker.
The Iraqi government has denied reports in the local and international media that it has signed a deal with the United States that would allow US forces to stay in Iraq after the defeat of ISIL group in the country.
“We emphasize that there are no combat forces from any country on the Iraqi territories in the first place so that we can discuss [whether] they can stay or not,” said a statement from Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi's office Friday morning.
The government denies having any deals with any foreign country on keeping troops in Iraq post ISIL.
“The Iraqi government did not reach a deal with any country in relations to its military role with Iraq for the stage after the decisive victory over terrorism,” the Iraqi government added.
Baghdad said it has its own plans and strategies to face future challenges by advancing the Iraqi army through training and arming its forces.
Source: Websites
Greg Barton placed his chin in his hand and slouched forward in his office chair. The clock above his office door showed there were 20 minutes left in his shift. While the last 20 minutes were always his least productive, they meant the end of the day was soon approaching and he would soon be able to go home, crack open a beer, and relax in his armchair. Greg knew he wouldn't be able to get anything else done today, so he closed the spreadsheet he was working on and opened up a web browser.
“Barton” came a voice from the other side of his office door. It was loud, succinct, and followed by a single, quick knock. “Hello Mr. Hague” Greg said, as a man with grey hair and a stern expression entered the room. He muted the cat video he was watching and stood to greet his boss. Greg held out his hand, but Mr. Hague just looked at it and placed his own hands in his pockets. “Listen Barton, it's nearly time to leave, so I'll be quick. One of your interns formatted a website for one of your clients completely wrong and since they left three hours ago, I need you to stay behind and fix it.”
Greg did his best to remain stoic in the presence of his boss, but after he left without another word, Greg crumpled down into his chair, resting his forehead against his folded arms on the desk. He gazed down into the crumb-covered scratchy carpeting and regretted, yet again, not seizing the opportunity to defend himself.
By the time he had finished fixing his (now former) intern's mistakes, it was much later than he had anticipated staying that day. The sun had set and it was past dinner time. He only hoped that when he came home Peggy, his Border Collie hadn't torn the place up…again.
Greg grabbed his coat and began the short walk to his apartment. He was not used to the small city in which he worked at this hour. A car slowed down and followed him for a bit before speeding off and running a red light, a homeless man was raucously playing a few upside down trashcans as if they were a drum set, and a dog walking by him trailed an owner-less leash behind it. Greg took the lapels of his jacket in his hands and pulled them closer to his chest.
He continued walking, doing his best to avoid contact with the dead eyes of those that passed him. Greg was about to turn and walk up the stairs to his apartment building when he noticed a small brown square wedged between the concrete steps and recycling bin. He bent down to pick it up and discovered it was a wallet. He considered his options for a brief moment before opening it and attempting to identify to whom it belonged.
…
Greg's gloved hand rapped three times on the door of apartment 27. “Mr…” he squinted at the license card inside the worn leather wallet “Mr. Harmond?” The door suddenly opened, just a crack, restrained by the chain lock several inches above Mr. Harmond's head. “Yes?” He said quietly, darting his eyes back and forth. He was an old man with large glasses that magnified his eyes to twice their normal size. He wore a green Irish cap on his head with small sprouts of wiry grey hair poking out from the sides.
“Hi, sir, my name is Greg. I found your wallet. I just wanted to make sure it got back to you safely.” Once the elderly man spied the worn accessory, his temperament changed completely and his entire face was engulfed by a toothy smile.”God be praised! Thank the Lord for the blessings He hath bestowed upon us.” The door suddenly slammed shut and Greg could hear the chain slide out of the lock on the other side.
“Come in, Greg, come in. Can I get you some tea?” Mr. Harmond says, swinging the door open wide to a neat but cluttered apartment. “Oh, no thank you. I just wanted to return this to you.”
“Very well, maybe just some scones then? I've made them myself, fresh this morning!” The smile Mr. Harmond had spread across his face was so enthusiastic and thankful that Greg knew he would regret not joining the old man for at least five minutes. “Alright, I suppose one scone won't take long.” Greg stepped into the apartment, the smell of carpet cleaner and cat litter immediately hit him. He turned to Mr. Harmond, handed him the wallet, and went to take the seat at the table Mr. Harmond was gesturing towards. “Thank you” replied the old man with a bit of a bow. Mr. Harmond placed the wallet in his pocket and shuffled over to the table. A large plastic red platter of scones sat between them he grabbed one from the top of the pile, placed it on a napkin, and slid it across the table to Greg. As he proceeded to do the same for himself, Greg took a big bite, expecting a soft, flaky bite, maybe spiced up with a blueberry or raisin. Instead, the scone fought back against Greg's teeth and he needed to use his molars to bite through the pastry. Mr. Harmond nibbled around the edges of his scone, still with a serene look on his face.
“So, do you live in this complex?” Mr. Harmond asked. “Yes, I do” replied Greg competing with the dryness consuming the inside of his mouth. “I live on the third floor” he finished before daring himself to take another bite. “Ah, I see. How long have you lived here?”
“About a year. I really like it so far. It's nice that we don't have to pay for utilities. You don't find that very often.”
“No, indeed you don't have the Lord has blessed us abundantly, has He not?” Greg simply smiled and nodded, a few crumbs falling from the corner of his mouth onto the table. “How about you, Mr. Harmond. How long have you lived here?”
“Oh, so long I can barely remember; at least 20 years.”
“Wow, that's quite an accomplishment.”
“Yes, my cat, Genevieve and I have lived here peacefully for quite a while, God be praised.” Greg smiled again, willing himself to keep the last bite of his scone down. “Would you like another scone?” Mr. Harmond asked. “Oh no, thank you. My waistline won't forgive me if I do. They were delicious though.”
“You'll have to stop by for more some time” Mr. Harmond said, excited at the prospect of a new friendship. “Absolutely, for now, I have a long work day to sleep off. Have a good night” Greg says and stands, wiping crumbs from the wrinkles on his shirt and pants. Mr. Harmond's face falls a bit as he sees the crumbs fall onto the carpet in front of Greg. “Greg, I'd like to repay you for finding my wallet. The only picture I have of my son is in this wallet and I was a wreck when I found out it was gone. How much seems fair? $50? $100?”
“Mr. Harmond, I couldn't take your money, really, I just wanted to make sure it made it's way home.”
“Oh, I know!” The old man said excitedly before standing and walking over to the mantle of his fireplace. “Here, this is for you.” Without waiting for a reply, Mr. Harmond placed a snow globe in Greg's hand. It was a heavy globe, one made of glass and hand painted. Inside sat a small village with cobblestone pathways between them. The base was blue and had intertwining vines circling it. The two ends of the painted vines ended around a gold placard that read “Is mian liom” in a calligraphic font. “Wow, this is beautiful. What does this inscription mean?”
“Those are the Irish words for ‘I wish.' It was said this globe could give you powers and make your deepest desires come true; some say at a terrible price.”
“You've never tried it?” Greg inquired “Goodness no! I don't believe in that crockery.”
“Well” Greg began, “I suppose if you insist.” Mr. Harmond nodded and patted the young man on the back. “I do.” he said, with the smile that lit up his face, leading Greg to the door. “Have a good night, Greg and thank you for the company.”
Last Week's Story: Master and me
Next Week's Story: Wishful Thinking Part 2
Did you like this story? Want to read more like it? Check out my collection of short stories now available on Amazon!
Do you like horror movies? Well, I review the shitty ones. Check out my reviews on my other site Snark in the Dark!
Thanks so much for reading. I'd be happy to share my work with you, free of charge. I only ask that you email me at augiepetersonauthor@gmail.com before publishing or using my stories on YouTube channels, podcasts, or for other promotional things.
Dolph Ziggler combines the technical skill of Mr. Perfect, the athletic electricity of Shawn Michaels and the hip gyrations of “Ravishing” Rick Rude all in one superstar. And with John Cena suffering an injured Achilles during the WWE's European tour, this might be Ziggler's chance to not only show off with his World Heavyweight championship, but win the WWE title and unify the belts (it's not like they separate the brands anymore, anyway).
Think about it. If Cena is out for any prolonged period, and with CM Punk at home nursing his knee, this is WWE's opportunity to turn Ziggler into the company's biggest draw. If it was up to me, I'd strip Cena of the belt and send him home to heal, then announce a one-night, eight-man championship tournament, featuring Ziggler, Daniel Bryan, Dean Ambrose, Chris Jericho, Ryback, Brock Lesnar, Sheamus and Randy Orton. The tournament could lead to new feuds, not to mention matchups we've never seen, like Lesnar versus Sheamus and Ambrose versus Jericho. Make the finals between Ziggler and Bryan, with Ziggler ultimately winning (even if it's through some nefarious outside interference, I'm good with that; he's a heel, after all), and then let Ziggler feud with Bryan, Orton and maybe even Lesnar until Cena comes back.
The more wins Ziggler gets and the more he bounces around the ring doing ridiculous stunts for guys like Lesnar (and maybe even the rumored-to-return Dave Batista), the bigger the star you create, ultimately setting up showdowns with both Punk and Cena when they get healthy.
Not only do fans finally get to see some fresh feuds, but you're building up a guy who you can trust the brand with when the current top draws such as Cena hang up the dog tags for good.
Want to talk wrestling with Jon Robinson? Hit him up on Twitter.
Previous rankings:
Jan. 8, 2013 | Jan. 15, 2013 | Jan. 22, 2013 | Jan. 29, 2013 | Feb. 5, 2013 | Feb. 12, 2013 | Feb. 19, 2013 | Feb. 26, 2013 | March 5, 2013 | March 12, 2013 | March 19, 2013 | March 26, 2013 | April 2, 2013 | April 16, 2013 | April 23, 2013
Today we were forwarded a press release being distributed by Quicken Loans about the Detroit-based startup Picket Report, "a new online research tool that helps homebuyers find their perfect neighborhood." And how does it do that? By letting you know about schools, crime, or the danger that your neighbors might not be all that WASPY. Our favorite of the multicolored categories that pops up to describe residents is called Social Pariahs Struggling Societies. It lets you know if your neighbors are likely to be an "economically challenged mix of singles, divorced and widowed individuals in smaller cities and urban areas looking to make ends meet." Basically it lets you know if they might smell like poor people! Oh but there is more than one flavor of that in the grey box.
The system asks you to put a zip code in the rank-o-matic. So we picked America's Cheapest Zip code. Detroit's 48208. It gave us some great new nicknames for who might be our neighbors. Imagine calling over to the porch of an elderly black dude, "Hey SOUL SURIVOR! What is shaking?" or if you see another ethnicity, just say "Hi HARD TIMES, want to come over for beer? I bet you like the cheap kind." If you don't speak Spanish, you may not know the word "cuidad" [SIC*] means city. If you don't speak Quicken start-up, you might not know a CUIDAD STRIVER is a hispanic family that got out of the ghetto and into "mid-scale" living, where they might have been next to SOULFUL SPENDERS, which are upper-middle class black people.
Want to feel like this neighborhood in the 48208 is on the up-and-up. You can boast that the ROLLING THE DICE crowd is also here. No, they are not Detroit casino investors, they are the middle aged people that might be divorced. (Is the dice they are rolling in the dating world? Good luck on Match.com, losers!) So for contrast, we popped in the neighborhood of Bloomfield Hills to see what would happen. See the purple boxes [bottom right] sing out the praises of monied existence. And so now we ask ourselves unanswerable questions. Is it more embarrassing for Detroit that this was born here, or that people might actually use it to decide that Woodbridge is not right for them because it did not sound young and hip (it is).
And is this easily colored-coded rank-o-matic supposed to help people move to downtown Detroit, an area Dan Gilbert supposedly champions? The start-up Picket Report started at Bizdom, "the Detroit-based entrepreneurial accelerator founded by Dan Gilbert, Founder and Chairman of Quicken Loans."
* As a tipster points out, it should be ciudad, not cuidad. We think. We don't speak Quicken Loans.
UPDATE: They fixed el typo as of 2:30 pm.
UPDATE #2: They took down the "Lifestyles" section.
· Picket Report [Official]
This should come as no surprise.
Researcher Helen Radkey has recently discovered records in the Mormon Church's genealogical database indicating that proxy baptisms for deceased holocaust victims continues, despite promises—and even formal agreements—consented to by the LDS Church.
The latest controversy is over the posthumous baptisms of the parents of famous holocaust victims' advocate Simon Wiesenthal. The Jewish human rights center named for Mr. Wiesenthal issued a statement that clearly expresses frustration with the LDS Church:
“We are outraged that such insensitive actions continue in the Mormon Temples. Throughout his life, Simon Wiesenthal especially revered his beloved mother who was deported and murdered at Belzec death camp in 1942. Such actions make a mockery of the many meetings with the top leadership of the Mormon Church dating back to 1995 that focused on the unwanted and unwarranted posthumous baptisms of Jewish Victims of the Nazi Holocaust,” said Rabbi Abraham Cooper, associate dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center and who participated in many of the high-level meetings between Jews with Mormon officials. “We note that these rites were undertaken and confirmed in Mormon Temples in Utah, Arizona, and Idaho. Further meetings with Church leaders on this matter are useless. The only way such insensitive practices would finally stop is if Church leaders finally decided to change their practices and policies on posthumous baptisms, a move which this latest outrage proves that they are unwilling to do. We are grateful to activist Helen Radkey for exposing the latest outrage.”
According to The Salt Lake Tribune, the “Mormon church apologize[d] for baptisms of Wiesenthal's parents,” though an explicit statement of “We're sorry” was not reported.
LDS officials in Salt Lake City were quick to apologize Monday, saying that the Utah-based faith “sincerely regret[s] that the actions of an individual member … led to the inappropriate submission of these names,” which were “clearly against the policy of the church.” “We consider this a serious breach of our protocol,” spokesman Scott Trotter said in a statement, “and we have suspended indefinitely this person's ability to access our genealogy records.”
So after 15 years of broken promises to the Jewish people, the Mormon Church regrets that its protocol was breached. I doubt that this brings much comfort to those deeply wounded by the continuing LDS baptisms of their beloved deceased family members, especially when considered in light of a 2007 statement made by Church spokesman Mark Tuttle. When responding to reports that the Church had “apologized” for the Mountain Meadows Massacre, Mr. Tuttle clarified, “We don't use the word ‘apology.' We used ‘profound regret.'”
As I've said before, proxy Mormon baptism of Jewish Holocaust victims is a very complicated issue. I understand the position of the Jewish community in regards to their deceased ancestors, and I understand the position of the LDS community in regards to their perceived religious duty. There is no easy solution that will fulfill the wishes of everyone. But one thing seems clear: When the Mormon Church makes promises it will not or cannot keep, in the words of Rabbi Cooper, “This wound remains open.”
The promise to the Jewish community about baptism is one empty promise coming out of Mormonism. Another–one that I find deeply troubling–is this: All men (in the company of their spouses) may follow the same path to Godhood as the God of this world, Heavenly Father, has done; the same as all Gods have done before Him.
“We believe in a God who is Himself progressive, whose majesty is intelligence; whose perfection consists in eternal advancement — a Being who has attained His exalted state by a path which now His children are permitted to follow, whose glory it is their heritage to share” (James Talmage, The Articles of Faith, p. 430). “The Lord created you and me for the purpose of becoming Gods like Himself; when we have been proved in our present capacity, and been faithful with all things He puts into our possession. We are created, we are born for the express purpose of growing up from the low estate of manhood, to become Gods like unto our Father in heaven. That is the truth about it, just as it is” (Brigham Young, Journal of Discourses 3:93). “Here, then, is eternal life–to know the only wise and true God; and you have got to learn how to be Gods yourselves, and to be kings and priests to God, the same as all Gods have done before you, namely, by going from one small degree to another, and from a small capacity to a great one; from grace to grace, from exaltation to exaltation, until you attain to the resurrection of the dead and are able to dwell in everlasting burnings, and to sit in glory, as do those who sit enthroned in everlasting power” (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, 346-347).
According to the Bible, this is a promise that cannot be kept (e.g., see Isaiah 43:10; Isaiah 44:8; Isaiah 46:9; Malachi 3:6; Psalm 90:2)–and its failure will cost those who trust in it their very souls.
I plead with those who cling to Mormonism's empty promises to turn from them and instead place your faith in the One True God–the One who promises eternal life to all who trust in Him (John 3:16). With full confidence, place your faith in the One whose promises cannot fail.
Get top one, within short time
Here you will get all the necessary information and reviews on best lawn mowers. If you are in a hurry or don't have enough patience to go through the whole writings, we recommend you going through Top Picks. Select one which is the best suited for you. Then visit the comparison chart of that kind. For the guidance, We have included different categories into the list, e.g., top rated, cheapest, best picks, and many others. We have also added a brief overview in the comparison chart.
There is another way to save your time. Just go through the top pick section choose the best one fitted for you.
Which one is the best for you?
Choosing the best machine is a hard task. Several factors should keep in your mind. The very first thing is the size of your yard. If your garden size is small, mower tractor is worthless. In the case of the large garden, regular Push Reel Mower has no value at all. So, before buying a mower, consider the yard size first. If anyone is careful about the grass size, then s/he should know about the facilities of different mowers.
Are you in Dilemma? We have created lawn mower buying guide for you that will help to buy the perfect mower.
If you are confident enough, just chase the following section. The subsequent section deals with best of the best mowers.
Better than the best
You are in a decision to buy the best mower. You know which type is perfect for you. If you are in final decision to buy, want to get the best one for your garden. Here are our best picks which are filtered from the top list of mowers. That's why we called it better than the best.
(Some makes and models of cars mentioned have been omitted to protect the guilty!)
I'm going to sound like a conspiracy theorist – it's my grumpy rant about oil-change interval for our many beloved automobiles. I don't know why, but I get terribly bugged by this every time I happen to buy a new car – which I did last month. I just feel liked being “bullied” into not making the right decisions about our environment and my pocket book.
For years, the recommended oil change interval for gas-powered cars in the US has been every 3,000 miles. This 3,000 miles interval is so well programmed into the psyche of the driving public that for many, drivers, mechanics, and dealers alike, it's sacrosanct. I'm trying to break a superstitious habit.
Let's start with the fundamentals – why we need to change the oil in the engine? Because oil gets “used up.” This means that after being in the engine crankcase, churned at high temperature by the crankshaft and circulated throughout the bearings, it will eventually lose it's lubrication quality. This lost of lubrication is due to contamination from the engine (anti-freeze, unburned gasoline, metallic particulates from the bearing) and physical destruction of the oil molecules due to intense heat and sheer forces which the oil is subjected to.
But why 3,000 miles? This number has been considered the useful life of the oil and everyone who is alive today seem to know that number from “way back when I first learn to drive!” Some 30 years ago, it was brought to my attention that we in the US may have been taken for a ride. A visiting scholar from the UK decided to buy a car while he and his family were in the US so they could see the country. He bought the same car (make and model) as his own at home as he's familiar with it. As the shade-tree mechanic at that institute, I was asked to help him check out his find. His first question after scanning through the US version of the owner's manual was why the recommendation to change oil very 3,000 miles whereas the identical model he owned in the UK had a recommendation of 7,500 miles interval. Oh really? I did an informal survey among our overseas visitors from Germany, Japan, UK and France and indeed everyone said that their oil change intervals at home were anywhere from 5,000 miles to 10,000 miles. So, was their oil better than ours? Is their driving conditions less demanding? Are their gasoline (petrol) cleaner? The answers were no, no, and no. Car owners outside the US were just not brainwashed with the superstition that oil only lasts 3,000 miles.
15 years ago – I bought myself a brand new luxury car and the recommended oil change interval list in the users manual was every 7,500 miles! Wow.. finally? But no – after signing all the papers for the purchase, I was introduced to the service manager and the first thing he reminded me was to make sure I bring the car back every 3,000 miles for an oil change! No, no, no.. I protested – the manufacturer recommended 7,500. I also found out that the same car sold in it's native country of Japan (but under a different make and model name) had a recommended oil change interval of 15,000 kilometers (almost 10,000 miles.) So, nice Mr Service manager started to explain to me why I should ignore the manufacturer's recommendation and get the oil changed every 3,000 miles. It's CHEAP INSURANCE to protect an expensive car. I was not convinced – and assured him that I will bring my car back to his dealership every 7,500 miles for an oil change – and since they have very good record keeping, I don't expect them to hassle me about my warranty if anything goes wrong with the fine engine during the warranty period. (It also helped that their charge for oil change was only $10 more than the neighborhood quick-change outfit and they have thrown in a free rental car for the day and they wash my luxury-mobile before I pick it up – so is worth taking it to them.) But after each oil change, they put a sticker on my window to bring the car back after 3,000 miles – which I duly ignore and brought the car in again at 7,500-mile interval plus or minus 200 miles. They never harassed me again for a couple of years until a new service manager came on board and he started all over again about bringing the car in very 3,000 miles.
In the last 50 years, technologies we encountered in every aspect of our lives have improved greatly – so why not the automobile industry? Shouldn't oil have a longer useful life now than 50 years ago? Shouldn't the oil filters be better at removing contaminants from the oil then 50 years ago? Shouldn't metallurgy have improved the engine bearings? Shouldn't engines have a much better combustion control systems to keep uncombusted contaminates off the crankcase? The answers are of course yes, yes, and yes! But we are being bullied and intimated by the purveyors of more frequent oil change proponents who have a lot to gain by our acquiescence to their scare tactics?
To satisfy my own curiosity and to shut Mr Service Manager up, I decided to actually send my oil to a lab to be tested. There are many laboratories that will test used oil and will give you a list of contaminants and a report of the general health and well being of the engine from which the oil came from. It only cost about $25 and a 4 oz sample of your oil. Many large fleet owners use these labs rather than depend on mileage or hours of operations to determine when oil should be changed. (Google “oil analysis” and you'll find these companies.) When my luxury mobile had about 120,000 miles, I sent in a sample each at 3,000, 5,000 and 7,000 miles after the oil change. The results that came back was astonishing and very educational. It showed that all the 3 samples had pretty much identical metallic contamination – very very low – indicating very little wearing of the engine. They all indicated no anti-freeze – indicating that the head gaskets were good and the integrity of the engine block. The oil analysis report also indicated no gasoline contamination – indicating that the piston rings and combustion metering was perfect. Most importantly, the report indicated that all three samples showed very little change in viscosity over the period of use, indicating that the oil had not deteriorated. I shared the reports with the service manager, buttering him up with kudos for the fine engineering of the brand's car engine. He was satisfied that I'm not ruining the car by changing oil every 7,500 miles – I claim that I could have gone another 7,500 miles with the state of the oil they just poured out.
But the saga continues. At 200,000 miles, with the car in almost mint condition and engine purring like a kitten, I traded it in for a Hybrid. (I missed my 14-speaker, power-everything luxury-mobile but changing from a 15 mpg to 50 mpg commute-mobile was good for my pocket book and green-conscience.) My new hybrid came with a factory recommendation of 10,000 miles between oil change. Hallelujah – amazing – a manufacturer finally stepped up to the plate and is willing to say that oil chemistry, engines control and fluid filtering technologies have improved and we don't have to waste oil changing it so often when it's obviously not needed. But guess what, after the first 10,000 miles with the hybrid, when I brought it in for its first oil change, I was accosted by the service manager who tried to convince and cajole (more like cohere and threaten) me into bringing it in for oil changes every 3,000 miles! No.. No.. NO.. I protested – unless he can show me a recall notice, service bulletin or service manual addendum from the manufacturer, I will stay with the recommendation printed in the users manual. So, I duly took the hybrid in to the dealer every 10,000 miles for the oil change and they duly slap a next-service reminder sticker after each service to come back in 3,000 miles, which I duly ignore!
Last month, I succumbed to the ultra-cuteness of the Smart Car “fortwo” model (even the model name is too cute!) and bought one. To overjoy salesman was more than eager to tell me all the great things about the little bugsy looking two-seater – the highlight of which was that it only needs service (ie oil change) every 10,000 miles. I starred at him with a look of incredulity! “Yea, that's what you and the manual say, but what would your service manager tell me?” I hissed. So, we walked over to the service manager's office and I asked him directly to which he replied “we do what the service manual says and if it says oil change every 10,000 miles, then every 10,000 miles it is.” Now, that's different.. but we'll see. I only have 950 miles on the little thing and when I bring it back at 10,000, I know if he really meant it.
So, if I were to make this 3,000 mile oil change nonsense into a conspiracy, who is perpetuating it and who benefits from perpetuating it? Every good conspiracy theory has to have a beneficiary (usually the US Government, Big-Pharma, etc) The three obvious suspects are 1) Oil Companies, 2) Car manufacturer and 3) Oil Change service industry including car dealerships.
Oil companies are one of the least beloved industries in this country so it's tempting but as I see it, we cannot hang this one on them. Yes, they'll sell more oil if we change more often but they can charge more for longer lasting oil. In fact many brands proudly tout that you can leave their oil in for 25,000 miles and more. It is in their interest to flaunt how good their oil is and give customers more confidence in using their brand. They make money charging 5 times more for oil that will last 3 time longer. It's good profit for them. Car manufactures are recommending longer and longer intervals between oil changes. Intervals of 5,000, 7,500 mile intervals are very common and many are recommending 10,000 miles intervals. They understand that their engines are much better made than 50 years ago with higher quality material, more accurate fuel/air mixing resulting in cleaner burning engines. Since they have to underwrite the warranty for their engines, it is in their interest to recommend the longest possible interval they can statistically justify. So, if they recommend 10,000 miles you can be assured that it will be good, for the penalty is on them to fix a bad engine at a cost to them financially and more importantly, their reputation. Oil Change businesses are the only ones to lose if you change your oil less often. As car engines become more and more reliable; as computer technology took over more and more of the engine control, there is less and fewer things that are repairable in the engine. The modern automobile engines are now so complicated and computerized that most of the problem can only be diagnosed by specialized computers and software, specialized for a particular make and model of the engine. This means that dealers are doing most of the repairs but even then, with the reliability, their main income stream may well be the “routine” maintenance, oil change being one of them. They want to scare you into bringing your car back for more “routine” maintenance. The street corner gas station has long gotten out of the repair or maintenance business. The “quick-change-while-U-wait” is the fast-food equivalent for the auto-industry and is entirely dependent on routine maintenance. They really really want (need) you to visit them every 3,000 miles to stay in business. In addition to changing oil, they will also try to sell you additives for every liquid in your car. They will try to convince the naive and uninitiated to buy the additives and come back more often for oil changes by showing them how “discolored” the oils are compared to new clear right off the can samples. How else can “Quicklee Lube” charge only $19.95 for an oil change? Note: discoloration of your engine oil after even a mile of driving is not an indication of anything special!
Seriously, I don't know if there really is a conspiracy perpetrated by the oil change businesses. It is really up to us consumers to rid ourselves of this superstition that oil formulated by laboratories with 21st Century know-how and used in engines with advance electronic management can only be good only for 3,000 miles. The manufacturers know better – go with their recommendation for they have everything to lose by recommending too long an interval. If there is a problem with what they recommend in the owners manual, they will have a service bulletin issued to the dealers and an amendment to your manual. Don't waste oil – yes, I know they get recycled but why waste the resources to recycle more oil than is needed. And especially for your pocket book and inconvenience, why change oil 2 or 3 times more frequent than is really needed.
End rant ..
CANTON, I LL . -- A mile down an unpaved road on the outskirts of Canton, Ill., population 14,500, stands a shuttered ethanol plant. Corn farmers in the area chipped in $5,000 to $300,000 each -- some even mortgaged their farms -- to form the Central Illinois Energy Cooperative. They broke ground on the refinery in 2006, hoping that ethanol would bring higher prices for their corn and more jobs for Canton, which has been hurting since International Harvester closed its plow factory in 1983. But the ethanol plant was a poor replacement. Central Illinois Energy, the corporation that built the plant, went bankrupt in December 2007 without producing a drop of fuel, hurt by construction delays and $40 million in cost overruns. The 260 farmers in the co-op lost every dime. Some of them blame the flameout on a poker-loving, libertarian math savant named Andy Redleaf, whose hedge-fund firm, Whitebox Advisors, now controls the plant. With $2.7 billion in assets, Minneapolis-based Whitebox is one of a small group of bottom-fishing hedge funds looking to profit from the ethanol collapse. They're sifting through the wreckage of a highflying industry that started falling to earth on June 20, 2006. That day, the price of ethanol, the main ingredient in moonshine whiskey, peaked at $4.23 a gallon on the Chicago Board of Trade, buoyed by a strong economy and President George W. Bush's pledge to replace 75 percent of the oil the United States imports from the Middle East with ethanol by 2025. Distillers erected dozens of ethanol plants across the Great Plains, backed by some very smart money. Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates invested $84 million in Pacific Ethanol, based in Sacramento. Hedge fund managers David Einhorn and Daniel Loeb backed Denver-based BioFuel Energy Corp.
Then the financial crisis hit. Demand waned, and supply surged. BioFuel has made money in just two quarters since going public in June 2007. By December 2008, the price of ethanol had collapsed to $1.40 a gallon. Pacific Ethanol's plants went bankrupt. "There was too much built too quickly, with too much leverage," says Neil Koehler, the company's chief executive officer. Redleaf, 52, is an unlikely ethanol speculator. He rails against government bailouts on his blog and in his frequent letters to investors. Ethanol is an easy target for conservatives like Redleaf. The government gives refiners a 45-cent tax credit on every gallon they blend with gasoline and levies a 54-cent-a-gallon protective tariff on competing fuel made from Brazilian sugar cane. In return, it requires oil refiners to mix more ethanol into their gasoline each year. This year, the quota is 12 billion gallons. Whitebox's involvement in the Canton ethanol plant started when it bought a fraction of an $87.5 million syndicated loan for the farmers' cooperative in April 2006. It was part of a bigger ethanol play. Redleaf also bought $28.4 million of bonds issued by Pekin, Ill.-based Aventine Renewable Energy Holdings when it emerged from bankruptcy in March, a right he had as a holder of Aventine's original debt. And he owned bonds issued by bankrupt Sioux Falls, S.D.-based VeraSun Energy, which raised $420 million in a 2006 public offering and operated 16 ethanol plants before it went under. Another hedge-fund firm, New York-based Brigade Capital Management, also bought debt of Aventine and VeraSun. Unlike those companies, Central Illinois Energy, or CIE, didn't have any shares to short. When the bonds crashed, Redleaf could have taken the loss and moved on. Instead, he took control of the plant in bankruptcy. That's a source of bitterness in Canton. Before CIE went bust, the farmers sought a new loan from Whitebox. They were offered about a 20 percent interest rate, and Whitebox, already a small holder of the plant's equity, was to get 25 percent more as a fee, says Jay Sutor, a farmer-investor. The farmers balked.
(CNN) -- If you want the fastest internet connection in America, it may be wise to skip Silicon Valley and New York. Instead, look to southern Tennessee.
The unlikely city of Chattanooga says it began offering one-gigabit-per-second internet upload and download speeds Monday, a rate it says is the fastest in the United States -- and 250 times the average internet speed in the nation.
The city says the move is an investment in the future.
"It's like any other leading technology, people will invent ways to use it," said Ron Littlefield, mayor of the city of 170,000. "And having it here will bring those inventive minds to focus in Chattanooga."
The faster speeds won't come cheap, however. EPB, the city-owned power company offering the one-gig speeds, will charge about $350 per month for the ultra-fast service.
Harold DePriest, CEO of EPB, said the company is not sure how to price the service since such download and upload rates are unprecedented in the U.S.
"It's a pretty big monthly bill. And a gig is a pretty big speed," he said. "We really don't quite know how to price it. Nobody else has done a gig in this country, and that means we don't know exactly how much it will cost us to offer it."
The faster broadband internet speeds mostly will appeal to business owners, although they are available to residents as well, DePriest said.
Chattanooga's mayor says he won't pay for the higher speeds in his home.
"I don't think I need one gig right now," he said. "I'd need it for about five minutes and I could download the entire text of the Library of Congress [in that time] and that would be enough. I already have the 30-megabit [per second] service and it's lightning fast."
He added: "I do believe there are doctors and engineers and people in the entertainment business and others that will need it and utilize it."
The mayor's connection speed costs less than $60 per month.
Chattanooga's announcement comes at a time when the United States is focused on broadband speeds. The Federal Communication Commission in March announced a plan to try to speed up U.S. internet connections, which reports say are woefully slower than those in some other countries.
That plan would put 100-megabit-per-second connections in 100 million American homes by 2020. Those speeds would be a 10th as fast as those reportedly offered in Chattanooga as of Monday.
The tech giant Google also has thrown itself into the issue. In February, the Mountain View, California, company announced a program called Google Fiber for Communities, which aims to bring internet connections on par with those in Chattanooga to one or more municipalities.
In a blog post about that program, Google product managers Minnie Ingersoll and James Kelly list some of the benefits of faster internet connections, which Google sees as a booster of economic development.
"Imagine sitting in a rural health clinic, streaming three-dimensional medical imaging over the Web and discussing a unique condition with a specialist in New York. Or downloading a high-definition, full-length feature film in less than five minutes. Or collaborating with classmates around the world while watching live 3-D video of a university lecture," the Google employees wrote. "Universal, ultra high-speed Internet access will make all this and more possible."
The search-engine company asked mayors to send in applications to the program, and Google said it will choose a location or locations for the project later this year.
Several mayors pulled wild publicity stunts to grab Google's attention. The mayor of Topeka, Kansas, for instance, temporarily changed the name of his city to Google, Kansas.
Chattanooga didn't participate in the hoopla because its plans for an upgrade were already under way at the time, said Littlefield, the city's mayor.
Verizon also has tested one-gig broadband connections.
DePriest, of the power company in Chattanooga, said the one-gig speeds became available on Monday to 100,000 of his company's 170,000 customers.
The faster speeds will be available to everyone in the company's coverage area, which includes rural areas around the city and extends into north Georgia, by the end of the year, he said.
The quicker connections are achieved primarily by stringing high-speed, fiber-optic cable directly into homes and businesses. Most cities connect homes to a fiber optic network with copper wires, which slow the transmission speed, DePriest said.
When asked why Chattanooga was the first in the U.S. to offer such speeds to residential customers, DePriest said, "Maybe we're the only ones silly enough to do it."
He added, "The technology has been around a while to put together a system that would consistently deliver a gig, but the financial option has not been there for a lot of companies."
The city was already in the middle of upgrading its power grid and internet infrastructure, in part with the help of a $111 million grant from the Department of Energy, DePriest said.
Beefing up the city's broadband speeds at the same time, he said, presented "a fairly minimal additional cost to us."
"As far as we know, it is by far the fastest in the U.S. and among the fastest in the world," he said.
On these pages last week, Shane Fitzgerald, a young graduate of University College Dublin, wrote about the Government's failure to deliver on its promise of a bright future in Ireland for him and his generation. Rather than draw the dole here, he left recession Ireland behind him – departing “these bankrupt shores” for London. His experience rang true for many online readers, some of whom reacted with strong antipathy towards our politicians. Here is an edited selection of how they see Ireland and its politicians.
JAY:BORN and educated in Dublin, I emigrated to Canada in my 20s after working around the British Isles for a few years after graduation. My best advice, based on my very varied, interesting and relatively successful life filled with rich experiences and career choices, is to leave now and enjoy your life.
Ireland is a disaster. It is sorely mismanaged and misruled and destroyed by its own absurdity. There is corruption in the Government, banks, business, police, law, and even the Catholic Church (Home Rule was certainly Rome rule).
And it seems we learn nothing. The UK is also in dire economic straits and offers nothing much different from Ireland (how could it?), only with less corruption. North America, New Zealand and Australia (where I now live) are all beautiful, and are happy to welcome people from our islands, their ancestral home.
It's all out there for you. Go now while you are young.
Chris:I signed out of the country in the late 1970s. And stayed out until the 1990s. In many ways I regret coming back. This is a very difficult country to try to survive in. Everything seems stacked against the ordinary person. We are expected to pay, pay, pay and get very little in return.
There seems to be one law for certain groups in society and a very different law for ordinary taxpayers.
At the moment I am looking down a very long, dark tunnel as I see no chance of Ireland being able to pull herself up by her bootstraps because we have an absolutely incompetent Government and a public sector which, in the main, is extremely selfish. Worse than that, there are many in public sector who are willing to abuse their power to punish the private sector or those who have become unemployed.
I don't blame young people for leaving; what incentive is there to stay? Even if they work hard all their lives and pay their taxes they will never attain the security or standard of living of the Nordic countries. Waving goodbye to our young will become increasingly normal. And once they experience the good life they most likely will not want to come back. It seems to be Ireland's tragedy and her fate.
Pocaifolmha:Welcome to the diaspora, Shane, you have done just what the Brian Lenihans of this world wanted you to do: reduced the unemployment register and become a potential source of external revenue.
You are now a nonentity in the eyes of the Irish Government. You do not have the right to vote and will be considered as a tourist in your own country. This situation is not your fault but your parents and relatives may not have not helped by their complacency in voting for the crooks that run Ireland and not demanding change.
A country that continually loses its brightest and best will never make progress. You and your friends should really be rioting in the streets like the French would but the Irish have been put down for so long there is no fight left in them. Don't think that things will change in near future because if Nama floats it will at least 10 years before things improve.
Eamon3:If it is any consolation to the class of 2009, graduating earlier would not have been a panacea. My son graduated in 2003 and spent over five years in excellent well-paid jobs, buying an apartment during the boom. After spending the first two months of 2009 on the dole, he secured employment on the Continent.
Returning to Ireland is now something he hopes never to have to consider. This is how our leaders can assert that the growth in unemployment is slowing down.
Catherine P:I am currently making plans to leave this country, with no hope of ever returning to live here. I did not take part in any of the insanity of the last few years when I was working full time; I have no debts or mortgage. But I am one of the many that is paying the price.
I have seen precious little indication that the current Government or Civil Service have the interests of the country at heart. All I have seen in the last 12 months is the usual self-involved behaviour that has become more endemic in this country.
There are people out there who genuinely want to make this a better country to live in, but there are more people in all sectors of our society who are so obsessed about their entitlements that any sense of social responsibility has long gone.
Paddy Behan:I left Irish shores two months ago now, along with my wife and five-month-old son. I left a permanent teaching job in the heart of Kilkenny. I was very happy and content, my wife sadly was not. So, here I am now, no more that one mile from the beach, earning €80,000 tax free a year. My wife has a good job and is being treated with respect.
My son has his own nanny, at a fraction of the cost in Ireland. Good, Catholic Ireland, eh? My advice is got out while you can. The metaphor of rats leaving a sinking ship invades my mind every time I think of home. Sorry, but that's the truth. I wish you all the very best of Irish luck, whatever that means nowadays.
Penguin:What about those who voted these criminals into a position of power? Two years ago the electorate bought into the “greed is good” philosophy (as in all recent Dáil elections) and this is the result. While I strongly sympathise with Shane, enjoyed his article, and might consider doing the same (head for foreign shores) were I his age, sometimes you just have to make a stand and say “this has gone far enough”.
Joe:I'm planning on leaving soon. Many of my friends have left already. Australia, the US, parts of continental Europe. Even Irish friends of mine are working in Eastern Europe. All of them are having the time of their lives.
Ireland is a very complex country, regulated by a rigid, mostly unspoken ideology; an ideology that looks confusing, contradictory and even idiotic to those who don't benefit from it, and as natural and as just as the holy law of God to those who do.
Ireland's future does not look very bright – but for myself and many others it's not our future, it's not our concern.
Sean Reynolds:The economy is in the toilet in my view, and will be for some time yet. I graduated in 2008 and after a short part-time contract, Government cuts led to my peanuts job being cut while the “higher-ups” were insulated from cutbacks.
The Government has completely blown the benefits of the Celtic Tiger, and put nothing away for a rainy day.
I have zero faith in the Government, they do not understand the problems ordinary folk have and just don't seem to care. While I wouldn't find it easy to move abroad, it is something I am actively contemplating because this economy is wrecked.
Robert Browne:I have every sympathy with Shane Fitzgerald and the shame is clearly on our useless and utterly corrupt Government, aided and abetted by the likes of Ictu.
Lshields:Funny that Shane can't say anything good about Ireland, but is still happy enough to take Irish Times money though.
Bobs:What a bunch of whingers, none of ye were crying when the money was coming in. Nobody asked where it was coming from or how long it would last because in reality ye didn't want to know.
Now it's all somebody else's fault – collective schizophrenia.
So, a couple of weeks ago, Akemi and I watched a documentary about artist Ushio Shinohara and his wife (and fellow artist) Noriko. Ushio is known for his boxing paintings which involve him donning a pair of boxing gloves, dipping them in paint, and then pummelling out his artistic expression on canvas.
The film, by Zachary Heinzerling, is great and you should definitely check it out on Netflix. Anyway, it inspired our Bubba – not a boxer but a pug – to do a little artistic pummelling of his own. With a little help from Akemi and I…
The artist double-checks his equipment.
Sourced from Michael's and the local Pet View: paints, painting equipment, sponges, doggy socks and booties.
Akemi spent much of last night, carefully cutting out tiny little circular sponges she then glued to rubber dog booties.
She chose to go blue – dark and light.
And set up the mini canvases at a dedicated boxing/painting station.
The artist was outfitted with the proper equipment.
Then transferred over to yours truly who would help direct his artistic expression.
Ready to punch out a masterpiece!
Bubba creates!
Bubba proudly displays his work.
Now to get these babies framed.
A hard-earned rest.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
UK may invoke EU laws promoting free movement across EU borders as Madrid reportedly look to take dispute to UN
David Cameron is considering unprecedented legal action against Spain over the imposition of "politically motivated and disproportionate" border checks with Gibraltar, Downing Street said today.
The warning coincided with the departure of a British warship for the territory, played down by the British and Spanish governments as part of a long planned, routine exercise but which underscored heightened tensions over the territory.
The threat of legal action follows Madrid's decision to increase controls at the Spanish border that have led to delays of several hours for people travelling to and from the overseas territory. Spain has also raised the prospect of a €50 fee for crossing the border.
The move was greeted with disdain in Madrid, where the foreign minister said Spain would not back down on the border controls, which it regarded as a proportionate step to prevent money laundering and smuggling of tobacco and other products from Gibraltar. It follows weeks of escalating tension between the two governments after Gibraltar created an artificial reef which Spain claims has blocked its fishing vessels.
Cameron is hoping to use the European courts to ensure the Spanish government allows the free movement of people across the border with Gibraltar, the prime minister's spokesman said.
"The prime minister is disappointed by the failure of the Spanish to remove the additional border checks this weekend and we are now considering what legal action is open to us," he said.
"This would be an unprecedented step and so we would want to make [any decision] carefully.
"If we go down this route we will certainly press the EU to pursue this as a matter of urgency. They need to de-escalate this issue by the removal of border checks. We feel that these delays are politically motivated and disproportionate. That would be illegal under EU law and contrary to the right of free movement."
A European commission spokesman, Jonathan Todd, confirmed that commission officials would travel to Gibraltar in September. "They will be there to verify compliance with EU rules on frontier controls," he said.
No 10 suggested last week that David Cameron had won an assurance from Mariano Rajoy, the Spanish prime minister, that the controls would be lifted over the weekend. But Spain challenged the British version of the conversation.
Asked whether the government was considering other forms of action, the prime minister's spokesman said there were "other options" but declined to say what they were.
Motorists in Gibraltar have reported waiting up to seven hours at the border in recent weeks, with the longest queues forming at weekends.
According to reports, Spain may take its case to the United Nations, while the El País newspaper said it would seek support from Argentina, which disputes Britain's sovereignty of the Falkland Islands .
El País newspaper said that Spanish foreign minister, José García-Margallo will sound out his Argentinian counterpart, Héctor Timerman, during a meeting in Buenos Aires next month as he prepares for a "180-degree turn in policy towards the colony", the newspaper said.
Argentina has a two-year term as nonpermanent member of the UN's security council and could potentially use its position to put discussions about Gibraltar on the agenda.
The country's president, Cristina Kirchner, used a meeting of the council this week to renew demands for talks over the sovereignty of the Falklands.
Spain is also considering the possibility of raising the matter of Gibraltar at the UN's general assembly or the international court of justice at The Hague, diplomatic sources reportedly told El País.
Political tensions in the region flared after the territory began work on a concrete reef, which Spain claims will destroy local fishing. The issues to be raised at the UN could include disputed waters, Britain's failure to comply with past UN resolutions, and the disputed stretch of land which links Gibraltar and Spain, he said.
Boris Johnson entered the row on Monday, by saying the Spanish government's actions were reminiscent of the "Franco epoch" and that he hopes the UK will "prise Spanish hands off the throat of our colony".
Thousands of Royal Navy personnel set sail for a training exercise in the Mediterranean amid the diplomatic tensions. The helicopter carrier HMS Illustrious left Portsmouth naval base in Hampshire and will join the navy flagship HMS Bulwark, which has sailed from Devonport for the Cougar 13 operation.
Also sailing on Tuesday will be HMS Westminster, a type 23 frigates, which will visit Gibraltar en route.
The fleet will also include another type 23 frigates, HMS Montrose, and six Royal Fleet Auxiliary (RFA) ships.
The vessels will be taking part in what defence officials stressed was a long-scheduled deployment.
Most Westerners have no idea where N'Djamena is. Al Jazeera English operates a news bureau there (it's the capital of Chad).
AJE also has correspondents in Juba, Diyarbakir, Harare, Khartoum, Nouakchott, Skopje, and about 65 other cities, including a North American metropolis all but ignored by big U.S. media: Toronto.
The network, owned and operated by the Emirate of Qatar, no longer has anything to prove about the quality of its journalism. It has won all sorts of prestigious awards and broken all sorts of stories.
It is now in 80 million homes worldwide, and is known in our business as the outfit that's always in places nobody else covers.
Late last year, for example, as the rest of the English-language media were concentrating on the crisis in Egypt, AJE's Nazanine Moshiri was travelling with the M23 rebels in the Democratic Republic of Congo, broadcasting live several times a day.
That sort of thing has made the network a must-watch for agencies like the U.S. State Department, especially as Western networks and newspapers scale back, closing their foreign bureaus wholesale.
But Americans with enough savvy to seek out AJE must do so on the internet. Because after more than six years of operation, the network remains effectively locked out of the American cable TV market.
Last week, after the announcement that AJE had bought Al Gore's Current TV (for something like $500 million), and with it access to as many as 40 million American homes, Time Warner immediately announced it was dropping Current from its cable roster.
The move was reminiscent of the Comcast decision not to carry AJE here when the network first launched in 2006.
It's been a pattern. The country that, in the name of free speech, allows flag-burning, Ku Klux Klan marches and protests at military funerals by religious zealots hoisting "God hates fags" placards decided years ago that AJE represents the kind of speech it simply cannot tolerate.
"It's insane that a country as important and as vibrant and diverse as the United States would have such a banana republic approach to news and information," says Tony Burman, the former CBC editor-in-chief who spent years as AJE's managing director, trying to win cable TV carriage in the U.S. market.
"The fear-mongering has been surreal."
Anti-American?
AJE is widely available in Canada, albeit way up the dial on most cable outlets, and recently did a deal with Virgin Media in the U.K., which means it can be found on almost all the main British TV platforms.
But from its inception, the network has faced a powerful self-interested corporate pushback here in the U.S.
Employees of the English-language satellite news channel AJE, in the control room in Doha, Qatar. Now it has a toehold in the big U.S. market. (Fadi Al-Assaad / Reuters)
After the Current TV sale was announced last week, Fox News Channel's Bill O'Reilly fulminated about such an asset going to "an anti-American network."
Religious and political forces opposed it, too.
Just as Canadian ambassadors spent years battling false rumours that the 9/11 attackers entered the U.S. from Canada, Burman spent much of his time here debunking ridiculous stories about AJE airing beheadings of American soldiers by al-Qaeda.
The Bush administration, in particular, painted AJE and its Arabic-language parent, Al Jazeera, as little more than puppets for Osama bin Laden.
That's always seemed a bit odd, given that Qatar has largely aligned itself with Washington's agenda of reform in the Arab world.
Though it is true that Al Jazeera's Arabic-language mother ship has at times been a journalistic embarrassment.
In 2008, Arabic Al Jazeera's Beirut bureau actually threw an on-air party for Samir Kuntar after his release by Israel in a prisoner swap. Kuntar, a self-styled freedom fighter from Lebanon, killed an Israeli man in front of his daughter in 1979, then bashed the little girl's skull in with a rock.
The fact that Osama bin Laden chose the Arabic-language Al Jazeera for his first post-9/11 interview didn't help the network's image here in the U.S. either.
(Ironically, Al Jazeera chose not to broadcast the interview, which amounted to little more than a sermon by bin Laden. Excerpts finally ran on CNN after al-Qaeda released its copy of the video, but Al Jazeera took the blame for airing it.)
Al Jazeera English, though, is nothing like its Arabic sister network. Its standards and judgment are in line with Western journalistic tradition, although, like Fox News Channel and other cable networks here, AJE doesn't bother hiding its political bias.
AJE is suspicious of American militarism, dubious about globalization and overtly sympathetic to poorer nations.
Robert D. Kaplan of the Atlantic magazine, an authority on international security, calls this a "middle of the road, developing world viewpoint."
It is also plainly pro-Palestinian, which has made AJE the target of one of Washington's more powerful interest groups.
Storming the U.S. market
"I think the pro-Israel lobby in the U.S. works overtime to demean and defame Al Jazeera," says Burman. "And I think that they, in concert with some of the political forces, have basically persuaded many of the cable companies that there will be a backlash from viewers if they dare carry Al Jazeera."
That has not been the case in the handful of small markets where Burman managed to get Al Jazeera English on the air: Washington, DC; Toledo, Ohio; and Burlington, Vermont. In fact, in Vermont, there was a pro-AJE backlash against the network's detractors.
The emir of Qatar, Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani, a leader, many say, with the strategic vision and wealth to be a player in the Middle East. (Wissam Nassar / Reuters)
Burman, and many others here, believe that Al Jazeera English, with its vast network of correspondents reporting from places that most Western news outlets simply ignore, could only be a welcome change from the incessant yammering of the cable-TV talking-head echo chamber.
So the network plows ahead. Time Warner may have dropped it, but Verizon and others still carry Current TV, which AJE intends to reinvent as "Al Jazeera America," expanding its coverage and staff in this country.
It's a big, costly move, and in their offices AJE journalists are arguing over the best way to storm the American market.
Slogans are being drawn up, marketing schemes hatched.
An old colleague of mine (there are no ends of Canadians at AJE) thinks the key is to consciously look and sound as starkly different as possible from the rest of the American pack.
"I'd put up a picture of [reality star] Kim Kardashian," he said, "with a voiceover saying 'Take a look at her. Because this is the last time you will ever see her on this station. Welcome to Al Jazeera.'"
That's a pitch I'd buy.
One cable reveals how the London embassy passed on intelligence about a British Labour minister, apparently picked up from civil servant contacts, saying he "reportedly remains a bit of a hound dog where women are concerned".
The minister, whose name the Guardian is withholding, was "forced to apologize … to a female … who accused him of sexual harassment … and has had marital troubles in the last few years".
The confidential dispatch continued: "Contacts who know him well report he has manic depressive tendencies – 'he's very up one minute, very down the next', and at least one … colleague has described xxx as a 'bully'."
The head of the office of intelligence operations cabled back, saying: "Washington analysts appreciate the excellent background and biographic reporting." They found "particularly insightful and timely" the material about the minister's "bullying, possible depression and scandals, as well as comments on the state of his marriage".
The cable continued: "We would greatly appreciate additional information, especially regarding how xxx works with [other ministers and officials], assessments of xxx's performance in office, and information on his political goals."
2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 asdf
Events UFC on FX 7: Belfort vs. Bisping UFC on FOX 6: Johnson vs. Dodson UFC 156: Aldo vs. Edgar UFC on FUEL TV 7: Barao vs. McDonald UFC 157: Rousey vs. Carmouche UFC on FUEL TV 8: Silva vs. Stann UFC 158: St-Pierre vs. Diaz UFC on FUEL TV 9: Mousasi vs. Latifi UFC: TUF 17 Finale UFC on FOX 7: Henderson vs. Melendez UFC 159: Jones vs. Sonnen NEF: Fight Nights 7 UFC on FX 8: Belfort vs. Rockhold UFC 160: Velasquez vs. Silva 2 UFC on FUEL TV 10: Nogueira vs. Werdum UFC 161: Evans vs. Henderson UFC 162: Silva vs. Weidman UFC on FOX 8: Johnson vs. Moraga UFC 163: Aldo vs. Korean Zombie UFC Fight Night 26: Shogun vs. Sonnen UFC Fight Night 27: Condit vs. Kampmann 2 UFC 164: Henderson vs. Pettis 2 UFC Fight Night 28: Teixeira vs. Bader UFC 165: Jones vs. Gustafsson UFC Fight Night 29: Maia vs. Shields UFC 166: Velasquez vs. Dos Santos 3 UFC Fight Night 30: Machida vs. Munoz UFC Fight Night 31: Fight for the Troops 3 UFC Fight Night 32: Belfort vs. Henderson UFC 167: St-Pierre vs. Hendricks UFC: TUF 18 Finale UFC Fight Night 33: Hunt vs. Bigfoot UFC on FOX 9: Johnson vs. Benavidez 2 UFC 168: Weidman vs. Silva 2 asdf
China has started developing a new record-breaking capacity supercomputer capable of performing one quadrillion operations per second (1 exaFLOPS).
© AFP 2018 / Susanne Lindholm China Developing New High-Speed Super Computer
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Under development at the National Research Center of Parallel Computer Engineering & Technology (NRCPC), the computer is set to exceed Sunway TaihuLight, the world's current fastest computer with a rating of 93 petaflops, by over 10 times, the Xinhua news agency reported.
Sunway TaihuLight was unveiled by the NRCPC in June and is located at the National Supercomputer Center in Jiangsu. Built mostly using Chinese-developed technology, the computer exceeded the previous record holder, Tianhe-2, by almost three times.
The new supercomputer is also being developed using Chinese technologies and will be installed at the National Supercomputing Center in Jinan.
"It is a test for the effectiveness of China's independently developed technologies," Yang Meihong, the center's director, was quoted as saying by the news outlet.
China leads in the global supercomputer sector with almost 170 supercomputers located in the country, according to the TOP500 project which ranks the 500 most powerful computing systems in the world. The United States follows close second while Japan is a distant third.
Nobody wants to see a fighter get injured, least of all the kind of person who seeks out referee training in order to keep competitors safe in the cage. So it's pretty disturbing to watch a pro fighter fail to rise from the canvas at the end of a round not once but twice after taking a pretty serious beating from his opponent. That's exactly what happened in the main event of Saturday's action-packed KCFA 23 card that saw Anthony Gutierrez unleash a wicked beating on late notice foe Christian Camp.
“Sharkbait” had little trouble wrestling Camp to the mat at the start of the fight and spent the bulk of the first on top hammering away on his opponent. At the end of the round Gutierrez blasted Camp with a straight right hand followed by a knee to the body that dropped him against the cage. Gutierrez followed with ground strikes that knocked Camp's mouthpiece out of his mouth and had the journeyman curled in the fetal position for over five seconds after the final bell. But Missouri local referee Mike England didn't even check on the fighter's wellbeing after he lay prone on the mat, and the fight continued to round two.
Gutierrez tried for the quick finish early in the second with a right high kick that buckled Camp's knees again. The James Krause protege followed Camp to the mat and continued his positional and GNP assault, although Camp vainly continued to grasp for leglock submissions amidst all of the damage. In a rather scary scene, Camp was again unable to get off of the canvas at the bell for the second straight round. This time referee England was aware of his surroundings and the fight was finally called off at the end of round 2. Anthony “Sharkbait” Gutierrez advanced to 8-3 and picked up his first win in dominant fashion, but much respect to Christian Camp (5-8) as well for putting up a valiant effort in this lopsided short notice contest.
Here is Christian Camp 5 seconds after round 1 bell at KFCA 23. Ref Mike England let the fight go to round two. @Grabaka_Hitman @Jolassanda pic.twitter.com/uLK4ddXWXu — DC (@FightFan_DC) May 7, 2017
And here is Camp 5 seconds after the round 2 bells. Ref Mike England WILL kill someone before commissions stop employing him pic.twitter.com/vNAHwIBvan — DC (@FightFan_DC) May 7, 2017
Watch the round 1 non-stoppage for yourself via MMA Futures on YouTube
In the co-main event Joshua Tully frustrated undefeated slugger Dominic Garcia over the first round of their welterweight matchup, as he circled constantly while battering his opponent with a consistent assault of leg kicks. That high-volume approach seemed to tire Tully in round 2, but just as Garcia seemed to be finding his range with the left hand he ate a counter shot that planted him on his seat. Tully smelled blood and capitalized by throwing everything that he had into an extended finishing sequence that ended when he scored a clean KO punch at 4:55 of round 2. This was a vicious comeback win for Joshua Tulley, who advanced to 5-3 with 3 KOs and handed 3-1 Dominic Garcia his first career loss.
Tulley con otro lindo KO ante Garcia! pic.twitter.com/nekDcKHUMt — Barrele la pierna (@Barrelelapierna) May 7, 2017
Every fighter dreams of starting their career with a highlight reel KO. That dream came true in the first pro fight of the KCFA 23 card as Joe Estrada (1-0) unleashed this brutal jumping head kick after two rounds of dominating Nate Gossens (1-6):
If there's one thing to be said about 2016, it's that it's full of surprises. This year has seen events you wouldn't have dreamt of a decade ago. When I read that Microsoft joined the Linux Foundation, I couldn't believe it at first. There's plenty of exciting news for developers in this new partnership, but not much for Linux desktop users.
I first started experimenting with Linux in the late '90s and early aughts ('00s?), back when Steve Ballmer took the reins at Microsoft. In those days, Microsoft was famously hostile to Linux, or any other OS for that matter.
Fast-forward 15 years, and Microsoft is cozying up to the very same platform that Ballmer had vilified. Under Satya Nadella, Microsoft has embraced the open-source scene.
While I was surprised by the news, it didn't exactly blow my hair back. Microsoft's product line has been getting progressively more Linux-friendly over the past couple of years. You can spin up a Linux virtual machine in Microsoft's Azure platform, just as easily as you can an image of Microsoft's own IIS. Earlier this year, Microsoft partnered with Canonical (the company behind Ubuntu) to create the Windows Subsystem for Linux. In June, someone even got WSL to run Ubuntu's Unity desktop in Windows 10. Microsoft is planning to release its SQL Server database for Linux as well.
James Niccolai Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella recently proclaimed the company's newfound love for Linux.
None of that really affects everyday Linux users, but what will make a difference in the short term is the money Microsoft injected into the Linux Foundation. Microsoft joined as a Platinum member, which means that Nadella and company will pony up at least $500,000 for the title, per year. That money can help fund Linux Foundation projects, most of which (like Node.js) aren't user-facing at all. However, a big recipient of the money will be the Linux kernel, so more resources and developer time can be spent on improving hardware support, security, and performance. Besides the kernel, the most likely consumer-facing project in the Linux Foundation to benefit will be the Tizen mobile operating system that Samsung (also a foundation member) is looking to use on its smartphones in place of Android.
(Here's a list of all the Foundation's corporate members.)
As with most corporate sponsorships in open-source, most of the money goes to projects that power infrastructure and web technologies that those companies rely on. Projects that create software that the desktop user uses every day (like GNOME or LibreOffice) are unlikely to see much, if any, of Microsoft's money. It's also fairly unlikely that Microsoft desktop applications will suddenly run on Linux or become more compatible, unless Microsoft starts paying some people to work on WINE full time.
Being a member of the Linux Foundation doesn't even ensure that a sponsor will continue previous support for the OS. Take Adobe, for example: Adobe pays $20,000 per year as a Silver member of the Linux Foundation. Adobe also stopped releasing updates for Flash to Linux four years ago. (The company just recently started supporting the OS again in September.) There still isn't a Linux version of the Creative Suite, which means you still need Windows (or macOS) to run Lightroom, Photoshop, and the like. And Acrobat Reader for Linux, in my experience, has been bad to the point of near-uselessness.
Given Adobe's approach to Linux, I wouldn't expect great things from Microsoft when it comes to the Linux desktop. If Redmond were to announce a release of DirectX for Linux, it might—might—just make 2016 better, but I won't hold my breath.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
The spectacle of the 2012 London Olympics should be subtitled “The Bashing of the Chinese Athlete.” Yesterday, Andrew Jacobs of the New York Times published a much-discussed piece called “Heavy Burden on Athletes Takes Joy Away From China's Olympic Success.” In it, all kinds of “concerns” are raised about the toll “the nation's draconian sports system” is taking on the country's athletes. It tells tales of poverty, loneliness and despair amongst China's sports stars once the cheering has stopped. Their athletes are described as being exploited by an unfeeling government monolith that acted as a surrogate family until they were no longer of any use. Parents of China's Olympians are quoted saying, “We accepted a long time ago that she doesn't belong to us. I don't even dare think about things like enjoying family happiness.” Other parents tell of not being able to recognize their own children after years apart. Ad Policy
The other dominant story about China are the continuing unfounded allegations that 16-year-old Chinese swimmer Ye Shiwen took performance-enhancing drugs to win gold. Executive Director of the American Swim Coaches Association John Leonard called Shiwen's world-record 400-meter individual medley swim “disturbing.” He is also continuing to describe her closing freestyle leg of 58.68 seconds as “impossible.”
There have been a series of ugly articles about Shiwen, none uglier perhaps than a piece by UK's Daily Mail's David Jones titled “Forging of the Mandarin Mermaid: How Chinese children are taken away from their home and brutalized into future Olympians.” Not “trained” but “brutalized.”
Then there was Bob Costas's handling of the issue on NBC, which involved the raising of an unfounded accusation on the basis of it's being news and then using it to advance the allegation. I'm surprised Costas didn't turn to special guest Michelle Bachmann to speak about rumors of Shiwen's time in the Muslim Brotherhood. There is zero evidence but Shiwen is guilty in the Western media with no avenue to prove her innocence.
None of this is to defend China's state-run system of producing athletes. But it seems rather painfully obvious why we are seeing this tidal wave of suspicion, drug allegations and concern for the “children.” China is the chief economic rival in the world to the United States. Just like during the cold war, the Olympics have become a proxy war where “medal counts” connote more than bragging rights but are a comment on the health of a nation. China is rivaling the United States in medal counts so its dominance has to be explained in as critical, ugly and even as racist a way as possible. The message is that the Chinese have medals because they just don't love their kids.
If the New York Times is that concerned about the brutalization of young athletes, that battle begins at home. US athletes don't have to navigate a state-run athletic system but something perhaps far more pernicious. Unlike China, US athletes get no government subsidies whatsoever. Their number one obstacle to the medal stand isn't ability but poverty. As one study by the USA Track and Field Foundation demonstrated, “Approximately 50% of our athletes who rank in the top 10 in the USA in their event make less than $15,000 annually from the sport (sponsorship, grants, prize money, etc.).”
Both systems create “collateral damage.” Both systems are in need of reform. The only difference is the narrative. When we hear that swimmer Ryan Lochte's parents are facing foreclosure on their home, or that track star Lolo Jones's family was homeless, or that gymnast Gabby Douglas was sent from her mother in Virginia Beach to live with strangers at the age of 14, those are tales of heroism and sacrifice. We celebrate their pain instead of condemning it or even being disturbed by it.
The US system also contains its share of countless broken bodies and broken lives, discarded in pursuit of gold. The ongoing sexual abuse scandal in USA Swimming is an example of this. As ESPN's T.J. Quinn and Greg Amante wrote in 2010, “Youth swimming coaches, many certified by USA Swimming, the sport's national governing body, have been able to molest young swimmers and then move from town to town, escaping criminal charges and continuing to victimize other under-aged swimmer…. ESPN found the abusive coaches, some of whom molested young swimmers for more than 30 years, avoided detection because of a number of factors: USA Swimming and other organizations had inadequate oversight, many local coaches, parents and swimming officials failed to report inappropriate contact they witnessed, and some parents, driven to see their children succeed, ignored or did not recognize what should have been red flags.” [My emphasis.]
Then there is USA Gymnastics. Joan Ryan, in her brilliant 1995 book, Little Girls in Pretty Boxes, wrote the following about our system for producing gold medal gymnasts: “What I found was a story about legal, even celebrated child abuse. In the dark troughs along the road to the Olympics lay the bodies of girls who stumbled on the way, broken by the work, pressure and humiliation. I found a girl whose father left the family when she quit gymnastics at the age of 13, who scraped her arms and legs with razors to dull her emotional pain and who needed a two-hour pass from a psychiatric hospital to attend her high-school graduation. Girls who broke their necks and backs. One who so desperately sought the perfect, weightless gymnastic body that she starved herself to death.”
Imagine for a moment if Bob Costas or the New York Times had stories like this to tell about China. If they did, we'd know them by heart. Instead, the pain of US athletes remains in the shadows. The message to all US critics of China's Olympic system should be, “Physician, heal thyself.” The battle to make Olympic training more humane begins at home.
City officials and community members braved the traffic, humidity and very real threat of helmet hair Thursday to take a tour of downtown Topeka through the eyes of a bicyclist.
In honor of National Bike Month, Bike to Work Week and Topeka's growing commitment to making the city more bicycle-friendly, about a dozen people joined city manager Jim Colson in a 40-minute ride through downtown. The ride took cyclists along portions of three routes slated for improvements under the first phase of the Topeka Bikeways Master Plan.
"This is an opportunity for us to introduce the work of the bike committee," Colson said. "Hopefully this will be the first of many rides I'll do."
The four-mile route took bicyclists primarily along 8th, 10th and 11th streets between S.W. College Avenue and S.E. Quincy Street. The route ranged from intimidating left turns on major roads to pleasant cruises through neighborhoods, giving city officials a good idea what cyclists have to contend with and how the city plans to improve it.
Thursday's route is set to get sharrows — designated shared lanes for vehicles and bicycles — and street signs, said Topeka's bikeways planner Julie Anderson.
"The goal today is to show that we are making strides here in Topeka to be a bike-friendly city, to show that it is easy and safe to ride your bike in the city," said Anderson, who was hired in March to help the city implement its biking plan.
Topeka is waiting to hear news on its application for $1.4 million from a federal grant to fund its first phase, which involves basic improvements to nine routes stretching a total of about 32 miles.
That news should come by the beginning of June, Anderson said.
The money would pay for sharrows, street signs, defined crossings, sidepaths and lane modifications.
Should the federal funding be approved, Topeka's share of the costs to implement the plan's first phase would total an estimated $365,000, including $280,000 to match 20 percent of the grant and $85,000 for project design. An advisory group is attempting to raise $200,000 of that through private businesses.
The Topeka Bikeways Master Plan, developed by RDG Planning and Design and Cook, Flatt and Strobel, would improve nearly 35 miles of roads and trails in the next 15 years — at a projected cost of $2.5 million.
Others involved in the master plan include the Metropolitan Topeka Planning Organization policy board and technical advisory committee, as well as city planning staff members. The project advisory committee on the plan included city and Shawnee County planning staff members and representatives from bicycle groups.
Topeka City Councilwoman Karen Hiller and planning director Bill Fiander also joined in on the ride. Hiller, who serves on the bikeways project advisory committee and frequently bicycles around town for errands, said she was excited about the city's plans to improve its bikeways.
"When you're on your bike, you get a view of the city you've never seen," she said. "You don't even realize you're in the city with some of the trails we already have in place."
- Advertisement -
(Image by Unknown Owner) Details DMCA
For most of the national media, the only story that mattered -- at least the only story they've bothered to tell -- is that of Walker's victory. Thanks to a massive infusion of our-of-state cash, the governor retained his office -- albeit by the narrowest re-elect margin for a Republican governor since 1968.
- Advertisement -
But Wisconsinites always knew there was more to the story of the fight to check and balance Walker. And, this week, they successfully completed the critical struggle, ending the governor's complete control of state government.
From his election in 2010, Walker controlled not just the executive branch but, for all intents and purposes, the legislative branch. A pair of loyal Republican lieutenants, brothers Jeff and Scott Fitzgerald, made sure that the governor's wish was their command -- with Jeff Fitzgerald running the state Assembly as its speaker and Scott Fitzgerald running the state Senate as its majority leader.
Without the Fitzgerald brothers, Walker could not have advanced his agenda.
- Advertisement -
When Walker was elected, Republican control of both chambers seemed to be assured for the whole of his first two years. That was particularly true in the powerful state Senate, where the GOP held a wide 19-14 advantage. The only power the Democrats had was that of withdrawing consent by leaving the state, as the fourteen dissenters did when Walker began moving to eliminate collective bargaining rights for public employees.
Click Here to Read Whole Article
But the recall elections changed all that, ending the the arrangement that empowered Walker. Now the Senate has a 17-16 Democratic majority. Last summer, labor unions and their allies used recall elections to sweep two Republican state senators out of office. With the resignation earlier this year of a third Republican senator, Scott Fitzgerald found himself in a power-sharing circumstance with the Democrats through the next round of recall elections: for the governorship and several more Senate seats. On June 5, Walker won the governor's race. But one of his steadiest backers, state Senator Van Wanggaard, R-Racine, finished roughly 800 votes behind Democratic challenger John Lehman. - Advertisement - Lehman, a former legislator with a progressive, strongly pro-labor record, campaigned as a firm foe of Walker's agenda. And national right-wing groups such as the Koch brothers -- funded Americans for Prosperity operation did everything in their power to beat him. They even organized a massive final rally in southeastern Wisconsin's 21st district, featuring House Budget Committee chair (and conservative icon) Paul Ryan. Even after Lehman won, the Republicans fought to prevent him from taking his seat, with an extended recount fight, threats of legal actions and a smear campaign suggesting that his victory (in a district with a substantial minority population) resulted from "voting irregularities" in African-American and Hispanic precincts of the historically Democratic city of Racine. For a time it seemed the GOP would do anything to prevent Walker from losing his iron grip on state government. Ultimately, however, Lehman prevailed. And, on Tuesday, after he was seated, control of the Senate formally shifted to the Democrats, with progressive Mark Miller taking over from Scott Fitzgerald as majority leader and Fred Risser, the longest-serving legislator in the country and a progressive stalwart, taking over as Senate president
Next Page 1 | 2
Several Valley residents reported seeing strange red lights in the sky on Monday night and the cause of the lights remains a mystery.
Arizona Republic reporter Anne Ryman, who lives in Deer Valley, reported seeing four lights in a square shape that eventually became a triangular shape. The lights were moving to the east and they disappeared one by one. She said the lights were visible for about 13 minutes at about 8 p.m..
One north Phoenix resident, who wished to remain anonymous, said he saw four or five red lights lined up in a straight line and spaced apart evenly. The lights slowly moved east and became dimmer as the witness watched. He said the last light remained in the sky the longest. Then three jets came from the west and traveled in the direction of the red lights.
An official from Luke Air Force Base stated that they did not have any aircraft in the sky Monday night and that the lights were not part of any Air Force activities.
The Deer Valley airport officials said that the lights were not from any aircraft at that airport.
Ian Gregor, a spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration said that air traffic controllers at Sky Harbor Airport also witnessed the lights, but they do not know the cause.
The incident is similar to the "Phoenix Lights" seen on March 13, 1997. Thousands of residents reported seeing a mile-wide, v-shaped formation of lights over the Valley. In that case the lights appeared about 7:30 p.m. and lasted until 10:30 p.m.
Well we just got to lay hands on the above Foxconn-manufactured, Tegra 2-powered Android prototype, and we'll be honest -- it was awfully sweet. There wasn't much going on beyond some gaming action -- we didn't see it boot into standard Android -- though it was running the 3D football title you see above at a pretty healthy clip (check out the video after the break). NVIDIA reps weren't very keen on sharing info about the device, though we can tell you that it's apparently got 1GB of RAM inside cuddled up to that 1GHz ARM Cortex 9 CPU, a front-facing camera, and the WSVGA screen measures 8.9-inches (it's also a much wider aspect ratio than something like the iPad). We're going to hold any judgment till we see this thing cooking with a full UI, but we're not knocking it -- get this in at the right price, and we'll likely be first in line.Correction, the screen size is 8.9-inches, not 9.7.
As you may remember, Microsoft is curtailing support for Intel-based Skylake PCs, the company now says Windows Embedded devices using Intel's sixth-generation Core Skylake processors are no exception. Microsoft has announced that such devices will need to be upgraded to Windows 10 by July of 2017.
Microsoft announced this week that Windows Embedded users aren't going to receive any leeway from the company for their affinity to stick with an older desktop operating system version. The company says that Windows Embedded users — much like any other Windows PC user – must upgrade to Windows by mid-2017. For those unaware, Windows Embedded machines are those that are used in point-of-sale systems, health and other industries.
“Through July 17, 2017, Skylake devices running Windows Embedded 7, 8 and 8.1 will be supported according to the lifecycle support policy for those products. During the 18-month support period, these systems should be upgraded to Windows 10 to continue receiving support after the period ends,” the company wrote in a support document.
Failure to update to Windows 10, the desktop operating system it released in July last year, will make users ineligible to receive critical security updates. The company insists that it will seed updates provided it does not risk the “reliability or compatibility” of the Windows Embedded machines running on Windows 7, Windows 8, or Windows 8.1.
Earlier this year, Microsoft announced that all new processors moving forward need to support the latest Windows platform at that time for support. The company's move comes part of its growing efforts to ensure that every machine is powered by Windows 10. As of January 2016, more than 200 million devices worldwide are actively running Windows 10. Microsoft is aiming to get 1 billion devices to run Windows 10 in the next two-three years.
Composting is a way of utilizing microorganisms to break down and decompose organic matter. The unique benefits of composting include a reduction of waste needlessly going into landfills and the production of a free stable, organic soil amendment that can't be beat. Many people compost their yard waste and kitchen scraps, but there are many other materials that are generally thrown away that could easily be converted into compost and given back to the soil instead and far stranger ways to compost than most people realize.
Hair and Nail Clippings
Human hair is a rich source of nitrogen and can be added to a compost pile or bin. Likewise, fingernail and toenail clippings can also be composted if they are free from all nail polish. If you happen to use peanuts to keep your toes apart during a pedicure, you compost those as well. Some people claim that in addition to being great for the compost, human hair in the garden helps repel deer that can quickly demolish treasured plants.
Beer, Wine and Brewery Waste
As unlikely as it is that you would have any beer or wine going to waste, if you did, it could be added to the compost. Wine can also act as a compost “starter,” and spur the bacteria in the compost to get to work. If you brew your own beer or make wine, the waste products from these processes can also be beneficial to the composting process.
Vaccum Cleaner “Dirt”
When you sweep or vacuum your floor, sofa or keyboard, most of the “dirt” you pick up is usually comprised of crumbs, dust, hair and similar debris. Instead of emptying the dustpan or canister into a wastebasket, it can be put into your compost bin, barrel or pile. Any synthetic fibers that may be picked up will not decompose during the composting process, but they won't hurt the compost either and can be sifted out later if you wish.
Cotton Balls and Cotton Swabs
Used cotton balls and cotton swabs can also be composted. To be sure that your cotton balls and swabs are suitable for composting, check the packaging to make sure they actually are made of cotton, rather than synthetic fibers. Cotton is a natural substance and makes a wonderful addition to compost, but if you use synthetic “cotton balls” for makeup application or in caring for an infant, they will not decompose in the compost bin.
Used Paper Towels, Tissues, Paper Napkins and Toilet Paper Rolls
Paper products that you use every day and generally toss in the garbage could be composting in your backyard, rather than sitting in a landfill. These items, including the cardboard cores and packaging can ad bulk to your compost. If you have allergies and use a lot of tissues, they can all go in the compost. If you have a cold or other type of viral infection, it may be best to consult a medical professional before composting them. Composting used tissues is a controversial issue. While most cold and flu viruses do not survive for long outside the human body, the jury is still out on composting tissues used during an illness.
Dry Pet Food and Pet Hair
If you have pets, you probably have a readily and continuously available supply of compostable materials at your disposal. Any dry pet food that might go to waste makes an excellent addition to compost and can kick-start the process into high gear. You have surely noticed that your pet sheds a lot too, and all that pet hair can go into the compost as well. Alternatively, in the early spring, you may want to leave clumps of pet hair and dryer lint in bushes near your home to provide native birds with nesting materials.
Dead Flowers
When a flower bouquet has seen better days, it can still be put to good use. While no longer fit to provide fragrance or home decor, these dead flowers can complete the circle of life by becoming compost to feed the soil, which will in turn feed the next generation of blooms. Nothing lasts forever, but dead and dying cut flowers can live on by going through the composting process.
Seaweed and Kelp
If you live near a body of water, you can collect seaweed and kelp to add to your compost. Avid gardeners often use seaweed and kelp to nourish their plants, and by adding them to your compost you are increasing the nutritional value of your end product. Compost enthusiasts have been known to drive great distances to harvest these materials, all in the name of better compost.
Unpaid Bills and Shredded Paper
Junk mail, bills you don't intend to pay, magazines and other waste paper can be shredded and added to your compost. Paper is an especially good ingredient during the spring and summer months when carbon-rich dried leaves may not be readily available. If you have a cat, he or she may be willing to do your paper shredding for you, otherwise you can shred it by hand or use a commercial paper shredder to speed up the decomposition.
Halloween Pumpkins and Bales of Straw
After Halloween, there is usually an abundance of jack-o-lanterns on the curb for trash pick-up. Pumpkins decompose fairly quickly and are an excellent source of nitrogen for compost. Fall decorations also often include bales of straw, which can also be used as a carbon-rich ingredient in the compost pile.
Roadkill
It is always sad when an animal is struck and killed by a vehicle. Even sadder is when they are allowed to remain in the road where they are repeatedly run over, or cause an accident as drivers attempt to avoid hitting them again. It may take a hardcore composter to stop and pick up roadkill, but if a compost pile is at least 3'x3'x3′ in size, small animals can be given an above ground burial and become part of the composting process. In agriculture, when a larger animal dies, there are often large-scale university or state composting programs available to dispose of the corpses.
Green burials for humans are also becoming more of a mainstream option. While human bodies are not composted in the traditional sense, green burials do not rely on concrete vaults or embalming chemicals. The bodies are simply placed in a biodegradable casket and buried in an area that remains as natural as possible.
Wheel Shapes
The profile of a wheel (as you look at it from the front or back) affects the way a wheel rides way more than you may realise. The three things to consider are Diameter, Contact Patch and Width.
Diameter
Bigger wheels have a higher top speed but slower acceleration
Small wheels have a slower top speed but faster acceleration
Smaller, lighter wheels often slide better than larger, heavier wheels
Bigger wheels are smoother over rougher surfaces
The diameter or size of a wheel is pretty important. In conventional wisdom, larger = faster and smaller = quicker acceleration.
This is because smaller wheels have less inertia to overcome to get spinning and larger wheels have a higher road speed for the same rotational speed. This makes larger wheels faster as friction losses from your bearings increase with rotational speed so there is less drag from your bearings etc at any given road speed.
There is, however, more to it for us longboarders…
The main difference you will notice between bigger and smaller wheels is that you can roll much faster over rough surfaces when you are on bigger wheels, and a few mm can make all the difference.
This has to do with the radius of curvature of the outside of the wheel compared to the obstacles you are trying to roll over (rough surfaces looks like thousands of little rocks to something as small as a skate wheel).
The more gentle the curve the larger stuff you can handle. This sort of stuff is not a concern to shortboarders who tend to stick to perfectly smooth skate parks and paved areas etc. Wheels go up to 101mm using regular urethane, but there are issues of wheelbite with low decks and turny trucks.
The other thing that comes into play is weight.
Obviously a heavier (bigger) wheel will roll better – but it will also have more inertia whilst going sideways.
What this actually means is larger wheels are generally harder to break grip and harder to control whilst sliding – hence most freeride wheels are around the 70mm mark, or have huge vented cores to save weight.
There's a balance to be struck with having enough urethane on the core to give you a long lasting wheel, and a wheel size that isn't too sluggish sideways.
Contact Patch and Wheel Width
The contact patch is the width of the wheel that contacts the ground when you're riding.
The wider the contact patch the more grip and less progressive the slide, but the less likely you are to get flatspots.
Narrow wheels are looser and slidier, but usually wear down faster and flatspot/egg easier as there is the same weight over a smaller area of wheel – so more pressure on the urethane.
BANGKOK, Thailand — From sleep to social lives, there is little Asia's most upwardly mobile students won't sacriﬁce for education. Though they belong to the so-called “Asian Century,” American colleges remain the premier destination for the elite from Shanghai to Singapore to Seoul.
The path to US college acceptance, however, increasingly compels students to sacriﬁce their integrity. For the right price, unscrupulous college prep agencies offer ghostwritten essays in ﬂawless English, fake awards, manipulated transcripts and even whiz kids for hire who'll pose as the applicant for SAT exams.
“Oh my God, they can do everything for you,” said Nok, 17-year-old Thai senior in her ﬁnal year at a private Bangkok high school. (She asked GlobalPost to alter her name for this article.) “They can take the SAT for you, no problem. Most students don't really think it's wrong.”
China's latest craze: dyeing pets to look like other wild animals (PHOTOS)
Among Asian high society, and particularly in China, parents' obsession with sending their offspring to US colleges has given rise to a lucrative trade of application brokers. Depending on the degree of assistance, families can expect to pay between $5,000 and $15,000.
“The parent says, ‘My kid needs this GPA but, frankly, his scores aren't that strong.' Then the unscrupulous agent says ‘Don't worry. We'll ﬁgure that out,'” said Tom Melcher, chairman of Zinch China and author of a Chinese-language book on choosing American colleges.
A 250-student survey by Zinch China, a Beijing wing of the California-based Zinch education consultancy, suggests college application fraud among Chinese students is extremely pervasive. According to the survey, roughly 90 percent of recommendation letters to foreign colleges are faked, 70 percent of college essays are ghostwritten and 50 percent of high school transcripts are falsiﬁed.
“For the right price,” Melcher said, “the agent will either fabricate it or work with the school to get a different transcript issued.” Admission into a top 10 or top 30 school, as deﬁned by the US News & World Report, can bring a $3,000 to $10,000 bonus for the agent, he said. The magazine, Melcher said, is commonly confused in China for an official government publication.
Demand for such agents is high and getting higher. Rapid economic growth across China and other parts of Asia have sparked an explosion in foreign students hoping to secure their ascent with a Western diploma.
Chinese citizens currently account for more than one in ﬁve foreign students studying at US colleges. Nearly 158,000 Chinese students are enrolled at any given time, a full 300 percent jump over mid-1990s numbers, according to the Institute of International Education.
Chinese, Indian and South Korean students comprise roughly half of America's foreign college student population. Vietnam has sent 13 percent more students to the US within the last year, and Malaysia has added 8 percent, the institute reports.
But many American college officials are oblivious to the application ﬁx-it men these foreign students may have paid back home. Worse yet, remaining blind to the deception is often ﬁnancially incentivized.
America's economic downturn has drained the state tax coffers that provide a funding lifeline to many US colleges. Many schools have resorted to unpopular tuition hikes. But many are also courting wealthy foreign students whose families gladly fork over money for housing and tuition along with out-of-state or even out-of-country fees.
Rice Fields Of Asia: From Above and Below (PHOTOS)
“International students are seen as a source of revenue ... and the trend has exploded in the past two years,” said Dale Gough, international education director for AACRAO, the American Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers.
Foreign students, through tuition and living expenses, contribute $2.1 billion to the US economy, according to the US Commerce Department. “In short,” Gough said, “they help the bottom line.”
Excuses abound for ignoring fraudulent applications, Gough said. Some assume that kids who cheat will inevitably ﬂame out anyway and never score a degree. Some admissions officers, he said, contend that “that's just the way it's done over there.”
Many schools also make sloppy attempts to translate foreign transcripts, calculated by an “indigenous” and unfamiliar methodology, into America's GPA or “grade point average” system, Gough said.
His association publishes a guide to deciphering foreign scores, the only one of its kind, but fewer than 500 of the 3,500 institutions represented by AACRAO bother to buy a copy.
“Translating foreign grades into a GPA system is meaningless,” Gough said. “They attempt to do it anyway.”
Gough fears that universities' lax standards, and focus on big foreign tuition payments, will eventually undermine the pedigree of an American diploma. The damage, he said, would be nearly impossible to undo.
“This scenario spells disaster,” Gough said. “Even if a lot of the students who cheat are bright, and they go on to succeed, is this fair to American students? Or [to] the foreign students who play by the rules?”
While America has ceded manufacturing power and foreign inﬂuence to China, an American degree remains the gold standard of educational prestige. Nok, who is currently applying for colleges abroad, never considered applying to universities in Asia.
“Students who study in America are elite, the privileged,” said Nok. “It shows you're smarter than the others.”
But like most Asian students, Nok has felt baﬄed and overwhelmed by America's complex application system.
“Here, you take a big test one day and report the score. That's how you ﬁgure out where you'll go to college,” she said. “The Americans are different. They want to know the big picture. All these essays. All this stuff about your life.”
America's liberal arts application system is “fundamentally more confusing,” said Joshua Russo, director of Top Scholars, a college prep and tutoring agency in Bangkok.
Asian families unfamiliar with the process, he said, are justiﬁed in seeking an agency's help with application strategies and tutoring to build the skills US colleges demand. But Russo's refrain to parents, he said, is that kids who can't write their own essays are likely to burn out once enrolled in America.
“Some consultants will promise the world ... and they're fundamentally preparing students to fail,” Russo said. “Beyond fabricating an essay, they're fabricating a whole life story. Students will start to believe in the lie. It's wrong.”
The allure of America's universities, and the pressure-cooker drive to succeed among Asia's expanding upper class, will continue to propel Asian students into American schools. Many Chinese teenagers applying abroad, Melcher said, are the sort of highly motivated students colleges desire.
“Chinese kids are typically great,” Melcher said. “They're not at the tailgate parties drinking. They're busting their butts. Failure is not an option.”
But college application fraud will continue, he said, so long as the risks are low and the rewards are so high. His consultancy suggests interviewing all Chinese students via online video chats, conducting spot tests in English, and hiring a mainland Chinese staffer in the college's home office.
“Frankly, I feel really bad for Chinese families who are trying to be honest,” he said. “They're driving 55 while everyone's zooming past them. After a while, they throw up their hands and say, ‘Fine, I'll speed up.'”
Upset that the Barrie Colts are out of town this weekend playing the Greyhounds Friday and the Wolves on Saturday? Well you should know there are plenty of great hockey events happening here in Barrie this weekend and a part of it will include the Colts this Sunday but we will get to that shortly. This weekend the Hometown Hockey crew has their people here in town! There will be a wide selection of hockey things to do over this weekend across Barrie. From a hockey circus show to legends like Darryl Sittler and Shayne Corson doing autograph signings. There will be trivia, live music and of course, a chance to get up close and personal with the Stanley Cup! The crew will be here to prepare us for Sundays game on CBC between the Chicago Blackhawks and Winnipeg Jets . Pretty good matchup considering both teams have connections to the Barrie Colts. Roy Radke , born in Chicago is also a draft pick of the teams and I am sure you all know that Winnipeg is full of Colts. From Mark Scheifele to all-time points leader for the Colts, Bryan Little and more!Oh, and Dale Hawerchuk and many of the Colts will be back in town from Sudbury (hopefully with a pair of wins) in time to make an appearance for an autograph session on site at 6:30 on Sunday!Here is the complete schedule of events this weekend!And if that wasn't enough hockey for you, here is our personal favourite part of this weekend. The CWHL will be here in town for a game Sunday afternoon!Come out Sunday, December 4th to the East Bayfield C.C to watch the Toronto Furies are set to take on the Brampton Thunder. Puck drop is scheduled for 1:30. Doors open at 12:30 and warmups are at 1:00. If you are BWHA player, friend or family you can get free admission if you bring a non-perishable food item or a toy donation.So much to look forward to here in Barrie this weekend! What part are you most excited about? Let us know on social media or in the comments!
A drunk driver recently smacked into a traffic light and drove a kilometre with the pole on its hood before coming to a stop, RCMP say.
The 48-year-old Manitoba driver of a minivan hit a pole while heading west on the Trans-Canada Highway in Headingley, Man., on Dec. 19 at about 6 a.m., RCMP said. The van eventually broke down.
48yo impaired driver drove a km w traffic lights before van broke down. Thankfully no injuries. Drive Sober. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/rcmpmb?src=hash">#rcmpmb</a> <a href="https://t.co/tN8IZ6KhOS">pic.twitter.com/tN8IZ6KhOS</a> —@rcmpmb
"The vehicle's transmission had actually blown out due to the collision," RCMP spokesperson Robert Cyrenne said, adding investigators don't really understand how the van was able to keep going with the heavy light on its hood.
"This is a unique situation and a little bit distressing as well to see drivers this impaired, go to this level of danger to try to get home, rather than just plan a safe ride home."
The driver, whose blood alcohol content registered at twice the legal limit, was apparently heading on his way home when he crashed, RCMP said.
The driver wasn't injured but was charged with impaired driving.
"It's just a matter of luck that no one got injured in this instance," he said. "It could have been a very dangerous situation for multiple people. It's lucky that no one got injured."
21 drunk drivers in 7 days
Cyrenne added that investigators have seen a lot of drunk drivers on the road this holiday season.
Between Dec. 15 and Dec. 21, RCMP pulled over 1,859 vehicles and charged 21 drivers for impaired driving. During the same period last year, RCMP stopped 2,794 vehicles and charged 18 drivers with impaired driving. Despite pulling over 935 fewer vehicles this year in that same time span, there were still three more drunk driving offences this year.
Cyrenne said the average blood alcohol level for those charged with impaired driving this year is currently at 0.195, which is about 2½ times higher than the legal limit.
"The message here is to drive sober and plan an alternate ride home if you think you're still impaired," he added.
The very idea of a superstition seems strange if examined closely. It seems to be the case that humans developed the practise and belief of superstition to explain the order of nature and human life that in years gone by was, scientifically speaking, a mystery. There was, and in some places still is, a belief that nature and the world's objects had a fundamental connection with spirits and the spirit world, and the need to keep on the 'good side' of these forces or keep them in alignment was an understandable progression. These rituals seeped into the general psyche worldwide, and developed into what we know nowadays as superstitions.
Superstitions exist today having been passed on, generally by word of mouth, from generation to generation. Although we're living in a society unprecedented for its scientific advancements and reliable knowledge of how the world works, superstitions are still widespread and widely believed. Many of us barely question our day-to-day superstitious rituals; most of us wouldn't think twice about crossing our fingers in the hopes that something good will happen, although it's an odd and seemingly random practice (incidentally, experts hold that the habit came from creating the sign of the cross with one's fingers to invoke the help of the Christian God).
Although common sense is generally the pervasive force in societal structures and habits, there's still evidently a place for superstitious rituals and beliefs. In looking at ten of the world's most common superstitions, and the origins of each one, we'll leave it to our readers to decide if these are reasonable and reassuring, or needlessly ritualistic and compulsive.
Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view Share Tweet Email Copy Link Copied
10 Knocking on wood
Depending on your beliefs, the custom of knocking on wood — or even of simply saying "knock on wood" — is employed following either a particularly positive or negative statement. The superstitious belief behind this ritual is that you may have tempted fate by referring to the particular happening, be it good or bad, and knocking on wood will help to counteract it. It's believed that this seemingly entirely arbitrary practise stems from the ancient notion that good spirits live in trees, which offer healing and wisdom to the willing recipient. By knocking on wood, we are allegedly calling on these spirits for protection, either of our good fortune, or against our bad.
9 Photography with the power to steal your soul
The superstition that photography steals the soul has evolved in numerous different forms around the world, but it's widely agreed to have initially stemmed from the idea that mirrors steal the soul. As such, given that a photograph displays essentially what a person would see in a mirror, it follows that a camera would be equally if not more perilous for the soul. When cameras were first popularised they were a revolutionary technology that was mistrusted and even feared, which contributed to the growth of this superstition. Of course these days, with selfies and photo check-ins at every possible opportunity, it's clear this superstition is no longer universal. However, the absolute belief that photographs can and do steal the soul is still prevalent in many societies today; some Native American and Aboriginal societies are adverse to photography for this reason.
8 Salt, spilling and tossing
There are two main superstitions around this condiment: one is that it is bad luck to spill it, and the other is that to counter this bad luck, you should toss some of the spilled salt over your left shoulder. The exact origins of this superstition are unclear, but many academics believe it stems from the fact that to spill salt was just plain ill-advised before it was bad luck. In years gone by salt was an expensive commodity, so to spill and thus waste it would never have been a good thing. As to why the spiller should throw a pinch of salt specifically over their left shoulder, it's a long-held Christian belief that the devil sits on one's left shoulder, waiting for an opportunity to invade the person. By throwing the salt over the offending shoulder, we ward off the devil's potential invasion opportunity as a result of the salt spillage. And we make ourselves look a bit bizarre at restaurants in the process...
7 Walking under ladders
The superstition that it's bad luck to walk under ladders seems a straightforward one: there is a danger that a person on the ladder will drop a paint pot, bucket, or themselves on you, and failing that there is also the possibility of the ladder itself collapsing. However, one reported origin of the superstition is a lot less logical and a lot more intriguing: the Christian belief in the Holy Trinity makes the number three sacred, with a triangle being by extension also sacred since it has three sides. A ladder against a wall makes a triangle, and to walk through this is, symbolically, to break the Holy Trinity - which is naturally assumed to be bad luck.
6 Something old, new, borrowed, and blue
The wedding superstition of the bride needing something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue to ensure good luck is a well-known one. The rhyme was often recited in the Victorian era, with the addition of "and a silver sixpence in her shoe". The idea was originally that the bride would collect each item from a friend or family member, and served the tradition of handing down what were often valuable items or family heirlooms. The old symbolises continuity; the new, optimism for the future; the borrowed, borrowed happiness (oddly); and the blue, purity, love and fidelity — all a nice addition to any wedding day.
5 Black cats
The superstitions around black cats vary depending on your specific beliefs; some people believe that a black cat crossing their path is good luck, while others believe that the same thing is a jinx. The conflicting beliefs around the black cat's effect on a person's luck may stem from the different ideas surrounding cats over the course of history: in ancient Egypt, cats were worshipped and revered, so to have one cross your path would be good luck. Conversely, black cats are often associated with witches and frequently depicted as their familiars, therefore they would bring bad luck.
4 Horseshoes
A primarily positive superstition is that of the horseshoe. It's widely believed to be good luck to find a horseshoe with the open hoof-space facing towards the founder, although stumbling across horseshoes nowadays is much less common than it was in the pre-automobile days. It is also a superstitious tradition to count the number of empty nail spaces around a horseshoe to determine how long the counter in question has before they will marry, become rich, or have good fortune bestowed upon them.
3 Wishing on a star
Almost more of a tradition than a superstition, wishing on the first star of the night is a favourite among kids and big kids alike. The more common tradition is to wish on a shooting star, which comes from the legend that shooting stars are caused when gods, taking an occasional interest in human affairs on earth, lean over the edge of heaven and knock a few stars down; as such, at these times humans can take advantage of the brief rift between heaven and earth and ask the gods for a favour. Another myth suggests that shooting stars are ascending or falling human souls, or the souls of angels or demons.
2 Breaking mirrors
One of the best-known superstitions worldwide is that breaking a mirror will bring you seven years of bad luck. The idea of the fragmentation of a reflection was bad luck long before mirrors were invented; years ago, if people's reflections in pools or ponds looked distorted it was thought to be unlucky, given that the reflection was believed to hold the key to the soul. The idea that to break a mirror brings seven years bad luck comes from the Roman idea that the human being entirely regenerates every seven years.
1 Friday the 13th
At number one is the enduring phobia surrounding the number thirteen. The notion that the number is unlucky is so deeply ingrained in our psyche that most buildings don't even have a thirteenth floor - hotels, too, tend to go straight from room number twelve to room number fourteen, and some cities even skip the thirteenth street. These days we generally favour Fridays but the day was traditionally believed to be an unlucky one, most widely believed to be so because Jesus was crucified on a Friday; as such, Friday the 13th has long been believed to be an unlucky day.
As scientists, one of the biggest issues we face is that, so far as the general public is concerned, we are nothing but villains and liars. We are for sale, able to be bought and sold by ‘big-business,' and are entirely willing to falsify experimental results. We don't care about the consumer. Our major concern is our buckets-of-money and giant McMansion. I hate to break it to you, but most of us (scientists) will never see a bucket of money (maybe a bucket of singles from that one time…). We drive little nondescript cars and sip three-buck-chuck like everyone else. If we work in research, we are only interested in the results and we will report the results with the utmost integrity.
One major example of the distrust of scientists is the belief that chemicals are bad (m'kay). In fact, many bands have gone out of their way to note that they are chemical free! We call this irrational fear of all things chemical, chemophobia. The fact is, everything is made up of chemicals. This includes apples, oranges, and even distilled water (a highly polar chemical solvent, it is odorless, colorless, and tasteless). Now, before your panties are all in a twist, I want my view understood: you are not so stupid as to believe that there aren't chemicals all around you. Nor are you so stupid as to believe you can't determine ‘good' chemicals when compared to ‘bad' chemicals.
But you will not believe the audacity of some people to try and blind you with science (couldn't help the pun). Mercola.com (they aren't getting my traffic) is a very high profile ‘alternative medicine' webpage managed by Dr. J Mercola (yes – the one that worked with Dr. M Oz on Oprah). In my opinion, his website is filled with nothing but deceit and fear-mongering. In fact, they have an entire page dedicated to how Splenda (sucralose) is “chemically…more similar to DDT than sugar.”
Where does sucralose come from?
Sucralose isn't made from sucrose- common table sugar. It is made from a very similar molecule with trade-secret chemistry, but is then converted via a patented 5-step chemical reaction designed to substitute three hydroxyl (-OH) groups on the sucrose molecule with chlorine (-Cl) groups.
As you can see, sucrose and sucralose are structurally exact – the only difference is that a red-dot (a hydroxyl group) is replaced by a green-dot (a chlorine group).
What does DDT look like?
When sucralose is put next to DDT as a 3-D structure, the two look nothing alike – DDT is a very boring molecule while sucralose is very complex. BUT, what if I wanted to scare you? What if I put a 2-D model of both side by side?
Both molecules have two rings. Both molecules have some chlorine atoms. Both molecules have chlorines attached to carbons. Both molecules were first synthesized in a science lab. But the similarities end there. You'll note that the rings in DDT have extra lines indicating double bonds – sucralose has no double bonds. It would be reckless and irresponsible for a scientist to call DDT and sucralose more similar, chemically, than sucrose and sucralose.
Okay, Sucralose and DDT aren't the same. But sucralose is still toxic.
You're right – I have only proved, thus far, that DDT and Sucralose aren't the same compound. This does not mean that sucralose is safe; lots of chemicals aren't DDT and are still dangerous. So just how safe is sucralose?
Turns out, the FDA has an acceptable daily intake value of 5-milligrams-per-kilogram-body-weight (from 1999 – there may be an updated version at 9-mg/kg or 15-mg/kg). For a 70-kg person, that's 350-mg/day. Splenda isn't used much any more for much beyond coffee sugars, so you'll probably never reach this amount.
Nevertheless, a study from Great Britain wanted to put human exposure to the test. “The first study was an ascending dose study conducted in 8-subjects, in which sucralose was administered at doses of 1, 2.5, 5 and 10 mg/kg at 48-hour intervals and followed by daily dosing at 2 mg/kg for 3 days and 5 mg/kg for 4 days.” “During the study there were no abnormal variations in body temperature, pulse rate, blood pressure or respiratory rate following either single ascending or continuous doses. In addition, no adverse comments attributed to sucralose were made. The general physical examinations at the end of each phase of the study were normal.” Basically, the folks they experimented on were A-OK at the end of the day.
In fact, sucralose is so safe (based on our current information) that a study from Pennsylvania looking at all of the studies done on Splenda concluded that “the ingredient, sucralose, is safe for use in food and that the sucralose-mixture product, Granulated Splenda (R) No Calorie Sweetener, is also safe for its intended use.” And it's not the only study of its kind – here's a much older one with the same conclusion.
Based on the evidence available, I conclude that sucralose is perfectly harmless to consume.
In Conclusion
Sucralose and DDT are not chemically similar. Sucralose is safe to consume. Do not eat DDT. Being curious and cautious about what you eat are good traits; blindly following someone telling you that something is poison probably isn't. I recommend you challenge me on this – bring me a study that shows that sucralose was damaging to a human being and I might just change my tune.
That's the great thing about science – it changes every day. It's kind of awesome to be standing on the cutting edge, changing science (for the better, we hope) and the way that scientists see the world. As always, if you have a question, comment, concern, complain, etc. – leave me a comment. I will respond to each and every one of them with the information that I have available to me.
-N.Tesla
The UK government has been accused of treating the Scotland Office as a marketing department to promote the Union as UK taxpayers have paid millions of pounds to cover the bill from the Scottish independence referendum.
In 2010, when the Conservatives came to power, the Scotland Office had two communications staff costing a little over £108k but in the last five years costs have increased fourfold rising to £474k for nine staff members.
Revealed by the SNP through Freedom of Information, the figures have sparked a row with the UK government highlighting that for the same period the SNP's spending on 'public engagement' reached almost £5m.
"The Scotland Office now spends half a million of its tiny budget on just nine press officers - a staff cost of almost £6,500 per press release since April. It is clear that the Scotland Office's only role is a marketing campaign for the Union," remarked SNP MSP James Dornan.
Finance secretary John Swinney's draft budget shows £4.9m allocated for public information and engagement. This compares with more than £2m for communications staff salaries in 2010.
A spokesman for the Scotland Office told the press: "The UK government has a duty to inform the public about its policy and work. These modest year-on-year increases bring the office into line with similar UK departments. It also adds new functions such as digital communications, ensuring key information reaches as many people in Scotland as possible."
DNN Signs Partnership with Indorse, a Decentralized Network for Professionals
DNN Media Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 1, 2017
Blockchain companies working to enhance credibility amid era of disinformation
EDISON, New Jersey, November 1, 2017 — News curation platform, Decentralized News Network, is pleased to announce a partnership with professional network, Indorse. The partnership between the two emerging platforms will add value to writers, editors, and publishers on DNN by highlighting professional talent on Indorse.
Indorse will also expand professional opportunities available to DNN users, while DNN will provide Indorse with a viable and expansive market of platform users.
“It was clear from the start that both of our networks will mesh well together, since both are dealing with the authenticity of human actions on the blockchain,” said DNN CEO Samit Singh.
DNN is a news curation platform that disseminates fact-based political information based on a peer-reviewed process facilitated by blockchain technology. The idea behind the DNN platform is to encourage accountability at every level of the political news production and distribution process.
“I'm very excited to be working with DNN towards the goal of a more robust, decentralized and reputation-based system of content creation. For Indorse, partnering with DNN gives our members another proof element for claims of their skills,” said Gaurang Torvekar, CTO at Indorse.
“A partnership between DNN and Indorse is a big step toward a future where human participation on networks is rewarded with incentives,” concluded Singh.
About DNN
The Decentralized News Network is a political news curation platform that relies on a peer-reviewed, community model of fact-checking, publishing, and news dissemination. It's accountable news that answers to you. For more information, visit dnn.media.
About Indorse
Headquartered in Singapore, Indorse is a decentralized professional network that aims to build a social network where users are in charge of their own data. The platform incentivizes professionals to verify and endorse their skills, and the skills of their colleagues and community members. For more information, visit indorse.io.
Media Contact
Todd Hauptman, PR Manager
todd@vanbex.com
-30-
Markets Tumble Again - How Many Times can China Cry Wolf?
The cryptocurrency markets are blood red again as rumors circulate that China plans to shutter Bitcoin exchanges. This news comes on the heels of Chinese regulators outright banning ICO's last week. However, all current information suggests Chinese authorities have not taken action. It looks like China could be crying wolf, since little evidence currently exists for a government-lead exchange shutdown.
Also read: Professor Urges New Zealand Government to Develop Bitcoin Regulations
Truth of Government Action Currently Unconfirmed
The accuracy of the Chinese news sources is also unconfirmed. Chinese news source Caixin elaborated on what is going on, but did not provide hard proof of the proposed closings.
The site said; “The supervisory authority has decided to close virtual currency exchanges in China, which involves all virtual currencies and denominations kept by ‘OKcoin,' ‘Bitcoin China,' and others. The new financial reporter from the Internet financial risk special rectification Work leading group confirmed the news. Allegedly, government agents intend on deploying a resolution shortly.”
A CNledger Twitter post, however, contradicted Caixin, saying, there is plenty of fake news circulating and nothing is confirmed. They said, “Lot's of false news. Don't believe them unless they're confirmed or verified. Up to now, no exchange is forced to close, no body is arrested.”
Lot's of false news. Don't believe them unless they're confirmed or verified. Up to now, no exchange is forced to close, no body is arrested pic.twitter.com/puCQVBJH5u — cnLedger (@cnLedger) September 6, 2017
Cnledger even asked a couple of exchanges if they had any notice of shutdown. They replied they have not gotten any notice and are continuing to operate as normal.
Regarding tonight's rumours, we asked representatives from okc & huobi, they have not received any notice and they're operating normally — cnLedger (@cnLedger) September 8, 2017
Market consequences of Unconfirmed News
The interesting thing about spreading unconfirmed news or crying wolf, is that it impacts the markets. When fear circulates throughout the ecosystem, weak hands are scared into action. They begin selling tokens. A panic ensues. More weak hands sell, and the market sees a temporary selloff.
According to Coinmarketcap, US cryptocurrency markets are down 7.3%. This is likely a direct result of the market scare based on this news of alleged Chinese exchange shutdowns, but without undeniable evidence of any action on part of regulators.
Furthermore, anyone who foresaw the event or had insider knowledge would be able to gain lucrative returns from the panic. They could sell on the top, make a profit, and then buyback on the low. The cycle continues. This lesson illustrates how markets can be manipulated based on news alone, without necessary action.
Affect on Bitcoin; Chinese Authoritarian Mindset
If the shutdown happens to be true and come to fruition, some commentators say bitcoin will not be as affected since it's not an ICO. Nonetheless, it is good to keep in mind that China does appear to harbor one of the most authoritarian mindsets regarding cryptocurrencies. To date, their concern with cryptocurrencies seem to have led to the most heavy-handed actions toward the digital assets. But whether the recent rumors are true remains to be seen.
Hopefully, they are not crying wolf when the wolf might not be around.
Do you think China is crying wolf? Are there people profiting from spreading potential FUD? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock, Coinmarketcap, and Progressive Radio Network
At News.Bitcoin.com all comments containing links are automatically held up for moderation in the Disqus system. That means an editor has to take a look at the comment to approve it. This is due to the many, repetitive, spam and scam links people post under our articles. We do not censor any comment content based on politics or personal opinions. So, please be patient. Your comment will be published.
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — Louisiana's community and technical colleges won't be raising tuition rates on students this fall, after lawmakers largely shielded the schools from budget cuts.
The Louisiana Community and Technical College System Board of Supervisors announced the decision Friday, saying it was the first time in five years tuition won't be boosted on its campuses.
However, two new fees were enacted by the board — for students who take excess credit hours and for students in programs delivered in a compressed time frame to fill high-demand jobs. Five percent of any money generated by those new fees will be spent on need-based aid.
State lawmakers enacted a budget cut to the TOPS college tuition program in the financial year that begins July 1, but they kept college campuses at flat financing otherwise.
Oh, we're not talking about the occasional psychopath who turns up. No, we're talking about you. The experiments speak for themselves:
Psychologists know you have to be careful when you go poking around the human mind because you're never sure what you'll find there. A number of psychological experiments over the years have yielded terrifying conclusions about the subjects.
5 The Asch Conformity Experiment (1953)
The Setup:
Solomon Asch wanted to run a series of studies that would document the power of conformity, for the purpose of depressing everyone who would ever read the results.
Subjects were told that they would be taking part in a vision test, along with a handful of people. The participants were then shown pictures, and individually asked to answer very simple and obvious questions. The catch was that everybody else in the room other than the subject was in on it, and they were were told to give obviously wrong answers. So would the subject go against the crowd, even when the crowd was clearly wrong?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Result:
Questions the subjects were asked were like the puzzle shown here:
All they had to do was say which line on the right matched the one on the left. As you can see, Asch wasn't exactly asking these people to design the next space station. Really, the only way you could get the line questions honestly wrong is if you took two doses of LSD that morning and rubbed them directly on your eyeballs (which would have made for an even more awesome experiment, but we're getting off the point).
Yet, sadly, 32 percent of subjects would answer incorrectly if they saw that three others in the classroom gave the same wrong answer. Even when the line was plainly off by a few inches, it didn't matter. One in three would follow the group right off the proverbial cliff.
What This Says About You:
Imagine how much that 32 percent figure inflates when the answers are less black and white. We all tend to laugh with the group even when we didn't get the joke, or doubt our opinion we realize ours is unpopular among our group. So much for those lectures you got in elementary school about peer pressure and "being brave enough to be yourself."
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
"Well, it's a good thing I'm a rebellious non-conformist," many of you are saying. Of course, for virtually all of you, the next step is to find out what the other non-conformists are doing ...
... and make sure you conform to it perfectly.
"Wait, you're right! Surely we must rebel against this mindless herd mentality! Let's all take to the streets!"
A Princeton University professor is seeking submissions for a project she has dubbed “Trumplandia” in order to document “the impact of Trump's presidency on the world.”
Professor Carolyn Rouse has asked anyone “from around the world” to contribute “any textual, visual, or audio evidence” of “a social phenomenon related to Trump's presidency” that they encounter using an online submission form housed on Princeton's website.
"We will examine conspiracy theory...and racial identity politics in light of ‘Trump-ist' politics."
[RELATED: Cornell to offer course on Trump's ‘xenophobic nationalism']
“This project began two days after the 2016 US Presidential election of Donald Trump. The changes promised by the president-elect to ‘make America great again' were authoritarian and racist,” Rouse states when explaining her motivation for the project, listing many of the issues she has with Trump, such as his promise to “lock Hillary Clinton up,” “build a wall,” and “take away people's health care.”
Rouse vows that submissions to her “Trumplandia” project will serve as her only source of news for the next four years, citing a frustration with the “terrible” news media “in the run-up to the election.”
The material she collects, Rouse predicts, will highlight “the inevitable disenchantment with a conspiracy-theorist turned president” since “the working class whites who voted for him would see their wages stagnate and possibly drop.”
Indeed, she presents it as a foregone conclusion that “not only would the wages and jobs not return to depressed areas of the country,” but also that “school funding in poorer districts would evaporate and health care disappear” as a result of Trump's administration.
“To quell the disenchantment, Trump might take the United States to war,” she asserts provocatively, though she clarifies that this would likely be “a staged war not unlike Reagan's invasion of Grenada in 1983.”
Meanwhile, Princeton will be offering a freshman seminar titled “Trumpland,” with the course description noting that “students will contribute to and draw upon the resources in the new ‘Trumplandia' project.”
[RELATED: Butler course teaches ‘strategies' for resisting Trump]
The course description explains that students will discuss the factors that contributed to Trump's victory in the Rust Belt, including “America's deindustrialization, white identity politics, nationalism, populism, and a new ‘post-truth' relationship with the media.”
“We will examine conspiracy theory, rural atomization, truth claims, and racial identity politics in light of ‘Trump-ist' politics, and seek to chart its path forward in an increasingly destabilized political terrain,” it adds, suggesting that the course “will introduce students to critical theory on race (especially whiteness), conspiracy, authoritarianism, and democracy.”
UPDATE: Rouse explained to Campus Reform that her "website is an honest attempt to understand what is going on," noting that she "interviewed Trump supporters in rural America in the summer of 2016."
"We had a great time. No anger, rage, or diametrically opposed points of view. We agree a lot more than we disagreed," she added, saying she would "absolutely want submissions by Trump supporters or conservatives who are not Trump supporters," so long as they are "respectful, honest, and ethnographic."
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
1. You feel the worst before anyone knows or can tell. First trimester brings on the morning sickness, the constipation, the insane sense of smell, and who knows what other weird bodily shit. But no one knows, so you just have to push through it in public. Fuck that.
2. You will, almost inevitably, pee on yourself at least once, if not once daily during pregnancy. No one tells you this shit, and first time moms always act all surprised. By number 2 you just slap on a panty liner and keep going.
It will be disgusting. You probably won't remember.
4. Your boobs hurt, your back hurts, your fucking FACE hurts…but everyone just constantly tells you how lucky you are to be pregnant. It makes you want to stab them in the face. Or go eat a pint of ice cream with hot sauce sauce on it.
5. Your spouse may develop sympathy pregnancy cravings or symptoms. These are not real and seem to be another way of the universe saying “fuck you preggo, you aren't that special”. The universe can kick rocks.
6. If you are a working mom, you still have to do your damn job every day, even when you feel like shit. If you are stayed at home you still have to watch the other kids even when you really need to just lie the fuck down. Only first time moms who are somehow already staying at home are lucky. If you disagree with me, you're just wrong- you have it easy.
7. You may gain 30lbs, you may gain 300lbs, but your old clothes won't fit. Your boobs look they belong on a porn star (and will NOT stay that way, sorry), and you need to lay out money on a new wardrobe, or at least a boatload of leggings.
How locavore is your state?
Vermont, Maine, Montana and Oregon maintain lead as the most locavore of all states
BRATTLEBORO, VT (May 25, 2018) — America's locavorism leaders are the states of Vermont, Maine, Montana and Oregon, in that order, according to the 2018 Locavore Index, which is researched and compiled by Strolling of the Heifers, a non-profit food advocacy organization based in Vermont.
Rounding out the top 10 in the seventh annual Index, in order, are New Hampshire, Massachusetts, the District of Columbia, Hawaii, Wisconsin and Rhode Island. Vermont has led the Index since its inception in 2012.
Strolling of the Heifers is presenting its annual Strolling of the Heifers Weekend in Brattleboro, Vt., June 1-3, with its famous agriculturally-themed parade — featuring, of course, scores of impeccably groomed heifer calves on the town's historic Main Street.
Since its first parade in 2002, the organization has grown to include multiple components dedicated to supporting family farms, promoting the consumption of local foods, and encouraging entrepreneurship in the farm and food sectors.
“Vermont's farmers and producers are helping to grow our economy. Agriculture creates thousands of jobs for Vermonters and it also provides us with fresh food.” said Anson Tebbetts, Secretary of Vermont's Agency of Agriculture, Food, and Markets. “We are lucky to live in a state where Vermonters value the hard work that's being done on our farms, fields and factories.”
“Strolling of the Heifers is all about the idea that growing and consuming local food is better for everyone.” says Orly Munzing, executive director of Strolling of the Heifers, “The Locavore Index is how we track and encourage more efforts in every state to spread the benefits of healthy local foods and strong local food systems.”
(For the full data set on which the Index is based, including ranking formulas, download this Excel sheet.)
A new component of the Index this year is the per-capita value of a set of U.S. Department of Agriculture grants focused on local food. These are the USDA's Local Food Program Promotion Grants, Specialty Crop Block Grants, Farmers Markets Promotion Grants, and Farm-to-School Grants. All states received funding from at least some of these programs, which totaled $112 million nationally.
On the strength of their grant funding, several states made significant moves toward the top of the Index this year: West Virginia, from 23rd to 14th; North Dakota, from 25th to 19th; and Arkansas, from 45th to 35th.
“We continue to seek out better, more reliable data to use in the Index,” said Martin Langeveld, principal researcher and compiler of the Index. “And we're encouraged that the USDA has maintained a strong program of grants focused on local and specialty foods.”
Along with the USDA grants data, the 2018 Index also incorporates updated information on the number of farmers markets, the number of CSAs, the number of food hubs — all compared on a per-capita basis.
The index continues to include data from the USDA's Census of Agriculture, including data on the dollar volume of direct-to-the-public food sales by farmers. But since this Census data has not been updated since 2012, its weight within the Index has been reduced. A new Census of Agriculture took place 2017, but data is not expected to be released until early 2019. A final component reflects local food commitments made by hospitals in each state.
Strolling of the Heifers offers 10 reasons for people to increase their use of local foods, stressing that local foods are more sustainable, healthier, better for the environment and economically positive than foods sourced from large-scale, globalized food systems.
Strolling of the Heifers' 10 reasons to consume more local foods:
Supports local farms: Buying local food keeps local farms healthy and creates local jobs at farms and in local food processing and distribution systems. Boosts local economy: Food dollars spent at local farms and food producers stay in the local economy, creating more jobs at other local businesses. Less travel: Local food travels much less distance to market than typical fresh or processed grocery store foods, therefore using less fuel and generating less greenhouse gases. Less waste: Because of the shorter distribution chains for local foods, less food is wasted in distribution, warehousing and merchandising. More freshness: Local food is fresher, healthier and tastes better, because it spends less time in transit from farm to plate, and therefore loses fewer nutrients and incurs less spoilage. New and better flavors in each season: When you commit to buy more local food, you'll discover interesting new foods, tasty new ways to prepare food, and a new appreciation of the pleasure of each season's foods. Good for the gene pool and the soil: Local food encourages diversification of local agriculture which preserves genetic diversity and reduces the reliance on monoculture — single crops grown over a wide area to the detriment of soils. Attracts tourists: Local foods promote agritourism — farmers markets and opportunities to visit farms and local food producers help draw tourists to a region. Preserves open space: Buying local food helps local farms survive and thrive, keeping land from being redeveloped into suburban sprawl. Builds more connected communities: Local foods create more vibrant communities by connecting people with the farmers and food producers who bring them healthy local foods. As customers of CSAs and farmers markets have discovered, they are great places to meet and connect with friends as well as farmers!
The Components of the Index are:
Farmers markets , which are generally cooperative efforts to market locally produced food in a central location where consumers can select and purchase food from multiple farm enterprises. The Index ranks farmers markets on a per-capita basis.
CSAs (consumer-supported agriculture), which are cooperative agreements between farmers and consumers; consumers buy shares in a farm's output, and have some say in what is grown. When crops come in, they are divided among shareholders according to the volume of their shares, and the rest may be sold at market. CSA farmers get revenue in advance to cover costs of tilling, soil preparation and seed. Shareholders get fresh produce grown locally and contribute to sustainable farming practices. CSAs are included in the Index on a per-capita basis for each state.
Farm-to-School programs , in which schools buy and feature locally produced, farm-fresh foods. Participating schools usually also add nutrition, culinary and food science components to their curriculum, and may experiential learning opportunities such as farm visits, school gardens and composting. The Index includes includes, for each stage, both the percentage of school districts which have farm-to-school programs, and the average percentage of district food budgets spent on local food.
Food hubs , which are facilities that handle the aggregation, distribution and marketing of foods from a group of farms and food producers in a region. Food hubs are often cooperatively owned, though many are private enterprises. Food hubs are also included on a per-capita basis.
Local Food Program Promotion Grants, Specialty Crop Block Grants, Farmers Markets Promotion Grants, and Farm-to-School Grants are given by the USDA to help communities scale up local and regional food systems and strengthen their economies. They include funding for food hubs, farmers markets, individual farmers, farm cooperatives, schools and other entities. The Index ranks states on a per-capita basis for the total amount of grants received by each state.
The number of hospitals that have pledged to source food locally whenever possible , either through the Healthy Food in Health Care program or the Healthier Hospitals Food Challenge, ranked on a per-capita basis.
Direct-to-the-public food sales revenue at farms, including sales via farmstands, farmers markets, CSAs and online sales, calculated on a per-capita basis for each state.
Sources for the data used in the Index are listed in the Index graphic on this page.
The Index is calculated as the weighted average ranking in all of the component categories. The weighting is as follows: farmers markets per 100,000 — 15 percent; CSAs per 100,000 — 15 percent; Farm to School (product of participation rate and budget percentage) — 10 percent; Food Hubs per 100,000 — 5 percent; direct sales per capita — 20 percent; USDA local food grants per capita 25 percent; and hospitals sourcing food locally 10 percent. The full data set spreadsheet with formulas is available at www.strollingoftheheifers.com/locavoreindex.
About Strolling of the Heifers:
Strolling of the Heifers is a farm and food advocacy and economic development organization based in Brattleboro, Vermont, building a record, since 2002, of spotlighting the benefits of strong local food systems and encouraging innovation and entrepreneurship in farm and food businesses. While Strolling of the Heifers is best-known for a whimsical weekend of events built around an agriculturally-themed parade, featuring well-groomed heifer calves led by future farmers that takes place this year June 1-3, the organization has focused its year-round programs on economic development work in the farm and food sectors, with the specific goal of creating jobs by working to foster small business entrepreneurship. It does this through Windham Grows, a business accelerator that aims to build the food and agriculture sector by connecting startup and early-stage businesses with critical services, resources and financing; the Slow Living Summit, an annual farm/food entrepreneurship conference; and the Farm-to-Table Culinary Apprenticeship Program, which trains under-employed individuals for careers in the culinary field.
On the web: www.StrollingoftheHeifers.com, www.SlowLivingSummit.org, www.WindhamGrows.org.
For further information about the Index, please contact Martin Langeveld, Strolling of the Heifers —newsafternewspapers@gmail.com or 802-380-0226.
For information on the prior year Indexes, visit these pages:
Here is the 2018 Strolling of the Heifers Locavore Index ranking of the states (with the 2017 rank in parentheses):
Police are searching for another man who was allegedly involved in the shooting death of a father whose dying moments were broadcast live on Facebook.
Leon Edward Patchinose, 29, is wanted for manslaughter in connection with the death of William Sumner.
Sumner, a 27-year-old father of three, was shot three times on Father's Day in Winnipeg's North End.
Five days after the shooting, police charged Cameron Bounthieng Kinnavanthong, 32, with second-degree murder, plus several other charges related to possession of weapons and other restricted devices.
Gene Lester Joseph Malcolm, 33, and Jonathan Erin Catcheway, 28, have also been arrested and charged with manslaughter.
Sumner was at a house on Pritchard Avenue near McKenzie Street when there was a fight with Kinnavanthong and some other people, police said in June. Police allege Kinnavanthong pulled out a handgun and fired a number of shots at Sumner then fled the house.
A local woman posted a live broadcast on Facebook of emergency workers trying to resuscitate Sumner outside the house and family learned of his death when someone posted a RIP message on his Facebook wall.
William Sumner was rushed to hospital on Father's Day where he died of gunshot wounds, family members say. (Supplied photo)
Police previously said Malcolm, Catcheway and Kinnavanthong have had prior run-ins with police and have gang associations, but it is not known if the shooting was a gang matter.
Patchinose is described as six-foot-four and 150 pounds.
Police said people should not approach Patchinose. Anyone with information should contact homicide investigators at 204-986-6508 or Crime Stoppers at 204-786-8477.
Image caption More than 700 staff are based at the firm's headquarters in Beaumont Leys
A solar energy firm has gone into administration with the loss of more than 900 jobs.
Staff at Leicester-based Mark Group Ltd, which was founded in 1974, were told the news on Wednesday afternoon.
Administrator Deloitte has made 939 redundancies, but a further 200 jobs are at risk unless a buyer can be found.
A statement said Mark Group had sustained heavy losses due to "structural changes in core markets".
The firm employs 1,165 people across the UK, with more than 700 based at its headquarters in Beaumont Leys.
More than 570 jobs have gone at the company's headquarters, with 154 retained while a buyer is sought.
In September last year, the firm announced it was cutting 670 jobs across the UK as a result of falling demand.
It said a change in government policy on energy efficiency had resulted in a "significant reduction" in installation work.
'Job losses regrettable'
The Sustainable Energy Association said: "This is disastrous news for the thousand or so employees that have left Mark Group buildings to tell their families they no longer have a job."
Chief executive Dave Sowden is calling on the government to rethink its entire approach to energy policy.
He said: "This could easily have been avoided if the government had paid attention to clear signals about the need to instil confidence in the market.
"Ministers were warned long before the election of a confidence problem in the sector due to lack of clarity on policy and frankly could have easily prevented this."
A spokesperson for the Department of Energy and Climate Change said: "All job losses are regrettable and we sympathise with those affected, but commercial decisions are a matter for the company concerned.
"Our priority is to keep bills as low as possible for hardworking families and businesses.
"Government support has driven down the cost of renewable energy significantly and these costs are continuing to fall. We are protecting existing investment and bill payers, while reducing our emissions in the most cost-effective way."
Israel's minister of public security, strategic affairs and information — who has been leading the government's battle against incitement on social media — demanded that Google Play and Apple App Store immediately remove an app with “false and aggressive” content, which could endanger IDF soldiers by encouraging players to kill them, the Hebrew news site Walla reported on Sunday.
According to the report, Gilad Erdan was complaining about “Liyla and the Shadows of War,” which invites users to put themselves in the shoes of a Palestinian girl in Gaza during Operation Protective Edge, Israel's war against Hamas in the summer of 2014.
The description of the free app, developed by Gaza resident Rasheed Abueideh, is as follows:
When you live in a war zone and death is hunting everyone, things will look different and choices become harder. Face your fate in an unjust war to survive with your family from the shadows of war. Time is running against you, your family is in danger and there is nowhere to hide or to do but to get them out of home through a hero journey to a safer place. Shooting and bombing everywhere and it will hunt you unless you make fast decisions as you progress through different events. These events are real and they will make you choose the hard way. Live or die!
Since its release in May, the game — which portrays Israeli soldiers as murderers — has been downloaded more than 100,000 times. Though the Apple App Store makes no mention of Gaza or Operation Protective Edge, Abueideh states on the game's site that it is “based on actual events; it tells a story of a little girl liv[ing] in Gaza during the war in 2014.”
According to Walla, when the game was first released, Apple told its Palestinian developer that the app would be disqualified as a “game,” due to its political content, and proposed that it be placed in the “news” category. Abueideh's response was to lead a social media protest, which caused Apple to relent, omitting all references to the Gaza war.
Still, Abueideh declares on his site:
It's not just a game. It's a case and call for help. I'm a father of two kids, I can't imagine my life without them, but in Palestine nobody is safe. When the war started in Gaza and I saw the images of the killed kids in their parents' hands I was shocked; I had a weird feeling; it's a combination of sadness, fear, empathy and anger, All what I [sic] was thinking of is, “What if this happened to me?” I have chosen to share those feelings in a game to deliver a message of how we are living as Palestinians under this situation.
Walla reported that out of 21,284 ratings it has received in the Google Store, 18,649 gave it five stars. Only 1,428 gave it a low score.
The game's site boasts of winning the Reboot Develop Indie Award in “Visual Excellence” – and nominations for Indie prizes “Best in Show & Most Innovative Game” and “Best Game Narrative.”
According to Walla, Erdan has yet to receive a response from Google or Apple.
As was reported in The Algemeiner, Erdan met with visiting Facebook executives last month to discuss how to prevent and combat Israel-bashing and Jew-hatred on its pages. But attorney Nitsana Darshan-Leitner, founder of Shurat HaDin-The Israel Law Center — which has filed a billion-dollar lawsuit against Facebook for its alleged enabling of incitement to terrorism on its pages — called the meeting “nothing more than the usual public-relations stunt.”
Watch a preview of the game below:
Seems like every generation since the Second World War has had a reason to flock to the suburbs.
Cheap Condo Experiment Fails to Live up to Hype read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
For some of our grandparents, it was racism, escaping from lower-income ethnic enclaves.
For our parents, it was a yard for us kids to play in and a respite from the supposedly crime-ridden cities.
For my generation? Housing prices, thanks to a skyrocketing real estate market and boomers that never seem to tire of telling us we have no choice but to go east, young wo/man.
Take a recent column from the Vancouver Sun's Shelley Fralic, deriding late May's #DontHave1Million housing rally for drawing only a few "coddled" and "indulged" millennials who think the world "owes" them a decent living and a place to stay.
High-cost housing in Vancouver "was ever thus," she said.
Maybe. But it's never been "thus" bad.
'Burbs are no bargain either
Personally I'm okay with never owning a single, detached dwelling in Vancouver. I'm tickled that I live in a walkable, bikeable neighbourhood just a 20-minute ride from work, and for it I've resigned myself to renting, possibly for life. Then again, I don't yet have kids or elderly parents to care for.
What I'm not okay with is being unable to afford anything in Vancouver, rentals included, that isn't falling apart, too small, or subterranean.
Fralic sucked it up and bought a place in the 'burbs in the 1980s -- so why, she asked, does my generation feel so "entitled" to a home in the city?
But Fralic is wrong about the suburbs. For one thing, the housing economy of the 1980s when she bought in -- I was an infant and without the investment capital to join her -- was tied to the region's incomes, says Bing Thom Architects urban planner Andy Yan.
"It's interesting how much housing prices [in Vancouver] dwarf how much people can make in the city," he said. "Housing is not income-based. It's been decoupled from income for a while now."
Today housing costs are so high even the one per cent can't afford most of the houses sold in Vancouver.
Add to that the fact that transit costs combined with housing make almost every suburb, including Fralic's beloved New Westminster, more expensive to live in than Vancouver proper.
So unless Surrey becomes the economic capital of the region, uprooting to the suburbs means losing out on more than Vancouver's vibrant nightlife.
VANCOUVER: WORLD'S WORST HOUSING PRICE/INCOME RATIO? A recent article in the South China Morning Post by Ian Young included these sobering unaffordable home price stats: "Others seek to frame unaffordability as inevitable, since Vancouver is a city of limited land supply. But plenty of other cities are in the same boat: New York and Singapore spring to mind. Both are expensive cities, but Vancouver has left them in the dust in terms of unaffordability. If Vancouver (price/income ratio 10.6) could achieve the affordability of New York (6.1), or Singapore (5.0) I'm betting that Eveline Xia would be dancing down Main Street. “Surely Vancouver has always been unaffordable? A quick check of the stats will show that as recently at 10 years ago, Vancouver's price/income ratio was in dancing territory, at 5.3.”
Dismal disparity
Canada-wide median incomes increased just 5.5 per cent between 1976 and 2009. Meanwhile, Vancouver has the lowest median incomes for people with non-trades post-secondary educations in the country. And that includes masters and PhDs.
But we have the most unaffordable housing prices in North America -- not just Canada, the entire continent. Vancouver housing costs skyrocketed 173 per cent between 2005 and 2015.
This doesn't just impact entitled millennials like me. The middle and low-income workers that keep Vancouver running -- hotel maids, bus drivers, teachers and cops -- can't afford to live here, either.
Back in March, Tyee reporter David P. Ball accompanied hospital worker Mary Lyn Diana on her hour-and-a-half commute home to west Surrey from a Vancouver hospital.
Diana spends 20 per cent of her income on transportation. That's 11 percentage points more than she would spend if she lived closer to work in what the U.S. Department of Transportation dubs a "location efficient environment": one where walking, biking, or public transit to work costs no more than nine per cent of your household income.
Yes to the tax
Fralic is right when she says Vancouver has always been expensive. Turn of the 20th century European and American land speculators were blamed when land costs went from $400/lot in 1886 to $4,250/lot by 1900.
Today, we're blaming China. Urban planner Yan has dubbed Vancouver a "hedge city" where billions of dollars from wealthy Chinese nationals have overinflated real estate. An unpredictable Chinese government known for seizing privately-owned land at will makes investments in politically stable Vancouver inviting.
Some are calling for a municipal tax on foreign investment in residential real estate and on housing flippers. Fralic labels the idea racist if it only applies to off-shore residents, a.k.a. Asian buyers. I agree, so let's open it to all non-resident investors, domestic flippers, and perhaps even to those like Fralic, a proud buyer and seller of rental properties.
While Asian money may be overheating our housing market, ideas from the same continent suggest we could back off a little on the fear of infringing on "free enterprise." Fralic wants to know how a city controls housing costs in a global market without fettering enterprise. Yan points to Singapore and Hong Kong.
"They're in free markets and global economies and they seem perfectly happy to intervene in the housing market," he said. "Anywhere between 70 to 80 per cent of their populations live in a form of government social housing."
And what Fralic's fear of racism fails to highlight is the impact that housing costs "delinked" from incomes has on some of the region's poorest residents: recent immigrants, the majority of whom are originally from East Asian countries.
Using 2006 data, a University of Toronto study found neighbourhoods with the most recent immigrants in the Lower Mainland were also neighbourhoods where incomes had fallen 15 per cent or more since 1976.
A lot of those neighbourhoods are in the suburbs.
Posted Tuesday, August 9, 2011 3:30 pm
BRATTLEBORO -- Police on Tuesday were investigating a shooting which took place at the Brattleboro Food Co-op shortly after the store opened for business.
According to police, at around 8:15 a.m., 59-year-old Richard E. Gagnon of Marlboro walked into the Co-op and shot and killed Michael Martin, 59, of Dummerston. A press release from the Brattleboro Town Office stated that the two had been co-workers at the Co-op.
According to sources, Martin is the store manager, and Gagnon worked in the wine department.
"Currently, the Brattleboro Police Department and the Vermont State Police are continuing this investigation," Brattleboro Police Chief Gene Wrinn said.
Police also said that Gagnon is in custody.
The Co-op was surrounded by police caution tape Tuesday morning, with at least 20 officers on site investigating the scene. The Main Street and Flat Street entrances to the Co-op parking lot have been closed off. The store was closed Tuesday, and store manager Alex Gyori confirmed that the store will remained closed Wednesday and that they would try to open on Thursday. Gyori also said a vigil will be held at the Whetstone Bridge at 6 p.m. Wednesday night.
Officials from the Vermont State Police, Brattleboro Police Department and Brattleboro Fire Department responded to the scene, as well as Rescue, Inc. Representatives from the Windham County State's Attorney's office and other agencies are also involved in the investigation.
A State Police mobile crime unit was requested, and representatives from the State's Attorney's office were called to the scene.
"The town of Brattleboro has again experienced a tragic death," Town Manager Barb Sondag stated in a press release. "There are many victims today -- it is a very sad day."
Sondag also stated that plans were already under way for a community event.
"Let us come together and grieve ... I have reached out to the Interfaith Council and they are actively working on organizing something for our community. As plans are made, detailed information will be provided."
Though the store will remain closed until Thursday, construction on the new co-op building in the same lot will continue as scheduled.
Read more in Wednesday's Reformer.
Some black holes may be older than time
Updated
An intriguing new hypothesis suggests some black holes could have formed before the formation of our universe.
The work by Professor Bernard Carr from Queen Mary University in London and Professor Alan Coley from Canada's Dalhousie University, examines a cosmology in which the universe goes through cycles of birth and death.
According to their work published on the pre-press website arXiv.org, some black holes could be remnants of a previous universe that collapsed in a big crunch and was then reborn in the big bang - 13.7 billion years ago.
Called primordial black holes, they would be formed in the hyper dense conditions existing in the moments after the big bang. That makes them even more exotic than other black holes formed from the collapse of massive stars or at the centre of galaxies.
Professor Carr and Professor Coley say if the universe expands and contracts in cycles of big bangs and big crunches, some primordial black holes may survive.
They reached their conclusion after thinking about what might happen in the moments before a big crunch.
Rather than everything merging back into a singularity, Professor Coley and Professor Carr speculate the densities reached as the universe transitions from big crunch to big bang, mean primordial black holes between a few hundred million kilograms and about the mass of our sun, could survive as separate entities.
So far primordial black holes only exist in theory, and even if scientists do eventually detect one, Professor Carr and Professor Coley admit there would be no way of determining if it was born in our universe or came from a previous epoch.
Pushing the boundaries
Dr Tamara Davis, an astrophysicist and theoretical cosmologist with the University of Queensland, says the work is interesting, but extremely speculative.
She says it pushes the boundaries of existing theories far beyond what those theories are capable of describing.
"We know our theories break down when you get to the densities and pressures existing near the big bang," she said.
"We don't know the physics of what would happen in this bounce, or even if the bounce occurs at all. It's just one of the possible theories of how our universe began, and it's a very speculative one."
But according to Dr Davis, theories that predict these bounces also allow for differences in the fundamental constants of nature.
"The strength of gravity, the speed of light, or the strength of the electric charge could be different in different universes," she said.
"So it becomes even more speculative to say black holes from one universe could exist in another.
"But this kind of research is also very important because it's only by pushing the boundaries of our current theories that we can find out where the weaknesses are and make progress in figuring out how to solve those weaknesses."
Topics: the-universe, blackholes, mathematics, physics, england, qld, canada
First posted
Last week, the Christian chain Hobby Lobby ran an ad (PDF) in dozens of newspapers proclaiming the Christian heritage of our country, with “godly” quotations from the Founding Fathers, the Supreme Court, and Congress. (They've been doing this for years.)
In response, the Freedom From Religion Foundation paid for several full-page ads of their own, celebrating our “godless Constitution” and how our Founding Fathers actually supported separation of church and state:
FFRF said it was the “single most expensive ad campaign in our history.”
Everything seemed to go smoothly (excluding the hate-mail they received)… except at the Daily Oklahoman, where FFRF says their ad was rejected:
A full-page ad set to run July 4 celebrating ‘our godless Constitution' by the national Freedom From Religion Foundation was censored by the Daily Oklahoman, apparently to avoid offending the Oklahoma City-based Hobby Lobby. … “We're shocked that our ad, featuring bonafide quotes from early founders and presidents, would be censored, while Hobby Lobby's disinformation runs without balance,” said FFRF Co-President Annie Laurie Gaylor. “Hobby Lobby's ads falsely portray the United States as a Christian nation with a government founded on a god, and nothing can be further from the truth,” Gaylor added. … “Why can't Oklahoma City readers be permitted to read a view challenging Hobby Lobby's disinformation and our message of ‘In Reason We Trust'?” Gaylor added.
“We have to the right to accept or reject any advertising because we're privately held… I can't comment on an advertiser relationship.”
I called up the Daily Oklahoman just moments ago to see why they would reject such an ad and spoke to their VP of Sales. She told me:
Standard boilerplate response, I thought, but then Hannan added this:
“We have not ever had any direct contact with this organization.”
Wha…? They've never even spoken to FFRF? So is this a case of legal-but-still-not-okay discrimination or just a huge miscommunication?
I asked FFRF if they had contacted the newspaper and they told me that, while Hannan's statement was technically true, it wasn't really telling the full story. FFRF placed so many full-page ads for Independence Day this year that they had a third party group (that specializes in this sort of thing) handle all the ad placements.
That company contacted the Daily Oklahoman. That company was told FFRF's ad couldn't run in the newspaper.
So while the paper never had direct contact with FFRF, they still knew of and rejected FFRF's ad.
Why did they do it? We have no idea so we're forced to speculate. Probably to avoid any backlash from Christians with thin skin.
The tradition is at odds with the beliefs of many residents of this predominantly liberal college town, home to Washington and Lee University as well as the Virginia Military Institute. Defenders of the battle flag regard it as a symbol of Southern pride and heritage. But critics view it as an emblem of bigotry, an especially sensitive topic after the conviction last month of Dylann Roof, a white supremacist who has been sentenced to death for a shooting in a Charleston, S.C., church that left nine black congregants dead.
This year, longstanding tensions in Lexington increased after Ku Klux Klan recruitment fliers appeared around town last spring, prompting a group of professors and faith leaders to form an advocacy group, the Community Anti-Racism Education Initiative.
In working to establish a King parade, they encountered resistance from both battle flag supporters, who called them antagonistic for their choice of date, and flag opponents, including some lifelong African-American residents, who said the parade threatened to upset the delicate, unspoken agreements that had allowed black and white residents to coexist in relative peace despite the town's history.
A walk around downtown gives a sense of what they mean. Marysue Forrest, 69, a white bookstore owner, said she had never felt racial tension in Lexington. She declared with pride that she was related “by ex-marriage” to Nathan Bedford Forrest, the Confederate general. She did not say that he was the first grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.
Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA) told MSNBC's Chuck Todd on Meet the Press Daily on Tuesday that the U.S. House of Representatives has paid $15 million to alleged victims of sexual harassment by its own members in recent years.
“We do know there is about $15 million that has been paid out by the House on behalf of harassers in the last ten to 15 years,” she said.
“15 million dollars has been paid out over sexual harassment claims,” Todd replied, somewhat shocked. “So, obviously more than one member of Congress.”
Pressed for details, Speier said she did not know how many members of Congress were involved. She also explained that victims had signed non-disclosure agreements.
“If the taxpayers are involved, don't we have the right to know?” Todd asked later in the segment.
“I think you do have the right to know,” she said. “But right now, under the system, you don't have a right to know.”
Speer described a one-sided investigative process that does everything to protect members of Congress — and little to protect the rights of victims: “Right now it takes almost 90 days to be able to file a complaint. And before actually going through the mediation, you have to sign a non-disclosure agreement. And then, you are not represented by counsel, but the harasser is represented by the House of Representatives general counsel.”
Todd admitted that Congress's proclivity to sexual harassment was an open secret in Washington, DC: “It's like finding out that there was gambling going on in Casablanca. The environment on Capitol Hill, particularly when I was younger in the '90s and the '00s. It was sort of well-known that that environment existed.”
Earlier in the day, Speier testified at the Committee on House Administration that there were two current members of Congress, one Republican and one Democrat, who were guilty of sexual harassment. She did not divulge names.
CNN also reported on Tuesday that harassment was widespread on Capitol Hill and in the surrounding office buildings.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines embassy in Washington has chided broadcaster CBS Corp and demanded “corrective actions” against what it said was a trailer of drama “Madam Secretary” that featured a Philippine president making inappropriate advances on a minister.
In a letter to CBS, the embassy complained of a “highly negative portrayal” it said “tarnishes the Philippines' longstanding advocacy for women's rights and gender equality”.
A 20-second teaser uploaded on YouTube, which went viral in the Philippines, shows a U.S. Secretary of State, played by Tea Leoni, punching a fictional Philippine president and giving him a bloodied nose, after his improper behavior toward her.
Reuters could not immediately verify if the clip originated from CBS and did not receive any immediate response to a telephone call and email to CBS for comment. The trailer did not appear on its YouTube channel or its website dedicated to the political drama.
But a preview of the forthcoming episode on the CBS website said the character played by Leoni is shocked when “the Philippines unconventional new president makes a pass at her”.
Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte, who took office eight months ago, has often been described as unconventional, as well as volatile, mercurial, unorthodox and foul-mouthed.
He has also been characterized as Asia's version of U.S. President Donald Trump.
Though Duterte is a self-confessed womanizer and has been criticized for making lewd comments and occasionally wolf-whistling at women, his supporters point to how many of his policies are geared toward gender equality and promoting and recognizing women in important roles.
Duterte's spokesman, Ernesto Abella, said that if CBS wanted to make such a portrayal of a president, it could have looked closer to home.
“They're projecting something that they really would like to say about their own situation,” he said on Tuesday. “Really, I think they should use a fictional U.S. president.”
Jon Fitch will put his welterweight title on the line for the first time in November when he meets Jake Shields in the WSOF 34 main event.
WSOF President Ray Sefo announced the matchup between Fitch (28-7-1) and Shields (31-8-1) to ESPN.com today, confirming the card would run opposite of the highly anticipated UFC 205 pay-per-view set for the same night at Madison Square Garden in New York City.
WSOF 34 takes place Nov. 12 at Budweiser Events Center in Loveland, Colo., near Denver. The main card airs on NBCSN following prelims on MMAjunkie.
Fitch won the 170-pound title in April with a unanimous decision win over Joao Zeferino at WSOF 30. The belt had been stripped from former champ Rousimar Palhares after he was suspended for holding yet another submission – against Shields in a title fight – for too long. Fitch had lost a title fight to Palhares by submission in 90 seconds at WSOF 16.
But after that loss, he outworked Yushin Okami at WSOF 24 in October 2015 in a title eliminator, then picked up a five-round sweep of Zeferino to win the belt earlier this year.
Shields has long been expected to be Fitch's first test as champion, but the fight was delayed by a contract negotiation between Shields and WSOF. Sefo told ESPN.com Fitch recently came to terms on a new deal, paving the way for the fight to finally be booked.
In his most recent fight, Shields was submitted by Palhares, which snapped a two-fight winning streak that saw him submit Ryan Ford at WSOF 14 in his promotional debut and Brian Foster at WSOF 17 in January 2015.
For more on WSOF 34, check out the MMA Events section of the site.
Vin Diesel has two daughters, and woe to anyone who treats them in a less than respectable manner. Earlier this year, he welcomed baby Pauline into the world; she's named in honor of Paul Walker. And then there's Hania Riley, who is now 7 years old. Vin is already thinking ahead with Hania and giving her all the tools she'll need to protect herself… and he's enlisted his friend and Furious 7 co-star Ronda Rousey to help out. Via Star Pulse:
“First of all, I feel sorry for anyone that has to (date her). I wouldn't want that on my worst enemy because I'm just that kind of dad.” “I've been thinking about this since the day I cut the umbilical cord and because of that I made a decision early on that I was going to do everything in my power to empower her to handle it herself.” “Because of her ‘auntie' Ronda Rousey she is now an orange belt with stripes in Judo. I'm dealing with it early. I'm creating a beast and I want her to be able to say no means no.”
Judo is a great martial art to teach your kid. If they get good enough at it, anyone wearing a shirt is fair game to get tossed face first into the dirt. Forget Kung Fu and Karate and all that McDojo crap. In a scenario against someone who has no judo training, it's almost comical how easy it is for a competent judo practitioner to throw or trip their opponent.
And who knows, with ‘Auntie Rousey' and Daddy Diesel helping her along, maybe we'll end up seeing Hania fighting in the UFC some day. Not that she'll need the money or anything. By then, Fast & Furious 15 will have come out and the Diesels will be as wealthy as Dubai royalty. Unless Vin blows the family fortune making a bunch of terrible movies based on various Dungeons & Dragons characters he used to play as a teenager. Not that far-fetched of a possibility.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
(via Star Pulse)
Spread the love
Vineland, NJ — A graphic new video has emerged capturing the brutal murder of New Jersey man, Phillip White, by Vineland police. As we reported earlier this week, White died in custody late Tuesday morning after police let a K-9 maul the handcuffed man as they beat him into the ground.
The video gives a clear and disturbing view of the 32-year-old's final moments, as well as an attempt by one officer to confiscate the evidence of the murder.
Upon realizing the incident was being filmed, the officer approached the man recording and asked,
“Did you see what happened over here? All of it?”
When the man confirmed that he did, the officer demanded his information and attempted to confiscate the footage.
A top-ranking law enforcement official, not connected to the investigation, was deeply disturbed by the actions of the officers involved. He commented anonymously, saying officers should have called off the dog immediately after bringing White under control. Furthermore, the expert said the officer demanding the recording of the event had no right to do so.
An independent investigation is being launched by White's family attorney, Conrad Benedetto, who stated, “There are great concerns about the circumstances that surround this death.”
After declining to comment on the initial video released, Vineland police have thus far ignored calls seeking a response on this footage of the incident.
Rams receiver Mike Thomas has been suspended for the first four games of the 2017 season, the league announced Friday afternoon.
Thomas will be suspended without pay “for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances.”
The league did not give specifics on Thomas' alleged violation, but the NFL's drug policy calls for an automatic four-game suspension for a positive test result for a “stimulant or anabolic agent.”
A sixth-round draft pick out of Southern Mississippi in 2016, Thomas appeared in 15 games last season, caught three passes for 37 yards and also contributed on special teams.
Thomas had drawn praise from new Coach Sean McVay throughout the Rams' offseason program for his on-field improvement, and Thomas is expected to compete for a spot on the final 53-man roster in training camp.
Thomas can participate in training camp and in preseason games but won't be able to return to the active roster until Oct. 2.
In April, Rams cornerback Troy Hill was suspended for the first two games of the season for a violation of the league's drug policy. Hill previously pleaded no contest to a charge of driving under the influence.
HIGBEE PLEADS GUILTY
Rams tight end Tyler Higbee pleaded guilty on Friday to “assault under extreme emotional disturbance” and avoided jail time, the Bowling Green Daily News reported Friday.
Higbee was arrested in Ohio last April, less than a month before the Rams drafted him, and was accused of punching a man in the face.
Higbee's plea deal Friday means he will avoid jail if he completes a five-year pretrial diversion program that includes restitution to the victim, the newspaper reported. Higbee also must avoid another arrest, pass drug tests, perform 250 hours of community service, and he is not allowed to own a gun.
The newspaper reported that “assault under extreme emotional disturbance” commonly is known as a “heat-of-the-moment” assault.
I just recently found this great company called Trixi's Treasures. These snacks are so yummy (according to my kiddos since I'm dieting). They have so many options and each one has a unique blend and taste. They make great additions to the kiddos Easter baskets which is what I plan to use them for. Check out some of our favorites:
Shantelyn's Cookie “Bake”-ry Mint Pearl Krisp Cripsy Butter Shortbread Treasure Coins are ready to eat crispy, buttery shortbread cookies that are made with our signature original treasure mix pieces, then we add tiny pieces of chocolate coated crunchy mint candies to make them super delicious.
Shantelyn's Smoothie Stop Peach Treasure Mix includes the signature Shantelyn Treasure mix flavored with 100% real fruit, unsulfered and unsweeted. They are also 100% real yogurt drops, made with live active cultures and contain no preservatives.
Casino waitresses are effectively "sex objects" and can be fired for putting on too much weight, according to a ruling last week by an Atlantic County Superior Court judge in New Jersey.
Superior Court Judge Nelson Johnson's decision ended the legal battle between popular Atlantic City casino the Borgata and a group of 22 former cocktail servers known collectively as "Borgata Babes."
The 22 Babes filed suit against the Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa alleging weight discrimination, according to the Los Angeles Times. The women specifically targeted a casino policy that prohibited "Borgata Babes" from gaining more than 7 percent of their original body weight.
The Press of Atlantic City reports that in court documents, the Babes claimed that the stringent guidelines sometimes forced drastic measures. Waitresses were even told to take laxatives before to mandatory weigh-ins or stop taking prescription medications, according to the site.
In his ruling against the "Babes," however, Judge Johnson said the Borgata guidelines were fair, and that all women knew what they were getting into when they accepted positions in the casino's selective program.
“The Borgata Babe program has a sufficient level of trapping and adornments to render its participants akin to ‘sex objects' to the Borgata's patrons," Johnson wrote, according to the Press of Atlantic City. "Nevertheless, for the individual labeled a babe to become a sex object requires that person's participation.”
TIME notes that the ruling highlights the lack of weight-based discrimination protections in the America -- currently, only Michigan prohibits workplace discrimination based on height or weight.
“[The Borgata Babes decision was] a horrible ruling,” Michigan-based disability rights attorney Richard Bernstein told Time. “You have to look at the far-reaching applications of it. You always have to look at a decision with a broad brush. That decision gives employers a tremendous power over people in the workplace.”
Bernstein, who in 2010 represented a Hooters waitress suing on similar, weight-discrimination grounds, added that Johnson may have set an unfortunate precedent for employers.
Joe Lupo, Borgata's senior vice president of operations, meanwhile told the Press of Atlantic City that casino was pleased with the ruling.
“The court noted that our personal appearance standards are fully and openly disclosed to all team members, and that every plaintiff voluntarily accepted them before starting work,” Lupo said.
The midfielder has, as expected, been omitted by Didier Deschamps, with Franck Ribery, Karim Benzema and Patrice Evra all included
Manchester City midfielder Samir Nasri has been left out of France's provisional World Cup squad.
Nasri was widely expected to be omitted by coach Didier Deschamps, who has handed somewhat surprising places to Raphael Varane - who has been struggling for game time at Real Madrid this season - as well as young full-back Lucas Digne ahead of Gael Clichy.
Franck Ribery, Karim Benzema, Patrice Evra, Paul Pogba and Yohan Cabaye are all included.
Squad in full
Goalkeepers: Hugo Lloris (Tottenham), Steve Mandanda (Marseille), Mickeal Landreau (Bastia)
Defenders: Raphael Varane (Real Madrid ), Mamadou Sakho (Liverpool ), Mathieu Debuchy (Newcastle), Laurent Koscielny (Arsenal ), Lucas Digne (Paris), Eliaquim Mangala (Porto), Bacary Sagna (Arsenal), Patrice Evra (Manchester United)
Midfielders: Yohan Cabaye (PSG), Paul Pogba (Juventus), Blaise Matuidi (PSG), Moussa Sissoko (Newcastle), Clement Grenier (Lyon), Rio Mavuba (Lille), Mathieu Valbuena (Marseille).
Forwards: Karim Benzema (Real Madrid), Franck Ribery (Bayern Munich), Antoine Griezmann (Real Sociedad), Olivier Giroud (Arsenal), Loic Remy (Newcastle)
Reserve list: Remy Cabella (Montpellier), Maxime Gonalons (Lyon), Alexandre Lacazette (Lyon), Loic Perrin (Saint-Etienne), Stephane Ruffier (Saint-Etienne), Morgan Schneiderlin (Southampton), Benoit Tremoulinas (Saint-Etienne).
The information in our articles is NOT intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional and is not intended as medical advice.
Our team includes licensed nutritionists and dietitians, certified health education specialists, as well as certified strength and conditioning specialists, personal trainers and corrective exercise specialists. Our team aims to be not only thorough with its research, but also objective and unbiased.
This article is based on scientific evidence, written by experts and fact checked by our trained editorial staff. Note that the numbers in parentheses (1, 2, etc.) are clickable links to medically peer-reviewed studies.
The information in our articles is NOT intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional and is not intended as medical advice.
With strict editorial sourcing guidelines, we only link to academic research institutions, reputable media sites and, when research is available, medically peer-reviewed studies. Note that the numbers in parentheses (1, 2, etc.) are clickable links to these studies.
Licorice has become synonymous with a strong candy flavor, but the herb itself — Glycyrrhiza glabra — has very different strengths. An adaptogen herb, licorice root can be found growing in Europe, the Mediterranean and Asia, and it's been used for thousands of years and dozens of purposes, including as a leaky gut remedy.
If licorice root benefits so many conditions, though, why do we only think of it as a candy flavoring? What is DGL licorice root, and is it necessary to buy special licorice root supplements?
Let's walk through the history, uses and questions surrounding licorice root. This ancient herb has much to offer. Licorice is a household name in sweet treats, but it's time licorice root becomes famous for its benefits.
Licorice Root History
Licorice is a member of the legume family, and while there are species that grow in the U.S., Glycyrrhiza glabra is primarily native to Europe and Asia. Also, you might see “Chinese licorice” listed on products. In that case, it's likely Glycyrrhiza uralensis, the second variety.
Licorice root benefits are primarily the same between the two varieties, according to the Journal of Advanced Research. (1) However, it's worth noting that glabra is typically the variety referred to when discussing licorice root.
Glycyrrhiza's name reflects its most popularly known claim to fame: “sweet root.” (2) With an extract that can be 30 to 50 times sweeter than sugar, we can see why our ancestors were inspired to turn it into candy! In Chinese medicine, anti-inflammatory licorice root has been used for centuries for many of the same uses that science has confirmed now — coughs and colds, gastrointestional issues, and female reproductive issues.
One interesting note about the way licorice has been used in Chinese medicine is that it was used as a “guide drug.” Licorice root was used in tandem with other herbs and remedies to enhance their effects and essentially guide the other herbs to where they would be most beneficial. In 2013, this use was observed and reviewed by the Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine. (3) This ancient purpose, along with other licorice root benefits, no doubt contributed to licorice root being the most used herb in Chinese medicine! (4)
Europeans didn't ignore the benefits of licorice as supplement, either. Licorice root has documented uses from antiquity, from ancient Greece and Rome to the Middle Ages and beyond. (5) By the 20th century, manufacturing allowed the root to be stripped for pharmaceutical uses and then extracted for candy sweetener. (6)
Now, that familiarly strong licorice flavor is usually replicated by the similarly flavored anise seed (a common biblical herb), but you can still get genuine licorice candy — usually “black licorice” to distinguish it from the red imitation candy.
The medicinal strength and benefits of licorice root are prominent enough that the FDA issued a notice for consumers to be aware that black licorice is more than just a sweet treat. (7) Even when the root extract is used just to sweeten, it can't be ignored as a potent compound. And while the root is the primary portion used for supplements and remedies, the leaves have been evaluated for their antimicrobial benefits, as well. In an Iranian Journal of Pharmaceutical Research study, the leaves tested well against bacteria and thus may work as a staph and candida cure. (8)
DGL Licorice vs. Licorice Extract
Thanks to its odd name, licorice supplement labels can be a bit daunting to process. In order to understand deglycyrrhized (DGL) licorice, we first need to break down some of the main compounds in licorice root extracts.
Licorice root is so complex that researchers have isolated 134 different compounds in the glabra variety and 170 in Chinese licorice. Obviously, we don't have time to discuss them all and researchers learn more about compounds in herbs every day. But there are at least four main types of compounds found in licorice root: flavonoids, coumarins, triterpenoids and stilbenoids. (9)
There are countless compounds and variations within each categorization, but we can generally understand a compound by its type:
Flavonoids: rich antioxidants Flavonoids, for example, are responsible for a plant's deep pigment (like the blue in blueberries or the black in black licorice) and are usuallyand anti-inflammatory , among other benefits.
Coumarins & Stilbenoids: Coumarins and stilbenoids are polyphenols that are often anti-inflammatory and antibiotic.
Triterpenoids: Triterpenoids are typically stronger in nature and sometimes include steroidal substances. ( 10 )
A prominent example of the benefits found in these compounds is the flavonoid glabradin, which contributes to numerous licorice root benefits. First described in the 1970s, researchers have since discovered many of its effects. It's observed to be anti-inflammatory, have an effect on metabolism and function as a phytoestrogen — which can sometimes benefit women's health in many ways. (11)
Now that we have broken down a little bit of the structure of licorice root, we can look at the compound that's sometimes removed from standardized licorice supplements. The licorice plant's namesake and cause of the sweet flavor in the root is the triterpenoid glycyrrhizin. It's a potent anti-inflammatory, mild natural laxative and expectorant, among other benefits — meaning, it's not removed because of inherent danger. (12)
Glycyrrhizin has been noted to create side effects when overused, such as increased blood pressure, reduced potassium levels, edema (swelling) and other issues. Because this would exclude people with blood pressure, liver and kidney issues, as well as pregnant women, licorice supplements can be standardized to remove this compound — known as deglycyrrhized licorice.
For otherwise healthy adults without a contraindication, however, glycyrrhizin can absolutely be beneficial, as noted above. In order to minimize the risk of complications, licorice root extract shouldn't be overused, and it shouldn't be taken in large doses long term without giving the body a break periodically. Stick to 6-18 grams per day at the maximum if you're taking licorice every day — for comparison, most supplements containing licorice root have less than one gram per serving. (13)
Limitations aren't the same as contraindication. Licorice root benefits a number of conditions and is an excellent addition to any herbal supplement toolbox.
7 Benefits of Licorice Root
​When looking at the varied compounds in licorice and their clear benefits, it's not surprising that this ancient herb has lasted through the centuries! Just a few indications for licorice root include heartburn, leaky gut, adrenal fatigue, PMS and pain relief.
These kinds of conditions are terribly prominent in our society. You would be hard-pressed to find someone who isn't affected by one (or more!) of these conditions. Heartburn alone is a facet of gastrointestinal disorders that Americans spend $90 billion (!) to remedy, every single year. (14) Let's take a quick look at each of these common conditions and how licorice root benefits them.
Published in the journal Evidence-based Complementary and Alternative Medicine, an extract of Glycyrrhiza glabra was found to be effective against functional dyspepsia, which includes not only heartburn but also a natural remedy for nausea, indigestion and stomach pain. (15)
The type used for the study was DGL licorice, which left participants without any negative side effects associated with glycyrrhizin. DGL can be purchased as chewable tablets that can be taken before meals.
​2. L​eaky Gut
Tied to systemic health issues, leaky gut syndrome can be difficult to tackle. As an anti-inflammatory and demulcent (soothing) herb, licorice root works as a natural remedy for ulcers and can be a beneficial leaky gut supplement. (16)
In spite of living in a relatively simple time in history, our society is plagued by environmental, physical and mental stress disorders. So many of us have sent our adrenal glands in overdrive, like we're running from wooly mammoths when we're really just dealing with a budget issue or a decision at work.
In the medical journal Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology, licorice was found to help the body more efficiently regulate cortisol — the stress hormone — thus giving your adrenals a break. (17) It turns out it's one of the main adaptogen herbs to help improve stress response.
​4. I​mmunity
Licorice is emerging as a prominent player in the search for treatment and prevention for diseases like hepatitis C, HIV and influenza. The triterpenoid content has been confirmed as an antiviral, making licorice extract a potentially strong partner for the immune system. (18) One study published in Food Chemistry described licorice as having “antioxidant, free-radical scavenging, immunostimulating” properties. (19)
5. Cough / sore throat
Licorice root benefits a sore throat or cough immensely as an effective expectorant, helping to loosen and expel mucus that the cough is trying to eliminate. Its soothing demulcent, anti-inflammatory properties can bring fast relief for sore throat. Demulcents need to make contact with the part of the body that needs to be soothed, so extracts in cough drops and syrups, as well as tea, are most effective. (20)
6. ​ P​MS / Menopause
Licorice root also appears to have an estrogen-like effect in women, lending itself as an option for menstrual- and fertility-related concerns, including as a natural remedy for PMS. (21) For treatment of menopause, licorice was shown in a Health Care for Women International studies to be better than hormone replacement therapy at reducing the duration of hot flashes. (22)
​7. P ​ ain relief
As an antispasmodic, licorice can have an effect on cramps both abdominally and potentially in the muscles, as well. (23) Topically, licorice can alleviate eczema discomfort and other dermal conditions as it acts as a hydrocortisone. (24) Anti-inflammatory benefits may also help relieve pain, including acting as a natural remedy for joint pain.
Side Effects and Recommended Use
The side effects of licorice root are primarily connected to glycyrrhizin, so if any of them concern you, DGL licorice is probably the best option. Never consume licorice root extract if you're pregnant, as it may increase risk of early deliver or miscarriage, or if you have heart, liver or kidney issues.
Some evidence suggests taking licorice in supplement form may have estrogen-like effects on female hormone sensitive conditions (breast cancer, uterine cancer, ovarian cancer, endometriosis, uterine fibroids) and should not be taken by people with such diseases. It may also worsen hypertonia (a muscle condition caused by nerve disease), potassium deficiency (hypokalemia) or erectile dysfunction. (25)
If you do consume licorice root extract, the maximum recommended dosage is a maximum of six to 18 grams a day in order to limit the amount of glycyrrhizin. (26) Side effects to watch for include edema, high blood pressure, low potassium levels and chronic fatigue. Also, stop taking licorice root two weeks before surgery, as it may interfere with blood pressure control during surgical procedures. (25)
Steven Avery enters a courtroom in the Calumet County Courthouse in Chilton, Wis., in March 2007. (Photo: AP)
Petitions have been circulating online demanding that President Obama pardon the two men convicted in the 2005 murder of 25-year-old freelance photographer Teresa Halbach.
The petitions are the result of a 10-part Netflix documentary series called Making a Murderer that was released in mid-December. It focuses on Halbach's homicide and raises questions about the strength of the cases against Steven Avery and his nephew, Brendan Dassey. Allegations of police misconduct are also a thread tying the 10 parts together.
The petitions on Change.org and on Whitehouse.gov together have more than 300,000 signatures. But they're asking Obama to do something he simply cannot do.
According to the U.S. Department of Justice, the president can commute only federal criminal sentences — not those handed down in state courts. Both men were charged and convicted on state charges.
The filmmakers said that they wanted the series to raise questions about the justice system. Many online have taken it further, saying they believe Avery and Dassey are innocent of the charges against them.
Avery is serving a life term in the Wisconsin Prison System without the possibility of parole. A judge set Dassey's parole eligibility date as Oct. 31, 2048.
Instead, the DOJ says those petitions should be directed at the governor or other appropriate authorities of the state where the person was convicted.
A petition directed at Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker on Change.org had just under 1,700 supporters as of Tuesday morning. But Walker has previously said he will grant no pardons.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1R9sB2a
Microsoft's new music initiative begins in earnest starting Tuesday, October 16th alongside the new Xbox 360 Dashboard update. The Xbox Music service — named as such to emphasize the Xbox's branding as an entertainment brand that goes beyond just gaming — will launch tomorrow with Xbox 360 and come pre-installed on all Windows 8 (starting October 26th) and Windows Phone 8 devices.
Xbox Music General Manager Jerry Johnson described Xbox Music as the best of all music services: à la carte options akin to iTunes, streaming options à la Spotify, and a Smart DJ radio option similar to Pandora. As such, Xbox Music offers three ways to use the service: free, ad-supported streaming (for Windows 8 only), a $9.99 monthly subscription (dubbed Xbox Music Pass) that allows unlimited play, and the pay-per-song model via Xbox Music Store that lets you purchase and download 256kbps DRM-free MP3s (streaming music plays as 192kbps WMA files). Current Zune subscribers can jump right in tomorrow with Xbox Music Pass; everyone else can opt for a free 30-day trial.
A unified user experience across all three platforms
The Xbox Music interface is exactly what you'd expect from a new Microsoft app: a heavy emphasis on tiles. The top of the software shows you option to access your personal music and playlist, editorially-driven recommendations, and top-played tracks across region. It's a unified experience across Windows 8, Xbox 360, and even what little we saw of the Windows Phone 8 app. And it's really nice, in fact — a very logical interface that minimizes the clicks from open to playing. There's a bit of Smart Glass functionality, too, in sending playlists and songs from a Windows 8 device to the Xbox 360.
Almost 70,000 music videos — more than Vevo — for Xbox 360 only
Additionally, the Xbox Music Pass grants Xbox 360 users access to almost 70,000 music videos — more than Vevo, according to Johnson. "We really focused on where is the best place to enjoy and consume music videos and we said it's going to be the big screen," he said, and while we agree the presentation is gorgeous, we don't see the need to limit music videos to just the set-top console — especially with OEMs offering Windows 8 devices with large screens.
At launch, the free music streaming is for Windows 8 only and will be available in 15 markets. The subscription-based Xbox Music Pass (all three platforms) and à la carte Xbox Music Store (Windows Phone 8 and Windows 8) will be available in 22 markets. Microsoft is touting 30 million tracks worldwide, a global catalog "on par with iTunes," and both the selection and number of markets will grow in the coming months.
Microsoft is promising a number of features coming in 2013, including more social integration, scan-and-match functionality, and a cloud-based locker that will separate from SkyDrive. So-called "reach" clients like iOS and Android are also due "within the coming year" and a web-based client is on the roadmap. Alas, the future of Xbox Music starts with Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8 — those on Windows 7 or Windows Phone 7 will have to stick with Zune. The new Xbox Music is a hard but promising sell: a strong library and easy-to-use interface that's limited by the number of platforms it'll be available for. The initiative begins tomorrow, but it's going to take more ubiquity to really see its potential.
Update: Microsoft's terms of service for Xbox Music reveal that after six months of use the free streaming option for Windows 8 will be limited to just ten hours of playback each month.
The worldwide event had very little to do with uniting and defending women—and everything to do with promoting a progressive, radicalized agenda.
In January, it was a march. In February, it's become a movement: a developing, inelegant phenomenon quivering with the latent energy of a post-march high. The covers of Time and the New Yorker recently featured a certain cat-eared pink hat. Organizers have developed 10 action steps for the first 100 days.
At USA Today, author Heidi M. Przybyla argued that “The march's biggest asset — that it was completely organic and grass-roots — is now its challenge going forward.” Nascent march group organizers in New Jersey are hoping their collective acts as a clearinghouse on reproductive rights, climate change, and a free press.
In a four-part series on the social science behind the Women's March, the Washington Post asked whether a movement “embracing such wide-ranging goals — from protecting immigrants to stopping climate change, from racial justice and religious diversity to reproductive freedom — [can] channel its support into sustained political action.” The Post suggested that Marchers shared a “common elevating goal,” though really, they had none. The Post stabbed weakly at a unifying hatred of the new president as its cause célèbre.
The Women's March Wasn't For Everyone
As we may not be rid of the pink hats anytime soon, we ought to consider the incongruity of the worldwide Women's Marches, which proved more than some of their attendees had bargained for. Marchers' multiple, varied motivations could be precisely the blocks upon which local organizers find themselves now stumbling.
One Saturday in January, some five million feminists gathered across the globe, a sea of pink that roared from L.A. to Copenhagen. They threw their fists in the air and chanted, “No Hate! No Fear!” The March's siren song, “The Rise of the Woman = The Rise of the Nation,” was a palatable aphorism that spoke of no real agenda. That was not by accident. The Women's March was not a march for every woman.
As the pictures and footage surfaced, it became clear that the feminism of the Women's March was a grotesque caricature of its origins. This was not Susan B. Anthony's party. What were once ERA picket lines, became cries of “Free Palestine.” What was once the 1979 Iranian protest by women against hijabs, became American-flag hijabs on placards hoisted high. It was “pussyhats” and the c-word and abortion on demand and female genitalia on our faces. How egalitarian!
How Intersectional Feminism Took Over
Except that it wasn't. It was a vulgar, sacrilegious, overly-sexualized advancement of an agenda not only hypocritical in its application, but disingenuous about its motivations. The March was just more identity politics at play—disheartening for those who were foolish enough to believe we could be of any religion, political affiliation, or voting history to get behind it. You know, as long as we were women.
But we failed to read the fine print. Those with views on equality stemming from, say, the right to exist in the first place were shut down. With Planned Parenthood acting as “premier sponsor” of the event, it's little wonder alternative perspectives were not tolerated. Once notified of their pro-life stance, March organizers dropped The New Wave Feminists before the ink on their posters was dry.
The intersectional feminism of the March wasn't immediately visible. Straight, white women were tolerated, but certainly not exalted. The organizers wanted to make sure the march “[was] led or centered around women of color, or it will be a bunch of white women marching on Washington.” As a result, some feminists couldn't help but feel that the real agenda of equality had been hijacked in favor of an illiberal liberalism.
This is the kind of double-speak at which the Left is so adept: where differences are celebrated, but only if they're the right ones; where partisan mitosis continues until the only causes left to champion are those of the transgender, bisexual, Muslim illegal immigrant trying to get a late-term abortion.
The March's ‘Equality' Hid A Radicalized, Selective Agenda
Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards took the stage in her pink power suit but said nothing of Margaret Sanger's overt racism. Planned Parenthood's hidden eugenics, Sanger's comments on the “deterioration of the human stock,” all leading to the abortion of a disproportionate number of black babies: nothing was said of this at the Women's March. The March's advertised “equality” hid its dirty secret: some people are still more valued than others.
The list of 50+ partners read like a who's who of the radicalized Left, representing everything from climate change to gun control to stronger unions. Throughout, there remained an emphasis on the kind of manufactured terror that galvanizes progressives toward Obama's promised “fundamental transformation of America.” The organizers of this “grassroots” movement may as well have been an Obama transition team.
The signs read: “Pu**y grabs back,” “Hysteria is the only appropriate response! Panic!” and “Why are you so obsessed with me?” printed over female reproductive organs (though it would seem that the ubiquitous “pussy hats” and foam vaginas had already answered the question).
Speakers Shared a Highly Partisan Message
Speakers were among the Left's most assiduous cohorts, including Ilyasah Shabazz (Malcolm X's daughter), and Zahra Billoo (of the Council on American Islamic Relations). With raised fists, marchers pawned chants from Assata Shakur, the Black Liberation Army member convicted of murder in the '70s. Donna Hylton, who spent 27 years in prison for her participation in the kidnapping, rape, and murder of a gay man, took the dais alongside Cecile Richards. A predictably agitated Michael Moore howled, “We have to take over the Democratic Party…The old guard Democratic party has got to go,” thereby dispatching with any notions of the march's non-partisanship.
Actress America Ferrera warned, “We are every single one of us under attack.” Ashley Judd delivered a long-winded monologue that was part Tennessee Williams, part spoken-word porn: “Our pu**ies ain't for grabbin!” Madonna (ever the paragon of restraint and discretion) had a simple message for “detractors” (i.e., Trump): “F**k you.”
Were these our feminist heroes?
Linda Sarsour, one of the lead organizers of the Women's March, was vocally defended by the perversely profitable Southern “Poverty” Law Center when criticized for her adherence to Sharia law. Sarsour's celebration of her Sharia compliance was downright laughable at a “woman's march.” Sharia calls for the complete subjugation of women—including rape, female genital mutilation, “honor killings,” and the murder of homosexuals.
Post-march, it came to light that Sarsour has family ties to international terror group Hamas, as well as the Council on American Islamic Relations (C.A.I.R.), which the Justice Department deemed to be a co-conspirator in the Holy Land Foundation terrorism financing trial. As far back as 2014, Sarsour was publicly defending C.A.I.R., though the United Arab Emirates classified C.A.I.R. as a terrorist organization that same year.
Feminist Roseanne Barr called Sarsour's bluff, tweeting: “woman who helped organize th #WomensMarchOnWashington supports killing every Jew in th Middle East & th subjugation of all women #WAKEUP.”
Most Muslims also oppose abortion after 20 weeks. Yet there Sarsour stood before a cheering throng, pronouncing herself a “proud Muslim woman,” an adherent to a religion more incompatible with broadminded liberalism than any in the world.
The Women's March Did Nothing For Actual Women
In the ultimate ironic twist, billionaire George Soros was the March's pied piper. With ties to more than 50 partner groups, the same man who backed the violent Ferguson protests powered an event with similar vitriol. What remains of the March's façade of inclusivity and non-partisanship has started to crumble. Salon unsurprisingly tried to dismiss Soros' participation in a Glen Beck conspiracy theory. A little digging revealed it was Salon that had actually been duped.
Among those participating in the historic March were those whose lack of information on its actual agenda had profiteered the Left and its monolithic, make-no-concessions narrative. With enough pink and some language on social justice, the organizers had rightly predicted women adhering to a basic definition of “feminism”—the theory of equality of the sexes, regardless of their views on Sharia or the unborn—would clog the Metro stations with their signs.
These women have come to learn that their diverse and disordered march had been coordinated in large part by a capitalist pro-abort, an Islamic misogynist, and one very rich man.
Static firing success for Ariane 5 solid booster
The sixth firing test of Ariane 5's EAP booster was successfully conducted on the BEAP solid booster test stand at Guiana Space Centre—Europe's spaceport in Kourou—under the aegis of CNES's Launcher Directorate and as part of the European Space Agency's Launchers Exploitation Accompaniment Programme (LEAP).
The main purpose of the test — the first since 2012 — was to maintain the qualification status of Ariane 5's EAP solid booster and ensure ongoing reliability of the Ariane 5 launcher.
It is part of ESA's Launchers Exploitation Accompaniment Programme (LEAP), formerly known as the Ariane Research and Technology Accompaniment programme (ARTA), whose overarching objective is to test specimen articles manufactured for use on the Ariane 5 launcher.
Thanks to its high level of instrumentation, the test should help in the understanding and resolution of deviations and anomalies, the validation of behaviour models, the anticipation of obsolescence and the evaluation of certain new technologies.
The innovations tested on this version include new carbon fibres used in the manufacture of certain motor parts, new types of grease to replace boric acid as per environmental regulations, and the use of stainless steel in place of hexavalent chromium, again in accordance with environmental regulations. A second supply source of the aluminium powder used to make the motor's propellant and created to ensure its production, also underwent qualification testing.
The test campaign began on 27th July and will end mid-October.
Towson University is currently celebrating its 150th year as an educational institution. You would be hard pressed to find another University employee from the last 20 years that is more beloved, more respected, and more valuable to the institution, than Towson's resident University Photographer, Kanji Takeno.
Kanji Takeno has been the resident University Photographer at Towson since 1996, and over the course of his tenure he has touched the lives of thousands of students, faculty, staff, and friends of the University. He has evolved into a local legend. The University often uses the hashtag #WhereIsKanji on social media, and students feel a sense of accomplishment if they are able to sneak in a snapshot of the man that resembles the energizer bunny as he glides across campus from appointment to appointment.
He has not only captured key moments in Towson's history, but also the minds of hundreds of students as an adjunct Japanese Language Lecturer – with his two course sections filling to capacity within minutes of opening. Kanji also personally plans and leads culturally rich and insightful study abroad trips to his home island in Japan.
Students don't just want pictures taken by Kanji but rather pictures taken with Kanji.
(Picture posted on Facebook by Kanji Takeno)
I am immensely fortunate to call Kanji a friend, and his office is one of the first I try to visit when I make my way back to my Alma Mater. Although difficult to pare down to just a few, I wanted to pass on some of the key professional lessons I have learned in my time knowing him.
Inspiring people with your craft goes beyond being good at it – it requires your passion.
Without hesitation, Kanji will tell you his favorite part of his job is working on Graduation day (at Towson we have six individual graduation ceremonies spread across three consecutive days). The students overjoyed with their accomplishment; proud families holding back tears; the laughter and cheering – it's always his favorite event.
Sure there are other qualified photographers who can snap a well framed, well angled photo – but I will bet money that no one would hold each of the thousands of shots Kanji takes over those three days with as much gravity, as much passion, and as much intent as him.
This is just one of hundreds of shout outs Kanji will receive on Facebook every year.
(Picture taken from Kanji's tagged pictures on Facebook- posted by Kiki Oosterwijk‎)
Kanji doesn't just see the 12-14 hour days on his feet, where he has to maneuver, squat and get inadvertently squished between thousands of people - all in 90 degree heat. He fully understands that he is capturing what is for most young people the most triumphant moment in their lives up to that point. Poll any recent Towson graduate and I bet they will say that having their picture taken by Kanji in their cap and gown with their family was a rite of passage – it makes the day all the more special.
Because of his passion, his photos don't just show people smiling, they reflect the joy they are feeling in that moment.
The temporary fear that accompanies taking risks dwarfs in comparison to the reward.
I know of at least five separate instances of Kanji chartering a plane or helicopter to capture a gorgeous aerial shot of Towson's ever-changing campus. He will often post a picture of himself with the safety belt on leaning out the window; but the impressive part is that Kanji has a fear of heights!
When asked why he doesn't contract another photographer to do the shots that are several thousand feet in the air, his reply will always be something to the extent of “because I know our campus, and our students, and how best to capture them”. Kanji knows that he is the one who needs to capture the campus we all love; that he is the only one who can provide the care that it needs, and he won't let 60-90 minutes of being uncomfortable to get in the way of that.
Kanji doesn't necessarily enjoy the places his job can sometimes take him...
... but he knows the results that will come from them.
(Previous two pictures posted on Facebook by Kanji Takeno)
Only a fraction of your value comes from your skill set, the rest comes from how you treat people.
Although they are of high professional quality – Kanji isn't beloved because of his pictures. He is beloved because of the manner in which he carries himself when he comes into work, and in his interactions with the hundreds of paths he crosses every single day. If there is anything Kanji feels as strongly about as he does making the students feel happy, it's how much he dislikes being put in the spotlight, even when he deserves it.
The authentic humility he shows, even towards his local celebrity status, solidifies this even more. I can tell you that although he may appreciate this post, he won't see it as necessary; he gets to do a job that he loves, surrounded by people that love him – and that makes coming into work, even on long days, worth it.
Even when accepting Towson's second ever Presidential Distinguished Staff Service Award, Kanji can't but help do what he does best – make everyone around him smile.
(Picture posted on Facebook by Kanji Takeno)
If any of us reading this post can be as half as impactful as Kanji has been on Towson University, then what a great career we have to look forward to.
Now move a little to the right, and drop your chin down just an inch… big smile now… and in the Towson-famous words of Kanji… 3..2..1!
(Previous two pictures provided by me)
---
Matt Sikorski is a Talent and Organizational Development Associate at Total Wine & More. He regularly posts his ideas about many of the ‘fluff' topics often seen surrounding business and HR publications today, but with a more pragmatic and tactical approach. If even a few people find some useful tidbits in his posts, he is one happy camper!
Previous 3 Posts:
I don't have my work e-mail synced to my phone, and neither should you.
The C-Suite may own the car, but the Administrative Assistants are the ones driving.
If you quit today, would your boss fight for you? 4 ways to ensure your manager is in your corner.
We will need ABD, so we must have a computer.
Code: adb devices
Code: adb -d shell pm grant com.uzumapps.wakelockdetector.noroot android.permission.BATTERY_STATS
Hello guys! It has been a long time since I have been trying to sort out my drain issues on my S6 Edge+ , a couple of days ago I finally figured out to use Wakelock Detector without root then it comes out that it was actually the maps keeping the phone awake via "NLPWakelock" through Android OS. I will cover out the process step by step to found out which app is causing the drain and why!1)First we are gonna need the app; "Wakelock Detector [Lite]" root users may use normal version too.Play store link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/d...r.noroot&hl=tr 2) We should open USB Debugging option in developer settings. And connect our phone to computer via USB.3) To check if we have adb installed, you can simply run command promt ( windows/run/cmd ) and writeIf the output is similar to the image below, it means you have ADB installed and if you have device entry you have your ADB device drivers installed too.4) Once you make sure you have your device entry after writing " adb devices" , we gonna need to write this command to give Wakelock Detector battery history permissions:At this point we may see a popup dialog on our phone like this:You need to allow it and preferably you can check always allow option.5) That's it guys. Now we have Wakelock detector working!Most of the important drains caused by CPU wakelocks and Kernel Wakelocks. With or without root, the things we can do to kernel wakelocks are limited, afaik. So lets come to CPU Wakelocks. What you should do is use your phone regularly a couple hours after you gave permissions to the app and run it. Then you will see which apps , and which wakelocks they have called both individually. After that you can pinpoint the issue with a Google search! Hope it helps you guys. I fixed my drain, I was getting 3hours of SOT before now I have more than 4-4.5 hours through my daily usage.Notes:Please feel free to ask any questions or unclear points. Hope your phones deeper sleeps!
The problems with person first language have been talked about extensively in the autistic community. Many autistic people have expressed a strong, explicit preference for identity first language. And yet, we're still treated to comments like this one (paraphrased from a comment on another blog):
I work with children with autism and I always say child with autism because they're children first and autism doesn't define them. Also, I say typically developing child instead of normal, because normal has negative connotations. Words are important–they reflect how you think.
My first reaction to reading that type of comment is always, “aren't the typically developing children also children first?”
Or do we just not need to be reminded that they're children?
If you don't use normal because it has negative connotations, does the same logic apply to the use of autistic? Or does autistic exist in some special category of word that's not bad but also unspeakable?
I fail to see why it's okay to use the identity first descriptor “typically developing child” but not the identity first “autistic child.” Why do we constantly need to be reminded that the autistic kids are people? Is it so easy to forget? I would hope that no matter what label I use to refer to myself it is would obvious that I'm a person.
Anyone who needs to constantly remind themselves that disabled people are people should probably spend more time examining their own beliefs and less time telling other people how to speak about themselves or their children.
Using person first language to refer to autistic children and identity first language to refer to typically developing children isn't inclusive. It's othering and unnecessary.
Person first language arose because disabled people were being referred to by demeaning and pejorative terms that had an identity first construction. In some communities, where a preferred identity first term hasn't arisen, person first is still the preferred construction.
Autistic people, however, have repeatedly expressed a preference for identity first language. For some reason, nonautistic people who think they know better continue to ignore our (loudly and oft-stated) preference. To those people I say, “If you truly believe we're people, first or otherwise, then listen to what we're saying and respect our preference.”
Autistic is not a dirty word. When you act like it is, you aren't helping autistic people. You're contributing the very stigma that you pretend to abhor.
———–
One of my wonderful readers brought this post to the attention of the folks at the Yeah Write Writer's Challenge it was made an Editor's Pick. I even got some swag. 🙂
CNN's Jeff Zeleny said Tuesday afternoon that the Democratic party has "no leader" and is in "complete disrepair and disarray."
The perspective from the network's senior White House correspondent came during a panel segment on possible Democratic candidates in the 2020 presidential election on CNN's "Inside Politics."
"The list of names that you read off is incredibly interesting. We're not going to know for sure until after the midterm elections," Zeleny told fill-in host Dana Bash. "That's when things sort of start to see who's the most popular campaigning this fall."
ADVERTISEMENT
Zeleny sees Sen. Kamala Harris (D-Calif) as a possible fresh face for the party and compared the freshman senator's current position to President Obama's in 2005 before he captured the presidency three years later.
"But Senator Kamala Harris is fascinating to me," he said. "Because she arrives in Washington, at the exact same time Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE arrived in Washington, 2005 for him, 2017 for her, in terms of first year of a new Republican administration.
"So I think that the party generally looks to someone new, not someone old," Zeleny said, in what appeared to be a reference to Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's 2016 campaign.
"We'll see if that's true this time, but it's a huge problem for Democrats. There is no bench for the party. So they can be laughing all they want about these poll numbers for Donald Trump, but the reality is, Democrats are in complete disrepair and disarray in their own party. There's no leader," he concluded.
Harris, 52, is a former attorney and served as California attorney general before being elected as the state's junior senator in 2016.
Sens. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.), Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt), Cory Booker (D-N.J.) and Amy Klobuchar Amy Jean KlobucharMore than 60 former staffers defend Klobuchar as ‘a mentor and a friend' Warren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if he ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' MORE (D-Minn.) are among at least 10 other possible candidates speculated to be challenging President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE in 2020.
US Customs: Sketching an SUV makes you a copyright infringer
Vidiot sez, "A woman stopped by U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at the border, over a drawing of an SUV in her notebook. They thought the artist and college professor was an industrial spy and copyright infringer."
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers told Zempel they suspected her of copyright infringement. She was released after more than an hour in custody at the Houlton, Maine, port of entry from New Brunswick, Canada. Her release came only after she persuaded border guards she was an artist doing a project that involved a crocheted SUV as a statement against America's dependence on oil and love for big vehicles.
And these are the rocket-scientists we want to give clones of our hard-drives to? As Cardinal Richelieu said, "If you give me six lines written by the most honest man, I will find something in them to hang him."
Keene artist had hard time getting back into US
(Thanks, Vidiot)
“Saturday Night Live” alum Colin Quinn will join fellow comedian and Amy Schumer in Judd Apatow‘s next Universal Pictures comedy “Trainwreck,” TheWrap has learned.
Quinn and Schumer have both appeared in recent episodes of HBO's “Girls,” which is executive produced by Apatow.
Brie Larson and Bill Hader are in negotiations to co-star in “Trainwreck,” which pulls into theaters on July 24, 2015.
Also read: Colin Quinn Replaces W. Kamau Bell as Host of 66th Annual Writers Guild Awards East
Universal optioned the rights to the project from Schumer in August 2013, and since then, she has been developing the script with Apatow, who is also producing through his Universal-based Apatow Productions.
Universal executive Erik Baiers will oversee the project for the studio, which has been keeping plot details under wraps.
Also read: Colin Quinn Heading to Broadway, with Jerry Seinfeld
Quinn, who famously hosted “Weekend Update” on “Saturday Night Live” for many years, recently co-starred in Sony's hit comedy “Grown Ups” and its sequel. His new off-Broadway show “Colin Quinn Unconstitutional” is currently touring across the U.S.
Quinn is represented by Brillstein Entertainment Partners and Grubman Indursky Shire, while Schumer and Apatow are represented by UTA and manager Jimmy Miller of Mosaic.
Foxhole atheists are taking notice of the rapid changes made at Travis Air Force Base nativity scene, spearheaded by Staff Sergeant Dan Rawlings.
Fort Campbell needs to rapidly respond to the atheists that want to put up a holiday display there. Early reports are stating that this was put up today.
This is an absolutely inappropriate place. This is nowhere near a chapel, which is still inappropriate if they refuse to support an atheist group. Travis AFB officials blocked the efforts of the atheist groups initially. But once the press, media, and frankly the internet atheist community rallied – they quickly changed their mind.
It reads like “Welcome to Fort Campbell, where you better love Jesus…”
I just spoke with Chaplain Latrell, the on-call Chaplain. Admittedly, he is too far down on the totem pole to make these decisions. But he didn't stop himself from letting me know how he felt about atheists.
He stated that “This sign simply says Merry Christmas… why do you want to stop people from saying happy holidays?” (Obviously missing the point about equal representation, and being religiously neutral.)
I demanded that an atheist sign be put up nearby (to be donated by American Atheists). The sign would say “Have a safe holiday season – from the atheists at Fort Campbell”
Chaplain Latrell responded very negatively. He made rude jokes. Such as,
“You guys want a blank sign in my office?”
He also repeatedly exposed the intent of having a token Menorah near the nativity scene. It is simply an excuse to put up their Christian artifacts, in a legally ‘cover your ass' way.
“You're attacking Christians…”(I asked him how “Have a safe holiday” attacked Christians.) “This is a holiday for Christians. Why don't you guys come up with your own holiday?” (I replied that every day is an important day to an atheist.)
But their strategy doesn't cover their ass if they aren't *truly* willing to put up a display from all points of view.
The dust is still settling, and calls are being made behind the scenes. I'll update you as the story develops.
Jason Torpy, at the Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers (MAAF) is responsible for getting the first of these atheists in contact with me. They had seen the American Atheists efforts to get a sign up at Travis Air Force Base, and wanted to pounce locally.
Torpy responded to the situation, “Atheists and humanists service members can't be full and equal members of the Fort Campbell team when the post has an official Christian Nativity Scene and Menorah.”
Mikey Weinstein at Military Religious Freedom Foundation (MRFF), was the first to champion the Travis Air Force Base situation. He is 100% supportive of the idea that we take the same successful strategy to Fort Campbell.
All of us would like to offer Fort Campbell a chance to get ahead of this story. They need to either remove the display, or at the very least let all the other points of view have an equal level of support.
If officials at Fort Campbell return my phone calls with a positive message and rapid plan in place, a crisis may be averted. The atheists at Fort Campbell would likely be willing to drop the Equal Opportunity objections that officials like Chaplain Latrell, and the garrison itself are racking up.
No military lawyer worth his salt would possibly recommend that the Fort Campbell commanders continue to pursue this. The cat is out of the bag, and it's time to clean house. Tomorrow morning is their first real chance to correct the situation. More to come.
Posted 15 September 2015 - 02:29 PM
Jonty Roodnick, I was informed you were responsible for the Mauler making it in with a full array of 2k texture files. You sir are a saint.
Basically re-hashing on Iqfish.- Texture Normalization: Right now the Mech texture files haphazard jump around all over the place. The few mechs which feature a .RGB/.SPC/.DIF texture pack of 2k/2k/2k are hands down the nicest looking mechs in the game. When can we expect all of the mechs to be Normalized to 2k? It is something I have been championing for a while. http://mwomercs.com/...esponse-within/ - Way way back when Karl Berg was on board he teased us by saying the Art team had 4k+ resolution files laying around for the texture work, would it be possible to create an option high resolution package for the high-end user base?- Not a question, but my thanks go to
Edited by Lordred, 15 September 2015 - 02:30 PM.
No sooner had the new 1989 Fair Employment Act, compelling employers in Northern Ireland to ensure equal opportunity for all, been passed into law than the British government was faced with a damning report on employment practices at Queen's University Belfast.
The report by the Fair Employment Agency was the subject of a letter from R J Minnis of the Stormont Department of Economic Development to British minister Richard Needham on December 22nd, 1989.
Official papers
The letter, which is included in official papers released in Belfast today, pointed out that Catholics comprised 50.5 per cent of the Queen's student population in the late 1980s, compared with only 19 per cent in the 1950s.
The agency's report on the university, which employed 3,000 staff, showed 79 per cent of the Northern Ireland-born employees were Protestant and 21 per cent Catholic.
Catholics comprised 14 per cent of staff in the faculties of economic and social science, and 20 per cent in medicine, engineering and science. Among technical staff, the breakdown was 79 per cent Protestant and 21 per cent Catholic. Catholics comprised 19 per cent of clerical staff, 3 per cent of maintenance staff and 11 per cent of administrative staff.
Belfast Telegraph
The agency investigation reviewed the university's recruitment and selection procedures and highlighted its policy of using only the Belfast Telegraph to advertise vacancies and of filling clerical appointments by direct approaches to schools rather than by public competition.
Mr Minnis warned Mr Needham: “Critics have quickly seized on these statistical results as evidence of substantial discrimination against Catholics at all levels and are little impressed by the corrective measures taken [by Queen's] over the last three years.”
He said this had been well illustrated in an Irish News editorial of December 20nd, 1989, headed: “A Sad Tale of Bigotry.”
The following excerpts are from this week's line-up of interviews provided in full to FS Insiders. CLICK HERE to become a subscriber.
Is central banking and our modern monetary system one giant confidence game? Former St. Louis Fed President William Poole says yes. Also, is the U.S. really experiencing a housing recovery? Brian Pretti of Contrary Investor offers his thoughts. Lastly, agricultural expert Ned Schmidt says in four or five years beef will probably be considered a luxury item, with the average American no longer able to afford it.
Former St. Louis Fed President William Poole:
Central banking is a confidence game. Fiat money is a confidence game. People have to have confidence that money retains its value and that's always true now and everywhere across the world—it's what makes people willing to use and hold paper money...If you don't have confidence in the institutions of society, then lots of things can fall apart. So, central banking is not unique in that respect. We have to have confidence in our court system that judges are honest, that they will make decisions on the basis of the law and the facts and are not subject to bribes and so forth. The Federal Reserve is not in any way in a different situation. We need to have confidence in our central bank...(click here for more)
Brian Pretti on why the housing recovery isn't what it appears:
I know that we're having a “housing recovery” right now but, in one sense, we're having a housing recovery in price. If we really look at the housing metrics of new home sales, of starts, and even mortgage purchase applications, we're seeing some of the most subdued activity that we've seen in decades. What I don't hear, sort of as a mainstream comment, is, “Oh, by the way, new housing sales have recovered—to about a five decade low,” which is more consistent with recessions that not. So, personally, I think what we're really seeing on the housing side is an investment cycle. It's all the folks who could not get a rate of return in safe assets like CD's, Treasuries, or corporate bonds…that capital is being transplanted into the real estate market where the rate of return is maybe 5, 6, 7, or 8 percent…(click here for more)
Ag expert Ned Schmidt on beef shortages:
Ned: We've still got beef shortages—a beef shortage globally…We will start to rebuild the herd in the United States this year. But we're not looking at any relief on beef prices ‘til 2015, and beef prices are at record highs at the grocery store right now…if I were to look out four or five years, beef will not be on the dinner table of the average person anymore. They just won't be able to afford it. Now that makes a company called JBS out of Brazil very interesting—it's the largest animal protein company in the world. While it's based in Brazil, 75% of its business is in the U.S. Jim: So you're saying that the price of beef five years from now is going to be so expensive it starts getting eliminated from the American diet. Ned: Yeah. It will be…calves don't come out of a factory. They come out of a cow after about 9 months. You don't turn that on a dime. If you listen to the USDA, the cattle breeders and the feed lots aren't convinced yet—they're still scared. They've been burned so bad that they're just not going to rush into it. And a lot of the calves come off pasture ground. Texas has not recovered from the drought fully. West Texas is still in a drought. And even if it's not in a drought, it takes years—a couple of years—to rebuild pasture where it can sustain a growth in the herd...(click here for more)
Greg Ip on how the U.S. appears compared to the rest of the world:
You heard a lot of “declinism” in the years right after the crisis when countries like China and Brazil and India seemed to be riding it out really well...You hear a lot less of that recently. Not only have some of these countries that did so well four or five years ago slowed down a lot, namely Brazil and India, but we have shown an ability to overcome our problems...We still have some serious underlying problems with the economy. There's far too many people that have dropped out of the workforce in the last few years, the population is growing too slowly, the education system is not up to scratch, unemployment is coming down too slowly—these are all things that we as a country need to deal with but relative to some of the other problems that other countries are dealing with, including in Europe and so forth and in China, I don't think the United States looks too shabby at all...(click here for more)
To gain full access to all our premium interviews and content, please CLICK HERE to subscribe. In addition to hearing from money managers, institutional investors, and other experts regularly interviewed for FS Insiders, you'll also gain access to our entire archive of past interviews with noted heavy-weights like Kyle Bass, David Rosenberg, Gary Shilling, Marc Faber, and more.
The most senior member of staff at a Sydney council spent more than $400,000 a year on corporate credit cards, received twice monthly payments for no known work and once had his $70,000 annual super "top-up" hand-delivered in cash, a corruption inquiry has been told.
The allegations against Botany Bay Council's former general manager, Peter Fitzgerald, count among a series aired during an extraordinary 30 minutes of testimony before the Independent Commission Against Corruption late on Friday.
Council's former chief financial officer, Gary Goodman, the inquiry's principal person of interest in the alleged theft of more than $4.2 million in council funds using fake invoices since 2009, began his long-awaited evidence an hour after the ICAC hearing was scheduled to finish sitting for the week.
He agreed decisions by senior staff at the council went unquestioned for two decades.
Security precautions were extraordinary for tennis — SWAT teams on the hotel roof and motorcades that never stopped at red lights — and the fear of attack felt real enough that the United States coach, Dennis Ralston, sidelined Harold Solomon in part because he was Jewish. It was one more challenge heaped on the team facing a contest on red clay, a slow and less familiar surface to the Americans and their lone star, Stan Smith.
Even before the Munich attack, Ralston said he had been warned not to take the team to Romania by Neale Fraser, the coach of Australia's Davis Cup team, which played in Bucharest in the summer of 1972. Fraser told Ralston that his match had been stolen by partisan line calls and cheating.
“You can't win because they won't let you,” Ralston recalled Fraser telling him. “You have no idea what you're getting into.”
But much bigger forces were propelling the United States toward Bucharest. In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Romania and the United States had a cautious alliance that was crucial during the cold war. The United States saw Romania, and its leader, Nicolae Ceausescu, as a wedge to split the Soviet bloc. Ceausescu had shown himself independent of the Soviet Union by refusing to join other Eastern bloc countries in severing diplomatic ties with Israel after the Six-Day War in 1967. A year later, he did not support the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia. The United States and Western European countries gave Romania large loans and trading privileges, allowing it to join GATT in 1971 and the I.M.F. a year later, the first Eastern European country to do so.
Another benefit was that Ceausescu had relations with the Chinese government and was perceived as one conduit, along with Pakistan, for Nixon to quietly forge what would become the signature legacy of his foreign policy. One of Nixon's early foreign policy trips was to Romania.
On Friday, retailer Target informed Hampton Creek—makers of popular vegan condiment Just Mayo—that it would end its contract with the food technology company. On June 22, Target inexplicably removed all of the company's 20 products from retail and online outlets after receiving a fraudulent letter that claimed, among other falsehoods, that Hampton Creek products could be contaminated with listeria and/or salmonella. At least one other retailer of Hampton Creek products received a similar letter, and, instead of removing products from shelves, contacted Hampton Creek directly to settle the issue. Last week, Hampton Creek announced that the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had cleared the company's products of any potential health threats and revealed that its retail team had begun negotiations to be reinstated at Target. “To our surprise, Target informed us that sharing with the public the FDA's conclusion that our products are safe somehow violated Target's vendor communication guidelines,” Hampton Creek CEO Josh Tetrick said in a statement, wherein he also mentioned that the company's vegan cookie dough was the best-seller (outselling similiarly positioned brands that contain animal products) at one major retailer prior to Target pulling its products. Tetrick told VegNews that the company will not pursue further action to reinstate its products at Target and that Hampton Creek will move forward in its pursuit to replace animal agriculture with plant-based foods, adding that the loss of Target's distribution points will not pose a substantial financial threat to the company. Hampton Creek will soon debut its newest vegan product Just Scramble (the main mung bean-based ingredient of which, nicknamed “Jack,” received a Generally Regarded as Safe (GRAS) approval from the FDA earlier this month) and plans to move into the cultured meat industry with the debut of its first product by the end of 2018.
Want more of today's best plant-based news, recipes, and lifestyle?
Get our award-winning magazine! Subscribe
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Roberto Martinez believes Everton can still land their summer transfer targets despite not being in Europe.
The Blues' hopes of securing European football for a second successive season quickly faded after a desperately poor run that saw them win just two of 16 league games.
Three consecutive victories have since helped move Everton up the table, easing concerns that Martinez's side would get dragged into a relegation fight.
Everton are now targeting a top half finish, but will still be far off the pace in the battle for European qualification.
Martinez, however, does not see that being a problem as he looks to add “fresh blood” to the squad this summer.
“As a football club now we are representing a lot more than what we have done in the last 10 months,” Martinez said.
“There is a bigger picture than that, there is a real understanding of the way we want to play, how special we are as a football club and there are a lot of players who have shown their desire to be part of our football club.
“So I don't think we are relying on what we've done in the last 10 months in order to attract players. I don't think that's the case at all. I do feel that the biggest strength is what we have in the dressing room. We have two groups: one with a real good experience and understanding and another with great talent and bravery.
“We need to bring, as you always do in each window, a couple of new faces and fresh blood but I think the important core is already here.”
READ: Who should Everton keep or sell this summer?
Martinez does, however, feel the experience of competing in the Europa League this season, where the Blues reached the last 16, has helped him have a clearer picture of the type of player he wants to bring in from the continent.
“The experiences we had playing in different countries allows you to see the specifics of those leagues and it gives you a lot of information and knowing those sorts of players what they have been through,” the Everton manager said.
“It really helps to see us playing against those teams. It gives you a clear indication of how they can perform.”
Martinez, who takes his side to Swansea City on Saturday, went on to say: “The next seven games are going to give us a lot of information and why it is an important period for us.
“People from the outside will see Everton and say we are going through the motions, but that is not the case.
“The reality is that the young players this season have been on an incredible learning curve and those experiences are going to help us a lot in going forward.”
SURVEY: A SOBER OUTLOOK SURVEY: A SOBER OUTLOOK American adults surveyed take a dim view of the USA's status as a world science leader. 70% believe the USA is not now the world leader in science achievement. 35% believe the USA will be the world science leader in the next 20 years. 79% agree that science is not receiving the attention it deserves in schools. Source: A telephone survey of 1,304 adults by Harris Interactive on behalf of the Chicago Museum of Science and Industry YOU CLICKED: WEEK'S MOST POPULAR EDUCATION STORIES YOU CLICKED: WEEK'S MOST POPULAR EDUCATION STORIES 1: Obama pledges schools upgrade in stimulus plan 2: New scholarships aid students committed to service 3: Year of bad reports, worse budgets for K-12 schools 4: Pell Grant creator dead at 90 5: Public university athletes score far below classmates on SATs 6: College acceptance rates: How many get in? No. 7-10: Princeton vs. donors, PT profs For decades, educators and employers have worried that too few Americans are preparing for careers in science. But there's evidence to support a new, broader concern in this election year: Ordinary Americans may not know enough about science to make informed decisions on key questions. Seventy-six percent of Americans say presidential candidates should make improving science education a national priority, according to a national Harris Interactive survey of 1,304 adults in November and December. Results were released this spring. TEST YOURSELF: Take a true/false science quiz But only 26% believe that they themselves have a good understanding of science. And 44% couldn't identify a single scientist, living or dead, whom they'd consider a role model for the nation's young people. These results are disturbing, science education experts say, because scientists aren't the only ones who must distinguish solid scientific methods from bogus ones. Some important scientific questions are being debated this year, including food safety, imported-product safety and the effect of biofuels. Finding trustworthy sources Whether a person is planning a child's diet or staking out a position on global warming, insights from science are indispensable, experts say, but only if someone knows which findings to trust. "People will respond to demagoguery if they don't believe they have sufficient knowledge and sufficient confidence in their ability to weigh arguments and assess what's behind them," says Walter Massey, a board member of Chicago's Museum of Science and Industry, which commissioned the survey. "The danger is that we move increasingly toward being a society where the most important decisions are ultimately made by fewer and fewer people." Even figuring out which organizations to trust for guidance requires some basic knowledge of what constitutes good research methodology, Massey says. Non-scientists can use Internet resources to get a handle on technical subjects as long as they exercise "healthy skepticism," says Donald Kennedy, former editor-in-chief of Science. His tip: Consider credentials. Research that has an economic stake in particular outcomes isn't as trustworthy as research that is independent and published in peer-reviewed journals. Such journals, in which studies submitted for publication are judged by an independent panel of experts, include Science, Nature and the New England Journal of Medicine. Good places to start researching technical subjects are websites of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences (aaas.org) and the National Academy of Sciences (nasonline.org), Kennedy says. Working with science-based knowledge "is a game that can be played by anybody with a serious interest in discovery," he says. Americans are making progress on the science front, says Jon Miller, a Michigan State University political scientist who has been studying scientific literacy for 20 years. For example, in the late 1980s, most Americans believed that antibiotics killed both viruses and bacteria. Now, Miller says, about 60% know that antibiotics kill only bacteria, not viruses. "It's a kind of learning that occurs through interaction with health care professionals," Miller says. Experts contend that people need some health-related science knowledge for their own well-being. For instance, should you be more worried about germs on your kitchen table than about your smoking habit? No, but you would need a bit of science to recognize that smoking presents the bigger health risk, says Michael Jacobson, executive director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest, a health advocacy group. More rigor needed Other day-to-day questions require a measure of science acumen: Which chemicals should be avoided? Of the cure-all-type products sold only via television and the Internet, which ones should you buy, if any? Informed scientific opinion and an ability to identify weak evidence go a long way in making such judgments, Miller says. Some science educators worry that Americans still aren't rigorous enough in deciding which sources to trust. "We have in this country a major crisis of people listening to people they feel comfortable with (rather than) listening to a variety of groups and critically thinking through their messages," says Gerry Wheeler, executive director of the National Science Teachers Association. Scientific knowledge isn't a silver bullet for building an informed citizenry. In public-policy decisions, technical insight matters only up to a point, Kennedy says. He notes that nuclear waste controversies hinge on how much risk a community is willing to tolerate, which is not a matter decided by science. Likewise, debates on the use of embryonic stem cells in scientific research routinely boil down to moral beliefs about when life begins. "Public policy is for everybody (to make) — it's not just a science game," Kennedy says. "But you have to be able to weed out the scientific arguments that aren't right." Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
A couple months ago at Ultra Music Festival, one of my friends was carrying an inflatable penguin that he held above his head so that we can always find the group in the crowds of the festival. This gave me the idea to make a compact yet noticeable beacon. Using an old TV antenna and a ping pong ball, I created a light-up color changing beacon. This is what it looks like:
Here it is in action:
This showcases how the button is used to change the flashing speed as well as cycle through individual colors:
Here it is in use at a music festival! More info, check out my field testing post:
The code, circuit diagram, and PCB layout are available here:
https://github.com/jerwil/ping_pong_light
How I Made It
To start off, I programmed the ATtiny and got the circuit working on a breadboard, and then I designed the PCB using Fritzing. I knew that I was going to use a pong pong ball, so I matched the PCB to the ball's diameter at 40mm.
I then printed out the PCB diagram onto photo paper using a laser printer and transferred the image using a clothes iron.
I then placed the board into a bath of Ferric Chloride for about an hour.
After cleaning off the toner, a pretty good etching job is revealed. I printed two on one board since I had the room in case of any problems with one of them.
I am pretty inexperienced with the Dremel, so I was pleased to find it wasn't too difficult to cut the outline of the board.
I then cut a ping pong ball in half with the Dremel. It fits the board nicely.
I then drilled the necessary holes and soldered on the parts. I wanted the button and battery to be accessible, but the LED to be on the opposite side. Here is the board:
This was a fun 12 hour project split over 2 days. One day for coding and design, and the second for etching and fabrication.
Jacqueline Veissid/Lifesize via Getty Images
Sure, kissing feels good. But it's also an evolutionary advantage. Now a new book explains the science behind passionate lip-locks, and what they tell us about how men and women approach romantic relationships.
The precise origins of kissing are unknown. But some scientists hypothesize that the practice evolved from feeding rituals between animal mothers and their young, wherein mothers would chew and break down food before passing it directly to their offspring by mouth. Out of that gesture grew a universal sign of love and affection.
In the new book The Science of Kissing: What Our Lips Are Telling Us, author Sheril Kirshenbaum cites the work of Rutgers University anthropologist Helen Fisher, who says kissing evolved to fulfill three essential needs: sex drive, romantic love and attachment. Romantic kissing is a part of more than 90% of human cultures, and its role, as Kirshenbaum puts it, is to help us “find partners, commit to one person and keep couples together long enough to have a child.” (More on Time.com: Why Women Are Attracted to Guys Who Play Hard to Get)
How? The cascade of biological reactions during a passionate kiss plays a role. Research shows that kissing boosts levels of neurotransmitters like dopamine (which is involved in craving and desire) and serotonin (which elevates mood and can help spark obsessive thoughts about a partner). It also causes a jump in oxytocin, the so-called “love hormone,” whose release during orgasm triggers attachment between couples; high levels of it in new parenthood also foster lifelong attachment between mother and child.
“What I found so fascinating is that the chemicals in our bodies are responsible for the so-called symptoms we associate with falling in love,” Kirshenbaum says. “I don't think it takes the romance out of the equation, but it gives us a better scientific understanding of how our bodies are behaving.”
Of course, sometimes a kiss doesn't go well, which turns people off to one other upon first contact. Pointing to research by evolutionary psychologist Gordon Gallup of the University of Albany, Kirshenbaum writes on the University of Texas website:
Fifty-nine percent of men and 66 percent of women say they have ended a budding relationship because of a bad kiss. It turns out that our sense of smell may be partially responsible as we pick up subconscious clues about the other person's DNA or reproductive status. Biologist Claus Wedekind found that women are most attracted to the scent of men who have a very different genetic code immune system than their own in a region known as the major histocompatibility complex. This may be because potential children would have a higher level of genetic diversity, making them healthier and more likely to survive.
Men also use kissing to weed out unsuitable mates — or, more often, to make themselves attractive to desirable ones. “Males tend to kiss as a means of gaining sexual favors, or as a means of affecting reconciliation,” says Gallup. “Females kiss more as a mate-assessment device.”
Indeed, in studies of smooching styles in men and women, Gallup found that men were more likely to initiate tongue contact, preferring French kissing to closed-mouth pecks. One theory behind that finding is that men have small amounts of testosterone in their saliva. “In saliva exchange — whether that's over weeks or months or even years — trace amounts of testosterone in male saliva could raise testosterone levels in the female and therefore increase her receptivity and her libido,” Gallup says. “In long-term relationships, the frequency of kissing is a good barometer of the health and well-being of that particular bond.” (More on Time.com: Does Men's ‘Bond' with Porn Ruin Them for Real-Life Sex?)
In longer, committed relationships, Gallup found, women also continued to use kissing — to evaluate the state of their partnership. They were also far more likely than men to insist on kissing before, during and after sex.
Those differences are in line with what we know more generally about men and women when it comes to sex and intimacy. “Women put a lot of weight into the act of kissing itself,” says Kirshenbaum. For them, it's “nature's ultimate litmus test”— a way to probe the potential of a future partner. And for men? Well, I think we all know what men want.
Font size adjustment: smaller larger Chapter 1: the passing
File type: Rich Text File (.rtf) [
-----------------------------------------
Could not open this filetype... : Rich Text File (.rtf) [ Download -----------------------------------------Could not open this filetype... ❮❮ Newer Download | Full View Older ❯❯ Submission © 2011 Dynavwryn Main Gallery
14 submissions
Chapter 1: the passing - by Dynavwryn Submission information:
Posted:
Category: Story
Theme: All
Favorites: 1
Comments: 2
Views: 161
Keywords:
wolf science fiction fantasy modernism dark romanticism gothic horror macabre disturbing depressing
let's start with a little backstory
back when i was big into the fandom, i was making a reference sheet (text) for my fursona. as i reached about the 8th page of details i decided to turn it into a story about how my fursona acquired those characteristics (like being able to transform between a wolf and a human form). so a 30 chapter adventure began!
this story is going to be roughly 30 chapters long with a mixture of different genres (science fiction, fantasy, horror, modernism). that mixture combined with my writing style ( a mix between dark romanticism, gothic horror, and the macabre), creates a stark reflection of my life and the things i have experienced blended into a world more sinister and horrifyingly disturbing then the one we live in today.
please enjoy the read and please leave feedback, it's very much appreciated ^_^
The team behind the innovative, luxury automobile brand Tesla has some ideas on how to improve the experience of being a car owner. As reported by Business Insider, Tesla announced that it is slowly rolling out a feature that will allow customers to buy lifetime insurance and maintenance for a car at the time of purchase.
Jon McNeill, Tesla's president of sales and services, explained the feature in a fourth-quarter earnings call on Wednesday. The company recently introduced the feature in Asia, seemingly with no formal announcement. But based on McNeill's public announcement of the company's plans to move forward with the feature on Wednesday, perhaps it has been a success already.
This announcement reinforces McNeill's faith in Tesla cars' safety, as the brand has received criticism for its self-driving cars being unsafe and unreliable. The forward-thinking brand has made headlines for pioneering self-driving cars, and it has made huge strides in their safety features. Last month the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration issued a report saying that "crash rates for Tesla vehicles have plummeted 40% since Autopilot was first installed."
"It takes into account not only the Autopilot safety features but also the maintenance cost of the car," McNeill said on the call. "It's our vision in the future we could offer a single price for the car, maintenance, and insurance."
CEO Elon Musk also spoke about the proposed insurance feature on the call. "If we find that the insurance providers are not matching the insurance proportionate to the risk of the car, then if we need to we will in-source it," he said. "But I think we'll find that insurance providers do adjust the insurance cost proportionate to the risk of a Tesla." Who knows, maybe Tesla's proposal will one day be the car insurance norm.
Part I is here, in case you hadn't read it yourself or been briefed by an outraged friend.
Few columns in Hotline history — either the original College Hotline or the revised Pac-12 Hotline — have generated as much furor as last week's suggestion that the Pac-12 should delicately manipulate the schedule to avoid placing its best teams in egregious situations.
The example cited was USC's road game in Pullman on Friday night, which followed a road game at Cal and capped a rugged September for the Trojans, who, unlike most teams, did not play a creampuff.
If you thought that was it for the topic of schedule manipulation … or if you loved casting me as a USC homer … my apologies for what you're about to read. Get Pac-12 Conference news in your inbox. Sign up for the Pac-12 Hotline newsletter.
We're taking the plunge once again, albeit with the conference's other division favorite and leading preseason playoff candidate: Washington.
The Huskies played Saturday and are on the road against a team coming off a bye (Arizona State).
That's always a disadvantage: Team X just played; Team Y has been waiting two weeks. Coaches don't complain publicly when put in that position, because they don't want players to hear excuses. But nobody likes it, especially in October and November, when injuries pile up.
The situation is unavoidable, however. The Pac-12 master schedule has enough complications and caveats that, inevitably, a few teams are handed the competitive disadvantage of playing a conference game against a team coming off a bye (when they don't have one themselves, of course).
Here's the issue as it pertains to Washington: The Huskies aren't facing the opponent-bye scenario once this season.
They aren't even facing it twice.
They've got it three times — one third of their conference games.
* They played Oregon State when the Beavers were coming off a bye.
* They play ASU this week with the Sun Devils off a bye.
* They play the Apple Cup, which could be for the division title, with Washington State coming off a bye.
We're not talking about the opponent playing on a Thursday or Friday and having eight/nine days to prep. We're talking about full byes, with 14 days to get ready for UW.
Yes, it happens, but not like this: The Huskies singlehandedly account for 30 percent of the opponent-bye scenarios in the Pac-12 this season.
There are 10 total instances, and they have three of them.
Stanford and Arizona have two each, while Colorado, Utah and UCLA each get it once.
(Note: We're limiting the discussion to conference games.)
That doesn't make much sense. Why would the conference overload one of its potential playoff contenders with a competitive disadvantage?
As noted in the USC column last week, I'm not suggesting the Pac-12 actively create easier schedules for the teams projected to contend for the title.
But subtle tweaking to avoid egregious situations for contenders seems like smart business when the end game is the College Football Playoff and Pac-12 teams are already at a disadvantage on so many fronts with the schedule. Related Articles My AP top-25 ballot: Clemson is No. 1; Washington State, Notre Dame climb; Wisconsin remains outside the top 10
Night game blame: Petersen and Herbstreit and Scott … oh, my!
Saturday Night Five: Lessons from Week Six (Tate breaks out; Oregon, Utah breakdown; November to remember in the North)
(As some UW fans undoubtedly are aware, USC also would have two weeks to prepare for the Pac-12 title game, making that the fourth instance of the opponent-bye disadvantage for UW this season.
(But let's also remember the Trojans play 12 consecutive weeks; they don't have a weekend off until after the final game of the regular season.)
There is one more point to consider: The Huskies have a competitive disadvantage with the opponent-bye scenario relative to other playoff contenders.
I examined the schedules for the AP preseason top 10 to determine how many times those teams were asked to play conference games against opponents coming off byes.
For the collective top 10, the opponent-bye scenario will happen seven times, and Washington accounts for three of the seven.
Yep, a disproportionate 43 percent of the instances are heaped on one team: The Huskies.
Here are the number of instances, in order of preseason ranking:
Alabama: 1
Ohio State: 0
Florida State: 1
USC: 0
Clemson: 0
Penn State: 1
Oklahoma: 0
Washington: 3
Wisconsin: 1
Oklahoma State: 0
Maybe that's purely a coincidence. or maybe other conferences are aware of the competitive disadvantage that comes with playing a team coming off a bye and avoid overloading their best teams with that issue.
SEC contenders don't play Friday night road games following Saturday road games. Nor do Big Ten contenders.
SEC contenders don't have multiple instances of the opponent-bye scenario. Nor do Big Ten contenders.
Can you imagine the Big Ten giving either Michigan or Ohio State a bye, but not the other, before their game?
The Pac-12 shouldn't engage in that practice, either.
I'm not suggesting the conference create softer-than-average schedules for its best teams. But why make it tougher-than-average? There's too much prestige and money at stake.
We're not done with this topic, by the way. Not at all. Check back in coming weeks. For more Pac-12 coverage
follow Pac-12 Hotline on Flipboard.
*** Send suggestions, comments and tips (confidentiality guaranteed) to pac12hotline@bayareanewsgroup.com
*** Follow me on Twitter: @WilnerHotline
*** Pac-12 Hotline is not endorsed or sponsored by the Pac-12 Conference, and the views expressed herein do not necessarily reflect the views of the Conference.
[digg-reddit-me] Now that the NYPD has handled the murder problem in New York City (2007 is on pace to have the lowest rate on record), they are turning to other issues.
The New York Times reports of a new police sting operation:
At first, an epidemic of absent-mindedness seemed to have broken out.
One purse was found just sitting on a display shelf in the shoe department at Macy's. Another one turned up downstairs, in Macy's Cellar. Yet another rested on a chair in a Midtown McDonald's, left by a woman who had stepped into the restroom. In fact, all three items had been planted by police officers in plainclothes during the previous six weeks. And the three people who picked them up were arrested, and now face indictment on charges that could land them in state prison.
Nine months ago, a similar police decoy program called Operation Lucky Bag was effectively shut down by prosecutors and judges who were concerned that it was sweeping up the civic-minded alongside those bent on larceny. Shopping bags, backpacks and purses were left around the subway system, then stealthily watched by undercover officers. They arrested anyone who took the items and walked past a police officer in uniform without reporting the discovery.
Now, a new version of the operation has started to catch people in public places outside the subways, and at much higher stakes, Criminal Court records show. Unlike the initial program, in which the props were worth at most a few hundred dollars, the bags are now salted with real American Express cards, issued under pseudonyms to the Police Department. Because the theft of a credit card is grand larceny, a Class E felony, those convicted could face sentences of up to four years. The charges in the first round of Operation Lucky Bag were nearly all petty larceny, a misdemeanor, with a maximum penalty of one year in jail.
Report says D.A.s must use prominent position and prosecutorial discretion to help change NYC's culture of dangerous driving
As elected officials with extensive prosecutorial discretion and a prominent position, New York City's district attorneys could establish a powerful deterrent against dangerous driving and change the culture on our streets. Unfortunately, the City's D.A.s rarely bring charges after collisions caused by reckless, negligent and careless behavior, according to Transportation Alternatives' new report Justice Denied: New York City's District Attorneys Plead Out of Vision Zero.
“The public's elected prosecutors are routinely dodging their responsibility to seek justice for traffic victims, which leaves tens of thousands without a day in court and allows dangerous driving to continue unabated,” said Paul Steely White, Executive Director of Transportation Alternatives. “In a city where lawless driving kills or injures more than 25,000 people every year, we can only reach Vision Zero if all of our district attorneys embrace their prosecutorial discretion in traffic violence cases and send a strong message that the City will no longer accept negligent and reckless behavior at the wheel.”
After consulting with all five D.A.s' offices over the course of six months, TransAlt researchers found that at least 10,000 motorists were prosecuted for driving while intoxicated in the past year, while fewer than 40 drivers were prosecuted for failing to yield to a pedestrian or bicyclist – even though failure to yield led to more than six times as many crashes as DWI. The City's new Right of Way Law (Section 19-190) was used in only 3% of the 1,157 cases where it could have been applied.
So far this year, about 4,000 New Yorkers have been killed or injured in hit-and-run crashes, but less than 1% of the drivers involved have been prosecuted. Only 50 of those cases have been investigated by the NYPD's Collision Investigation Squad (CIS) in 2015, leading to the arrest of 28 drivers -- with an unknown but smaller number ultimately charged with a crime. The report recommends that district attorneys should allow hit-and-run victims to report incidents directly to prosecutors' offices. D.A.s should also publicly push for additional resources to expand the CIS, and aggressively apply a City law allowing for civil fines against hit-and-run drivers.
The report found a significant disparity in how D.A.s view their role in adjudicating traffic crashes. In Brooklyn, there are promising efforts to treat victims with fairness through institutional commitments to Vision Zero like D.A. Ken Thompson's Driver Accountability Task Force. In Manhattan, D.A. Cyrus Vance secured a homicide conviction against the driver who killed Jean Chambers, a rare type of conviction given the absence of key aggravating factors.
By contrast, in Staten Island, where the number of pedestrian fatalities has remained unchanged for 30 years, there has been little recognition that New Yorkers killed and injured by careless drivers are the purview of the D.A.'s office at all.
Key Findings
District attorneys are bringing homicide charges against less than 7% of drivers who cause fatal crashes in New York City. In less than 2% of such crashes did D.A.s bring charges against drivers who were not intoxicated, fleeing the police or intentionally attacking the victim.
In the past year, at least 10,000 drivers were prosecuted for drunk driving, even though alcohol was a factor in 897 crashes where people were killed or injured. Fewer than 40 drivers were prosecuted for failing to yield the right of way to a pedestrian or bicyclist, which caused 5,966 crashes where people were killed or injured.
Motorists caused 25,483 fatal or injurious crashes in 2014 as a direct result of lawless driving. 70% of pedestrian fatalities are caused by dangerous driver behavior, but the four Vision Zero laws passed by the New York City Council and State Legislature to aid district attorneys have only been used 46 times in two years.
None of New York City's district attorneys are tracking or documenting cases where people are killed by lawless driving. TransAlt asked D.A.s to identify the number of crashes they prosecuted involving a fatality. Not a single office responded with this data.
District attorneys are not using the full extent of their powers. For example, prosecutors have brought charges against less than 1% of drivers involved in 4,000 fatal and injury hit-and-run crashes in 2015. D.A.s could allow victims to report incidents directly to their offices, and publicly push for more resources to expand the NYPD's Collision Investigation Squad (CIS).
Recommendations
D.A.s must demonstrate prosecutorial leadership and commitment to traffic safety by:
Chip Kelly loves athletes. He loves playmakers. He loves versatile players. He loves long/tall defensive players.
Mychal Kendricks rates highly until that final point. Kendricks is only 5-11. Kelly would prefer 6-2 or so for an ILB. So what is Chip Kelly going to think of him? This is one of those situations where it is really tough to know Kelly's thinking.
The main argument for Kelly liking Kendricks is that height/length is the only area where he's deficient. Kelly saw Kendricks as a starter for 3 years in the Oregon/Cal matchup. Kendricks had 10 tackles and a sack in 2010. Kelly will know that Kendricks had 8.5 sacks and was more of an edge player that year. Kelly saw him slide to ILB in 2011 and then lead Cal in tackles, while also putting up 14.5 TFLs and 2 INTs. Kendricks was voted Pac-12 Def POY in 2011. This isn't a player Kelly has to study at great length. He knows Kendricks.
I think the Eagles scheme will be key in understanding Kendricks' future. If the Eagles go to a pure 3-4, that could hurt Kendricks. You prefer 3-4 ILBs to have some size so they can take on blockers. Kendricks is 240 pounds and has some thickness, but he's not great at shedding blocks. If the Eagles play the 4-3 Under, Kendricks would have a natural home at WILB. This player is protected by the NT and DT. They'll keep him clean and let that LB run to the ball and make plays. Karlos Dansby had this role in Arizona and thrived.
Kendricks had a solid rookie year. He played both SAM and WLB. He played in the base and Nickel defenses. He showed the ability to cover in space. He showed good speed and athleticism. Kendricks needs to work on his open field tackling, but I think that will be helped by playing on a more stable defense. Kendricks showed excellent potential, but it is still just that for now…potential.
I am sure Howie Roseman will want to keep Kendricks around. My guess is that Kelly will be fine with him for now. He saw Kendricks at his best in the Pac-12. Kelly knows how good Kendricks can be. Kendricks has to play well in 2013 to be safe for the future. Depending on how well he plays, Kelly could learn to be comfortable with an ILB that size. Kelly did have some short LBs at Oregon, but he didn't always have the option of finding his ideal guys while there.
The Eagles have looked at ILBs closely while preparing for the draft. I think they are focused on a successor for DeMeco Ryans. The team doesn't see Casey Matthews or Jamar Chaney as players who can be trusted to start. There is a need for depth and competition.
* * * * *
Draft Talk
A few of you raised questions about some of the choices in the mock draft in the previous post. Why take a WR there? Why wait so late for a WR? Why not take a DE earlier? And so on.
These are all valid questions. But…
One thing you must remember is that you don't draft positions…you draft players. That may sound silly or trite, but it is absolutely crucial to remember that as you think about team-building. You must think in terms of specific players.
We do need a DE. Right now we'd have Ced Thornton and Clifton Geathers fighting to start at the 5-tech DE. Or maybe Vinny Curry would be in that mix. Thornton is the only guy you'd be comfortable with as of now and he's never started an NFL game. We need a DE.
But what happens if the Eagles go with LB or QB at #4, then grab an OT in the 2nd round, then grab a TE in the 3rd, and go with CB in the 4th? You haven't added a DE. You might have 4 players you love, though. Those could be guys you think will be good starters. What good does forcing a pick at DE do?
And this type of thinking is true with the other positions. You can't force a pick. I've said that we only truly have 2 absolute needs: DE, OT. Other than that, everything else is a want. We might want an upgrade. We might want depth. The DE pick can come late in the draft. We don't have to find a starter. We do need someone to help with depth and to be able to challenge for a spot. We can always sign a FA after the draft or possibly make a trade.
It is critical that we find an OT who could play on the left side if Peters got hurt again. We cannot count on this guy coming as a FA or in a trade. We cannot count on this being a late pick. I think we must take an OT in the first 5 rounds. I'd prefer to take one with one of the first 3 picks.
The FA signings mean that we don't have to get a CB or S. I want both, but “want” is the key word there. Would I pass on a stud WR or TE for a solid CB? That kind of thinking hurts a team in the long run.
The x-factor in all of this is Chip Kelly and how he sees positions. Maybe he thinks we don't need a great 5-tech DE. If that is a spot where Kelly wants mostly a big body to stuff the run, we can find that guy late in the draft or as a veteran FA. If Kelly prefers an athletic pass rusher, then those guys are harder to find and that's more of a premium pick.
Think about WRs. Kelly is looking for slot guys (smaller and quick/fast) and big guys. Those are opposites, but Kelly wants both. He will use them differently depending on who we pick, if we do go for a WR.
Think about TEs. We've been looking at 6-5, 255 guys and 6-3, 240 guys. Different types. Kelly is open to both. The smaller guy is an H-back. The bigger guy more of a true in-line TE. Kelly uses both in his offense.
What about DBs? Does Kelly value CB or S more? We've added a pair of big, physical CBs. Those guys are not hard to find. We can get a CB like that in the 4th round. Does Kelly see S as more of a premium position? Or would he prefer to focus on CBs to make life easier on his Safeties? I really don't know what to think here.
I'll keep doing mock drafts. I'll keep trying to figure out how Kelly thinks and what we might do. For now, that is going to be a lot of guessing. We need to really see a couple of drafts before we start to get a feel for how Kelly operates.
Keep in mind as we talk about the upcoming draft that you can't think in terms of right and wrong. We're looking at options and scenarios. For instance, would you rather have the stud pass rusher or the stud pass protector? We've seen coaches and teams have success with different systems over the years. I think the key is to have clearly defined plans on what you want and to go build the team accordingly. Put simply…do what you do and do it well.
* * * * *
Some Jon Dorenbos talk from earlier today.
_
The 'Ten Commandments Judge' Wants His Seat Back
Enlarge this image toggle caption Debbie Elliott/NPR Debbie Elliott/NPR
Republican Roy Moore, Alabama's controversial "Ten Commandments Judge," is back on the ballot this year, running for chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court — despite being removed from that office nearly a decade ago.
In a state as red as they come, he is facing last-minute Democratic challenger Bob Vance, who is reaching out to moderate Republicans turned off by Moore's politics.
Moore has been on the front lines of the culture wars since the 1990s, when, as an Alabama circuit judge, he displayed a small wooden plaque of the Ten Commandments in his Gadsden courtroom. In a 1997 interview with NPR, he said it was his duty to acknowledge God.
"Separation of church and state never meant to separate God from government," he said. "The First Amendment never meant to divide our country from an acknowledgement of God."
A Veteran Of The Culture Wars
Ensuing court battles brought Moore national notoriety and a loyal following in Alabama. He was elected chief justice in 2000 and followed through with his campaign promise to erect a Ten Commandments monument in the state judicial building. It was the size of a washing machine and copyrighted by Moore.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mario Villafuerte/Getty Images Mario Villafuerte/Getty Images
When the U.S. Supreme Court agreed the display was unconstitutional and ordered him to remove it, Moore refused.
"I will not violate my oath," Moore told NPR in 2003. "I cannot forsake my conscience. I will not neglect my duty. And I will never, never deny the God upon whom our laws and our country depend."
The defiance resulted in ethics charges that removed him from the bench later that year. But Alabama law doesn't prevent him from serving again.
Now, after a failed run for governor, and chatter about a presidential bid, Moore is again seeking the office of chief justice.
But this time, he says, he won't try to bring the monument back.
"The issue was never about the Ten Commandments," Moore says. "It wasn't about the monument or my religion or my faith. It was about the acknowledgment of the sovereignty of God. And that I will do. I will acknowledge the sovereignty of God. But to bring back a monument would confuse that issue to the people."
A Surprise Rival
When Moore won the Republican primary, he seemed like a guaranteed win. He's a household name in a decidedly red state where Democrats haven't even been able to field candidates in most statewide contests. The Democratic Party even disqualified its own chief justice nominee for comments critical of homosexuals and other groups. Moore seemed to have the race locked down.
That's when Birmingham Judge Bob Vance stepped in — entering the chief justice race in August. Since then, Moore has been stumping on solid Republican ground.
At a breakfast event at the Vestavia Hills Country Club outside Birmingham, Vance avoids partisan language.
"I feel a heavy responsibility to serve as a representative of all Alabamians. And the chief justice, above all, should serve in that role," Vance told the crowd.
Playing To The Center
Little-known outside Alabama legal circles, Vance is trying to forge a fragile coalition of Democrats and the establishment Republicans who aren't comfortable with Moore's religious crusades.
"Part of my message is that I will be a chief justice that will serve honorably and won't embarrass the people of this state," Vance told NPR.
toggle caption Courtesy of Judge Bob Vance for Chief Justice
Vance is the son of the late federal Judge Robert Vance, who was assassinated by a mail bomber in 1989. His wife is the U.S. attorney in north Alabama. He's been a circuit judge for 10 years and says the bench is not the place for political posturing.
"We don't need a rerun of all the theatrics that occurred when my opponent was last chief justice," Vance says. "We need someone who will essentially keep Alabama's Supreme Court off the front pages of the national newspapers."
The message works for Republican voter Tom Oliver, a corporate attorney, who doesn't want to see Moore back on the Supreme Court.
"There's a chief justice disrespecting the federal court system," Oliver says. "You know we as lawyers take an oath to respect the court system above all. That's problematic and I don't think Alabama needs that again."
Several prominent Republicans — including a former congressman and a former Alabama Supreme Court justice — have endorsed Vance.
"That's what we're shooting for — trying to peel off what we call 'thinking Republicans,' " says Barry Ragsdale, a Birmingham attorney working on Vance's campaign.
Guilt By Association
But just as Vance and his allies aim hard for country-club and chamber-of-commerce Republicans, Moore's more populist campaign is trying to energize grass-roots social conservatives. A big part of the message is that Vance is a Democrat with a capital D.
"Not only is this candidate against Judge Moore a Democrat, but he has personally given thousands of dollars to Barack Obama — Barack Hussein Obama's campaign for president," Moore adviser Dean Young told a crowd at a Tea Party rally in Mobile as he introduced his candidate.
In his speech, Moore spent little time talking about his opponent, focusing instead on President Obama and his positions on key social issues like abortion and gay marriage.
"He has ignored our laws, the most wholesome and necessary," Moore said. "For instance, the Defense of Marriage Act. Declaring as president for the first time in the history of this country that marriage is not the union of one man and one woman but whatever the Supreme Court or whatever court says it is."
Sylvia Roberts of Mobile came to the rally to hear Moore speak. She says she'd like to see both Moore and his Ten Commandments restored to the Alabama Supreme Court.
"We're at a critical juncture in our nation," Roberts says. "We will either go back to our Christianity, and the faith, the doctrines that our nation was founded on or we will be a socialist, Marxist country."
Moore has a loyal following among religious conservatives like Roberts, and is certainly more well-known than Vance. But Vance heads into the final stretch of the campaign with a 2-to-1 financial advantage. The question is whether there's enough time to make headway against Alabama's most famous chief justice.
For the Egyptian hieroglyphic symbol Neter, see Egyptian hieroglyphs
August Natterer (3 August 1868 – 7 October 1933), also known as Neter, was a German outsider artist with schizophrenia.
Hexenkopf (The Witch's Head), c. 1915 ),
Biography [ edit ]
August Natterer, given the pseudonym Neter by his psychiatrist to protect him and his family from the immense social stigma associated with mental illness at the time, was born on 3 August 1868 in Schornreute near Ravensburg, Germany, the son of a clerk and the youngest of nine children. Natterer studied engineering, got married, travelled widely and had a successful career as an electrician, but was suddenly stricken with delusions and anxiety attacks.[1] On April Fool's Day 1907 he had a pivotal hallucination of the Last Judgment during which "10,000 images flashed by in half an hour".[2] He described it as follows:
I saw a white spot in the clouds absolutely close – all the clouds paused – then the white spot departed and stood all the time like a board in the sky. On the same board or the screen or stage now images as quick as a flash followed each other, about 10,000 in half an hour… God himself occurred, the witch, who created the world – in between worldly visions: images of war, continents, memorials, castles, beautiful castles, just the glory of the world – but all of this to see in supernal images. They were at least twenty meters big, clear to observe, almost without color like photographs… The images were epiphanies of the Last Judgment. Christ couldn't fulfill the salvation because he was crucified early... God revealed them to me to accomplish the salvation.[3]
This ordeal led to a suicide attempt and committal to the first of what would be several mental asylums occupied during the remaining twenty-six years of his life. Natterer thereafter maintained that he was the illegitimate child of Emperor Napoleon I and "Redeemer of the World". The vision had inspired an intense production of drawings, all documenting images and ideas seen in the vision. He died on 7 October 1933 in an asylum near Rottweil.
Artistic works [ edit ]
Natterer was one of the "schizophrenic masters" profiled by Hans Prinzhorn in his field-defining work Artistry of the Mentally Ill.[4] His drawings are attempts to capture the "10,000 images" of his April Fool's Day hallucination, and are always rendered in a clear, objective style, like that of a technical drawing. This may be due to his background as an electrician.
Natterer once claimed that Axle of the World, with Rabbit, which can be seen to the right, had predicted World War I. The rabbit represented "the uncertainty of good fortune. It began to run on the roller... the rabbit was then changed into a zebra (upper part striped) and then into a donkey (donkey's head) made of glass. A napkin was hung on the donkey; it was shaved".[5]
Max Ernst's Oedipus Rex was influenced by Natterer's piece Miraculous Shepherd.[6]
Last year when Johan and I founded The Things Network, Johan was in Barcelona at Hacker Paradise and I was in Amsterdam during the most crucial time of it's existence.
Hacker Paradise is a community that moves around the world and offers a good opportunity for a workcation.
You join a group of like minded developers, designers and entrepreneurs and have a good time while you do your freelance gigs or do your normal job remotely in a place where you otherwise would go on holiday. All the logistics are taking care of for you –housing, community and a workplace.
This summer they would touch down in Porto, Portugal. It was temptingly close.
Johan decided to join the community for a few months.
We discussed the pros and cons of bringing the entire team to Porto for the month of August the conclusion was, “Fuck it, let's do it!” The team worked hard the past year and this was our gesture of gratitude.
As the community never had a whole team join them, we were sure to ask how they felt beforehand. Thankfully they loved the idea and agreed to try it out.
Personally, I decided to go two weeks and bring my wife and 10 month old daughter. My wife did some freelance writing gigs and we enjoyed the city a lot during off hours and weekends.
Not to mention my baby became the most popular person in the co-working space.
Now after a month, I dare to say this was a great success. It was both a productive and very enjoyable experience for the entire team.
What was so effective about this month away from the office at home?
Strengthening the team bond
Imagine being with a team with a very clear common goal. Day and night–working hard, playing hard.
The social city life is very energetic in Porto. Everybody goes out to eat every night, hanging out together while enjoying the weather and the city. Nothing brings a team together like getting on the karaoke stage together.
Focus
Everybody is away from home. No superfluous meetings, no disturbances, no other social life.
Change of scenery
I don't know why but I get more productive when I am in a new space or environment.
If I need to focus I sometimes go to a coffee shop and work a few hours straight. This is what we actually did with our entire team but on steroids.
It is more sunny in Porto
More sun is always good!
Meeting like minded and inspiring people
Upon arrival, you're immediately incorporated into the Hacker Paradise community.
You rub elbows daily with a lot of competent and skilled people, since the group mostly consists of digital creative professionals from which you can learn.
Once a week there is a retrospect session where everybody reflects on personal and work related topics and goals are set. Others in the group offer to help you in areas where you need assistance.
It is not a holiday
It's clear to everybody that this is not a vacation. So everyone works their hours. And that is also the culture at Hacker Paradise.
The co-working space is a silent area where you are able to focus on work. And most of the people are in before 9:30am to get their job of the day done — super early by Porto standards.
So in hindsight, the business case consisted of increased productivity, increased commitment and team bond, increased happiness and increased skills of our team.
We grew closer together in the last month than we had in the entire previous year. We asked everybody to pay their own plane tickets. Which I think is important as it requires a bit of investment from the team as well.
We had a great time and we did some awesome work. I can recommend this to any team that is under high pressure or wants to enjoy a bit of sun!
Read next: Listen to the world's first computer music recording
The controller is pretty nice actually. I like the colors and design a lot. The green and pink match perfectly with the Splatoon joycons (as expected, and the faint decal of ink and stuff on the black part of the controller in the middle is a nice touch.
With this being the only Pro controller I own, I don't have anything to compare it against except other types of controllers. As a person that prefers controllers though, vs like, mouse + keyboard combo, I do go through a lot of them.
This one feels mostly premium, has good weight, and balanced weight. It could go for being lighter, but I imagine that would require a sacrifice for something like that fancy HD rumble or something.
The controller doesn't have any glossy surfaces really. The top is kinda glossy, but somehow, all of them appear to resist fingerprints, which is great.
The face buttons (ABXY) have a satisfying amount of resistance, and no click or anything (like the L3/R3 analog stick buttons).
The L1-2/R1-2 bumper/trigger buttons share this same feel, but with less resistance.
The +/- (start select) buttons on it are slightly raised, but similarly to the Home/screenshot buttons, they are clicky types of buttons instead. I feel like the location of the +/- should be different, I often find myself reaching for the home/screenshot buttons instead.
The two Analog sticks are nice and resistant, which feels nice to use them. They are grippy, too, so they tend to attract... stuff.
The D-pad I don't really care for. It is a single and hard piece of plastic. This is similar to other controllers Nintendo has produced, but I guess Sony's dualshock kinda spoiled me, as their separated directions on the D-pad just feel better.
The price for what it is seems really high. If I priced this myself with no former knowledge of Nintendo Switch Pro Controller pricing, I'd say it should be about 50$ or so, not 80$.
Overall, the device does well, I like it a lot, but it's not perfect.
If you have 80$ to blow, like Splatoon a lot, and need a pro controller for the Switch, I guess go for it.
I haven't tried it, but I also hear it doesn't play nice with the PC, as far as plug n play goes (akin to PS4/XB1).
HAMBURG, Pa. - The inspiration for Jeff Stumpf's "Skook Burger" didn't come from his kitchen, but rather a hunter hangout in Schuylkill County.
"We would go out to Orwigsburg Rod & Gun Club on Thursday nights and shoot trap and they needed a little help behind the counter, so I said, 'Sure, I'll help you out,' and the old-timers would make some burgers ahead and they'd put them on a frying pan on low with beer and onions," Stumpf recalled.
He runs the 'It's Just Bar-B-Que" restaurant at 320 Beech Road in Orwigsburg. It's a spot known more for it's bright pink pig grill parked outside and succulent ribs on the menu than it is for its burgers.
Tom Rader | 69 News
Tom Rader | 69 News
But Saturday, Stumpf will be making his sophomore appearance at the 14th annual Taste of Hamburg-er Festival in Hamburg, and he wants you to taste not just the flavors of Schuylkill County's well-known brewery, but also Kowalonek's kielbasa and Mrs. T's pierogies.
You can give it a try by visiting his stand at 53 South Fourth Street.
Meanwhile, at the Hamburg Diner, manager Chris Driesbach was inspired by a home-cooked menu item, or perhaps lack thereof.
"Being a [Pennsylvania] Dutch boy, I like my shepherd's pie. The only problem is, you can't get shepherd's pie every day of the week," Driesbach explained.
If anything, attendees can't complain about the lack of variety. Speaking of attendees, according to longtime festival organizer Deena Kershner, like the ingredients in the burgers, it's only getting bigger.
"The first year, we probably had 3,000 people attend this festival, and this year, we estimate it's up to 40,000 every year that come now."
The 14th annual Taste Of Hamburg-er Festival will take place, rain or shine, in downtown Hamburg from 10 a.m. until 6 p.m. Saturday.
In David Cronenberg's Shivers (1975) a deranged scientist creates a parasite that enters the bodies of his apartment block neighbours thanks to the promiscuity of his young mistress. Spread by sex, the parasites begin to infect the entire building, causing their hosts to react violently against the remaining human occupants until, at the film's closing, the city of nearby Montreal is at risk of infection and so too, presumably, is the world.
The film contains many Cronenbergian hallmarks: the ugly amalgamations and distortions of flesh, infection via sexual contact, and the uneasiness of eroticism, but it's also familiar as another riff on invasionary paranoia à la Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1956) or a precursor of sorts to the paranoia and rending of flesh seen in John Carpenter's The Thing remake (1982), or even as an adaptation of J.G. Ballard's novel High Rise (also 1975). But Cronenberg himself was less interested in where his film's influences came from or what they paralleled and was more concerned with where they were going — and they went, in his estimation, directly into 1979's Alien.
“I have to say that some of my images like this [parasite] ended up in things like Alien, which was more popular than any of the films I've ever made. But the writer of Alien has definitely seen these movies, Dan O'Bannon. The idea of parasites that burst out of your body and uses a fluid and leaps on your face, that's all in Shivers.”
~ David Cronenberg, David Cronenberg: Interviews with Serge Grünberg, 2006.
From the get-go Cronenberg expressed frustration with Alien. “It has no metaphysics, no philosophy,” he told Fangoria in 1979. “The creature winds up as a man in a crocodile suit who chases a bunch of people around a room. I think that my own films do a lot more in touching a deep seated nerve, more than the simple reaction that you don't want a crocodile to eat you. Alien was just a $300,000 B-movie with a $10 million budget.” The pivotal chestburster moment also came under fire: “The parasite device isn't used in a metaphorical way, it wasn't used to evoke anything,”Cronenberg said. “In Alien, John Hurt has the parasite in him, he goes about his business as usual. In Shivers, the parasite stays inside the people and changes their behaviour and their motives. It's used for something more than simple shock value.”
But Alien's lack of philosophy bothered him less than the alleged plagariasm of its writer. “Dan O'Bannon knew my movie,” Cronenberg insisted in an interview with thefilmexperience.net. “In a case like that you wouldn't mind a little credit for it. But beyond that, if you are influential –and I've had many young filmmakers say that I was a big influence and sometimes their movies do remind me of my old movies– you take it as a compliment. You obviously touched a nerve. It's nice to have people be aware of that. But beyond that it's inevitable; things become communal understandings, let's say. The whole parasite thing. I mean there are movies called Parasite. But I did it first but, you know, whatever.”
Cronenberg often reiterated that he did not know and had never even met Dan O'Bannon, yet he was resolute that Dan had seen his films and deliberately plagiarised from them. His source, he revealed, was An American Werewolf in London director John Landis. “John Landis told me that [Dan] knew very well what he called ‘the Canadian films', by which he meant Shivers and Rabid, when he wrote Alien. And so I know he stole all the parasite stuff from Shivers. And Ron Shusett said, ‘He never saw those movies and knows nothing about it' … Dan O'Bannon later denied that he had ever seen those movies, but John Landis swears that he talked about them all the time and knew them very well.” Cronenberg has told this story several times, always referring to the oblique ‘Canadian films' which he took to specify his own films. “I mean, everybody steals from everybody else,” says Cronenberg, “but he was apparently a very aggressive sort of hostile character. I don't know, I've never met him.”
But Alien, though it certainly employed body horror (“a human subject dismantled and demolished,” Kelly Hurley defines it, “a human body whose integrity is violated, a human identity whose boundaries are breached from all sides”) merely uses it as a launching pad for its plot rather than as a fulcrum. The creatures in Alien and Shivers (home-grown experiments in the latter, of unknown alien origins in the former) are also quite distinct from one another. The facehugger in Alien is but one transitional stage of the Alien's lifecycle; the parasites in Cronenberg's film do not undergo metamorphosis: they slither from body to body in order to spread and survive, whereas the Alien can be more accurately described as a parasitoid or protolean being, defined by Wikipedia as creatures “that begin the growing phase of their lives as parasites, and in particular, typically as internal parasites. As a rule they end that phase of their lives parasitoidally by killing or consuming the host, and then they emerge as free-living adults.”
“As far back as Alien, for example, which totally ripped off things from my movie Shivers – Shivers featured a parasite that lives in your body, bursts out of your chests, jumps onto your face, and jumps down your mouth, and suddenly you see this in a studio film, which was hugely successful, Alien. The writer of the script, Dan O'Bannon, had seen Shivers, we know that he had seen my movie and, shall we say, appropriated it. So this is not new stuff for me.”
~ David Cronenberg, Collider, 2015.
The creation of the facehugger and chestburster has been covered extensively on Strange Shapes, along with the insect influence on the creature's life-cycle. Dan's Crohn's Disease, undiagnosed but certainly afflicting him at the time, also influenced the Alien's agonising birth process, as did the various comic strips that he had read in his youth, many of which featured alien spores erupting from human bodies to run amok.
Despite his distate for Alien, Cronenberg was approached by Fox to direct Alien Resurrection, an offer he found temporarily appealing. “It's tempting for a minute because they're begging me to do it,” he told combustiblecelluloid.com. “And it's Fox, and I'd love to work with Sigourney Weaver and Winona Ryder. It'd be great fun. [But] the problem with doing a schlocky big-budget horror film or studio film is that it wouldn't actually be fun for me. I'm innately honest, I think. If I'm gonna do Alien 4, then I'm gonna deliver Aliens 4. I'm going to try and make it the best version of Aliens 4 I can. So I'm not going to try and subvert it and make it something else, because why spend $80 or $100 million of the studio's money, and just be deceitful and be fighting them all the time, and have them combat at you, and then end up with something that isn't really good either way … I actually said to them, ‘You know, I don't even do sequels to my own movies; why would I do sequels to somebody else's movies?' I didn't do The Fly II. Why would I do Aliens 4?”
There was another famed director by the given name of David who also, apparently, found O'Bannon's film to be uncomfortably appropriative. David Lynch has never, to my knowledge, publicly spoken about Alien, but HR Giger, eager to work on Lynch's adaptation of Dune after two failed attempts under Alejandro Jodorowsky and Ridley Scott, tried to reach out to Lynch in the early 80's.
“Through friends I asked Lynch if he was interested in my co-operation,” Giger told Cinefantastique magazine. “I never heard from him. Later I came to know that he was upset because he thought we copied the chestburster in Alien from his monster baby in Eraserhead, which was not so. Ridley Scott and I hadn't even seen that film at the time. If one film influenced Alien it was The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. I would have loved to collaborate with Lynch on Dune but apparently he wanted to do all the designs by himself.”
The Eraserhead (1977) baby, a sickly, mewling creature, is similar to the chestburster in that they are embryonic, apparently serpentine, monsters, but Lynch's baby frightens because of the juxtaposition between its humanity and inhumanity: it is frighteningly monstrous and yet helpless. The relationship between the viewer and the baby are one of unease, disgust, and pity. No such relationship exists between the creatures of Alien and the film's viewers: the Alien is an interloper that uses human bodies both brutally and impersonally.
“People have asked [Lynch] about me,” said Giger, “but he isn't really enthusiastic about my work. I've been told that he thinks we stole his Eraserhead baby for the Alien chestburster, but that's not true. I told Ridley Scott that he should see the film, though he never did. David Lynch said that it was filmed exactly as his was, but it couldn't have been because Ridley hadn't seen it! Lynch talked like it was some sort of homage to his work … He doesn't seem to want to be friendly to me, and I don't know why.”
Ever gracious, Giger, who took every given opportunity to exalt Lynch's Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, finished by saying: “I think he did a great job [with Dune]. I admire Lynch tremendously. I think he's one of the greatest filmmakers and I would very much like to work for him some time.”
Stickers and slides serve to ease concerns that spooks could be watching our every move, as even the FBI director says he puts tape on his camera
For the past half decade, the technology industry has been racing to build better cameras into the hardware we use every day.
Yet the surveillance age has inspired an odd cottage industry battling against this trend: a glut of cheap stickers and branded plastic slides designed to cover up the front-facing cameras on phones, laptops and even televisions.
For years, security researchers have shown that hackers can hijack the cameras to spy on whomever is on the other end. To put that in perspective, think of all the things your devices have seen you do.
Such warnings have finally caught on. Last month, the FBI director, James Comey, told an audience: “I put a piece of tape over the camera because I saw somebody smarter than I am had a piece of tape over their camera.”
The corporate swag company Idea Stage Promotions describe its Webcam Cover 1.0 as “the HOTTEST PROMOTIONAL ITEM on the market today”. The cable channel USA Networks sent journalists a “Mr Robot” webcam cover for the popular hacker thriller's upcoming season.
Christine Champagne (@itsthechampagne) This Mr. Robot webcam cover I got from @USA_Network is the most clever TV promo item I have received in a long time! pic.twitter.com/pBL3mcUsv9
Covering cameras isn't new for those who know that the internet is always watching. Eva Galperin, a policy analyst for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, says that since she bought her first laptop with a built-in camera on the screen, a MacBook Pro, in 2007, she's been covering them up.
EFF started printing its own webcam stickers in 2013, as well as selling and handing out camera stickers that read: “These removable stickers are an unhackable anti-surveillance technology.”
“People purchase these regularly,” a spokesman said.
The fear over web cameras has penetrated deep into popular culture. The trailer for Oliver Stone's forthcoming biopic Snowden, on the US spy contractor, features a clip of actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt, who plays the title character, looking nervously at his laptop camera during an intimate moment with his girlfriend.
So are we all being paranoid? Well, it's not science fiction. Researchers in 2013 showed how they could activate a Macbook's camera without triggering the green “this-thing-is-on” light. One couple claimed a hacker posted a video of them having sex after hacking their smart TV. And federal court records shows that the FBI does know how to use laptop cameras to spy on users as well.
So, naturally, where there's fear, there is money to be made.
The DC-based CamPatch describes itself as “the Mercedes Bens [sic] of putting tape over your webcam”. Its founders started the company in 2013 after hearing a briefing from Pentagon cybersecurity experts on how webcams were a new “attack vector”, said Krystie Caraballo, CamPatch's general manager.
Caraballo wouldn't disclose financials other than to say the company has had “six-figure revenues for the last several years” and that it has distributed more than 250,000 patches. The company advertises bulk pricing “as low as $2.79”.
Yet not everyone is on the camera-covering bandwagon. Brian Pascal, a privacy expert who has worked for Stanford and Palantir Technologies says a cost-benefit analysis led him conclude he'd rather have a usable camera, which he can use to record his son. But he acknowledged such stickers are a way for people signal that they too worry about Big Brother.
“Security actions without threat modelling are just performative,” said Pascal.
Others just haven't gotten around to it yet.
“Because I'm an idiot,” replied Matthew Green, an encryption expert at Johns Hopkins University when asked why he doesn't cover his cameras. “I have no excuse for not taking this seriously ... but at the end of the day, I figure that seeing me naked would be punishment enough.”
Of course, webcam paranoia is likely to be only the first of many awakenings as consumers bring more devices into their lives that can be turned into unwitting spies. Amazon.com has had enormous success with its Echo smart speaker that, by default, is always listening for its owners' commands. Google plans to release a similar product this year called Google Home.
In a hearing on Capitol Hill in February, the US director of national intelligence, James Clapper, acknowledged how the so-called “internet of things” could be used “for identification, surveillance, monitoring, location tracking, and targeting for recruitment, or to gain access to networks or user credentials”.
New Delhi: The Union cabinet on Monday gave its nod to the supporting legislations for the implementation of the goods and services tax (GST) paving the way for the bills to be tabled in the Lok Sabha this week.
The cabinet approved the Central GST bill, the integrated GST bill, the Union territory GST bill and the bill to compensate states for revenue losses arising from a transition to the GST, in another step towards meeting the 1 July rollout date for this singular tax reform.
The government plans to table these four GST bills together in Parliament since all the bills have many clauses that require cross-referencing.
The state GST bill has been sent to the states for approval by their respective state legislatures.
The government is expected to table all the four legislations as money bills in Parliament to ensure its smooth and time bound passage.
ALSO READ | The GST Council template for cooperative federalism
A money bill only requires the nod of the Lok Sabha where the ruling alliance is in a majority. The Rajya Sabha, where the ruling National Democratic Alliance is in a minority, only has powers to make recommendations on the bill which the Lok Sabha can choose to accept and reject. Further, once Lok Sabha passes a money bill and sends it to Rajya Sabha for its consideration, the Upper House has to return the bill to the Lok Sabha within 14 days else the bill is presumed to be passed by Parliament.
The GST council—the representative body of the Centre and the states, had cleared the last two remaining legislations on 16 March.
The industry is eagerly awaiting the passage of these bills in Parliament to get some clarity on the fine print of this ambitious indirect tax regime that aims to remove barriers across states and unite the country into a common market.
The government needs to give industry enough time after the finalization of the laws and rules to prepare for a smooth transition to meet the 1 July deadline.
ALSO READ | GST: Centralized assessment for service-oriented industries likely
Though the government had put up the initial draft of the bills for stakeholder feedback in November last year, the final legislation incorporating all the changes proposed by the council are yet to be made public.
Passage of these bills will also provide the required thrust for the government to push industry to register under GST and avail the new registration IDs. So far, in the absence of a legislative backing, the process of migration of tax payers to the new indirect tax regime has been slow.
Abhishek Rastogi, partner, Khaitan & Co, said in a note that the 1 July GST rollout deadline seems realistic.
“The timely approval of the bills by the Cabinet ensures that the industry would have reasonable time to peruse the details of the law impacting them," he said adding that this will ensure the industry will be better prepared for GST's implementation.
by
As gasoline prices have increase over the last several years, many people have resorted to very creative ways to increase gas mileage. These drivers – commonly referred to as “hypermilers” – try to push their car to get the best fuel economy possible, and many have been able to double their car's EPA estimated gas mileage.
While most of their tips revolve around driving the correct speed and making sure your car is in top shape, many of their “extreme tips” are dangerous and should not be attempted under any circumstance. Here are some of the more egregious trips that you should never consider using no matter how badly you'd like to increase your car's fuel economy:
Cruising through stop signs. Rolling through stop signs will help you save gas because you won't need to use as much energy (read: fuel) to get back up to whatever speed you're supposed to be traveling. In the end, this probably won't save you too much gas, and could end up costing you a lot of money.
Blowing through stop signs is a bad idea for a couple reasons. First and foremost, it's against the law, and if you get caught you can expect to get a nice fine and probably a hike in your insurance premiums – which will, without a doubt, more than negate any money you save on gas. Second, it's dangerous. By running stop signs you're increasing the chance of hitting a pedestrian and getting into an accident.
Recommendation: No matter how desperate you are to increase your fuel economy, I think it's safe to say that running through stop signs isn't something you should be doing.
Tailgating large trucks (think 18 wheelers). Here's another dangerous idea that should always be avoided. When you're tailgating or “drafting” behind a large vehicle, you'll increase your car's fuel economy because you won't have to overcome as much air resistance; in turn, you'll use less fuel.
When traveling closely behind an 18 wheeler, you are putting yourself in the driver's blind spot, meaning he or she can't see you and probably don't even know you're behind them. Obviously, part of being a safe driver knows where all the other vehicles around you are so that you can plan and act accordingly.
Also, the closer you drive to any vehicle, the less reaction time you have if something were to go wrong. If you're only a couple of feet away from a big rig's bumper you're not going to be able to avoid an accident should the truck need to attempt to come to an abrupt stop.
Recommendation: Travel a safe distance behind all vehicles (remember the three second rule?) and travel the speed limit, especially on the highway.
Shutting off your car while it's still moving. This tip will help increase fuel economy because, as expected, if your car's engine is off, it's not using any gas. This tip is often used while a car is traveling down hill, so that it can use not only the energy generated while the car was on, but energy generated from gravity as well.
It should be fairly obvious that this is an absolutely terrible idea. If your car is off and you're still in motion, the chances of something bad happening are increased exponentially. You won't have the ability to quickly accelerate to get out of a tight spot; you'll lose power steering, making it more difficult to turn the vehicle; and chances are if you turn the steering wheel too far, you'll end up locking it in place.
While it's tough to pick the worst extreme hypermiling tip, this one should certainly be in consideration.
Recommendation: When going down hills simply let off the accelerator and let gravity do its job.
Over inflating your tires. By over inflating your tire pressure by 20 or so pounds per square inch (PSI), you apparently will see a slight increase in fuel economy because you'll have less tire surface on the road – meaning you'll need slightly less energy to get the car moving and maintain speed.
However, with this decrease in tire contact with the road comes a decrease in traction and an increase in the chance you will be unable to maintain control of your vehicle. Also, over inflating tires will make them more susceptible to blowouts and uneven wear.
Recommendation: Simply make sure your tires are inflated to the car manufacturer's recommended PSI. This should be more than enough to help get better fuel economy.
While it's nice to increase your vehicle's fuel economy, it's not worth risking your life.
Stick to the tried, true and safe methods you've heard ad nauseum over the last year or so: drive the speed limit, make sure your tires are properly inflated, use moderate acceleration, etc. You likely won't double your gas mileage this way, but you will save money at the pump while being a safe and courteous driver.
Muslim-American Olympiad Detained By Customs Agents Before Trump Became President, Media Still Blames Trump!
Ibtihaj Muhammad, the female Muslim-American Olympic fencer was detained by customs agents for 2 hours according to an interview she did earlier this month. Although she was detained back in December while Obama was still the President, she made it sound like she was a victim of Trump's travel ban and the media ran with it!
In her interview with PopSugar she stated:
Popsugar: Do you know anyone who was directly impacted by Trump's travel ban? Ibtihaj Muhammad: Well, I personally was held at Customs for two hours just a few weeks ago. I don't know why. I can't tell you why it happened to me, but I know that I'm Muslim. I have an Arabic name. And even though I represent Team USA and I have that Olympic hardware, it doesn't change how you look and how people perceive you. Unfortunately, I know that people talk about this having a lot to do with these seven countries in particular, but I think the net is cast a little bit wider than we know. And I'm included in that as a Muslim woman who wears a hijab.
Of course the fake news media went crazy blaming Donald Trump's ‘Muslim ban' and bigotry as to why she was detained by customs agents. FYI, Ibtihaj Muhammad was actually born in New Jersey so I'm not exactly sure how Trump's travel ban pertains to her anyway.
Time Magazine's Motto ran a headline: “Olympic Athlete Ibtihaj Muhammad Was Detained Because of President Trump's Travel Ban”
New York Daily News' headline read: “U.S. Olympian Ibtihaj Muhammad Being Detained Illustrates Why Trump's Muslim Ban Is Not Who We Are As Americans”
The Hill published: “A Muslim-American Olympic medalist says she was detained by Customs for nearly two hours without explanation after President Trump's travel ban was instituted a few weeks ago.”
Ibtihaj Muhammad sent out a tweet confirming her tragic customs incident took place in December when Obama was still the President! So I guess all of these leftist websites just admitted Obama isn't who we are?
Now of course I reached out to Ibtihaj Muhammad on Twitter and asked her if she denounces the Quran's call to kill or subjugate me as a non-Muslim and below was her answer…but she's supposed to be the ‘voice for all impacted by bigotry'…
TGP also documented her hateful, Anti-American statements and tweets which you can read about here.
Hat Tip: Washington Examiner
Only six pitchers in the majors so far this season have thrown more innings than Cole Hamels, and his 3.03 ERA is pretty nice, too. Good start to the season for him, then, right? Well, not so fast. There are a number of indicators that paint the picture that Hamels may be in for a world of trouble in 2017.
I first was alerted to Hamels' precarious situation by this tweet from the venerable Mike Petriello:
I know it's early, but 5 starts isn't anything, and everything about Cole Hamels terrifies me. 3.03 ERA is a mirage.. 15/12 K/BB in 32.2 IP. pic.twitter.com/R1iE03dMUx — Mike Petriello (@mike_petriello) April 27, 2017
That's not great, especially given how consistent Hamels has been throughout his career. The drop in swinging-strike percentage isn't necessarily totally damning though, so I wanted to investigate further. Let's start with some of his other plate-discipline statistics.
Most of Hamels' plate-discipline stats are trending in the wrong direction, aside from his Z-Swing%, which hasn't changed much the past three seasons. His Zone% is the second-lowest of his career, the lowest mark having occurred last season. His Swing% and O-Swing% are both at career lows. That's not great, either. His Z-Contact% and Contact% are both career-worst marks, and his O-Contact% in at its highest since 2009. It's the second-highest mark of his career. None of this is encouraging.
I want to focus on two rates, in particular: his overall Contact% and his O-Swing%. Let's start with the latter. As of Thursday, there were 80 pitchers who'd tossed at least 20 innings this season and 100 innings last season. Here's the top-10 pitchers by O-Swing% change.
So, that's not great. Only Miller and Holland have seen hitters offer at fewer of their pitches outside the strike zone this season. Overall, his 25.1% out-of-zone swing rate ranks just 97th out of 112 pitchers with at least 20 innings this season.
Let's take a look at those pitchers who've suffered the largest increases in Contact%.
So, yeah, Hamels doesn't fare well here, either. There's a big gap between Hendricks and Hamels and the rest of the pack. (While we're at it, let's keep an eye on Justin Verlander, as he's the only other player to appear on both of these lists.) So far, just 22 pitchers have a higher Contact% than Hamels this season, so it's not like we can handwave Hamels' inclusion on this list the way we can Clayton Kershaw's. Even with Kershaw's increase, he only ranks 86th out of 112 in Contact%. Kershaw's inclusion here is probably just a small-sample size blip. And Hamels' may be too! He could rebound any second now. But where there's smoke, there's fire.
Let's turn to some results, shall we? After all, bad rates don't have to mean bad production.
K-BB% Decreases, 2016-2017 2016 2017 Name Team IP K-BB% IP K-BB% Difference Kevin Gausman BAL 179.2 16.8% 24.0 1.7% 15.1% Hisashi Iwakuma SEA 199.0 12.1% 20.1 -1.2% 13.3% Cole Hamels TEX 200.2 14.5% 32.2 2.3% 12.2% Julio Teheran ATL 188.0 16.6% 29.1 5.6% 11.0% Danny Duffy KC 179.2 20.0% 32.0 9.3% 10.7% Justin Verlander DET 227.2 21.8% 22.1 11.1% 10.7% Yu Darvish TEX 100.1 24.3% 32.2 14.2% 10.1% Kyle Hendricks CHC 190.0 16.9% 22.0 7.6% 9.3% Vince Velasquez PHI 131.0 19.4% 21.1 10.5% 8.9% Masahiro Tanaka NYY 199.2 16.0% 21.0 9.2% 6.8% Johnny Cueto SF 219.2 17.4% 30.0 10.6% 6.8% 2016 min IP = 100
2017 min IP = 20
Mama, there's that man again. And if things weren't already looking bleak for Rangers fans, Darvish pops up on this list, too. Yey? Of the 112 pitchers who have tossed 20 innings this season, only Gausman, Blake Snell and Iwakuma have a worse K-BB% than does Hamels.
Hamels has now made five starts and struck out just 15 hitters. He hasn't struck out more than five in any one start. This has never happened before during Hamels' regular-season career. He's had three other stretches of four games started with five or fewer Ks, but this new streak is a first. The first such stretch is sort of a cheat. The games spanned from Sept. 23, 2009 to April 7, 2010, spanning two seasons. In those four games, he struck out 16 batters against nine walks in 21.2 innings pitched. In a four-start stretch from Aug. 9, 2014 to Aug. 26, 2014, he struck out 19 against seven walks in 26 innings. And then finally, last season, from May 27 to June 12, he struck out 19 against 11 walks in 25.2 IP. In this season's five-start stretch, he's struck out just 15 batters against 12 walks in 32.2 IP.
All of this would be less troubling if Hamels were, say, a ground-ball specialist. But he's not. I mean, he gets plenty of grounders, sure, but his 46.5% ground-ball mark ranks just 43rd out of the 112 pitchers who have pitched 20 innings this season. And that rate is down slightly from last season, when Hamels got ground balls on 49.6% of his batted balls.
It might be less troubling if Hamels had, say, a BABIP within his career norms. He doesn't. Currently, he's sporting a .219 BABIP that's 36 points lower than his career-low mark — set in 2011 — and 67 points lower than his average. So we would expect that to come up some, and if it does, his margin for error will be even thinner.
All of this might be less troubling if Hamels were, say, giving up the same batted-ball distance as he normally does. But he's not. According to Statcast, Hamels' average distance allowed in 2015 was 163 feet; in 2016, it was 160 ft. This year, it's 182 feet. Again, small samples, and this increase isn't necessarily a death knell on its own, but you connect the dots and you have to feel a little nervous.
Cole Hamels has been one of the best pitchers of his generation. For his career, he's recorded 44.0 WAR. Since he came into the majors in 2006, only five pitchers have accumulated more wins than that. Since baseball integrated in 1947, Hamels' WAR ranks 77th out of 2,062 qualified pitchers. That's really good! But nothing lasts forever, and there are a lot of warning signs surrounding Hamels' early-season performance. If something doesn't change for him soon, he may be primed for a fall. And with the Rangers already ranking just 24th in starting-pitching WAR, a fall from Hamels is something they can ill afford.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp has not relinquished its customers' data to the U.S. government and would challenge any orders to do so, the company said in a blog post on Friday.
The IBM logo is seen outside the company's offices in Petah Tikva, near Tel Aviv October 24, 2011. REUTERS/Nir Elias
The post by the world's largest technology service provider is the latest backlash by a tech company against U.S. electronic surveillance practices, after published reports on Wednesday that alleged the government used websites to break into computers.
“IBM has not provided client data to the NSA or any other government agency under any surveillance program involving the bulk collection of content or metadata,” Robert Weber, IBM's senior vice president of legal and regulatory affairs, wrote in the blog post.
“If the U.S. government were to serve a national security order on IBM to obtain data from an enterprise client and impose a gag order that prohibits IBM from notifying that client, IBM will take appropriate steps to challenge the gag order through judicial action or other means,” Weber said.
He added that the New York-based company would challenge national security orders to obtain data stored outside the United States and that efforts to access that data should go through recognized legal channels like treaties.
The NSA has “co-opted” more than 140,000 computers since August 2007 to inject them with spying software, according to a slide leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden and published by The Intercept news website on Wednesday.]
In a statement, the NSA said the reports were “inaccurate” and said it does not target users of global Internet services without appropriate legal authority.
“Reports of indiscriminate computer exploitation operations are simply false,” the agency said.
IBM is one of several U.S. tech companies hit by the growing government spying scandal. Its sales to China fell by 20 percent in the second half of last year as Beijing encouraged state- owned companies to buy China-branded products on fears of U.S. government spying.
In the post, Weber also called for greater transparency and a robust debate about government surveillance.
“Data is the next great natural resource, with the potential to improve lives and transform institutions for the better. However, establishing and maintaining the public's trust in new technologies is essential,” he wrote.
On Thursday, Facebook Inc Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg also blasted the U.S. government's electronic spying.
“When our engineers work tirelessly to improve security, we imagine we're protecting you against criminals, not our own government,” Zuckerberg said in a post on his personal Facebook page.
The documents showed that the NSA impersonated Facebook web pages in order to gather information from targets. When those people thought they were logging into Facebook, they were actually communicating with the NSA. The agency then used malicious code on the fake page to break into the targets' computers and remove data from them.
The agency rejected the reports and declined impersonating any U.S. company websites.
The little dog had been in our training center for 15 minutes before he noticed the giant painting of a dog hanging on the wall. His eyes widened as he took a step toward it, growling. “Pssht!” his owner hissed, snapping her fingers at him. He jerked in surprise, then sat down and licked his lips. He didn't growl again, but continued to stare at the painting, trembling slightly, paw raised. Dogs growl for a variety of reasons. Fear, insecurity, guarding behavior, offensive aggression and play can all elicit dog growling, although to an expert these growls are each unique in their tone and pitch. Outside of play, growling serves as a warning that all is not well in the dog's world. Something is off, and our dog is doing us the courtesy of sharing that information.
“Why did you just snap at your dog?” I asked the little dog's owner.
“I want him to know that I won't tolerate that behavior,” she replied.
It's human nature to respond negatively to a dog's growl. Growling is an undesirable behavior and can oftentimes be a precursor to a bite. However, as I explained to the little dog's owner, it's important to suppress your urge to correct your dog for growling. Thank your dog for growling, and remove or redirect him from the situation that's provoking the growl. It's better than the alternative.
Here are four things you need to know about dog growling:
1. Dog growling serves as a warning signal
It tells you that your dog is unhappy or uncomfortable. Something is wrong. Think of it as an early warning system.
2. Punishing a dog for growling takes away your early warning system
Dogs who are punished for growling oftentimes learn not to growl. However, getting rid of the growl doesn't fix the underlying cause for growling, which leaves us with a dog who is just as upset as before, but now has no way to express that discomfort except for escalating his display. The growl may be gone, but now you've created a dog who will bite “without warning.”
3. All dogs warn
If your dog doesn't warn before he bites, it's either because you're missing his precursor signals or because he no longer feels safe displaying them. Either way, the fault here lies at the other end of the leash.
Dogs who go straight to biting without displaying lots and lots of precursors are much more difficult to treat. I would much rather work with a dog who stiffens up, displays whale eyes, hard-stares me, curls his lip, growls, freezes and then (finally) bites, than a dog who goes straight from a freeze to a bite. It will be much easier to keep the situation safe with the first dog. The latter case is much riskier.
4. If your dog growls, he believes he has a valid reason to do so
The little dog was understandably worried by what he perceived was a giant dog, frozen and staring at him (both confrontational and potentially aggressive behaviors) from across the room.
His owner would have done better to acknowledge his fear, using treats to reward him for looking at, and later on investigating, the frightening painting (and she will in the future, as she now has the tools to better deal with situations that make her dog uncomfortable). His growl was merely a symptom of his insecurity in this situation. Treating the underlying cause will make the symptom disappear far more effectively than suppressing it.
Sara Reusche is the owner of Paws Abilities Dog Training in Rochester, MN. She has more than a decade of training experience. She became a Certified Professional Dog Trainer in 2005 and a Certified Veterinary Technician in 2006. She has also worked as a dog groomer, vet tech, doggy daycare attendant, and animal shelter caretaker and trainer. She spends most of her time working with serious behavior cases and has a special fondness for reactive and anxious dogs. This post previously ran on her dog behavior blog, Paws Abilities, and is rerunning here with her permission.
Read more articles about dog behavior on Dogster.com:
What situations cause your dog to growl? How have you addressed dog growling? Please share your stories in the comments!
Thumbnail: Dog ready to bite by Shutterstock.
Immigration Minister Scott Morrison refuses to detail recent asylum seeker boat arrival in Question Time
Updated
Immigration Minister Scott Morrison has refused to answer a question in Parliament about an unconfirmed boat arrival, saying to do so would "undermine" the Government's bid to stop the boats and "help" people smugglers.
Since winning government, Mr Morrison has commented on asylum seeker issues only at official weekly briefings of Operation Sovereign Borders.
It is understood a boat carrying asylum seekers arrived in Darwin earlier this week, but the Immigration Department has not commented on it.
The Opposition has used the new Parliament's first Question Time to try to find out some details.
Deputy Opposition Leader Tanya Plibersek asked: "Can the Prime Minister confirm whether Australia has approached Indonesia for a people swap deal or should we just wait and read about it in the Jakarta Post [newspaper]?"
Tony Abbott repeated the answer he gave to the media yesterday, saying: "What we are specifically talking about is how we can best handle the question of people who are picked up by Australia in the Indonesian search and rescue zone".
Opposition immigration spokesman Richard Marles followed up by asking for details about "a boat carrying Somali asylum seekers that arrived on Monday evening in Darwin".
Mr Morrison responded with an explanation about why he would not provide Parliament with an answer.
"This Government is not running a shipping news service for people smugglers," he said.
To give an answer that is simply saying they have a media strategy to not do that completely undermines the importance of Question Time and ministerial responsibility. Labor frontbencher Tony Burke
"As promised, we are running a military-led border security operation."
Labor frontbencher Tony Burke protested, saying that answering questions in Parliament was "the fundamental of why we are here".
"To give an answer that is simply saying they have a media strategy to not do that completely undermines the importance of Question Time and ministerial responsibility," he said.
But the minister argued that providing information publicly - outside of the weekly briefing - would be used by people smugglers to continue their trade.
"The information that was provided by the previous government to provide a proof of voyage. It can also be used to decipher the posture of border protection assets. It can be used to identify potential client pools, especially when nationalities are referred to," Mr Morrison said.
"Now, Madam Speaker, I am not going to be part of a process as a minister that helps people smugglers.
"We are going to hold the line."
Less time for debate in Question Time
The Government has also pushed through new House standing orders shortening the time available for policy debate and scrapping the use of supplementary questions in Question Time.
And new Speaker Bronwyn Bishop - who this morning ruled that it was acceptable for MPs to refer to Opposition Leader Bill Shorten as 'Electricity Bill' - has been given the power to rule on whether MPs are being misrepresented, instead of MPs themselves levelling the accusation.
"I think all sides of the House are sick of that pantomime," Leader of the House Christopher Pyne told Parliament.
"To remove that so that the Speaker will be able to decide that it is disorderly if a misrepresentation has been corrected, for it to be continuously made - I think that will improve the atmosphere of the chamber."
But Labor's Mr Burke says the Government is trying to silence MPs and "censor" political views.
"This automatically involves the Speaker in making a political judgement call on the merits of an argument," he said.
Independent MP Bob Katter says the Coalition is bent on stopping outbreaks of dissent on its own benches.
"You are trying to muzzle your backbench and people on this side of the House," he said of the Abbott Government.
Greens MP Adam Bandt says some of the achievements of the previous parliament - including protection for whistleblowers and the framing of the national debate on gay marriage - only came about because MPs were given time to debate the issues.
"Tony Abbott intends to turn Parliament back into a closed shop," he said.
Bandt refers to Abbott as 'Typhoon Tony'
The term 'Electricity Bill', coined by the Prime Minister, has not been heard again in the chamber since Mr Pyne used it this morning and Mrs Bishop ruled it in order, triggering an Opposition dissent motion that failed on party lines.
The House Standing Orders state that "a Member shall not be referred to by name" and that "a Member must not use offensive words against ... a Member".
Making a point of the Speaker's ruling during Question Time, Mr Bandt referred to the Prime Minister as "Typhoon Tony" without protest.
However, Health Minister Peter Dutton was forced to withdraw his direct use of the given name of Deputy Opposition Leader Tanya Plibersek. That was deemed unparliamentary.
Topics: federal-parliament, parliament, government-and-politics, australia
First posted
Bayern Munich star Toni Kroos has spoken on the speculation surrounding his future.
Toni Kroos has finally spoken out of the speculation surrounding his future and it's not good news as far as Manchester United fans are concerned.
The Bayern Munich midfielder took to Facebook to reveal he's happy at the German and European giants and while he confirmed he hasn't reached a contract agreement with Bayern, he doesn't see it as a major issue.
“Hey guys, in the last few days much has been written - speculation about my future in sports. But you should not believe what is written. The fact is that I am very happy to play at Bayern,” he said.
“The fact is also that we could not agree on a new contract. However, since this runs until 2015, is also not a big problem and we will see what the future brings.”
Stories were flying around last month that David Moyes was trying to sign the 24-year-old as his second major midfield addition in January following the arrival of Juan Mata from Chelsea.
A £25 million fee was raised in reports, something that United could afford and a fee which also linked other clubs such as Chelsea and Arsenal with potential moves for the midfielder.
So where does the situation go now?
Kroos' comments suggest that he's not majorly concerned about contract talks, probably expecting negotiations to pick up again at some point before the end of the season or after the World Cup in the summer.
It would be surprising if Bayern boss Pep Guardiola decided to kick Kroos out of the exit door because he's been an integral part of a successful side over the last couple of seasons, helping Bayern to a Bundesliga and Champions League title last year.
He's effectively told it like it is; the newspaper gossip is speculation and a failure to agree a new contract beyond 2015 doesn't mean he's instantly going to leave.
image: © jiazi
A Great Dane is helping the Co Clare family of a three year-old girl with epilepsy to respond to her frequent seizures.
Charlie the dog can detect the onset of a seizure for Brianna Lynch 20 minutes before the start of the episode.
Brianna suffers from different forms of epileptic seizures, many of which happen at night.
When Charlie detects that Brianna is about to have a seizure he will hold her gently against a wall until someone comes to help her.
Brianna's mother Arabella Scanlan describes the dog's sixth sense, which it has acquired without any training, as “amazing”.
“It is frightening because her seizures tend to happen at night. I don't tend to sleep very well because I am conscious of what might happen.
“For Brianna's first seizure, she got very stiff and stopped breathing. She was resuscitated twice in the hospital. She went blue and stopped breathing. I didn't know what a seizure was and what was happening to her,” Ms Scanlan explains.
“She is quite a complex child: she forgets to breathe and then goes into seizure. She has gone through eight different types of medicine and it now looks like she needs brain surgery.”
You learn to live with it. “A lot of her seizures are at night. You will know by the way she is breathing if you can't hear here, she is gone into seizure. “She is never out of anyone's sight on a 24 hour basis.
“We had incidents where she falls to the floor and hits her head so you have to be mindful of that,” she adds.
Her four other children Farrah (17), Harry (15), Mia (13) and Rose (11) and her husband, Brian, are aware medication has to be administered to Brianna within two minutes of any seizure.
“Charlie is so sensitive to her needs, if the other dogs get boisterous, he will stand by her side to ensure she doesn't get knocked over. We know when he is acting strange, she is going to have a seizure,” she says.
Ms Scanlan has now joined forces with Deirdre Cullinan from Ahane, whose daughter, Mia (3) is also being treated for epilepsy, to raise € 18,000 to purchase a new Ambulatory EEG machine that has been sanctioned by the University Hospital, Limerick (UHL).
The two women met in UHL while their daughters were getting treatment and are on a mission to buy this machine.
Ms Scanlan is hosting a Fun Ride with the help of the East Clare Harriers Hunt this Sunday, October 13th, starting at noon at Smith O'Brien's GAA field.
Acknowledging that times are tough for people, she is seeking donations no matter how small on the day.
With one in 115 people suffering from epilepsy, the EEG machine will benefit a large number of children in the mid-west.
The mobile recording unit can be worn for 24 hours, which significantly increases the chance of identifying the area of the brain where a seizure is happening.
With a brain's electrical activity fluctuating from second to second, routine EEG's only provide a 20 to 40 minute sample of this activity. There is only one EEG ambulatory machine in Dublin, which has a large waiting list.
BEAST launches independent music label B2ST Music in Japan and releases the lyric video for their first track, “ONE.”
After holding a press conference last March 16th to celebrate their 5th anniversary in Japan, BEAST also announced the launch of independent music label B2ST Music, which will be in charge of their promotions in the country.
According to BEAST, B2ST Music will be a label maintained by the group along with a number of producers and songwriters. Member Junhyung will be spearheading the label as main producer as he takes charge of the group's musical direction and influences.
This will be the first time that a Korean artist will be promoting in Japan on a company launched by the members.
To aid their launch, BEAST will be releasing one track every month for the next ten months and will be releasing a total of ten tracks until December. After which, the members will be holding concert tours and promotions which are scheduled to take place in all major cities in Japan starting in May.
The first track for the month of March is titled “One” and was released through iTunes, while a lyric video displaying the sentimental upbeat track was also released earlier today.
Lastly, BEAST revealed that they aimed to establish an independent label so they can find a more efficient way to get to closer to their Japanese fans and promises to present good tracks and experiences.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzV329JZy1s
Source: TopStarNews
MONTREAL — The Canadiens are travelling well this season, and that's good news as they hit the road to play the Minnesota Wild Friday (8 p.m., RDS, TSN Radio 690) and the Colorado Avalanche on Saturday (10 p.m., CBC, RDS, TSN Radio 690).
The Canadiens, who had the day off Wednesday, finished the first month of the season with an 8-5-0 record and are 4-1 on the road after beating the New York Rangers 2-0 with a perfect road game Monday.
The Canadiens also played a pretty good road game Tuesday when they edged the Dallas Stars 2-1, but that effort might not have been appreciated by some Montreal fans because it was played at home.
Then again, it was a win, and the Canadiens have struggled a bit at the Bell Centre. After a successful Western Canada trip, the Canadiens won only two games on a five-game homestand and their overall record at the Bell Centre stands at 4-4-0.
If you want to know the secret to the Canadiens's success this season, it can be found in the statistics.
The goaltending has been outstanding, but as Carey Price and Peter Budaj will tell you they get a lot of help from their teammates.
The Canadiens have been outshot by an average margin of 32-30 and rank 22nd in the National Hockey League in shots allowed. But the Canadiens are No. 1 in blocking shots, with 243 blocks this season, and three players are among the top 30 in that category. Josh Gorges has blocked 39 shots, second to the New York Islanders' Andrew MacDonald, who has 42. Andrei Markov ranks ninth with 32 blocked shots and Raphael Diaz is 27th with 25.
“They make our job easier,” said Price, who noted the Canadiens have had more blocked shots than saves in each of their two wins this week.
That's not to say the goaltenders haven't been pulling their weight.
Price and Budaj have a combined 1.77 goals-against average, which ranks fourth in the NHL.
After struggling last season, Price has reclaimed a spot among the NHL's elite and seems to be a certain bet for a berth on Team Canada at the Sochi Olympics. He ranks sixth in save percentage at .939 and has a 2.02 goals-against average.
Budaj, who is hoping to back up Jaroslav Halak for Slovakia at the Olympics, hasn't played enough games to be included among the NHL leaders, but he has won both of his starts while posting a 0.50 goals-against average and a .982 save percentage.
The Canadiens are in the middle of the pack offensively, but they have averaged a respectable 2.85 goals a game despite missing Max Pacioretty for eight games with a strained hamstring. Pacioretty is skating again and could be back in the lineup next week.
There will probably be one lineup change up front for the Minnesota game with George Parros playing for the first time since suffering a concussion in the season opener. Parros accompanied the team to New York on Monday, but didn't play. The Canadiens sent a signal that Parros was ready when they returned Patrick Holland to the American Hockey League's Hamilton Bulldogs after Tuesday's game.
With back-to-back games, coach Michel Therrien will use both goaltenders. Look for Budaj to get the call in Colorado. He played six seasons there, from 2005 to 2011, and was the Avalanche's No. 1 goalie for three of those seasons.
After Saudi-led coalition seals stricken country's borders, aid agencies caution that deliveries of food and medicine are critical for population's survival
Humanitarian groups and the UN have urged the Saudi-led coalition to reopen aid channels into Yemen, after a decision to seal the stricken country's air, sea and land borders.
The UN described the closure of aid channels as “catastrophic”. Food, medicine and other essential supplies are “critical for the survival” of the country's 27 million population, weakened by war, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) added. Yemen is in the grip of the world's worst cholera outbreak and 7 million people are already on the brink of famine.
Yemen reels under the weight of brutal cholera outbreak – in pictures Read more
The coalition said on Monday it would close the borders to stem the flow of arms from Iran, after it intercepted a missile attack by Houthi rebels near the international airport in Riyadh, the Saudi capital. Iran has denied supplying the missiles. Humanitarian operations, including UN aid flights, are blocked because the air and seaports, including Hodeidah, where most aid is delivered, are closed.
The UN reported it was not permitted flight clearance for two humanitarian flights bound for Yemen on Monday. A Red Cross shipment of chlorine tablets, to prevent cholera, was not allowed in at the country's northern border, the ICRC said. Medical supplies, including insulin, are expected.
Yemen has been named the UN's number one humanitarian crisis.
“We hear reports this morning that prices of cooking gas and petrol for cars and so on [are] already spiralling out of control,” Jens Laerke, from the UN office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs, told a news briefing. “So this is an access problem of colossal dimensions.”
Johan Mooij, Yemen director of Care International, said: “For the last two days, nothing has got in or out of the country. Fuel prices have gone up by 50% and there are queues at the gas stations. People fear no more fuel will come into Hodeidah port.”
He explained that food insecurity was helping cholera to spread. “People depend on the humanitarian aid and part of the cholera issue [is] that they do not eat and are not strong enough to deal with unclean water.”
There have also been “daily airstrikes” in Sana'a, he said, adding: “People fear the situation is escalating.”
Robert Mardini, ICRC's regional director for the near and Middle East, said: “Insulin cannot wait at a shuttered border since it must be kept refrigerated. Without a quick solution to the closure, the humanitarian consequences will be dire.”
Mardini said he was also concerned at the “steadily growing” number of civilian casualties and the targeting of non-military infrastructure, such as water treatment plants and civilian airports. “Such actions are in violation of international humanitarian law,” he said.
UN moves to blacklist Saudi coalition for violations against children in Yemen Read more
The war is between the Houthi rebels, who are allied with former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, and forces loyal to another president, Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, who was ousted by the Houthis. Saudi Arabia has led a military intervention since 2015 to counter the advance of the Houthis, and aims to reinstate Hadi.
Both the coalition and rebels have been criticised by the UN for blocking aid to civilians.
Rupert Colville, a spokesman from the UN high commissioner for human rights, told Reuters the agency would study whether the blockade amounted to “collective punishment”, unlawful under international law, and said he hoped it would be temporary.
The agency has expressed concern over a series of recent attacks on markets and homes that have killed scores of civilians, including children.
Last month, the UN put the coalition on a draft of its blacklist for killing and maiming 683 children during the conflict in 2016 and for carrying out 38 verified attacks on schools and hospitals.
Owners of earthquake-damaged homes can claim a defence against litigation from September 4.
The Residential Advisory Service (Ras) is telling earthquake claimants to get in before it is too late.
Some insurers can claim their Limitations Act defence against litigation as of September 4.
A Ras spokesman said claimants still dealing with EQC should contact their private insurer if there was even a chance their claim could go over cap.
IAIN MCGREGOR/STUFF Earthquake insurance lawyer Peter Woods.
"The thing that I'm most concerned about is those homeowners who might just have a remedial claim with EQC, so they've had some repairs done, but they've got some concerns around those repairs, they should also contact their insurer."
READ MORE:
* Canterbury earthquakes Residential Advisory Service extended to end of 2017
* Cash-strapped insurance service gets $50,000 Christchurch council grant
* 'Strong demand' for earthquake insurance service continues
Insurers have a defence against litigation that starts later than six years after the insured event, in this case the first Canterbury earthquake in September 2010.
All insurers voluntarily extended their limitation period from September 2016 to September 2017.
Southern Response has extended to September 4, 2018, and IAG extended to June 30, 2018.
Annette Purvis, disaster recovery unit general manager at IAG – the company with the most private claims from the Canterbury earthquakes – said the company preferred to settle claims outside of litigation.
"Limitation Act Defence means that should a customer issue proceedings against IAG on or after 1 July 2018 that IAG will raise the Limitations Act as a defence in the proceedings."
Tower has stated its interpretation of the law was that the six-year period applies from the time a claim was settled or rejected, rather than from the date of the original incident.
"I actually think Tower's position on the limitation period is probably right," earthquake insurance lawyer Peter Woods said.
"There is a risk the other insurers will say different, and if they're right, it's fatal," he said.
"We expect that many hundreds, if not thousands, of homeowners in Canterbury are affected."
Woods wrote to the Insurance Council earlier this year, requesting that insurers agree to defer their Limitations Act defence until at least 12 months after EQC notified a claim as over cap.
Insurance Council chief executive Tim Grafton replied, saying the council could not agree to the proposal because the member companies had different approaches to the issue.
"We would encourage all homeowners with unsettled claims to be in close contact with their insurer to understand that insurer's precise position on limitation periods and how that may affect the circumstances of their particular claim, rather than file proceedings first."
What is arguably America's least-well-placed nuclear power plant is leaking radiation into the sea.
The University of Miami has found that the Turkey Point Nuclear Power Plant, located just south of Miami, has caused levels of tritium, a radioactive isotope, in Biscayne Bay to spike to 200-times higher than normal levels.
"This is one of several things we were very worried about," South Miami Mayor Philip Stoddard, who is also a biological sciences professor at Florida International University, told the Miami New Times. "You would have to work hard to find a worse place to put a nuclear plant, right between two national parks and subject to hurricanes and storm surge."
Turkey Point came online in the early 1970s; it supplies power to more than one million homes in South Florida. The new study blames the leaks on the reactor's cooling canals, which were recently found to have caused a massive underground saltwater plume to migrate west, threatening a wellfield that supplies drinking water to the Florida Keys.
Critics alleged the canals began running too hot and salty after Florida Power and Light (FPL), which operates the plant, overhauled two reactors to produce more power, the Miami Herald reports. A judge already recently found that FPL had failed to prevent hundreds of thousands of gallons of wastewater from seeping into the bay.
Advertisement
Mayor Stoddard argues the new study might point to violations of the federal Clean Water Act, and says only two solutions are viable: Building new cooling towers to replace the canals or shutting down the plant, the New Times reports.
"There's a certain validation to critics in seeing this result in the study," he says, "but more importantly, it's now crossed the threshold of federal law here."
Turkey Point is not the sole leaky plant in America. Last month, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo acknowledged that the state's Indian Point Nuclear facility was leaking tritium into groundwater. Meanwhile, The Vermont Department of Health has noted ongoing investigations into leaks at Vermont Yankee since 2010, while New York's FitzPatrick Plant has been “plagued by water leaks” in 2014, Gizmodo notes.
Advertisement
FPL is not responding to requests for comment.
Rob covers business, economics and the environment for Fusion. He previously worked at Business Insider. He grew up in Chicago.
Militant Islam has come a long way since it first raised its intimidating black flag around the turn of this century, thereby announcing the arrival of Osama bin Laden's unique brand of terrorism. Back then, al-Qaeda's supporters were seen as a rag-tag bunch of cave-dwelling Islamist fanatics who used their bases in some of the world's more inhospitable regions to plot their campaign of violence against the West.
Whether operating in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen or Somalia, al-Qaeda' s dedicated band of ideologically driven extremists was always regarded as occupying the lunatic fringe of the Muslim world, and was avoided by more traditional followers of the Islamic faith.
The creation of an independent Islamic state based on the rule of Sharia law was a cardinal tenet of the al-Qaeda agenda, even though few in the Arab world ever believed bin Laden's group could achieve that dream, particularly after it became the prime focus of America's military might. Within months of the September 11 attacks in 2001, al-Qaeda's infrastructure had been destroyed by the West's initial military intervention in Afghanistan, with bin Laden and his followers forced to flee into exile.
It was a rout from which the organisation never really recovered. While the original al-Qaeda diehards continued with attempts to conduct terror attacks against Western targets, by the end of the last decade the group had become largely irrelevant to the wider Islamist cause, a predicament that deepened with bin Laden's dramatic demise at his Abbottabad lair in 2011.
These days al-Qaeda's isolation is so pronounced that Ayman Zawahiri, bin Laden's Egyptian-born heir and al-Qaeda's current leader, cuts a remote and impotent figure, reduced to issuing hand-written missives that are, for the most part, roundly ignored by the new generation of jihadis who have undertaken their own radical rebranding of bin Laden's malign ideology.
Indeed, the sudden emergence of the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS), the group now spreading terror throughout large tracts of Iraq, can be traced back to a bitter falling out earlier this year between its leaders and Zawahiri after he wrote to them complaining that the brutality of the tactics they regularly employed in the Syrian conflict – public beheadings, crucifixions, floggings and stoning – was threatening to damage the al-Qaeda brand.
This might sound a bit rich coming from someone who has no qualms about authorising suicide bombers to kill innocent civilians. But the rift culminated with Zawahiri denouncing the ISIS as a renegade band that waged war against fellow Muslims through its campaign of car bombings, mass killing and the widespread torture of its own citizens.
Al-Qaeda map: Isis, Boko Haram and other affiliates' strongholds across Africa and Asia
The quarrel certainly helps to illustrate the more radical agenda being pursued by this new generation of jihadis who, in their determination to achieve the elusive Islamist goal of establishing their own independent state, have adopted tactics so brutal that even bin Laden die-hards regard them as being beyond the pale.
Their uncompromising outlook is clearly evident in the Islamic code ISIS issued yesterday to the remaining inhabitants of Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, which has now fallen under their control following their dramatic sweep through the north of the country earlier this week.
The instructions bear a striking resemblance to the rulebook that was implemented in Afghanistan following its takeover by the Taliban in the Nineties. Under the edict “repent or die”, local tribal chiefs and the security forces have been ordered to renounce all contact with the democratically elected government in Baghdad on pain of death. Many captured Iraqis have already been subjected to mass beheadings and crucifixions to encourage others to lay down their arms.
Other residents have been instructed to attend the mosque five times a day for prayers while all alcohol, drugs and cigarettes have been banned. Women are being encouraged not to venture outside, and to dress in modest clothing that covers their flesh when they do. Punishments, such as flogging and the amputation of limbs, will be implemented for any transgressions in the “special places” ISIS plans to set up for acts of repentance.
While to Western eyes such practices threaten to return Iraq to the dark ages, the architects of this creed believe they are on a divine mission to return the Arab world to the glorious era of the Islamic caliphate.
Nor is it just the fanaticism of this new breed of Islamic warriors that distinguishes them from the previous bin Laden generation. At its height, al-Qaeda was little more than a motley collection of terror cells, which often operated independently of each other. It could, on occasion, mount spectacular terrorist attacks, such as blowing up the American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998 and orchestrating the July 7 bombings in London in 2005, but it never possessed the manpower, firepower and discipline to establish its own independent fiefdom.
But new Islamist groups like the ISIS are battle-hardened and have gained vital experience as a result of their participation in the brutal civil war taking place across the border in Syria, where its fighters have joined other Islamist groups battling to overthrow the Assad regime. Until recently they had hoped their efforts would result in the creation of an Islamic state in liberated areas of northern Syria, where an estimated 500 British jihadists are believed to have volunteered to fight with the rebels.
But recent gains by pro-Assad forces, which have received backing from Russia and Iran, have made that prospect less likely, and encouraged ISIS to redirect its efforts across the border in Iraq, where the deep resentment many Sunnis feel towards the Shia-dominated government of Nouri al-Maliki, the Iraqi prime minister, has made the Sunni tribes more inclined to support their radical co-religionists.
Mr al-Maliki certainly deserves the lion's share of the blame for the perilous state in which his country now finds itself. When the Shia leader came to power in 2006, one of his first tasks was to encourage disaffected Sunnis and Kurds to reconcile their differences with Baghdad and help to rebuild the country after the tyranny of the Saddam Hussein era. A degree of progress was made in that direction while British and American forces remained in the country to maintain pressure on Mr al-Maliki to act.
But when Barack Obama, frustrated by Mr al-Maliki's refusal to give American troops immunity from prosecution in Iraqi courts, ordered the withdrawal of all remaining American troops by 2011, the pressure was off, and rather than attempting to reconcile his differences with the Sunnis, the Iraqi leader forged closer ties with Iran, the region's Shia superpower (which may have already sent troops into the country).
Not surprisingly, this only intensified feelings of alienation among the Sunni tribes, with the result that tribal leaders who only seven years ago supported efforts by the US-led coalition to destroy al-Qaeda in Iraq are now encouraging their attempts to establish an independent state, even if it is one that is based on an extreme interpretation of Sunni doctrine.
The events of the past week, together with the very real threat ISIS fighters now pose to Baghdad, is certainly at odds with Mr Obama's assertion, made in a speech at the Fort Bragg military base in North Carolina when the last US combat forces returned home, that the US was leaving behind a “sovereign, stable and self-reliant” Iraq.
Less than three years later, Iraq is on the point of collapse, with the al-Maliki government unable to mount effective resistance against the Islamist fanatics making their way towards Baghdad, once the capital of the mighty Abbasid Caliphate. Their stated ambition is to storm the capital and restore it to its former Islamic glory. As an imam for the ISIS fighters remarked yesterday, Iraq has experimented with secular governments during the Ba'athist era, as well as during the monarchy that was overthrown in the Fifties. “Now the time has come for us to return the country to a truly Islamic state,” he said.
Whether the Islamist fighters succeed in their quest depends to a large degree on how Mr Obama responds to a crisis many of his critics believe is of his own making.
If the President agrees to Mr al-Maliki's request for military assistance, he will stand accused of having made a gross error of judgment in ordering the withdrawal of American forces in the first place. If he does nothing, then he risks allowing the establishment of a radical Islamist state in the heart of the Arab world, one that poses an existential threat to some of Washington's closest regional allies, such as Jordan and the Gulf states.
Whatever the outcome, no one now will be left in any doubt as to the potency of this new brand of radical Islamist ideology.
Microsoft released OneNote for Android tablets today with handwriting input, bringing Android users closer to the OneNote experience the company envisioned for the Microsoft Surface.
When the Surface Pro 3 was announced, OneNote figured significantly into the release. Microsoft's Panos Panay positioned the tablet as an effective digital inking device that even launches OneNote when users click the stylus. Once inside the app, users can mix and match typed notes and text, written annotations, audio, and images. And thanks to another update today, the Windows app can also import files such as PowerPoint documents and PDFs, as well as highlight text in notes and print them.
Many of these features have now been brought to the OneNote for Android tablet app.
The addition of handwriting support is long overdue. Suddenly OneNote for Android feels like OneNote. I downloaded the app onto our Galaxy Tab Pro, a large Android tablet with roughly the same dimensions of the Surface Pro 3 and a stylus to boot.
Microsoft The OneNote app for Android includes an Office-style ribbon. Unfortunately, to format text, you need to click the text, then the "Home" tab, then apply your edits.
You can't perform the wake-on-click-the-stylus trick—clicking the button on the Tab Pro's stylus brings up the familiar Samsung radial menu and nothing OneNote specific. But just the ability to type in a note, pull in an image, and then scrawl an inked note next to it is refreshing. You still can't import a PDF or PowerPoint presentation into the OneNote for Android app, but you can get around it with a quick snapshot or by exporting the files as JPEGs.
By bringing new capabilities to its standard apps on various platforms at different times (Microsoft recently updated its Mac and iOS versions of OneNote, as well), it feels a bit like watching a horse race run by Windows, the Mac, iPads and iPhones, Windows Phones, and Android devices. Personally, it's still frustrating to pull out a Lumia phablet and be forced to either type or dictate a quick note to myself because OneNote for Windows Phone hasn't yet implemented handwriting support.
We gave the Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro high marks for its productivity earlier this year, based on its large screen size and multi-window capability. Now, Microsoft has given the Tab Pro and its competitors an additional boost.
Microsoft's OneNote for Android is available now in the Google Play Store.
A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that Microsoft had upgraded OneNote for Android. It is a new app for Android tablets.
ROSS TOWNSHIP (KDKA) – Police arrested a North Hills man for breaking into a church — one day after he got out of jail for breaking into the same church.
Yesterday morning, police arrested Alex Zintchenko, 20, for burglarizing St. Sebastian Church on Siebert Road. Investigators said Zintchenko broke into the church, tried to steal some audio equipment and then tried to break into a safe that contained valuable religious artifacts.
Parish workers detained the suspect until police arrived and officers took Zintchenko to the Allegheny County Jail on charges of burglary and attempted theft.
Apparently, however, Zintchenko made bail overnight.
At 5:30am this morning, Ross Twp police officers responded to another break in at St. Sebastian.
But Ross Township Police Sgt. Ben Dripps told KDKA that the 20-year old got away by apparently stealing a car.
“A short time later,” Sgt. Dripps added, “Ross Township police were called to the Holiday Inn which is an adjoining property to the St. Sebastian's Church and School. Upon arrival there, we were informed that a vehicle had been stolen sometime within the last hour to two hours.”
According to police, Zintchenko took the car and drove it to his apartment. Police say they found the stolen car at his apartment and arrested Zintchenko.
At the time of his arrest, police say Zintchenko was carrying two speakers that apparently were stolen from the church yesterday.
Zintchenko is back in custody today.
By Brad Brooks and Lisandra Paraguassu
São Paulo/BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil's Supreme Court released explosive plea-bargain testimony on Friday accusing President Michel Temer, along with former presidents Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff, of receiving millions in bribes.
The testimony raises serious doubts about whether Temer, who replaced the impeached Rousseff last year, can maintain his grip on the presidency amid the string of corruption scandals that has engulfed vast swaths of Brazil's political class and business elites.
Austerity reforms pushed by Temer, who has denied any wrongdoing, are considered crucial to revive the economy of Latin America's biggest country, mired in its worst recession on record.
The bombshell revelations came from testimony given by executives at JBS SA , a meatpacking company that grew quickly through acquisitions funded by low-cost loans from Brazil's development bank during 13 years of government by Lula and Rousseff's leftist Workers Party.
The testimony implicates both ruling and opposition parties and indicates that Temer, a conservative, took 15 million reais ($4.6 million) in bribes from JBS, which ranks as the world's largest meat processor.
It also alleges that Lula, who is already facing five corruption trials, received $50 million in bribes in offshore accounts from JBS, while Rousseff took $30 million in bribes, also in offshore accounts.
Lawyers for Lula said he was innocent. A lawyer for Rousseff could not immediately be located, though the former leader has repeatedly said she has committed no corrupt acts.
The corruption scandals that have polarized Brazil center on political kickbacks in exchange for firms winning contracts at state-run enterprises, especially at oil company Petrobras .
They have led to over 90 convictions of businessmen and politicians and prompted the investigation of dozens of sitting congressmen and a third of Temer's cabinet.
Supreme Court Justice Edson Fachin wrote this week that an immediate investigation into Temer was required because the alleged criminal practices "are underway or about to occur."
Temer on Thursday, in a terse address to the nation, said he would not resign from the presidency.
His defiance came as the Supreme Court released an audio tape of him speaking with JBS Chairman Joesley Batista.
In the recording, secretly made by Batista in a March visit to Temer, the president appeared to condone the payment of hush money to former lower house speaker Eduardo Cunha, who last year orchestrated Rousseff's impeachment and was later convicted for corruption.
Many politicians fear that if Cunha should turn state's witness, his testimony could implicate scores of congressmen and members of the executive branch.
The constant march of indictments and new scandals has led to near paralysis in Brasilia, the capital, and led to widespread calls among Brazilians for new elections.
(Reporting by Brad Brooks in São Paulo and Lisandra Paraguassu in Brasilia; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Tom Brown)
Share This On Social
The implementation of the OPEC deal for reduction of oil yields reached its lowest levels in six months after several countries rose oil production. In this way, rebalancing of the market is delayed, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA). OPEC's deal plunged to 78% last month from 95% in May, after the larger than allowed production of Algeria, Ecuador, Gabon, Iraq, the UAE and Venezuela has overshadowed the strong performance from Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar and Angola.
“Every month, something seems to happen, which may increase doubts about the pace of the rebalancing process. This month there are two things: a dramatic recovery of oil production from Libya and Nigeria, and a lower rate of implementation by OPEC of its own mining agreement”, said IEA.
OPEC and several non-cartel countries, including Russia, agreed to reduce production to about 1.8 million barrels per day by the end of March 2018 to ease the global over-production caused by US production.
Libya and Nigeria were excluded from the deal because of the years of turbulence that cut their yields sharply. However, the both countries have managed to increase their total production by over 700,000 barrels per day in recent months.
“For the OPEC countries, which have agreed to lower 1.2 million barrels per day, see how nearly two-thirds of their mined extraction is replaced by another, is probably very disappointing, especially since their pact has been up to date with historic standards”, says IEA.
The deal stabilized oil at about 45-50 USD per barrel, but prices have been under new pressure in recent weeks due to higher US yields and the lack of strong evidence that global reserves have fallen to their record levels of more than 3 billion barrels. The IEA, which advises the industrialized countries on their energy policy, said strong demand growth in the second half of 2017 and 2018 should nevertheless accelerate the rebalancing of the market. The forecasts of the organization show that OPEC crude oil will grow steadily by the end of 2017 and will reach 33.6 million barrels per day in the fourth quarter, which represents 1 million barrels per day more than OPEC mining in June.
“If there is a strong performance of the OPEC deal, it will require a serious drop in reserves even if Libya and Nigeria continue to recover”, said the IEA.
The reserves in industrialized countries in May were 266 million barrels above 5-year average, compared to 300 million barrels in April. Preliminary data also show a modest decline in reserves in June. The agency also said that while non-OPEC producers such as the US, Canada and Brazil are returning steadily towards growth, the recent fall in oil prices may force some US producers to rethink their prospects.
The chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee submitted on Thursday an already-approved cybersecurity bill to be considered as an amendment to next year's National Defense Authorization Act.
If the amendment manages to stay intact as Congress prepares to approve the 2014 NDAA, Sen. Jay Rockefeller (D-West Virginia)'s Cybersecurity Act of 2013 may finally be codified into law.
Rockefeller's proposal, S.1353, was unanimously approved by the Commerce Committee in July but has stayed relatively dormant ever since. On Thursday he submitted that bill as an amendment to be considered as part of an annual Pentagon spending plan that could fast track his attempts to land his proposal on President Barack Obama's desk after attempts in Congress to adopt cybersecurity legislation have largely proven to be futile.
In a statement made by Rockefeller that circulated earlier this week, the 75-year-old senator suggested that the time is now upon Congress to finally enact a bill that would mandate precautions be taken to protect America's cyber infrastructure and the private entities attached to it amid ongoing reports of high-powered attacks aimed at the likes of government computers and the networks of critical services.
“The Commerce Committee took action months ago and unanimously passed this bipartisan bill that will improve the nation's cybersecurity. But it's been sitting on the sidelines for too long and there's too much at stake to not look for every opportunity to pass it in the Senate,” Rockefeller said in a statement first published on Wednesday by John Eggerton at Multichannel News. “So I'm introducing that legislation as an amendment to the Defense Authorization bill and imploring my colleagues to join me in supporting this effort.”
According to Rockefeller, his bill “creates an environment that will cultivate the public-private partnerships essential to strengthening our nation's cybersecurity.” When it was first introduced in the Senate earlier this year, the Commerce Committee said passage of the bill would “Formalize cybersecurity as one of [National Institute of Standards and Technology]'s priority areas of focus” and “create a NIST-facilitated, industry-driven process for developing a set of voluntary cybersecurity standards for critical infrastructure.” At the time it received endorsements from the likes of AT&T, Verizon, Motorola Solutions, the Electric and Nuclear Power Coalition, IBM and the US Chamber of Congress.
“I've always thought this was a great way to emphasize the critical need for a public-private approach when it comes to solving our most pressing cybersecurity issues,” Rockefeller said then.
Since Congress will need to approve a version of the NDAA in order to authorize the Pentagon's funding for the next fiscal year, the addition of Rockefeller's bill as an amendment ensures that it will at least be considered by his colleagues for passage in the coming weeks, setting the stage for lawmakers to finally let a cybersecurity bill of this capacity become codified.
In 2012, attempts in Congress to pass the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, or CISPA, ultimately failed due largely in part to a major public campaign that condemned the would-be law due to allegations that it would erode privacy on the web by encouraging the growth of a public-private partnership between internet companies and the federal government.
Proponents of CISPA, including then-Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta, said at the time that America was at a “pre-9/11 moment” and warned that a “Cyber-Pearl Harbor that would cause physical destruction and the loss of life” could soon occur on American soil if the country's critical infrastructure and top-tier businesses weren't obligated to come together and share information about potential hacks waged at US networks.
The architects of CISPA have since reintroduced their bill, and Pres. Obama signed an executive order in February that mandated administration officials to come up with standards to reduce cybersecurity risks and encourage companies to adopt the new framework.
“We know hackers steal people's identities and infiltrate private e-mail,”Obama said after signing the order in February.“We know foreign countries and companies swipe our corporate secrets. Now our enemies are also seeking the ability to sabotage our power grid, our financial institutions, and our air traffic control systems.”
North Carolina is the latest state to pass legislation making it illegal for men and boys who pose as females to use women's shower rooms and restrooms throughout the state.
The bill, passed with unanimous support from Republicans and signed into law by the Governor, also makes it illegal for municipalities to pass so-called non-discrimination bills aimed at advancing the transsexual agenda.
The bill came in response to such a law passed recently in Charlotte. That effort was led by a homosexual man who was later revealed to be a sex offender required to register yearly. When Breitbart News broke the story nationally, Chad Sevearance stepped down from his lead role at the gay chamber of commerce.
The North Carolina bill passed Wednesday after a day of often emotional testimony. Chloe Jefferson, a junior at a Christian school told lawmakers, “Girls like me should never be made to shower and undress in front of boys.”
There is a great deal of confusion about transgenderism. Advocates argue that people are “assigned” a gender at birth, an “assignment” that may not comport with their eventual “gender identity” or “gender expression” which could include up more than 58 possibilities, according to Facebook, including something called “gender non-binary” where someone believes he is neither male nor female.
According to a statement released this week by the American College of Pediatricians, the transgender ideology is actually a form of child abuse. The statement cites studies that show children who are gender confused need psychological help and that nearly all of them straighten out by their mid-twenties.
The College points out that giving a child hormone treatment to halt puberty is highly dangerous.
Dr. Paul McHugh, former head of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins University, who closed the transgender surgery center at the venerable institution, says transsexual surgery is dangerous, does not turn men into woman and that those who undergo such surgery end up as unhappy or more unhappy than before their castration.
Both McHugh and the College point to the vastly higher rate of suicides among those who have gone through castration surgery, even in such “trans-friendly” countries as Sweden.
Walt Heyer, a business executive who lived for eight years as a woman, after undergoing castration, now regrets what he did. He now lives as a man and runs a website called Sex Change Regret that is full of stories from men and women just like him who were taken in by the notion that they were born with the wrong sex.
Powerful forces are now circling around North Carolina and threatening to do harm to the State's economy. Mark Benihoff, of the cloud computing company SalesForce that has a market capitalization of $48 billion is organizing other CEOs to hurt North Carolina. He has announced he is joining forces with Bank of America that is the country's second largest bank and is headquartered in Charlotte. Benihoff is running a similar take-down in Georgia where a similar bill was passed over the veto of the governor.
The Disney Company and Marvel are threatening Georgia with not filming in the state because of the law. Similar to what they did in Arizona over a religious freedom bill, the NFL is also threatening Georgia with not getting the Super Bowl any time soon.
One of the common features of politics in general, and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in particular, is the way in which rumour and misinformation are constantly transmitted within incestuous circles of like-minded partisans until they become accepted as fact by those who want to believe. In the intelligence community the various elements of this vicious circle of inaccuracy are known as RUMINT (“rumour intelligence”), circular reporting (whereby stories gain apparently credibility as they circulate, ultimately being used to “confirm” their own veracity), and confirmation bias (when analysts prioritize information that fits their own preconceptions).
The refugee issue is no exception. We've already seen the case of the booby-trapped UNRWA clinic that turned out to not be an UNRWA clinic at all. Now, courtesy of the never-very-reliable Algemeiner, we have the accusation that bags of “UNRWA cement” are being found in Hamas “terror tunnels”:
…the UN group also ignored one finding this week, where bags of cement marked UNRWA, the UN arm that manages schools and other institutions in Gaza, inside a terror tunnel.
It has also reported that “Hamas in Gaza is using UNRWA equipment to dig its longest tunnels under Israeli territory.” There is even a photo to prove the accusation (left). These claims have now been repeated on dozens of partisan websites, and circulated even more widely on social media.
The problem, of course, is that the sacks in question are not bags of UN cement, nor did the IDF (who first circulated the picture) ever claim that they were. Rather, they are bags that once contained rice or flour, which someone has reused to carry dirt during tunnel construction. And what about the “UNRWA equipment”? Well, it turns out those are empty bags too.
With almost half the population of Gaza receiving some form supplementary or emergency food from UNRWA and WFP, these kinds of bags are ubiquitous in Gaza. As you might expect in a besieged economy, Gaza is also a place where pretty much everything is recycled.
There have been other efforts to somehow link UNRWA to Hamas tunnels. Some have suggested that the limited amounts of cement sent into Gaza for UN aid projects was diverted by Hamas. This is unlikely, however. Until 2013 up to 90% of Gaza's cement supply came in from Egypt through smuggling tunnels, with the price dropping as low as $140/ton. Hamas' requirements for the construction of military fortifications would have been only a small proportion of total imports into Gaza for civilian purposes and would have been easily purchased locally. Indeed, cement for UN projects was probably the least likely to be diverted since its importation and use was controlled and audited—a point apparently lost on critics.
The massive damage caused to Palestinian homes and other civilian infrastructure by Israeli military action during the current conflict will require substantial reconstruction efforts. As UNRWA spokesperson Chris Gunness has noted:
More evidence of damage/destruction of #Gaza homes: 238,097 IDPs now in 90 UNRWA schools, an increase today of 16,543 as people return RT — Chris Gunness (@ChrisGunness) August 9, 2014
Repairing & rebuilding public infrastructure in #Gaza; water, sewage & electricity is an urgent priority Without it people cannot go home RT — Chris Gunness (@ChrisGunness) August 9, 2014
#Gaza's catastrophic human displacement crisis is morphing into housing crisis of epic proportions with homes 65,000 people destroyed RT — Chris Gunness (@ChrisGunness) August 9, 2014
Huge swathes of #Gaza have been levelled. We cannot rebuild it with our hands tied behind our backs. The blockade must end RT — Chris Gunness (@ChrisGunness) August 9, 2014
The last 7 years have shown that #Gaza reconstruction under blockade is unsustainable RT — Chris Gunness (@ChrisGunness) August 9, 2014
It will also require cement. And here the picture is now bleaker than ever.
Since 2013, the closure of tunnels by Egypt has made smuggling much more difficult, especially for high-bulk, low-cost items like cement. Israel has been alarmed by Hamas' effective use of tunnels in the current conflict, and has indicated that it will link future cement supplies via Israel to the disarmament of Hamas. In doing so it will deliberately hold the civilian population hostage to the behaviour of combatants they cannot control. Hamas, for its part, will not voluntarily disarm, thereby also placing its military strategy ahead of the needs of Gaza's people.
And, throughout all this, the myth of UN “terror cement” will live on in the partisan echo-chambers of the internet.
UPDATE – 16 September 2014
In its latest report to the Ad Hoc Liaison Committee (representing the international donor community), the office of the UN Special Coordinator addresses the issue (emphasis added):
41) The network of physical structures for civilian life in the Gaza Strip was already inadequate before the conflict. There was for example an estimated shortfall of 71,000 housing units and 250 schools. Israeli restrictions on the import of construction material were reintroduced in October 2013 after the Israeli Defence Forces (IDF) uncovered a mile-long tunnel from the Gaza Strip into Israel constructed with slabs of concrete.68 After this incident, virtually all construction projects, including UN projects, were suspended – even though materials imported under UN auspices have not been diverted from their exclusively civilian purpose. Subsequently, all but $11.6 million worth of previously approved UN works have resumed. A further $105 million worth of new UN works are awaiting approval by the Israeli authorities. Preliminary assessments of war destruction suggest that 26 schools were totally destroyed, and 223 schools and 11 higher education facilities were damaged, while 75 hospitals, clinics and health centres also suffered damage. In addition, 13 per cent of the housing stock was affected, with 18,000 housing units totally destroyed or severely damaged and 14,000 partially damaged. While temporary housing solutions need to be found for the estimated more than 108,000 internally displaced persons who have been left homeless, reconstruction is the main longer-term priority.69 42) During the conflict, the IDF uncovered and destroyed an extensive tunnel network extending from the Gaza Strip into several points in Israel, constructed by Hamas with materials smuggled into the Gaza Strip. No party has claimed, and there is no evidence, that materials imported under UN auspices have been diverted from their exclusively civilian purpose. It must also be said that the effort and resources devoted by Hamas to construct this network in order to launch attacks against Israel is unacceptable.
Heather Mac Donald
Manhattan Institute Heather Mac Donald is the Thomas W. Smith Fellow at the Manhattan Institute and a contributing editor of City Journal. She earned a B.A. from Yale University, an M.A. in English from Cambridge University, and a J.D. from Stanford Law School. She writes for several newspapers and periodicals, including The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, The New Criterion, and Public Interest, and is the author of four books, including The War on Cops: How The New Attack on Law and Order Makes Everyone Less Safe and The Diversity Delusion: How Race and Gender Pandering Corrupt the University and Undermine Our Culture (forthcoming September 2018).
The following is adapted from a speech delivered on April 27, 2016, at Hillsdale College's Allan P. Kirby, Jr. Center for Constitutional Studies and Citizenship in Washington, D.C., as part of the AWC Family Foundation Lecture Series.
For almost two years, a protest movement known as “Black Lives Matter” has convulsed the nation. Triggered by the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in August 2014, the Black Lives Matter movement holds that racist police officers are the greatest threat facing young black men today. This belief has triggered riots, “die-ins,” the murder and attempted murder of police officers, a campaign to eliminate traditional grand jury proceedings when police use lethal force, and a presidential task force on policing.
Even though the U.S. Justice Department has resoundingly disproven the lie that a pacific Michael Brown was shot in cold blood while trying to surrender, Brown is still venerated as a martyr. And now police officers are backing off of proactive policing in the face of the relentless venom directed at them on the street and in the media. As a result, violent crime is on the rise.
The need is urgent, therefore, to examine the Black Lives Matter movement's central thesis—that police pose the greatest threat to young black men. I propose two counter hypotheses: first, that there is no government agency more dedicated to the idea that black lives matter than the police; and second, that we have been talking obsessively about alleged police racism over the last 20 years in order to avoid talking about a far larger problem—black-on-black crime.
Let's be clear at the outset: police have an indefeasible obligation to treat everyone with courtesy and respect, and to act within the confines of the law. Too often, officers develop a hardened, obnoxious attitude. It is also true that being stopped when you are innocent of any wrongdoing is infuriating, humiliating, and sometimes terrifying. And needless to say, every unjustified police shooting of an unarmed civilian is a stomach-churning tragedy.
Given the history of racism in this country and the complicity of the police in that history, police shootings of black men are particularly and understandably fraught. That history informs how many people view the police. But however intolerable and inexcusable every act of police brutality is, and while we need to make sure that the police are properly trained in the Constitution and in courtesy, there is a larger reality behind the issue of policing, crime, and race that remains a taboo topic. The problem of black-on-black crime is an uncomfortable truth, but unless we acknowledge it, we won't get very far in understanding patterns of policing.
Turning around less than 24 hours after Madison Square Garden's BNP Paribas Showdown, Roger Federer looked like he'd rather be anywhere else than here.
Agnieszka Radwanska called out, “She's lying,” as she passed Caroline Wozniacki, who was trying to answer a question posed an eager journalist. “You owe me a purse,” the Dane shouted back to Aga, smiling.
And Ana Ivanovic giggled through her explanation of the sand storm she and Vera Zvonareva played through during the 2009 final.
“Whenever anyone asks me about this tournament, I say it's an unbelievable place. Always perfect. It never rains. It is never windy. It's never cloudy … except for one day. And that was in 2009,” Ivanovic said. “I still wonder how we managed to play this match. I remember acing Vera on my second serve and the ball went backwards. I remember this particular point.”
Ivanovic didn't win that day and hasn't returned to a final in the Coachella Valley since. But her cheery outlook has not been dampened. Especially not since she made changes to her schedule.
“I had a different approach last year,” Ivanovic began. “I really tried to embrace my time off the court. I always used to feel guilty on my day off. So last year I said, ‘I really work hard, so in my time off I deserve to relax and not to think what others are going to think about me.' So for me to put away that feeling of guilt was very important. I started to enjoy my time off the court and also on the court, which obviously showed in my results.”
Wednesday's chance for media to ask the Top 8 seeds from the WTA and ATP Tours twisted and turned. Subjects came and went, but Serena Williams' return – after an absence of 14 years – was on everyone's mind.
“She's such a great champion,” Ivanovic said. “We're so lucky to have someone like this in tennis. She shows that week in and week out. It's always a great challenge to play against her. You always feel extra motivated. She's tough. She has a really big serve, bigger than some on the men's tour.”
“Her serve is amazing,” Federer said. “She has easy pace on it. She seems to do it rather consistently. And she has a solid second serve. I think it's wonderful for American fans who have attended this event for so many years and haven't seen her play here.”
“Either you guess or you're just lucky, with her serve,” Radwanska added. “You don't know where it's going to go.”
Radwanska, though, tempered her remarks about Serena's return. “Well to be honest there will be other top players, but, of course, she is in the draw, as well. But, good that she's back. Always another challenge for us here. It's her decision that she comes back.”
Maria Sharapova, who is projected to play Williams in the final, was sincere in her comments about the return – even if their head-to-head is a lopsided 17-2.
“I think it's all positive,” Sharapova said about Serena's decision to stay away and come back. “I think it's great for the tour, great for tennis. Personally, when you're playing any event – and especially being at the top of tennis – you want to be playing against the best. And as I've said before, she is the best. You want to be in the same field as the best. So, I think it's great to have her here.”
Wozniacki's and Williams's friendship has been widely publicized; though the Dane is friendly with many of her fellow players, she distinguishes the top seed as a ‘close friend.'
“She's special. Not only a great athlete, but a great person. She's funny to be around; there's never a dull moment. We just click; and, it's nice to have a good friend on tour. To have someone you can rely on and trust. So, it's nice to have the best player in the world playing a tournament like this again.”
Wozniacki, seeded No. 4, won Indian Wells once in 2011, and been the runner-up in 2010 and 2013. Her year has been lukewarm compared to expectations. She has won only one title in Kuala Lumpur; yet, her perspective varied.
“Actually I think I've had a pretty good season. I had an unlucky draw in Australia; and, Vika [Azarenka] played better than me in that match. That happens. But, in general, I'm pleased with my season so far. I'm pleased with my tennis and managed to push through some tough matches. In Dubai I didn't feel my best health-wise, but I showed myself I'm where I want to be and can still compete when I'm not maybe one-hundred percent. I went to Doha and did my best and Malaysia and won the tournament. It's a great feeling to hold the trophy.”
No. 9 seed Ekaterina Makarova has not been successful at Indian Wells over her seven appearances, and finds herself in an unusual spot. The Russian is the one of the newest additions to the Top 10, an added pressure on the Russian, who readily admitted her struggles here. Her best performance was last year when she made the round of 32, losing to Dominika Cibulkova.
“I'm not playing here good all the years,” she began, adding a slight chuckle. “The conditions [are] so dry here and the balls are flying. So for me it's a little bit tough. But, this year I'm more focused, more understanding of how to better my game. I will try to show my best tennis.”
Makarova hasn't garnered lots of attention and has, not too long ago, felt more comfortable in the background. However, with semifinal results in Flushing last fall and Melbourne in January, she's at the highest ranking of her 10-year career.
“I believe more in myself than before,” she said, about her consistency and ability to push through the biggest tournaments. “Some start a little bit early, some a little bit late. After those bigger tournaments, I think I'm a different person. I'm a little bit more grown up now. It was important for me to understand mentally, rather than technically.”
Stan Wawrinka has had a similar career trajectory to Makarova. He didn't break through to the upper echelons until later in his career, which began 13 years ago. Last year, though, he won the Australian Open, Monte Carlo — his first and only Masters 1000 title — and Davis Cup, alongside his merry band of Swiss stars, to name a few of the highlights.
“Last year, everything was different,” he said, remarking on his mindset at this time of year compared to 2014, and after coming off the Melbourne victory. “After Marseille I took five or six days off. Then I spent 10 days on fitness with my coach [Pierre] Paganini; and, then I came to the US to see Magnus [Norman] for a few days.”
“The season will be a tough one, for sure. I feel okay, though. I need a few more days to practice here. The conditions here are not easy to play; the ball flies. They've changed the ball.”
No matter the circumstances surrounding Wawrinka's rise in the ranks and the new tennis balls, his outlook about Indian Wells is positive. “It's one of the best Masters 1000 to play. It's always sunny every day. Hopefully I can do some good results this year.”
In his eight appearances, Wawrinka's best results have been quarterfinals in 2008 and 2011, losing to Novak Djokovic and Federer respectively. Last year, the Swiss lost to Kevin Anderson in the round of sixteen.
Davis Cup dominated exchanges, as well, throughout the four-hour-long roundtable event.
Federer tried to divert questions about it, saying he's not the man to ask. Andy Murray said it should be played, “every two years.” Wawrinka wants changes, as well.
“It's not the event it used to be,” Wawrinka said. “The top guys go once every two or three years, so for sure there's something wrong about that.”
“I think we've talked about this too many times,” Federer said. “It's so obvious that there are things not working. It's obvious that it's a great competition. Whatever you say, it's just debating and nothing ever gets done and nothing ever gets changed.”
“You hear players say they love playing Davis Cup,” Murray began, “but then, they only step up once or twice.”
With more questions than answers left on the table regarding Davis Cup, and buckets of hope filled for a positive return of Serena Williams, these top seeds were anxious to get on court and get the tournament going. They reveled in the growth of the BNP Paribas Open, grateful of its continuous attention to player comforts. That all makes good press, but obviously comes second to winning.
What are your thoughts on the players' mindsets heading into Indian Wells? Sounds off in the comments!
Advertisements
A Norwegian Facebook group has caused Muslim outrage after confusing empty bus seats for women wearing burkas.
Johan Slattavik posted the photo on the Fatherland First [translated] Facebook page as a joke asking: “What do people think of this?” Incredibly, many Norwegians opposed to immigration believed the post was serious, failing to spot that it was actually just a photo of an empty bus, The Local reports.
The question is, outside of submission, what doesn't inflame the Muslim world?
Muslim women should be inflamed that they are forced to wear those hideous garments that cover up their gender, their beauty, their womanliness.
Humorless, violent, supremacist …
Before the Papal coup installed this pro-Islamic Francis, Pope Benedict quoted Byzantine emperor Manuel II Palaiologos, one of the last Christian rulers before the Fall of Constantinople to the Muslim Ottoman Empire, on such issues as forced conversion, holy war, and the relationship between faith and reason, “Show me just what Muhammad brought that was new and there you will find things only evil and inhuman, such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he preached.”
Indeed.
Bus Seats That Look Like Burqas Cause Outrage On Social Media August 2, 2017, by Gabrielle Okun, Daily caller Foundation: A Norwegian nationalist party is under attack after falling for a joke Facebook post of empty bus seats that looked like Muslim women wearing burqas. A man named Johan Slattavik originally posted the picture, which features six empty seats on an Oslo Bus, which looks like Muslim women wearing burqas. It was subsequently picked up by party Fatherland First, but the party's message sparked outrage on social media since many of the members took it seriously. “I laid out this photo to see what happened,” said Slattavik to WorldViews, adding that it was “a little practical joke.” “What happens when a photo of some empty bus seats is posted to a disgusting Facebook group, and nearly everyone thinks they see a bunch of burqas?” wrote Sindre Beyer, a former MP of the Labour Party, Rune Berglund Steen from the Norwegian Centre Against Racism (Antirasistisk senter) that people will quickly form conclusions based on what they want to believe.
The Truth Must be Told Your contribution supports independent journalism Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more. Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers' contributions make that possible. Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too. Please contribute to our ground-breaking work here.
Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best. Contribute Monthly - Choose One Subscriber : $18.00 USD - monthly Contributor : $36.00 USD - monthly Patron : $50.00 USD - monthly Silver member : $100.00 USD - monthly Gold member : $250.00 USD - monthly Platinum member : $500.00 USD - monthly
Eisuke Tomatsu reached the end zone three times and Japan scored on every offensive possession en route to an 86-0 blowout of the Philippines in an Asian qualifier for the 2015 IFAF World Championship on Saturday at Amino Vital Field in Tokyo
With the victory, Japan secured one of the two Asian berths in next year's competition in Stockholm.
South Korea obtained the other spot by defeating Kuwait earlier this month.
Japan dominated in all three phases of the game.
The Japanese offense gained 356 yards and scored nine touchdowns, while the defense held the Philippines to only one first down and scored on a safety, a fumble recovery and an interception return. For the special teams unit, Tomatsu returned a punt 36 yards for a touchdown.
“We are happy to qualify for the world championship,” Japan captain Masayoshi Tsukada said. “We all want to be the world's No. 1. But we need to improve to achieve that goal.”
The big win by Japan was expected as the Philippines has only a four-year history of playing American football.
The visitors have some players with playing experience in the United States and/or Canada, but many of them began playing only a couple of years ago.
This was the first time for the Philippines to organize a national team and play an international game.
“Coming here and playing as a team is a big challenge itself,” head coach William Yeh said. “(Football) is a new program for us and we don't get a lot of support from our country right now, something I hope will change over time. We compete as a team and this was the most important thing today.”
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Around 20 hooded vandals stormed the second birthday of an LGBT support centre on Thursday, throwing bottles and crates and leaving one girl injured.
Balkan Insight reports the incident took place at the Damar Cafe in Skopje's Old Bazaar area.
Uranija Pirovska, director of the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights in Macedonia, said: “The hooligans entered the cafe and started throwing everything, like bottles, crates.
“It was a stampedе. One girl was injured and was taken to the accident and emergency centre. She is fine, but still recovering,”
Witnesses said not see the faces of the assailants because they wore hoods.
“They were well organized. They had an exact plan of how to enter, what to demolish and when to leave, before the police came,” one witness said.
The centre has already twice been the target for anti-gay attacks.
Last year, attackers stormed the cafe while people were inside watching a movie.
The same year, attackers also vandalised the centre but without anyone inside.
The outgoing Dutch Ambassador, Marriët Schuurman, said in an interview that the failure to react on behalf of authorities “creates a perception that this is sponsored, or tolerated in the best case, by the government and used as an instrument to make people afraid and try to shut people up.”
She added: “I will meet representatives of the EU delegation in Skopje and with all the ambassadors. The attackers responsible for previous events were never found – and that means that the institutions tolerate violence.
“In Macedonia, the fundamental rights of the LGBT community have no value. Their right to live is endangered.”
MEPs expressed concern over an increase in homophobic incidents in Macedonia in October 2012.
TORONTO – Toronto FC continues to prepare for the final match of their season-opening seven-game road trip, keeping one eye on the ailing Philadelphia Union side they'll face this weekend before returning to a renovated BMO Field for their home opener on May 10.
While there were plenty of familiar faces in training this week, a few noticeable absences were felt in the backline. Central defender Steven Caldwell and right back Mark Bloom remain out with their extended injuries, Caldwell dealing with an Achilles problem while Bloom tends to a quad strain.
But it was the absence of goalkeeper Joe Bendik due to a minor foot issue that was most notable, with TFC head coach Greg Vanney indicating that the injury may force him into a change between the posts for Saturday's match at the Union.
“It's nothing serious and we don't see it taking too terribly long,” Vanney said of Bendik's injury. “He's questionable for the weekend so if it's not this week, we're optimistic for next week. I don't see it as being a long-term thing. It's an opportunity, should Joe not be able to go, for somebody to show us what they have and what they're capable of doing.”
Bendik has been a regular for TFC for three seasons now, excluding a minor pre-World Cup run out for Brazilian goalkeeper Julio Cesar at the start of last season. Should Bendik be unable to play this weekend, the start would likely go to backup ‘keeper Chris Konopka. Now in his sixth year in MLS, the 30-year-old Konopka has just two career regular season starts.
Bendik's current injury continues a worrying trend of defensive absences for Toronto FC, but Vanney says the data shows signs for optimism on the injury front.
“It's way better than it has been in the last two years,” Vanney said of the number of injuries TFC has dealt with this season. “The number of sessions that players are missing is a fraction of what it has been over the last couple of years. We've missed very little training and not too many games. We've been on the right path and guys are fit. This is going to be our real test, when we get into May and we play a lot of games back-to-back. That will be a real sign of how our overall fitness is and how our durability is. That's the key to this league.”
Vanney will need to call upon some of his options in depth once more, but one silver lining is the continued emergence of Canadian left back Ashtone Morgan. The 24-year-old Morgan's next appearance will be his 100th across all competitions for TFC; he'd be the first player in club history to reach that milestone.
“He's absolutely deserving of it,” Vanney said. “He's come in this year with a great mentality. He's had a great preseason for us and he did an excellent job. For Ashtone, it was about confidence, you know, and having somebody who believes in him and gives him a little bit of information here and there on how he can continue to improve his game, because he's still a young, developing player. He's taken all of that on board.
“He's an eager learner. He's slowed down some of his challenges and some of the things that got him in trouble before. He's making better decisions now that he slows down. That's the primary thing. He's had an excellent run early in the season. Just that, alone, makes him very deserving of the opportunity to pick up his 100th cap.”
Index
Why are we growing decision trees via entropy instead of the classification error?
Before we get to the main question – the real interesting part – let's take a look at some of the (classification) decision tree basics to make sure that we are on the same page.
The Basic Algorithm
Start at the root node as parent node Split the parent node at the feature x i to minimize the sum of the child node impurities (maximize information gain) Assign training samples to new child nodes Stop if leave nodes are pure or early stopping criteria is satisfied, else repeat steps 1 and 2 for each new child node
Stopping Rules
The leaf nodes are pure A maximal node depth is reached Splitting a note does not lead to an information gain*
* This is the important part as we will see later.
Impurity Metrics and Information Gain
Formally, we can write the “Information Gain” as
(Note that since the parent impurity is a constant, we could also simply compute the average child node impurities, which would have the same effect.) For simplicity, we will only compare the “Entropy” criterion to the classification error; however, the same concepts apply to the Gini index as well.
We write the Entropy equation as
or all non-empty classed p(i ❘ t) ≠ 0, where p(i ❘ t) is the proportion (or frequency or probability) of the samples that belong to class i for a particular node t; C is the number of unique class labels.
Although we are all very familiar with the classification error, we write it down for completeness:
Classification Error vs. Entropy
Here comes the more interesting part, just as promised. Let's consider the following binary tree starting with a training set of 40 “positive” training samples (y=1) and 80 training samples from the “negative” class (y=0). Further, let's assume that it is possible to come up with 3 splitting criteria (based on 3 binary features x1, x2, and x3) that can separate the training samples perfectly:
Now, is it possible to learn this hypothesis (i.e., tree model) by minimizing the classification error as a criterion function? Let's do the math:
As we can see, the Information Gain after the first split is exactly 0, since average classification error of the 2 child nodes is exactly the same as the classification error of the parent node (40/120 = 0.3333333). In this case, splitting the initial training set wouldn't yield any improvement in terms of our classification error criterion, and thus, the tree algorithm would stop at this point (for this statement to be true, we have to make the assumption that neither splitting on feature x2 nor x3 would lead to an Information gain as well).
Next, let's see what happens if we use Entropy as an impurity metric:
In contrast to the average classification error, the average child node entropy is not equal to the entropy of the parent node. Thus, the splitting rule would continue until the child nodes are pure (after the next 2 splits). So, why is this happening? For an intuitive explanation, let's zoom in into the Entropy plot:
The green square-shapes are the Entropy values for p(28/70) and (12/50) of the first two child nodes in the decision tree model above, connected by a green (dashed) line. To recapitulate: the decision tree algorithm aims to find the feature and splitting value that leads to a maximum decrease of the average child node impurities over the parent node. So, if we have 2 entropy values (left and right child node), the average will fall onto the straight, connecting line. However – and this is the important part – we can see that the Entropy is always larger than the averaged Entropy due to its “bell shape,” which is why we keep continuing to split the nodes in contrast to the classification error.
With the fourth overall selection of the Rule 5 draft the Rays selected RHP Kevin Gadea from the Seattle Mariners. The Rays went off the board with a pitcher that wasn't covered in the Baseball America expanded Rule 5 preview, which covered 82 players including 52 pitchers.
Gadea has yet to start a season in full season ball, but earned a promotion to the Clifton Lumberkings (A) this past season. For the season he threw 68.2 innings and accumulated 95 strikeouts (34.2%) with only 14 walks (5.0%).
After signing with the Mariners in the 2012 IFA signing period Baseball America had this to say about Gadea:
One sleeper for the Mariners could be Kevin Gadea, who signed on July 2 for $42,000 out of Dennis Martinez's academy in Nicaragua. Gadea, who turned 18 in December, became eligible to sign on July 2, 2011, but he had originally been a third baseman. Mariners Nicaraguan scout Luis Molina suggested putting him on the mound, and Gadea's shown some early promise there. Gadea is 6-foot-5 with a live arm and good breaking ball potential.
He's currently pitching for the Tigres de Aragua in the Venezuelan Winter League. and is showcasing a dominant performance. He's thrown 30 innings over six starts with a 2.10 ERA; however, his 20 K/15 BB hasn't been up to his stateside standards.
Gadea will have to survive the season in the bullpen for the Rays to keep him. He will face a massive increase in competition if he is to stick.
The Rays scouts might have been intrigued about Gadea from evaluating prospects for the Richie Shaffer/Taylor Motter trade earlier this off-season. He has the size you like to see in a pitcher, but there aren't many reports on his stuff.
So grateful with the @RaysBaseball for giving me the chance to compete and achieve my goals. #newfamily#Rays — Kevin gadea (@kevin_gadea32) December 8, 2016
Gadea turned 22 years old this week, and is mostly a fastball and change up pitcher that, should he throw for strikes, may be able to hold his own in the bullpen.
The Rays scout reportedly followed his story for a while, and they felt his ability was beyond his years, leading the Rays to prize his youth.
Tampa Bay will have to pay $100,000 for the acquisition of Gadea, and he will need to remain on the team's 25-man roster all season, or else he will be returned to the Mariners under Rule 5 rules.
This Friday at ONE Championship's big 50th event rising 115 pound prospect, Taiwan's undefeated Jenny Huang make her return to the cage to face April Osenio. Huang (4-0-0) talks to us about the upcoming bout, Osenio's weaknesses, Invicta FC Atomweight champion Ayaka Hamasaki, championship goals and more.
You'll be fighting April Osenio this Friday for One Championship. What are your opinions on Osenio as an opponent, and how do you see the fight going?
She is tough. She doesn't fear anyone that she faces. She looks like a very tough fighter and she will definitely pose a new challenge for me. But I look forward to difficult challenges. I have been training for a while I knew this fight was coming , I am very excited to see the outcome of this fight.
What holes do you see in Osenio's game?
I think her weakness is using too much power. She is a strong fighter and can deliver powerful blows. But she uses a lot of energy too quickly.
What team are you training with in preparation for your bout with Osenio?
I train with Martial Armor MMA & Fitness. I like them because they can regularly give me a difficult challenge. I often fight men who are bigger and stronger than me. There are many different kinds of fighters that I can train with. All of them have different fighting styles and they all pose unique challenges. They constantly push me as a fighter and they constantly push me to improve. My coach always inspires me a lot. He always believes that I can do great things. There are many things that I like about this gym.
You are currently undefeated. Do you find this adds more pressure leading into fights?
Every fighter is always focused on improving themselves when they train. They are always focused on getting better and showing the world how well they can do. The outcome of this fight doesn't weigh that heavily on me. I just want to show the world how well I can fight and all of the great things that I have learned. If this fight turns out well, then great!
How did you first get into fighting?
I first started fighting in elementary school. I started with Judo when I was 12 years old. I've never looked back. I always love fighting.
You currently fight at 115lbs, is this the weight class you feel most comfortable at?
I am comfortable with my current weight class. I think it's a good fit for me. If they want me to fight a lower weight class, then I will also be okay with fighting in a weight class that is lower than 48 Kg / 105 Lbs. I have fought in this weight class before and it suited me well.
You've fought for ONE FC a few times now, what is your opinions on them as a promotion?
I really like One FC. I am very grateful for the opportunity they have given me. It honours me greatly to see a female Taiwanese fighter enter the arena with other professional fighters from other great countries. I also really like UFC. I really like the level of professionalism the fighters display in their fights. However, I am very proud to be a One FC fighter. They have many good fighters and I am very happy with where I currently am.
What are your opinions on the current Number 1 105lbs fighter in the world Invicta FC Atomweight World Champion Ayaka Hamasaki?
I have followed her from when I started training MMA . Just having the chance to be in the same arena with her would be a great honour to me. She is of such a high professional skill level that being in that same arena would mean a lot to me. I have a great deal of respect for her.
With a win over Osenio, what do you hope is next for you as we approach 2017?
I wish to continue in my endeavours. I will continue training and improving until I can fight for that championship belt. I don't want to brag or boast too much. I have many big goals in my life and I want to do everything I can to constantly improve and get stronger.
What do you hope to achieve before the end of your career?
I really just want the honour of fighting for a championship belt. It would be a great honour for me to just enter the arena with a fellow champion fighter. If I get the chance to win this belt, then I want to hold onto that title for a long time. I want to really inspire other Taiwanese women to be like me and show the world how strong women can be.
Is there anything you would like to add, or anyone you want to give a shoutout to?
I want to thank everyone that has always supported me throughout everything. My coach and my training partners have been a big help and I want to thank them. You guys are awesome!
Jenny Huang faces off against April Osenio this Friday at ONE Championship 50 from the Mall of Asia Arena in Manila. The event begins at 7pm EST. You can find full details and information on how to watch live at OneFC.com.
Follow Jenny Huang on social media
Facebook – CLICK HERE
Twitter – CLICK HERE
Instagram – CLICK HERE
This article is over 3 years old
• Rincón accused of money-laundering and criminal drugs conspiracy • Interpol want to question Rincón, 48, over alleged criminal activity in Panama • Former midfielder had stints at Madrid and Corinthians
Freddy Rincón, the former Colombia, Real Madrid and Corinthians midfielder, is wanted for questioning in relation to drug crimes in Panama, Interpol said on Wednesday.
Rincón, 48, has allegedly been involved in money-laundering and criminal conspiracy relating to drugs, Interpol added.
Colombian media reported that Rincón has business and property interests in Panama bought in partnership with the Colombian drug baron Pablo Rayo Montaño.
Rincón made his name with América de Cali before successful spells in Brazil, Italy and Spain. He represented Colombia at the 1994 World Cup and captained Corinthians to their first World Club Cup title in 2000.
Portland wrestling looks for resurgence with Mean Mike Miller at the helm 22 Galleries: Portland wrestling looks for resurgence with Mean Mike Miller at the helm
No one boos Mean Mike Miller anymore.
In the days when Portland Wrestling packed thousands into arenas every Saturday night, Miller was the villain everyone loved to hate. He sauntered to the ring to the tune of George Thorogood's "Bad to the Bone," his shoulder-length hair waving behind him. Fans threw lit cigarettes at him. The ringside Rosies cursed his name.
The fights ran in prime time every week for 38 years. The scene is Portland lore -- wrestlers became stars; kids clamored for autographs. Then, two decades ago, it ended, when the steroid-inflated soap opera of the World Wrestling Federation edged Portland's show out of the market.
Miller lost the jeers when Portland lost wrestling.
But now, after a few failed restart attempts and decades of quiet gyms, Portland wrestling is in the middle of something like a comeback. New leagues like
and DOA host regular matches. Rowdy Roddy Piper plans to debut an in-studio revamp of the old company this month on KPTV. Portland is ready, some say, for a return of the good, the evil, the suplexes and the pins that kids still imitate at home.
And Mike Miller? He's been out of the ring for a while, but he's back too, teaching the young generation of wrestlers how to body-slam, hip-toss and take a chair to the back of the head.
Even better, he will slip through the ropes one last time this Sunday night. And when he does, he won't be doing it for the boos -- though they once gave him the only rush that mattered. Mean Mike will do it for love.
A Tennessee boy
James Michael Hillman had 35 bucks in his pocket the day he became Mike Miller.
Like most boys who grew up in Whiteville, Tenn., he had few prospects. He never dreamed of being anything because no one he knew was anything. After high school, he drove a truck for the local factory.
In 1978, a promoter spotted him -- 6-foot-2 and barrel-chested, but otherwise physically insignificant -- and offered him a spot in a backyard brawl. Back then, you didn't have to be special to wrestle. You just had to be willing.
The promoter changed his name to Mike Miller. The "Mean" came later.
He worked his way up through the Southern towns, fighting for $800 a weekend. He met a girl in New Orleans. They married. When she gave birth to an 8-pound baby girl, Yolanda, he knew he wanted to make an even better life for the family.
Back then, every little town had its own wrestling dynasty. Portland promoter Don Owen built Portland Wrestling into one of the most renowned. Superstars such as Andre the Giant, Ric Flair and Jesse "The Body" Ventura performed in front of thousands in the Portland Sports Arena.
Mike Miller didn't cuss, had never taken so much as a sip of whiskey, but the league needed more bad guys to add to a roster that included Playboy Buddy Rose and Rowdy Roddy Piper.
Miller grew his hair long, plastered a pair of black tights over his now muscular thighs and set his face into a permanent grimace.
"It was the dark side of me," he said. "I'd grown up such a Southern Baptist kid, so nice, so afraid of Hell. Now I could play it out."
Other wrestlers were faster, more athletic. Mean Mike brooded around the ring, a brute with a heavy fist. He stayed off the turnbuckle, wearing down opponents with grueling headlocks and arm twists. He painted an old 2x4 black, wrapped it in a chain and named it Lucille.
"He doesn't wrestle too scientifically," Dutch Savage said in 1982, "but he gets the work done in the ring."
Miller's career had finally taken off by 1983. But in a Centralia fight, his foot awkwardly caught an opponent's leg. The impact sounded like a tree thudding against the earth.
He couldn't wrestle, and the money dried up. Things turned. Miller's wife took Yolanda and headed back South. By the time he healed, he had lost track of his family. His wife moved on, changed her daughter's last name and never mentioned Mike Miller again.
Yolanda begged, but her mom refused to reveal her dad's stage name. "His name was James Hillman. He's a rolling stone, and he's gone," the mother said.
In the decade he wrestled in Portland, Miller busted his collarbone, broke his nose and separated his shoulder. Nightclubs held tables for him. Women went after him.
"The first time I have ever seen him, I just fell in love with his hair," said Marion Martin, a fan who once stole his bloody shirt from a little girl. "They said he was mean, but with hair like that, he could do no wrong."
Miller remarried, raised a son and daughter and settled in for the good life.
The fight turns
Portland Wrestling aired its last match a week after Christmas 1991. Mean Mike rolled his opponent into a Boston Crab but lost when Ricky Martel wrapped him in a small package. Referee Sandy Barr slammed his palm against the mat. "One. Two. Three!" Miller stumbled through the Memorial Coliseum, and the crowd booed.
Some Portland stars went to the WWF. But Mean Mike didn't have the right bodybuilder, heartthrob look. He went back to driving trucks, moved logs off Mt. Hood. He worked as a bouncer and a prison guard. Finally, he went back to being nobody James Hillman and left for Tennessee.
"It was worse than a death," he said. "I didn't want to watch wrestling. Even if the TV was on, and wrestling was on, I cut it off, it hurt so bad."
But the WWF, now known as World Wrestling Entertainment, just kept growing. About 850,000 people bought Wrestlemania, its biggest event, on pay-per-view this year.
That hasn't been lost on local promoters. So last year, they launched an effort to rekindle Portland's famed wrestling spirit here. Blue Collar Wrestling began holding matches at the North Lombard Eagles Lodge.
The Blue Collar Wrestlers work the West Coast to take home a few hundred bucks a weekend. But the young fighters were reared on WWF wrestling -- off-the-rope acrobatics with little attention to story, said Blue Collar Wrestling co-owner Tex Thompson. They needed to work out storylines. They needed better choreography. They needed Mike Miller.
James Hillman returned to Portland in 2011. And as one of the Blue Collar wrestlers trolled YouTube for old fighting videos of his new mentor, he noticed a comment.
"Does anyone know how or where to find (Miller)," it read. "I have some important news to tell him about his daughter he had back in '81."
Reunions
That was all it took. They found each other, and Yolanda Montero and her wrestler dad talked every night for three hours. She had lived in New Orleans until she was 20. Nothing in her life ever seemed to work out quite right. She made regular trips to the library, searching the Internet for her father.
Two months ago she came to Oregon, where she and her dad now share a Gresham apartment. In the videos Miller shows her of his heyday, she can see for herself the way the crowds loved to hate him.
"But I do get mad," she said. "Everybody's telling me what he did. All the wrestlers here have stories about seeing him. And I just wish I could have been there."
A month ago, over their morning coffee, Miller asked his daughter, "What if you saw your daddy wrestle now?"
Miller still wears all black, but he keeps his hair cropped close now. His notoriously long frame is hunched slightly. A walk that once looked broody now looks like taking it easy. But he has no trouble getting in and out of the ring.
He began planning the story for his last fight a month ago. The nighttime security job he works wouldn't let him off one Sunday night, so he missed that night's matches. Psycho Sailor -- a bad guy whose raspy bark sounds like Popeye -- took the absence as a chance to mock the old man. He played "Bad to the Bone" and marched around, declaring himself meaner than Miller.
Last Sunday, Miller refereed Sailor's match. The Eagles Lodge draws crowds of about 40 now, but the place felt packed. Mean Mike emerged, and the opening guitar chords of "Bad to the Bone" shook the lodge. He handed Lucille to an old lady and started Sailor's fight.
Back and forth, Psycho Sailor and his opponents bloodied each other, while Miller kept an eye on them. Sailor bent a baking sheet over Cowboy Tex Thompson's head. Miller rushed in to keep the peace. Fans raced around the ring to stay with the action.
One of Sailor's minions stole Lucille from the old lady and rushed Miller with a menacing yowl. Sailor grabbed Miller and pinned his arms back.
Miller looked ready to take a face shot like in the '80s. But he ducked, yanked back Lucille and ran Sailor and his minions off like a pack of raccoons.
"Get on now," he hollered. "You want some of this? I'll see you in the ring next Sunday."
The whole charade took maybe 10 minutes. No one booed. The cheers, in fact, were deafening.
--
Editor's note: This Sunday, reporter Casey Parks will be at Mean Mike Miller's match in North Portland. The following Sunday, on Oct. 21, turn to the Metro section for the final story of Miller's return to the ring.
Invasive “crazy ants” are displacing fire ants in areas across the southeastern United States, according to researchers at The University of Texas at Austin. It's the latest in a history of ant invasions from the southern hemisphere and may prove to have dramatic effects on the ecosystem of the region.
The “ecologically dominant” crazy ants are reducing diversity and abundance across a range of ant and arthropod species but their spread can be limited if people are careful not to transport them inadvertently, according to Ed LeBrun, a research associate with the Texas invasive species research program at the Brackenridge Field Laboratory in the College of Natural Sciences
The study by LeBrun and his colleagues was published in Biological Invasions.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpageandv=zv0ikdisv0I
“When you talk to folks who live in the invaded areas, they tell you they want their fire ants back,” said LeBrun. “Fire ants are in many ways very polite. They live in your yard. They form mounds and stay there, and they only interact with you if you step on their mound.”
LeBrun said that crazy ants, by contrast, “go everywhere.” They invade people's homes, nest in crawl spaces and walls, become incredibly abundant and damage electrical equipment.
The crazy ants were first discovered in the U.S. in 2002 by a pest control operator in a suburb of Houston, and have since established populations in 21 counties in Texas, 20 counties in Florida, and a few sites in southern Mississippi and southern Louisiana.
In 2012 the species was formally identified as Nylanderia fulva, which is native to northern Argentina and southern Brazil. Frequently referred to as Rasberry crazy ants, these ants recently have been given the official common name “Tawny crazy ants.”
The Tawny crazy ant invasion is the most recent in a series of ant invasions from South America brought on by human movement. The Argentine ant invaded through the port of New Orleans in about 1891. In 1918 the black imported fire ant showed up in Mobile, Ala. Then in the 1930s, the red imported fire ant arrived in the U.S. and began displacing the black fire ant and the Argentine ants.
The UT researchers studied two crazy ant invasion sites on the Texas Gulf Coast and found that in those areas where the Tawny crazy ant population is densest, fire ants were eliminated. Even in regions where the crazy ant population is less dense, fire ant populations were drastically reduced. Other ant species, particularly native species, were also eliminated or diminished.
LeBrun said crazy ants are much harder to control than fire ants. They don't consume most of the poison baits that kill fire ant mounds, and they don't have the same kinds of colony boundaries that fire ants do. That means that even if they're killed in a certain area, the supercolony survives and can swarm back over the area.
“They don't sting like fire ants do, but aside from that they are much bigger pests,” he said. “There are videos on YouTube of people sweeping out dustpans full of these ants from their bathroom. You have to call pest control operators every three or four months just to keep the infestation under control. It's very expensive.”
LeBrun said that in northern Argentina and southern Brazil, where the ants are native, populations are likely held in check by other ant species and a variety of natural enemies. In the U.S. there is no such natural control.
Here the crazy ants can attain densities up to 100 times as great as all other ants in the area combined. In the process, they monopolize food sources and starve out other species. LeBrun said the crazy ants, which are omnivorous, may also directly attack and kill other ant and arthropod species.
The overall result is a significant reduction in abundance and biodiversity at the base of the food chain, which is likely to have implications for the ecosystem as a whole.
“Perhaps the biggest deal is the displacement of the fire ant, which is the 300 pound gorilla in Texas ecosystems these days,” said LeBrun. “The whole system has changed around fire ants. Things that can't tolerate fire ants are gone. Many that can have flourished. New things have come in. Now we are going to go through and whack the fire ants and put something in its place that has a very different biology. There are going to be a lot of changes that come from that.”
LeBrun said a great deal about the Tawny crazy ants remains unknown, including their potential range. So far, most of the colonies are in fairly wet environments with mild winters, near the coast, so it may be the case that they can't thrive in drier or colder climates, and that fire ants will remain dominant in those areas.
The spread of the Tawny crazy ants may also be limited, even within the more hospitable climates, by caution from humans. The reproductive members of the species don't fly. So when left to their own devices, crazy ant colonies can only advance about 200 meters a year. That means they're dependent on humans to colonize new areas.
“They are opportunistic nesters,” said LeBrun. “They can take up residence in everything from a house plant, to an empty container left outside, to an RV. So they're easily transported by us. But the flip side of that is that if people living in or visiting invaded areas are careful and check for the crazy ants when moving or going on longer trips, they could have a huge impact on the spread.” Nursery products also appear to be a key way these ants spread, so both buyers and sellers should be watchful for these ants.
LeBrun said that cutting down on the number of transplantation events could slow the spread by years or decades. And that extra time could give the ecosystem time to adapt and researchers time to develop better control methods.
“We can really make a difference,” he said, “but we need to be careful, and we need to know more.”
This 1970 BMW 2800CS runs a built, turbocharged M30B35 said to be good for 450 RWHP at 13 pounds of boost. Offered with only these two photos and a minimal, spec-focused description, we're nonetheless intrigued and would love to see more. Find it here on eBay in Temecula, California for $48k OBO. Special thanks to BaT reader Jim C. for this submission.
Said to run forged internals, a custom cam and unspecified head work, the built six is fueled via a Megasquirt II electronic management system and force fed from a billet turbo and intercooler. No other engine details are given, however the installation does look well thought out and cleanly executed.
Other details include a Getrag 265 5-speed transmission, custom made three piece wheels, coilover and swaybar equipped suspension, four wheel discs and a fuel cell.
I purchased two of these controllers along with my Wii U console assuming that they would better fit my daughters' little hands, within an hour of playing Mario Kart 8 one of the controllers started to constantly drift the cursor downwards, I had to stay focused on pushing the stick upwards to prevent it from drifting down. Next day I went back to Best Buy, paid the extra $15 difference and exchanged it for the Nintendo Pro Controller and man what a difference, it felt better and was a lot comfier to hold. Today a week later we're still enjoying the Nintendo branded one but the second Power A controller is starting to act out the same way the first one did. So tomorrow I'm heading back to Best Buy to exchange it for the Nintendo Pro Controller.
Read more
In late 1969 and early 1970, when “Okie From Muskogee” was blaring from every jukebox in every beer joint, truck stop and restaurant in my hometown, San Antonio, I wanted, sometimes very much, to hate Merle Haggard.
I say blaring because that's the kind of record “Okie” was. The kind that, when it dropped into place on an automated turntable or crackled from the speakers of an AM radio, you wanted to turn it up.
Well, not me. I was pretty much a rock-and-folk guy, but this was Texas at the height of the Vietnam War, and San Antonio was a military town boasting five Air Force bases and an Army post, so I'm pretty certain I was in the minority. There were kids in my high school who took pride in listening to nothing but country music. Whether Hag intended it or not, his blue-collar anthem became a battle cry for Vietnam-bound working-class youths with a snowball's chance in Saigon of a student deferment. Music to kick some hippie butt by.
This story originally aired on April 12, 2017.
Restoration of passenger rail service along the Gulf Coast is the focus of meetings this week by Amtrak and the Southern Rail Commission.
Six meetings, which began on Tuesday in Jacksonville and Live Oak, Florida, will feature what's next in the work to get the trains back on track for the first time since before Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
“It's been about 14 months since we ran the demonstration train across the route, and people are curious where things stand,” said Amtrak spokesman Mark Magliari.
To that end, they're out meeting with residents in Florida, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. Other meetings are scheduled for Wednesday in Marianna and Mobile, Alabama. The final two sessions are set for Thursday in Gulfport, Mississippi and New Orleans.
One of the project's biggest supporters is U.S. Senator Bill Nelson, who provided a staff member for the meeting in Live Oak.
“We've been talking to Senator Nelson's office and the Senator is pretty interested in the issue,” Magliari said. “In fact, he's one of the reasons why we're having these meetings. He said ‘Folks in the Panhandle need an update,' and we're out here giving it.”
“If nothing else, it showed there's a lot of grassroots interest and support in passenger rail on the Gulf Coast,” said Greg White, Chairman of the Southern Rail Commission. The same week as the inspection train, they kicked off the Gulf Coast Working Group as mandated by Congress.
The SRC has been meeting each month since, and has received studies from Amtrak and CSX Railroad on infrastructure needs.
But in all candor, White said the CSX study appears to be “excessive.”
“Some of the things that they included in their modeling were a growth factor for the next 25 years and what traffic on the route would look like then,” White said. “With the suggestion that we build today for what that may be. And I'm not sure that any of us can see our way clearly to do that.”
One major part of the plan, says Knox Ross with the Southern Rail Commission, is to set up so-called “legacy stops” along the Gulf Coast – which in Florida would be Pensacola, Crestview, Chipley, Madison, Tallahassee, Live Oak, and Jacksonville.
“There's not a significant amount of work that has to be done to stations in Florida, because they're fairly modern,” said Ross. “I think there's some [Americans with Disabilities Act] work that has to be done, but those could be brought up to speed very, very quickly.”
If Amtrak does return to the Gulf Coast, it would offer seven-day-per-week service, compared to the three-day-a-week schedule before Katrina. Ross also says that could also jump start a couple of other desired routes-- an extension of the Interstate 20 corridor between Meridian, Mississippi and Fort Worth, Texas; and service between Baton Rouge and New Orleans.
At the end of the meetings on Thursday, Amtrak's Mark Magliari says they'll give the communities some information on which they can take action.
“Make sure that members of Congress are fully funding Amtrak,” Magliari said. “Certainly we want to work with the communities who have not yet received funding, to either improve their stations or make them ADA compliant. Or to help them figure out where they want their station to be.”
Plans are also in the works, says Magliari, to team up with the cities and go to Washington and their respective state capitals to talk about the investments needed for the return of passenger rail service. Amtrak CEO Wick Moorman says they're committed to running trains as soon as funding and host railroad agreements are settled.
Last week's photo set of a Pedobear-adorned Miata driving under an 18-wheeler drew the ire of many (including us) for its sheer stupidity. The driver of the Miata agrees it was a dumb choice and has a message for all of you.
We're going to keep the driver anonymous because, though it was unconscionably dangerous, he's been banned from Miata boards and Miata events for setting a bad example and seems to recognize what he's done.
"To be honest, it was completely stupid and reckless," he said. "God was definitely looking out for me and I've promised myself no more bullshit. I have an awesome life and a lot to live for and I have taken my life for granted. I'm not anymore."
Which is why we forced him to pay his penance by writing "I will not drive under 18-wheelers" on his Miata 25 times in exchange for removing the photo that shows his face from our first post. Jalopnik justice is swift, but fair, and often inspired by episodes of The Simpsons.
UNSW Australia astronomers have discovered the closest potentially habitable planet found outside our solar system so far, orbiting a star just 14 light years away.
The planet, more than four times the mass of the Earth, is one of three that the team detected around a red dwarf star called Wolf 1061.
“It is a particularly exciting find because all three planets are of low enough mass to be potentially rocky and have a solid surface, and the middle planet, Wolf 1061c, sits within the ‘Goldilocks' zone where it might be possible for liquid water — and maybe even life — to exist,” says lead study author UNSW's Duncan Wright.
“While a few other planets have been found that orbit stars closer to us than Wolf 1061, those planets are not considered to be remotely habitable,” Dr Wright says.
The three newly detected planets orbit the small, relatively cool and stable star about every 5, 18 and 67 days. Their masses are at least 1.4, 4.3 and 5.2 times that of Earth, respectively. The larger outer planet falls just outside the outer boundary of the habitable zone and is also likely to be rocky, while the smaller inner planet is too close to the star to be habitable.
The discovery will be published in The Astrophysical Journal Letters (an open access article).
Small rocky planets like our own are now known to be abundant in our galaxy, and multi-planet systems also appear to be common. However most of the rocky exoplanets discovered so far are hundreds or thousands of light years away.
An exception is Gliese 667Cc which lies 22 light years from Earth. It orbits a red dwarf star every 28 days and is at least 4.5 times as massive as Earth.
“The close proximity of the planets around Wolf 1061 means there is a good chance these planets may pass across the face of the star. If they do, then it may be possible to study the atmospheres of these planets in future to see whether they would be conducive to life,” says team member UNSW's Dr Rob Wittenmyer.
UNSW Science | A simulation of the orbital configuration of the Wolf 1061 system. Wolf 1061 is an inactive red dwarf star, smaller and cooler than our sun, 14 light years away.
The orbits for the planets b, c and d (ordered from the inner planet to the outer) have periods of 4.9 days, 17.9 days and 67.2 days. In the simulation we show the planet orbits as all lying in a single plane.
The planetary habitable zone around the star is marked in green – the colours grade from red (where a planet would be too hot), through green (where the surface of a planet could sustain liquid water), through to blue (where a planet would be too cold).
Credit: This simulation was made using the Universe Sandbox 2 software from universesandbox.com
Abstract of Three planets orbiting Wolf 1061
Two men were shot at and one was pistol-whipped in a Friday morning home invasion, New Smyrna Beach police said.
The incident occurred just before 2:30 a.m. in the 800 block of Downing Street, said New Smyrna Beach police spokesman Lt. Shane Riggle. The residents of the apartment that was targeted — brothers Ian Lees, 21 and Joshua Lees, 24 — told police that two men forced their way into the house. One of the suspects was wearing a mask and had a gun, Riggle said.
Police charged two people in the home invasion. Brendon Clark, 18, is charged with attempted first-degree murder using a firearm, home invasion robbery with a firearm and aggravated battery with a deadly weapon. The other suspect is a juvenile charged with home invasion robbery. Police did not name him.
Ian and Joshua Lees struggled with the suspects and Ian Lees was pistol whipped, Riggle said. The intruders then bolted with an undisclosed amount of money, Riggle said. As they ran, the suspects turned and shot at the residents, Riggle said, but neither was struck by a bullet. However, Ian Lees was taken to Bert Fish Medical Center by EVAC because he was injured in the pistol whipping, Riggle said.
Some time after the incident, police received an anonymous phone call advising that the robbers could be hiding at a house in the 500 block of Washington Avenue, Riggle said.
Police found the juvenile inside the house, Riggle said, and Clark was arrested later.
Audience members are tinted by stage lights while using their smartphones during Research in Motion's (RIM) launch of their Blackberry 10 devices in New York January, 2013. Photo by Shannon Stapleton/Reuters
There are about 79 million BlackBerry subscribers worldwide—and India's government wants to hand its spy agency data on every one of them.
In late 2012, back when it was still officially known as Research in Motion, the company behind BlackBerry handsets worked with the Indian government to enable surveillance of Blackberry Messenger and Blackberry Internet Service emails. But now India's authorities are complaining that they can only spy on communications sent between the estimated 1 million BlackBerry users in India—and they want a list of all BlackBerry handsets across the globe.
Each BlackBerry handset is allocated a unique PIN that can be used to send messages for free to other BlackBerry users. The service has caused security concerns because these messages, sent encrypted over special servers, can be difficult to intercept and therefore used by criminals to evade surveillance. However, though India's government says its spooks have now been provided with a list of all Indian BlackBerry users' PIN codes—meaning monitoring communications of these users is now feasible—the authorities don't have PIN codes of foreign users. That makes it difficult for them to identify and eavesdrop on messages sent between India and people in other countries. And that's what they want to change.
As India's Economic Times reported yesterday, “a government panel has recommended that BlackBerry be asked to provide access to ‘PIN' details of all its handsets across the globe to enable intelligence agencies in the country to track messages exchanged between Indian subscribers and those living abroad.” BlackBerry has not yet provided these data due to “privacy and legal provisions,” but the company has previously ceded to India's surveillance demands after being threatened with getting shut off from the country.
In response to questions I sent BlackBerry last night, spokeswoman Krista Seggewiss said the company had “worked closely with our partners to ensure ongoing lawful access compliance.” Seggewiss dismissed what she said were “misleading reports by certain publications” but would not comment on what exactly was misleading or explain whether BlackBerry was previously aware of the Indian government seeking global users' PIN codes. An Indian government document I have seen, signed and dated as recently as last month, confirms authorities want to negotiate with BlackBerry to obtain PIN and other identifying data “for all the BlackBerry handsets” including those from “other countries.” The Indian government's department of telecommunication was not reachable for comment at the time of publication.
India isn't alone in pursuing more snooping powers, of course. Other similar efforts are well underway across the world. Late last year, Pakistan reportedly installed mass surveillance gear to help “curb blasphemous and obscene websites” and monitor communications. The United States, Australia, and the United Kingdom are all pursing efforts to upgrade their surveillance capabilities. Meanwhile, Canada has put an attempt to bring in a new Internet spy law on ice after what one newspaper described as a “public fire storm.”
What sets the push for increased surveillance in India apart from other countries, though, is how publicly it has played out. In the United States or Europe, any snooping-related wrangling between telecom companies and governments usually takes place behind closed doors in secretive meetings. But the Indian authorities seem happy to negotiate publicly with communications companies—often publishing statements about the current status of their spying capabilities. The country's communications minister last year openly claimed, for instance, that the government had negotiated a means to allow security agencies to intercept services including Blackberry Messenger, Skype, Yahoo, and Gmail—though acknowledged the agencies were having difficulty decrypting some of the data.
The snow-forecast.com outlook for Valle Nevada, Chile for the next 6 days.
It would seem that all the hype and commotion over El Niño that's been spinning around ski sites starved for summer content is coming true in parts of South America, as 88" are expected at the Chilean ski area of Valle Nevado in a storm whose biggest burst is happening as we speak–nearly 64" is expected at the ski area today alone, with 60" predicted at El Colorado.
A stoked crowd cheers on the start to a monster dump at Valle Nevado from the hot tub. Valle Nevado photo.
This, unfortunately, tames earlier frenzied reports that El Colorado was going to get 19 feet in the next week, although predicting and accounting for snowfall in most of South America is significantly murkier than what we may be used to Stateside, where sites like OpenSnow.com use trained wizards to predict local snowfalls in specific areas of ski country down to the inch.
RELATED: How to ski South America this summer
The lone go-to site for storm tracking down south, snow-forecast.com, gives skiers and snowboarders hunting pow in the Andes an approximate idea of how much moisture is on the way, and, importantly for the continent's low-elevation ski areas like Bariloche, the freezing level.
Whatever the actual storm total ends up being, the good times are undoubtedly coming to the Andes this week. Valle Nevado photo.
Of course, the ceaseless winds of the Andes can turn a dusting into a bottomless feast of blower or, at the same time, render a monster dump useless as it spins all the fresh snow off the mountains. But as of dawn this morning, Valle Nevada had already gotten 20"–this storm appears to be legit!
On Friday, the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled 2-1 (PDF) that public high schools holding graduation ceremonies inside churches were not violating the Establishment Clause and church/state separation.
“There is no realistic endorsement of religion by the mere act of renting a building belonging to a religious group,” Judge Kenneth R. Ripple wrote for the majority. … … Graduates weren't forced to participate in any religious exercise, Ripple wrote. As for the religious environment, the U.S. Constitution doesn't shield someone from encountering others' religious beliefs and symbols, he said. “The encounter with religion here is purely passive and incidental to attendance at an entirely secular ceremony,” he wrote. … In 2009, Americans for Separation of Church and State filed a federal lawsuit on behalf of nine unidentified students and parents who described themselves as non-Christians. They argued graduations in a church offended them. Graduates were compelled to enter “a sacred space” and had to view religious symbols such as a 20-foot cross that towered over the graduation proceedings, religious pamphlets and hymnals, which imposed religion upon them and sent a message the government was endorsing religion, they contended. … … Judge Joel M. Flaum wrote in dissent that the church's prominent religious symbols and literature amounted to a religious message students might have felt pressured to adopt. “The sheer religiosity of the space created a likelihood that high school students and their younger siblings would perceive a link between church and state. That is, the activity conveyed a message of endorsement,” Flaum wrote. “The only way for graduation attendees to avoid the dynamic is to leave the ceremony. That is a choice … (the U.S. Constitution) does not force students to make.”
There's a lot wrong with this ruling, beginning with the fact that the students voted to approve the venue… as if that's some sort of justification for it.
And what about the cross on stage?
It sounds eerily similar to some controversial high school graduation ceremonies held in Georgia
But that's not religious, say two of the three judges.
The dissenter, Judge Flaum, added that if school officials had to go out their way to “secularize” the venue, that shows it was the wrong place to begin with:
None of this is to suggest that school officials should have exercised a higher degree of control over the church's environment, scrubbing it of religious symbols or working to tailor its message to a secular audience. Such a course would have run afoul of Lemon's excessive entanglement prong… Instead, school administrators should have examined the space that students voted for and recognized that it was not an appropriate location for holding a public high school graduation ceremony.
Americans United for Separation of Church and State, which lost this case, is considering appealing the decision to the U.S. Supreme Court, but doing that, having the case accepted by the Court, and getting a victory there seems like a series of long shots.
The question now is what implications this will have for Christian administrators of public schools who will see this ruling as a green light to move their own graduation ceremonies to local churches.
The decision technically only affects Illinois, Indiana, and Wisconsin. However, other state courts may cite this decision if there's a lawsuit. It's also possible that another Appeals Court, say the generally liberal 9th Circuit Court, could hear a similar case and rule the other way… in which case the Supreme Court could step in and make a final decision. Lots of possibilities and I'm not very optimistic about any of them.
(via Religion Clause)
Hearthstone: Fansite Mixer, Developer Q&A
by JR Cook - 6 years ago
Last week I had a pretty amazing opportunity to be invited out to the Blizzard Campus by the Community Team. The World of Warcraft, Diablo, and Hearthstone teams each invited 5 fansites per game. We were selected as one of the 5 fansites to check out Hearthstone which I was more than happy about because I'm really excited about this game and I've been really itching to get my hands on it. The other fansites being represented there were HearthPwn, Hearthstone Players, Happy Hearthstone Podcast, and WoWHead.
Our day was divided up into a few different segments that included getting to play Hearthstone on the PC, having a developer Q&A about the game, going on a quick (and shortened) Blizzard Campus Tour, talking to the community team about improvements to the fansite program, and finally getting to hang out with the Blizzard folks at Dave and Busters. In this article I'm primarily going to focus on the demo we got to play and the developer Q&A and end it with some pictures I managed to take on the Blizzard Tour.
Game Play
The first thing that happened after we arrived to the Blizzard Campus was getting put into a room with PCs to get to play an internal alpha build of Hearthstone for 2 hours. What was cool about this is it's the same build Blizzard employees were playing so you could easily do the match making and be paired up with a random Blizzard employee that was also playing the game at the same time.
Now I've been playing Collectible Card Games since around 1995 when I was first introduced to Magic: The Gathering and I still play the game occasionally and at one time used to play the game competitively, once even being one turn away from qualifying for the US Nationals. With that said, Hearthstone was extremely easy for me to pick up and play and felt very natural to me from a UI sense. Things I wanted to do made sense with how you drag the cards out onto the field or choose how to attack.
So the game is really easy to jump into as someone who understands this kind of games, but that's not to say it's not really easy to jump into for someone who doesn't understand CCGs. In fact there were a couple people there who had never had much experience with them and were able to jump right in. I know Alex from WoW Insider said he was able to get right into it without knowing much about CCGs and even our own Miaari was able to jump in and play at PAX East without ever playing a CCG in her life. This is pretty important to remember as Blizzard is really making this game easy to access but adding enough strategy to make it hard to master. For those that are new to the genre there will be a tutorial mode for the game and the starting deck you have will be the Mage deck (Jaina). I didn't get an opportunity to play the tutorial but I would imagine it will be everything a new player will need to get rolling straight away.
One of the things that really surprised me about this game was I able to go 8-0 in my matches. I didn't have all the cards available and just ended up playing the basic decks you were given as well as a warrior deck that I threw together. The reason why going 8-0 surprised me is because I didn't have any super powerful cards and I was going up against Blizzard employees who have had months of building up their collections. This is something that should put the whiners who claim this game is “Pay2win” to rest. If I can take a basic deck and win 2-0 against one Blizzard employee who was playing her deck she's been playing that was filled with some pretty good rares, then that shows that the cards are fairly balanced throughout and Blizzard is taking care in not having “crappy cards”. I believe it was my experience, strategy, and skill that helped me win those games. This is a sharp contrast to Magic: The Gathering where if I had come in with a basic starter deck and played someone with a top tier deck I would have gotten demolished. So it's definitely pretty cool that this game seems to reward skill a bit more than what cards you own.
Something that was a bit surprising was that they changed how they tried balancing the player who goes 2nd in the match. Before they would beef up the class to 5 more hit points, but in this build that was no more. Instead you get an extra card that costs 0 manas called “Gold Coin” and it has the ability of adding one extra mana crystal on the turn you play it. Not super powerful, but I find it to be rather effective and being able to play a 2 cost card on turn one as opposed to 1.
One of the things you really have to get used to when playing Hearthstone knows when to attack the other player versus attacking their minions – as well as setting up your defenses for next turn. Since you can't play on your opponents turn you really have to be prepared before you end your turn. You have to think ahead on what they can do to you and also making sure you have minions out there with the taunt ability (which forces them to attack them instead of you) is pretty important. You also want to make sure you don't get to the point where you're “top decking”, which basically means no cards in your hand and you're just relying on what random card you drawn next, instead you want to make sure you have a few cards you can use to your advantage when they are needed because they might be more important to you later in the game rather than right now. That's really the whole strategy behind Hearthstone that will make you a good player is simply understanding the board, what the other player might be able to do, setting up your defenses, and knowing when is the right time to play your cards so they have the maximum amount of effect for you in the game.
Deck Building
I didn't get too much into deck building because I really wanted to maximize the amount of time I got to play the game. However, the deck building UI is pretty interesting. You can pick what kind of hero deck you want to make and then the cards will be available based on which ones you own and which cards you can put into that deck. You can also search for specific cards or you can have the AI suggest 3 cards for you if you're not sure what to do.
One of the more interesting features someone came across was being able to build completely random decks. You pick your hero and grab 1 card to put in that deck. Then you simply let the AI build the rest of the deck for you. It will pick cards to give you a decent mana curve (a solid mix of early playable cards with 0-2 mana cost and then ramp up to larger mana cost cards). This way you can have decent cards to play early as well as powerful cards in the mid and late game. I actually played one deck I set up this way and it was kind of fun – I didn't bother looking to see what the deck had in it so I got to play completely blind. It could be a fun mode for people to try in the future. Also, if you went this route you can easily remove cards and add new cards if you don't like what the AI built for you – this is really a great way for those players who just want to build something quickly with the cards they have available to be able to jump into the game as fast as possible.
One of the things I really didn't like is that you are only limited to 9 decks that you can save. This means you can have 1 deck per hero basically. As someone who routinely walks around with 20-25 Magic: The Gathering decks (the actual physical ones) I find it a bit goofy that I have a limit so small for a digital game. I'm hoping in the future they increase this, and they probably will, but it will probably be in the form of micro transactions of buying more deck slots. With a free to play game like this I guess that is to be expected.
Developer Q&A
The developer Q&A was really more of a conversation than anything. It wasn't a formal interview process but more of the lead designers getting our thoughts on the game itself and talking back and forth about various things. However, there were several things that were learned that I think were interesting enough to share with the community.
Game Progression
I think the biggest thing I took away from the Q&A is that the designers are very interested in listening to the community and doing what the community is asking for. The big topic that came off almost right off the bat was eSports and having some kind of observer mode. Right now they are entirely focused on launching the game, but they have a laundry list of things they would like to see added to the game and observer mode is definitely on that list.
Some other ideas that popped around are possibly having raid decks, more multiplayer options (like 2v2, two-headed giant, etc.), and when and how often more sets will be coming out. As of right now none of these have real answers as they're focused on releasing the game and then listening to player feedback on what they should focus on for additional features. With them being a small team (12 developers I believe) it really allows them to be agile in how quickly they can develop and quickly change directions if needed.
Forge
For those not familiar with CCGs, the Forge is similar to drafting in Magic: The Gathering. Basically it's a small tournament that you bring an X amount of packs of cards, open the pack, choose a card from it and then pass the rest of the cards to the person sitting next to you. They choose a card and then pass it and it keeps going until all cards are dealt out. You then build your deck on the cards you got and play against the others in your pool of cards to see who built the better deck basically.
Unfortunately the Forge wasn't available in the internal alpha build we got to play and that seems to be because they are reworking how the Forge works. Because of that not much information was really given on the Forge. We know that you will be able to buy into the Forge using the new gold currency, this is a change in using your packs of cards to enter the Forge. One of the reasons for this change is because players were saving their packs for Forge use instead of opening their packs and since they made opening packs a really fun thing they didn't like that players were kind of being pushed away from that experience.
Another issue that is being discussed is what exactly you get when you compete in the Forge. It sounds like you won't get the cards you picked because they don't want players to have to decide between picking a card they need in their collection vs. picking a card that will help them win. It also stops people from “rare hoarding” where they jump in and grab all the rarest cards they can even if it means they build a crappy deck in the process. Because of this it is very likely players will not get to keep the cards they choose and will probably get some random cards at the end or some other system.
This is likely one of the systems that is currently keeping this game from entering beta right this minute.
Gold
I asked how gold was going to work, and as of right now there are no real details. In fact one of the designers said it's something he was actually working on the morning that we arrived. We did however learn that gold will be earned primarily through completing the various daily quests you can do as well as expert packs being earned that way as well. Like the Forge it seems this is one of the things keeping the game from entering beta.
Mobile
We had a chance to play one game each on the iPad version and it's very polished as well. The iPad version however will not be available for beta and will release sometime after the PC/Mac version. The iPad versions they are supporting is the iPad 2 and up which also includes the iPad Mini.
As of right now they are solely focused on support for the iPad but they are looking into other platforms as well. One of the roadblocks they are focusing on is making sure if you are logged into your account on the PC version that your cards persist over to the mobile version as well. I think once they figure that out they will start looking into other platforms but keep in mind that Android is a completely different beast than iOS with all of the different devices, resolutions, and versions that plague the Android system which is one of the benefits as well as downfalls on being an open platform as opposed to the strict and locked down iOS.
The primary focus right now though is making a dynamic backend with battle.net so that porting over to other devices will be easier.
When is Beta?
We don't know yet – we weren't given a date. However, from my own personal experience and how well the polished game is, unless the gold, daily quests, and overhaul to the forge causes some unforeseen problems – my best guess is we'll see beta in the next 2-4 weeks.
Want to Learn More?
Want to learn more and hear about my overall thoughts? Tonight on TwizzCast at 9 PM CST I will be on the show and we'll primarily be talking about the trip and about Hearthstone. Also joining us will be Liam from Hearthstone Players who also attended the event. If you miss the live show tonight we will have it available for download on Monday.
I would definitely like to thank the Blizzard community team and the Hearthstone development team for inviting us out to this event. I went in with huge expectations on Hearthstone and walked away even more excited about this game than I was before. Seriously, I'm actively going through Hearthstone withdrawals right now and can't wait to really dig more into this game when it releases in beta.
Speaking of which, pay attention to us and those other fansites that were at the event. The potential at beta key giveaways from us and them is pretty high.
I will leave you with some fun photos I was able to take while on campus.
CHIEFS for MEN Natural Face Wash
PURIFY: Organic Essential Oils completely remove dirt and oil, leaving your skin feeling alive and fresh. Works great with sensitive skin and with acne.
Organic Essential Oils completely remove dirt and oil, leaving your skin feeling alive and fresh. Works great with sensitive skin and with acne. ENERGIZE: Caffeine from Yerba Mate Extract and Peppermint Essential Oils stimulate body and mind. It's a face wash you can feel.
Caffeine from Yerba Mate Extract and Peppermint Essential Oils stimulate body and mind. It's a face wash you can feel. RESTORE : Aloe Vera with antioxidants, enzymes, vitamin A, vitamin C, to exfoliate and restore your skin.
: Aloe Vera with antioxidants, enzymes, vitamin A, vitamin C, to exfoliate and restore your skin. FRESH: Mint, Citrus with Woodsy Undertones, it's a confident smell and the right first step for your day or night.
Mint, Citrus with Woodsy Undertones, it's a confident smell and the right first step for your day or night. Earth-Grown Ingredients: Organic Coconut Oil, Organic Olive Oil, Organic Jojoba Oil, Organic Aloe Vera, Rosemary Extract, Yerba Mate Extract, Peppermint Essential Oil, Litsea Cubeba Essential Oil, Camphor Essential Oil, Eucalyptus Essential Oil, Citric Acid.
Face Wash Notes:
Rarely will a new business owner change a formula, especially when it's working, customers are buying and the product is winning awards.
But we're here to #raisethestandard.
Improving on an award winning product isn't a challenge that we took lightly or for no reason.
The previous ingredient profile included:
Distilled Water, Saponified Olive, Safflower/Sunflower, Coconut, Decyl-Glucoside, Lauryl Betaine, Coco Betaine, Xanthan Gum, Aloe Vera, Citric Acid, Menthol, Peppermint, Eucalyptus Leaf.
Most of they are unnatural, synthetic ingredients that can damage the skin, leaving your face feeling dried out and actually in worse condition than before.
Product development, ingredient sourcing and manufacturing was lead by the team at Natural Stacks. We started working on the formula in September of 2017, the same time as the Natural Body Wash.
We went into development with the goal to keep the same Chiefs for Men experience, to be the energizing part of your morning or evening face wash routine.
That means separate functions; energy, cleanse and scent.
Energy - We removed the menthol and added Yerba Mate Tea extract, it's antioxidant rich and ~ the same level of caffeine as coffee.
Cleanse - We removed Saponified Olive Oil, Safflower/Sunflower Oil, Aloe Vera and replaced with Organic Aloe Vera, Organic Jojoba Oil, Organic Coconut Oil and Organic Olive Oil.
Scent - Litsea Cubebea Essential Oil from South East Asia for a citrus scent.
It took us over 13 months to get it right.
CHIEFS FOR MEN PRODUCTS ARE NOT MASS PRODUCED AND ARE NOT DESIGNED FOR MASS CONSUMPTION.
Please note that on this performance date Flora Street will be closed between Pearl and Jack Evans from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. Instead, please use the northbound service road of Woodall Rogers to access the Center.
A new Disc Jockey is shipped from Crete to Vietnam to bring humor to Armed Forces Radio. He turns the studio on its ear and becomes wildly popular with the troops but runs afoul of the middle management who think he isn't G.I. enough. While he is off the air, he tries to meet Vietnamese especially girls, and begins to have brushes with the real war that never appears on the radio. Barry Levinson directs Robin Williams in this 1987 classic.
New this season – picnic boxes!
When you RSVP online, you'll have the option to pre-purchase picnic boxes to enjoy during the movie. For just $25 plus sales tax, enjoy a gourmet picnic meal for two designed to pair perfectly with either beer or wine. Picnic boxes must be ordered by 5 p.m. on Friday, September 26.
Beer pairing
Handmade Pretzel Sandwich for Two with Virginia ham, swiss, & arugula served along with dill pickles, grain mustard, beer nuts, Potato Salad, Ginger Spiced Carrot Cake & Cracked Pepper Chips
Wine Pairing
A selection of Artisan Cheeses & Cured Meats served along with Marinated Olives, Artichoke Lemon Pesto, Fresh Baked Sourdough, and Chocolate Truffles.
Sponsors
Buffalo Sabres center Jack Eichel has been on a heck of a run. If he'd been scoring at this pace all season on a team in a playoff position, there might be MVP consideration. It took him a while to get up to speed following the recovery of his high ankle sprain, and he now says he's 100 percent. He's probably been for a while.
It's not too late to sign up for ESPN fantasy baseball! Renew an existing league, or sign up to play in a new one. Either way, it's free. Sign up now!
Sabres coach Dan Bylsma pinpointed the date of Feb. 1 as a good marker for when his game hit the stride its currently on. Since the start of February, Eichel has 29 points in 25 games. Only Patrick Kane and Nicklas Backstrom have more in that stretch.
“Now he's just at a point-per-game for the year. Translate that over the course of an 82-game season. ... It's a remarkable season and it's a sign of his growth as a player,” Bylsma said. “He's leaps and bounds ahead of where he was last year.”
For as much attention the top two picks in the 2016 draft have received -- Auston Matthews and Patrik Laine -- Eichel's surge is a reminder that the very top of the 2015 class is better, with Eichel going second behind Connor McDavid.
It also brings up an interesting debate. Which top-two tandems are the best since 2000?
UPDATE: Check out highlights from Saved by the Max's menu here.
On Saved by the Bell, Zack, Kelly and the gang attended the fictional Bayside High, located in the equally fictional neighborhood of Palisades, Los Angeles. Last year, a pop-up diner based on the gang's favorite hangout, The Max, opened in Chicago. After a sold-out run in the Windy City, the diner is “graduating” and going on the road. Its first stop is its TV hometown, Los Angeles.
The pop-up opens on May 1, 2018. Tickets are on sale online now for dinner and brunch service. In addition to the main space decorated as “The Max,” there is a second room designed as “Mr. Belding's Office” which will also be available for private event rentals, should you have a special occasion that needs some Saved by the Bell flair. Saved by the Max will be located at 7100 Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood, in the West Hollywood Gateway shopping center.
Photo via Saved by the Max
The attention to detail is pretty intense. You'll literally feel like you're visiting the fictional diner on a day when Slater, Jessie, Screech and their friends just happened to be busy elsewhere. There will be a full menu, including a variety of diner food dishes with Bayside-inspired names, and a cocktail list which, inevitably, includes an I'm So Excited drink (vodka, Red Bull, and rosé, just like Jessie would have wanted… maybe?).
Photo via Saved by the Max
Some fans show up dressed as their favorite Saved by the Bell characters. One couple even got engaged at the Chicago edition, according to Derek Berry, one of three partners behind the diner. He said, “I looked over and saw this guy proposing to his girlfriend, who was dressed as Kelly Kapowski. It was surprising, touching, a little weird, and mostly awesome.”
Photo via Saved by the Max
RELATED: Scene It Before: Ulysses S. Grant High School from Saved by the Bell
Cover of September 2014 "Wired" magazine, featuring Edward Snowden, photographed by Platon. (Photo11: Platon/Wired)
Development of a U.S. counterattack for cyberterrorism that could do more harm than good was one of the final events that drove Edward Snowden to leak government secrets, the former National Security Agency contractor tells Wired magazine.
Snowden, photographed for the story clutching an American flag, said the MonsterMind program was designed to detect a foreign cyberattack and keep it from entering the country. But it also would automatically fire back. The problem, he said, is malware can be routed through an innocent third-party country.
"These attacks can be spoofed," he told Wired. "You could have someone sitting in China, for example, making it appear that one of these attacks is originating in Russia. And then we end up shooting back at a Russian hospital. What happens next?"
Snowden, 31, also told the magazine he hopes to return to the U.S. someday.
"I told the government I'd volunteer for prison, as long as it served the right purpose," he said. "I care more about the country than what happens to me. But we can't allow the law to become a political weapon or agree to scare people away from standing up for their rights, no matter how good the deal. I'm not going to be part of that."
Snowden was a contractor for Booz Allen Hamilton when he leaked details of U.S. surveillance programs to The Guardian and The Washington Post. The first reports were published in June 2013, setting off an immediate global firestorm. Snowden, who was in hiding in Hong Kong at the time, fled to Moscow where he still lives.
His impact had staying power.
President Obama promised to scale back surveillance of American citizens. Germany ordered the CIA station chief out of the country. The Guardian and Post won the Pulitzer prize for public service for their coverage.
Snowden previously expressed interest in returning to the United States, but said he feared an unjust trial on charges of espionage and theft of government property could result in a lengthy prison sentence. He remains adamant that what he did was for the good of the country.
MonsterMind for example, he told Wired, could accidentally start a war. And it's the ultimate threat to privacy because it requires the NSA to gain access to virtually all private communications coming in from overseas.
"The argument is that the only way we can identify these malicious traffic flows and respond to them is if we're analyzing all traffic flows," he said. "And if we're analyzing all traffic flows, that means we have to be intercepting all traffic flows. That means violating the Fourth Amendment, seizing private communications without a warrant, without probable cause or even a suspicion of wrongdoing. For everyone, all the time."
It's an example of the breadth of NSA surveillance, he said. And everybody forgot about or simple ignored the rules.
"You get exposed to a little bit of evil, a little bit of rule-breaking, a little bit of dishonesty, a little bit of deceptiveness, a little bit of disservice to the public interest, and you can brush it off, you can come to justify it," Snowden told Wired. "But if you do that, it creates a slippery slope that just increases over time. And by the time you've been in 15 years, 20 years, 25 years, you've seen it all and it doesn't shock you. And so you see it as normal."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/Vlx72O
Share. A two-hour hands-on with Eidos Montreal's gutsy stealth reboot. A two-hour hands-on with Eidos Montreal's gutsy stealth reboot.
The more I stole, the happier I became.
As I swiped every golden chalice, cut out every rare painting, and ratcheted every City Heritage plaque out of the City's walls, my gameplay satisfaction rose in direct proportion to my coin count. Thief is quiet, unrepentant stealth that, unlike many genre contemporaries, can't also be played “panther-style” in order to satisfy the action-craving masses. And I love that about it. But, even after a two-hour session in the free-roaming City area, I still have some concerns.
Exit Theatre Mode
The first thing I did was turn off the rather large mini-map which not only offended my old-school Thief sensibilities, but also happened to take up far too much real estate on the screen. I also wanted to disable the Riddick-esque “eye shine” that fogs the outer edges of the screen when you're completely in the shadows, but sadly was unable to do so.
Rather than focus on the four open-world, standard-fare, tackle-them-in-any-order missions I took on during my two hours with Thief – which included lifting paintings, pens, hand-mirrors, and watches from apartments around the sometimes-confusingly-laid-out City – I'd like to spotlight my favorite part of my play session: a side mission dubbed “Hand Tailored.” Triggered when I searched the body of a man whose corpse fell from the ceiling when I accessed a secret room during one of the four primary tasks, I was given the optional, loot-building goal of lifting a mechanical hand that was as rare as it was valuable.
Exit Theatre Mode
“ Thief is quiet, unrepentant stealth that, unlike many genre contemporaries, can't also be played “panther-style” in order to satisfy the action-craving masses.
This was a true side quest in that, when I arrived in the separate mini-area the mission resided in, I was given a special set of optional goals. If I could get past the two guards up front, successfully infiltrate the three-floor building, retrieve the hand without alerting or engaging any guards, and make off with 100% of the area's loot, I'd be rewarded with a highly desirable cash bonus.
Granted, this is always the goal in some form or another in Thief, but having it presented as a direct challenge with appropriate rewards provided an incentive I couldn't pass up. Especially because the challenge area – the home/shop of a tailor named Alfonso – was just that: a challenge. Multiple entry points from the outside paired with tense, tight quarters inside made the mission irresistible for me. Rather than take the front or back doors, I clambered up the side of the building and entered through the upstairs window. It didn't take long for me to fail the secondary “ghost” objective, as one of the two guards on patrol upstairs stole a glimpse of me, alerting the other and triggering a fight I barely survived by repeatedly whacking my attackers in the head with my Blackjack club.
Exit Theatre Mode
I thought I might at least be able to nab every last bit of Alfonso's loot – until I got down to the first floor where most of the loot was and saw no fewer than three guards milling about. It would be impossible to get my hands on all the valuables with them around, so I'd have to distract them somehow. In the spirit of the mission, I couldn't use Thief's new temporarily disabling choke arrows, so with my health already low after the fight upstairs, I instead made my way down to the basement, where I grabbed the hand from a safe behind a painting, and then hightailed it out of there.
In a pleasant, unexpected surprise, when I reached the area exit, I was greeted with a results screen outlining my performance. For swiping some but not all of the loot and being forced to knock out a couple of guards, I received an overall score of 68% for my efforts. Not bad, but I immediately wanted to revisit the challenge to take a shot at a perfect 100%. I hope Thief has a lot more of these types of graded tasks.
Exit Theatre Mode
“ I love how staunchly first-person it is; Garrett's hands, feet, and head-bobs never let you forget that you're playing a cloak-wearing ace larcenist.
Played on a high-end PC, Thief looks fantastic thanks to great lighting, atmospheric volumetric fog effects, and sufficiently moody art direction that fits the existing vibe of the franchise quite nicely (of note: Eidos Montreal told me they are targeting 1080p and 30 frames per second on the Xbox One and PS4 versions). I also love how staunchly first-person it is; Garrett's hands, feet, and head-bobs never let you forget that you're playing a cloak-wearing ace larcenist. But as satisfied as I am with Thief's core gameplay and visuals, I still have concerns about the world it inhabits.
It's the dialogue and voice acting that I'm primarily taking issue with. NPCs are walking anachronisms, dropping the ‘S' and ‘F' words like contemporary bros from California with nary a tongue-in-cheek “taffer” in earshot. It contrasts sharply with the game's pseudo-19th-century steampunk setting. Meanwhile, Garrett's original voice actor Stephen Russell and his charmingly dry, sarcastic portrayal of the master thief has been inexplicably dropped (sound familiar, Splinter Cell fans?). Worse still, the actor they replaced him with offers nothing distinctive; his Garrett sounds like an Everybro who could be in any game in any era (sound familiar again, Splinter Cell fans?). Even the sound of Garrett's quest-giving pal Basso just didn't sit right with me. Take a look at the gameplay trailer at the top of the page and listen for yourself.
Exit Theatre Mode
Highly subjective personal gripes aside, I genuinely like Thief so far...I just don't love it. And that disappoints me, because I really, really want this reboot to resurrect Thief as admirably as Eidos Montreal already did with Deus Ex. Admittedly, though, what I played was only a small slice, with a bunch of the free-roaming City sections closed off. Thus, I didn't get a good feel for the new Thief's level design, which has always played a particularly key role in this franchise's success – see Thief II's “Life of the Party” mission and Thief: Deadly Shadows' “Shalebridge Cradle” as primary examples. Hopefully Garrett's return will be just as memorable for similarly right reasons.
Ryan McCaffrey is IGN's Executive Editor of Previews and Xbox Guru-in-Chief. Follow him on Twitter at @DMC_Ryan, on IGN, catch him on Podcast Unlocked, and drop-ship him Taylor Ham sandwiches from New Jersey whenever possible.
Singapore - Votes have been cast in Egypt, and the question that should be on the mind of every Egyptian and Arab should be: Has the revolution been voted out?
This is one reason why the second run-off in mid-June - now likely to be between Dr Mohammed Morsi and Ahmed Shafiq - will be a referendum on the revolution, no longer a mere contest between two presidential candidates. With the stakes for the revolution being higher than ever, the results raise more questions than answers.
Free Egypt: The sleeping Arab giant awakes
In themselves, the elections - the third (behind Parliamentary and Shura council elections) in the painstaking initial process of democratic reconstruction - are a landmark event for Egyptian and Arab democratic reconstruction.
The figures speak for themselves: 41 per cent of 50 million registered voters, divided over 13,100 districts, and a total of 9,293 polling-station. Thirteen candidates contested the first round in May, competing to be the country's first popularly and democratically elected president.
In particular, its significance for Libya and Tunisia cannot be emphasised enough.
Failure here would cast a shadow over progression in the two other Arab Spring states, and its spectre will also hang over how this fervour unfolds in Bahrain, Syria, and Yemen. Failure for this revolutionary moment could just be around the corner: the return of the folool (relics or remnants of the Mubarak regime) to the apex of power.
To an extent, there is a quasi-illegal aspect in these elections: according to the country's law of disqualification, designed to bar the folool from returning to power, Ahmed Shafiq's candidacy should never have been allowed.
It will remain one of the mysteries of these elections and the whole process of transition in Egypt as to why Mubarak's last prime minister was given the green light to contest the elections - as was the case with Omar Sulayman - and the democratically elected parliament was overruled in its decision to ban Shafiq.
If Dr Mohammed Morsi prevails in the mid-June run-off elections - which is very likely - the result may sway Tunisian and Libyan Islamists to borrow a leaf from Egypt's Ikhwan (Islamic Brotherhood) and field their own presidential candidates.
The stakes are high for Egyptians, the Arabs and even the world. The United States, Israel, Saudi Arabia, and even Iran will be watching these polls very closely.
Egypt's Choice: Morsi and Shafiq emerge as frontrunners
The revolution: A lame duck?
The results in the presidential runoff thus far have been shocking, and worries a folool could win, although alarming, has reminded the electorate not to become complacent, and to partake in voting. It is a rude awakening in a constituency increasingly noted for polarisation and revolutionary wariness, discerning a decrease in voter turnout compared to the previous two elections for parliament and shura council.
Those who resisted and defiantly ousted Mubarak now face the prospect of a return of a key figure in the ousted regime that was being groomed to replace Field Marshal Tantawi. This is akin to the last nail in the coffin of a revolution let down by all actors involved in the transition phase.
The rude awakening apart, the results are not all bad news.
This is what the Egyptian presidency has revealed: massive endorsements of figures like Hamdeen Sabbahi, till six months ago no more than political footnote, bodes well for the future of political parties. His ranking in third place, with more than a fifth of the total vote, qualifies him to lead a socialist/Nasserist political party.
The same goes for Abdel Moneim Abolfotouh, who polled more than 18 per cent of the vote. Better still, if these two individuals coalesce they can enliven Egypt's political map for the better. However, ideological differences may not favour such a scenario.
Morsi vs Shafiq
Under pressure from various quarters, a pseudo-revolutionary narrative was initiated under the auspices of the Shafiq campaign. The idiom recycled the fear-mongering of the ousted regime using the tropes of an Islamist take-over of Egypt and the spectre of total chaos in the country's streets.
What distinguished Shafiq from other candidates in this campaign was a thinly veiled counter-revolutionary posturing that attempted to refashion him as a man of the state able to ensure political stability in the face of post-revolutionary disorder.
Against this background, those who voted for Shafiq responded to cues that struck deep-seated chords in Egyptian society pandering to actual or imagined fears: a large number of Copts, and the wide spectrum of the folool and their clients.
Morsi's campaign pandered to the metaphor of "Nahdah" (renaissance), an Islamist logo par excellence. However, even this was not in these elections electrifying. Their brilliance in mobilisation and organisation - and getting the voters of their core constituency to polling stations - got the Ikhwan and Freedom and Justice Party (FJP) enough votes to give Morsi pole position.
Yet even this result belies ambivalence with potentially perilous implications: has the revolutionary ethos and popular support of the January 25 revolution worn thin? It is as if the transition has become a bittersweet interval in the post-Mubarak reconstitution of the Egyptian polity.
Inside Story - A showdown between old and new in Egypt
In this vein, the Ikhwan are not blameless. They have partly played ball with the very forces whose counter-revolutionary machinations have since the revolution been obviously conspicuous. A combination of realpolitik and ideological purity, as they have been challenged to respond to diverse audiences within and without Egypt, meant their balancing-act politics could not be devoid of punishing disequilibrium.
Thus the Ikhwan and the FJP have not polled enough to win an outright majority in the first round of the long-awaited presidency. Through arrogance, misplaced sense of overconfidence, they opted to field their own candidate when there was a plethora of Islamist candidates, like Abdel Moneim Abolfotouh. In fact, they have divided the Islamist vote and perhaps cost Abolfotouh the opportunity to be the country's first democratically elected president. Alternatively, they could have endorsed a non-Islamist candidate such as Hamdeen Al-Sabbahi, which would have increased their political capital amongst the leftists and the revolutionaries.
They equally worked in cahoots with SCAF when they went ahead with the 19 March 2011 constitutional amendments. And they applied pressure on SCAF to dissolve the Ganzouri Government and speed up the process of handing over power only when it became evident that the top brass was putting a spanner in the works of a smooth and swift democratic transition.
Morsi can still win the mid-June run-off, but this requires a paradigm shift. And such a shift will be the only way to avert degeneration of the revolution into a mere coup by the ballot box - as opposed to the bullet - staged by SCAF, on behalf of the folool, as a stakeholder in the ousted regime.
The clock cannot be turned backwards, given the huge sacrifice by all Egyptians. And there is no denying that some of the credit of the revolution was due to the Ikhwan throwing their weight behind the early Tahrir Square critical mass.
The French turn: The June run-off
As in the French elections, the Egyptian first round of the presidency proved to be a kind of vote driven by anger, expressing a backlash against the new political class's failure to measure up to the promises of the revolutionary moment. Hence the second round features as the plebiscite, to vote in a fashion that champions the common good, ie safeguard the revolution and its gains, propelling it forward as the means to break once and for all with the dictatorial past.
Between them, the key three leading non-establishment candidates - Morsi (24.9 per cent), Sabbahi (21 per cent), and Abolfotouh (19 per cent) - polled nearly 65 per cent of the popular vote. That is a clear expression of popular will for a non-establishment or non-folool candidate. The vote therefore was not a vote against the revolution. Nor the vote for Shafiq is meaningful when one looks at the big picture.
The role of religion in Egypt's election
In this respect, the Ikhwan are to blame. They have reneged on their earlier pledge not to contest the presidential elections.
And it is that miscalculation that today has placed the revolution on an unsteady footing at the end of what was meant to be the culmination of the transition period. Worse still is that having erred on the side of caution, the Ikhwan have not only divided the popular vote, but also opened the door for a man closely associated with Mubarak to recapture the highest political office in Egypt.
Faced with this sinister scenario, boycott of the mid-June run-off elections cannot be an option for those who rose up against dictatorship in the January 25 revolution. Similarly, it is no longer for the Ikhwan, and many of its high-ranking members opposed fielding a presidential candidate.
To this end, Morsi and the machinery behind him must broaden their political horizon when devising tactics and strategies for the run-off round. This they must do with Sabbahi, Hamdeen, Al'Awwa, Ahmed Maher and the April 6 Movement, Copts, women, amongst others.
A contract is needed for going back to the basics of revolutionary transition: coalition-building, compromise, broad inclusiveness, partnership, and power-sharing. The ball is particularly in the Ikhwan and FJP's court. There is a single lesson and trajectory henceforth: to rule with others through a contractual and normative agenda that transcends ideology, partisanship and interest.
The June referendum is a rendezvous with history for all Egyptians - and Arabs. It will be the vote of the century - no election will have such significance for the presence and future of a nation and the Arab world as whole. It is the vote by which a nation will either live or die, and the flames of a revolution will once again be extinguished or rekindled.
Dr Larbi Sadiki is a Senior Lecturer in Middle East Politics at the University of Exeter, and author of Arab Democratization: Elections without Democracy (Oxford University Press, 2009) and The Search for Arab Democracy: Discourses and Counter-Discourses (Columbia University Press, 2004).
Unlike the Nintendo Switch, Twelve South's HiRise 2 iPhone stand is not exactly new. But, as the company's enterprising marketing team has discovered, it is perhaps the best-looking solution for standing up your Nintendo Switch while charging it at the same time.
While using Nintendo's own charging dock only allows you to play the Switch on a connected screen, using the built-in kickstand results in a flimsy setup that blocks the USB-C port on the bottom, the HiRise 2 solves all of those problems, allowing you to charge the Switch while standing it up on a desk and still allowing you to play it. The matte black aluminum design also looks rather nice when paired with Nintendo's console, too.
Another benefit: the stand doesn't block the Switch's air-intake ports, which are not as likely to run when you're using the console away from a TV, but should nevertheless not be covered if at all possible.
Unfortunately, using Twelve South's Apple-focused dock as a Switch stand has some costs. First is that of the dock itself, which isn't exactly cheap at $40. Next, the HiRise is specifically designed to only fit Apple's own charging cables, so you'll probably need to pick up one of Apple's USB-C cords, for another $19. Then, you'll still need a powerful enough USB-C wall adapter that can charge the Switch while you play (at least 39W at 15V/2.6A), which aren't exactly cheap either. (Apple's $69 61W MacBook Pro charger will do the job.)
Obviously, that's a pretty price for a stand. But if you're not willing to drop the money on this, it's worth remembering that the market is still nascent when it comes to Switch accessories, and that we'll hopefully see some more Switch-focused docks in this design style soon.
Nintendo Switch hardware review
Donald Trump's highly publicized veterans fundraiser on Thursday night will benefit his own charitable foundation, DailyMail.com can reveal.
Ultimately, Trump's press secretary Hope Hicks said Thursday afternoon, 'the money will go to a number of Veterans charities and organizations.'
The campaign has been coy about which organizations will eventually see a cash infusion.
Trump tweeted on Thursday: 'It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! #Trump4Vets http://www.DonaldTrumpForVets.com.'
The link goes to a website run by the Donald J. Trump Foundation, which promises that '100% of your donations will go directly to Veterans needs.'
He told Fox News host Bill O'Reilly on Wednesday night that 'we're going to raise a lot of money for the veterans. A lot of money is going to be raised. A lot of people are going to be there, and I can do some good.'
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS
DONALD TRUMP FOR VETS: The Republican presidential front-runner is raising money through his private foundation to benefit veterans charities but his campaign wont say which ones
DRAMA: Trump's veterans fundraiser will compete head-to-head with a Republican debate in Iowa
'100%': Trump's foundation pledges that every penny donated through the website 'will go directly to Veterans needs'
The DonaldTrumpforVets.com Web domain was registered early Thursday morning, Internet records show, by Brad Parscale, the San Antonio-based website developer who handles Trump's campaign website.
Hicks did not respond to a question about whether using the foundation as a pass-through vehicle was a last-minute decision.
But even The Donald didn't seem to be in the loop about the website's final name, mistakenly tweeting at first that 'trumpforveterans.com' would be the repository for donations.
Trump has made the treatment of American military veterans a centerpiece of his campaign, complaining at public rallies that the Obama administration's Department of Veterans Affairs needs a dramatic overhaul.
He appeared in September aboard the USS Iowa in the Los Angeles harbor, saying against a backdrop of seafaring cannons that 'we have illegal immigrants that are treated better than our veterans.'
Trump announced this week that he would skip Thursday's Fox News Channel/Google debate, the last one of its kind before Monday's Iowa caucuses, because the network trolled him with a sarcastic statement suggesting he was afraid to face questions from moderator Megyn Kelly.
Kelly and Trump have a longstanding feud that dates back to the first Fox News debate in August, when she led off the event with a tough question about the billionaire's past barbs aimed at women he didn't like.
Instead, he is hosting his own rally less than 2 miles away. Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum, the winners of the last two Iowa GOP caucus contests, will join him after they participate in the 'undercard' debate reserved for low-polling Republicans.
LAST MINUTE PLAN? The Trump veterans fundraising website was set up in the wee hours of Thursday morning, just hours before he started tweeting about it
The Trump foundation itself has a spotty record to date of donating to veterans charities, one that will likely see a reinvention if The Donald's supporters donate heavily this week.
Its future donations won't be publicly known until its 2016 taxes are filed, which won't happen until at least the middle of 2017 – long after the election that will either make him President of the United States or send him back to the real estate world.
The foundation could alternatively choose to publish a list of donations long before then, and Trump's rivals may insist on it.
Forbes magazine reported in October that '[t]he Donald J. Trump Foundation has donated $5.5 million to 298 charities between 2009 and 2013 (the most recent year available), according to the non-profit's 990 tax forms from those years.'
'Of that, only $57,000 has been donated to seven organizations that directly benefit military veterans or their families. ... Wounded Warriors was not among the organizations Trump's foundation gave to in that time period.'
But Hicks told The Weekly Standard on Wednesday that the Republican front-runner has dipped into his own pockets to support vets.
'Mr. Trump has made significant financial and in kind contributions to many Veterans organizations, personally and not through the Donald J. Trump foundation,' she said.
One veterans group, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, said Tuesday that it will decline any money from Trump's Des Moines event.
THE RIGHT TWEET: Trump had to delete his first promotional tweet about the fundraiser after he sent out the wrong website address – getting it right the second time
'Donald Trump is not a leader in veterans' philanthropy, unless he's donated a lot of money that nobody knows about,' the group's president Paul Rieckhoff, an Iraq War veteran, told The New York Times last year.
Rieckhoff tweeted Tuesday: 'If offered, @IAVA will decline donations from Trump's event. We need strong policies from candidates, not to be used for political stunts.'
Trump's foundation has attracted unwelcome attention in the past after The Smoking Gun reported that the billionaire had never donated to charities engaged in relief work following the 9/11 terror attacks in 2001.
That report was based on an analysis of the Trump Foundation's tax returns.
A community is rallying behind an autistic janitor who was fired on Long Island.
Hundreds poured into a school board meeting demanding he be rehired.
The janitor was let go over an outburst.
He was apparently the subject of ongoing bullying and students say he simply lost it.
Mel Turner lost his job and with that he lost his connection with the community because he would not be allowed to attend any school related events, like the big homecoming game.
But, he didn't lose the love and support of the Wantagh community.
Parents say 45-year-old Mel Turner remembers everyone's birthday, he just needs to hear it one time.
His autism gave him that talent, it's also meant he's been bullied his whole life.
In July, A group of kids cursed and teased him.
When he walked home that day, he saw a different group of kids and allegedly threatened to blow up the school.
Those kids recorded his outburst and turned the recording over to school officials who suspended and then fired him.
Hundreds crowded Thursday's school board meeting to stick up for Turner.
"He had a meltdown. He said horrific things. He said he's sorry. He just wants a second chance," said Patrick Ryder, Turner's friend and neighbor.
Mel is thankful for the love and support his neighbors gave him.
He really just wants his job back.
"I didn't mean what I said. I feel bad," Turner said, "I promise I will never say it again, and I need a second chance at my job."
The school district explained their hands were tied because there are clear rules about making threats and the safety of students.
Late Thursday night, the school board lifted the restriction on attending school events and said they would reconsider allowing Mel Turner to return to his job.
---
Get Eyewitness News Delivered
Facebook | Twitter | Newsletters | Text Alerts
The War on Drugs doesn't have a lot of defenders left, and with good reason.
It's been a decadeslong disaster, leading to overcrowded jails and prisons, a shameful legacy of incarcerating blacks at a far higher rate than people of other ethnicities and little if any reduction in the demand for drugs.
Nevadans have a chance to make meaningful progress by voting to legalize the recreational use of marijuana.
We encourage them to vote yes.
To explain why, we'll offer answers to key concerns.
• • •
Opponents: Given that marijuana is already legal for medicinal purposes in Nevada, why take this next step?
Response: Several reasons. At the most basic level, it doesn't make sense to keep directing limited law enforcement resources at low-level marijuana offenses. Regulating the production and sale of the drug would generate tax revenue and economic activity (more than $1.1 billion, according to one study), create jobs (nearly 29,000 have been created by Colorado's cannabis industry) and broaden the avenues for users to purchase the drug legally instead of from criminals.
• • •
Opponents: Considering all of the social problems we battle tied to alcohol consumption, legalizing another substance doesn't make sense.
Response: Marijuana is far less harmful to the body. It's less addictive, and there's never been a single overdose death recorded. And while alcohol is associated with violence and aggression, that's not the case with marijuana.
• • •
Opponents: Legalizing will create problems in the workplace — people coming to work high or smoking pot while on the job — and could discourage companies from locating in Nevada.
Response: The ballot initiative addresses this concern by specifically allowing employers to craft their own policies on drug testing. And if employees are worried about it, they're certainly not showing it in Colorado, where the economy is booming and unemployment was less than 4 percent in August.
• • •
Opponents: What about people driving while high?
Response: A valid concern. There are studies showing an increase in the number of drivers involved in fatalities in Colorado and Washington with marijuana in their systems. But in those studies, it's not indicated whether the drivers were impaired or at fault. Additionally, the Colorado Department of Transportation study did not cite marijuana use among significant contributing factors in data from 2015 traffic fatalities. Alcohol was on that list, as were distracted driving, dangerous motorcycle riding and failure to use safety belts.
• • •
Opponents: The ballot question is all about creating a market for Big Marijuana — corporations that will exploit consumers like the tobacco industry has done.
Response: So we should continue letting cartels and street gangs have exclusive control of the market? Look, people will definitely profit off of marijuana if Nevada legalizes it. But that's the same with any product. The difference is that the businesses selling it legally, unlike black marketeers, would be subject to state regulations on both production and sales.
• • •
Opponents: But there's still a black market for marijuana in places where it's been legalized.
Response: True. And there probably always will be, since there's still a black market for legal goods such as jewelry, guns and even alcohol. But just as most consumers choose to buy merchandise from legal businesses, it's reasonable to assume that most marijuana users will turn to legit sources. As the drug becomes legal in more and more places, the black market will lose more and more of its grip on the industry.
• • •
Opponents: Making marijuana easier to obtain will make it more available to children.
Response: The availability to children is a legitimate concern. But the largest survey of youths in Colorado actually shows that teen use is down since legalization and sits below the national average. As for concerns about children getting into their parents' supplies, that's a matter of personal responsibility among adults. Children get into all sorts of things that are bad for them — cleaning supplies, over-the-counter medicines, etc. — but we don't ban those products. We rely on parents to keep them secure.
• • •
Opponents: Yeah, but marijuana is also sold in edible products like brownies and candies, which kids are sure to eat if they find them.
Response: Ah, the “gummy bear” argument, alluding to marijuana products that are virtually indistinguishable from the popular candy. That's a real concern, too, and the state should address it by regulating packaging, shapes and types of products — as in Colorado, which recently passed legislation banning marijuana sold in the form of people, animals or fruit.
• • •
Opponents: Marijuana will be bad for tourism and conventions in Nevada. In Denver, conventiongoers have complained about an increasingly large number of vagrants who have been drawn to the downtown tourist corridor by the easy availability of marijuana.
Response: Goofy argument. Tourism and visitor spending in Colorado hit record levels in 2015. And Las Vegas isn't Denver; conventiongoers come here expecting to see things you don't see in Wichita. The bigger problem for Nevada would come if California and other states legalized recreational marijuana and we didn't, which could prompt potential tourists to go elsewhere.
Editor's note: Brian Greenspun, the CEO, publisher and editor of the Las Vegas Sun, has an ownership interest in Essence Cannabis Dispensary.
The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Government led by Narendra Modi has completed three years in office. That is more than a thousand days. Appraisals of the government's performance are the flavour of the season. In corporate settings, appraisals are relatively more straightforward because there is an agreed set of performance metrics and targets against which appraisal is made. An election manifesto does not necessarily serve as a template to evaluate a government. It is a list of vague promises with no specific timelines. Neither the political party nor the voter takes it seriously.
In any case, appraising employees and appraising a government are two different things. In the case of the latter, one should evaluate them not only for what they did but also for what they did not do. At the same time, one must keep the counterfactual in mind. If not NDA, who would have been in office and what would they have done? That too must be kept in mind. Then, the question is whether one evaluates the government purely on economic criteria or in other aspects too. Even with respect to the economy, what parameters do we choose and why? If one of the parameters is economic growth, to what extent, does the government of the day deserve credit or blame for it? Again, we must remember if they could have made it worse. If governing is not an easy task, evaluating governance seems harder!
Not too many mistakes until…
With all these caveats out of the way, one has to start somewhere. Clearly, where one would like to give a big credit to this government is that they have not committed too many mistakes. That is a big part of governance. Knowing what not to do is more important than knowing what to do. In governance, the latter is harder. In fact, when it comes to economic development, we have a better idea of what not to do.
However, with respect to acts of commission, we have broad brushstrokes for government policy: education, access to finance, a national market, and then we pray.
Until the Uttar Pradesh government announced a loan waiver, the NDA government had not announced a populist scheme even though it had continued with the policies of the previous government on food subsidy (Right to Food) and on employment guarantee, etc. The farm loan waiver was an unfortunate decision not because farmers did not deserve to be helped. They deserved to be aided but it should have been without destroying the culture of repayment and without setting a bad example for those who honour their commitment by repaying. Once norms are destroyed, they are hard to restore. Now, many other States are following in the footsteps of Uttar Pradesh. Further, the government must impose reciprocal obligations on farmers who benefit from loan waivers and it should think in terms of long-term measures including weaning many off unviable farming.
Apart from this significant blemish, the government has not committed too many major mistakes.
In fact, the second or perhaps the most important ‘act of non-commission' on the part of the government is the absence of big-ticket corruption. One only has to recall the debilitating impact corruption scandals had on the previous government. They induced policy paralysis as they robbed the government of credibility. They created a sense of malaise and lack of optimism in the society. In fact, the current mood of optimism, notwithstanding middling growth and sluggish job creation, could be traced to the absence of big corruption scandals in this government. That is worth praising and preserving.
… and the ‘Note-ban' too?
The de-monetisation initiative of the government or, more precisely, its ‘banning of high denomination notes' had come in for a lot of criticism. But, it was a bold experiment. That it did not seem to have cost the government politically is a different matter.
Has the exercise met the objectives that the government had announced? What is the impact on black money generation, on corruption and terrorism? Are there objective standards by which the government could be evaluated on the ‘note ban' decision? We do not have answers. Has the government made a dent on the pervasive informality of Indian farming and production in Indian factories? It is still premature to comment on these too. We have learnt that the government has added 9.1 million new taxpayers in 2016-17 based on the increase in the number of income tax returns filed. That is good news but not conclusive proof that ‘note ban' has resulted in a sustained improvement in tax collections.
Small businesses and informal credit markets (micro credit) were disproportionately affected by the ‘note ban' exercise. Whether and when they would be captured by data is anyone's guess. In fact, as Dr. Subbarao, former Governor of the Reserve Bank of India, argued in a note for the Institute of South Asian Studies, the correct benchmark to evaluate the note ban exercise is not the growth rate of the previous year (2015-16) but the growth that might have been achieved without the note ban exercise. On that basis, the ‘note ban' exercise may have shaved off more than a percentage point off the growth rate of the economy.
On the impact on small businesses, unfortunately, we may not see the impact in the data for quite some time. The Annual Survey of Industries (ASI) that tracks production, employment and value addition in registered factories releases its data with a long lag. Summary results for the year 2014-15 were published in March 2017. Therefore, data for 2016-17 will be available only in the first or second quarter of 2019.
In the first year of this government – in 2014-15, the proportion of factories that employ more than a hundred workers had registered a small increase. That is good news.
The total number of ASI registered factories for these three years was:
2012-13 179102
Advertisement
2013-14 185690
2014-15 189468
The number of factories registered under ASI and employing 100 or more workers is now 17.69 per cent of the total number of ASI registered factories. The number was 16.05 per cent in 2012-13 and 15.85 per cent in 2013-14. If this trend had been arrested by the note ban exercise, then indeed it will have extracted a heavy price.
The tag of ‘tax terrorism' sticks
Further, the government did not collect as much as it might have expected in black money declarations because the schemes usurped too much of taxpayers' wealth in terms of taxes on the declared wealth. It might be attributed to two attitudes: ‘punish the evildoer' mindset and risk aversion or a cautious attitude on the part of the bureaucracy that made them anxious about potential revenue foregone under a low tax rate. Both are not desirable traits in policymakers at all times. Indeed, the bureaucracy's naturally cautious inclinations might have also come in the way of the government continuing with its tax reforms. India had not fully put behind it the issue of retrospective taxation. Its Generalised Anti Avoidance Rules (GAAR) initiatives had witnessed some confusion and eventual backsliding. Reduction in corporate tax rates had been largely stillborn. Government's laudable attempt to reduce labour costs by bearing a portion of employer's statutory dues towards labour welfare had also not made much progress after an initial announcement in the 2016-17 budget presented in February 2016. Thus, while the reform of the indirect taxes can be said to have made a big leap forward with the potential introduction of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) from July this year, the government has barely scratched the surface on direct taxes. If anything, it has become more and not less complicated with the levy of additional cesses, etc. India remains a country of high tax incidence.
That is what makes the rising ‘class war' rhetoric from the Prime Minister worrisome. Clearly, it is no one's case that the Indian private sector is virtuous and that the government is vicious. If anything, Indian private sector is as much a part of India's development challenges as the government has been, if not more. However, the government will have earned the moral right to go after rent-seekers and the greedy and unscrupulous capitalists, if it had made India's tax policies and their administration reasonable and without making hostility towards the taxpayer its operating principle. If anything, this government has continued to practice ‘tax terrorism' – a phrase coined by the current Finance Minister to describe the tax policies of the previous government. The government had not done enough to climb the moral pedestal with authority.
In mitigation and in government's favour, one must acknowledge that this government had done very well to plug the round-tripping of domestic money sent overseas and recycled back into India by eliminating capital gains tax exemptions granted to specific international tax jurisdictions such as Mauritius, Singapore and Cyprus, under the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements India has signed with these countries. It is not a widely heralded reform but it is quite significant.
The good thing about GST: The GST Council
The GST has been long time coming. On the surface, the design might appear sub-optimal based on the number of rates and the number of categories of goods and services. However, India has to pay that price for its Federal structure. If its implementation proceeds without too many major hiccups and technical difficulties, it could boost economic activity and generate tax revenues for the Union and State governments. One of the significant unintended payoffs from the GST implementation is that States feel that they could use the GST council as a platform for inter-state consultation. The benefits from such an interaction are hard to quantify but harder to understate. It is actually very good news. Given India's size, many worthwhile initiatives remain confined to their local origins. Although the Ministry of Personnel, Personal Grievances and Pensions documents best practices and successful programmes from Districts and States, much more remains to be done on information sharing and replication of sound initiatives from one State to another. That the GST council could serve as a platform for that is a significant development.
For example, Madhya Pradesh government has been in the news for its rapid agricultural growth in recent years. The share of agriculture in the Gross State Domestic Product is nearly 40 per cent compared to the national average of 17 per cent. It will be useful if BJP-ruled States document their successes and failures, exchange notes on them and benefit from each other. It is disappointing that BJP ruled States had not done so.
Further, on administrative reforms, the NDA government had disappointed, notwithstanding some announcements on streamlining hiring and promotions to senior government positions. Indeed, many appointments have been made on merit but not all. For example, the Bank Boards Bureau has not been utilised for the purpose it was created. More importantly, the promise of the Prime Minister, before assuming office in May 2014, to have a council of Ministers comprising of super-Ministries, is largely unfulfilled. The improvement in the quality and speed of decision-making that such a structure could have delivered remains a matter of potential and conjecture. That is a pity. For example, we have multiple Ministries on transportation – Railways, Shipping, Civil Aviation and Surface Transport & Highways.
Infrastructure: a mixed picture
Of course, it is good news that the division of responsibility for transport solutions for the country has not come in the way of road construction picking up under this government. Contracts for road construction measured by ‘awarded length' in kilometres had picked up noticeably since 2014-15 (Chart 1).
Recently it was reported that the office of the district attorney of Orleans Parish is arresting and incarcerating victims who get scared and refuse to come to court to testify. Court Watch NOLA, a community group of volunteers who monitor New Orleans's criminal courts, issued a report showing that in 2016 alone, our prosecutor arrested and jailed six victims after they refused to come to court to testify for the prosecution. Four of these victims were survivors of attempted murders, one victim was a rape survivor, and the last survivor had a gun aimed at her. Our district attorney's office tried to arrest nine other crime victims for failing to cooperate, but could not find them.
Image Deborah Cotton self portrait Credit Deborah Cotton
Arresting victims for failing to testify for the prosecution fosters a sense of powerlessness by further victimizing the person. And it is a show of aggression by our elected officials who are supposed to be the authorities we turn to so that our sense of stability in our community can be restored. These old-school tough-on-crime prosecutors are behind the times. They approach crimes with a heavy-handedness. They ignore feedback from the community on what type of recovery is needed.
New Orleanians have legitimate cause for concern when reporting a crime. Our police department has been under a federal consent decree since 2012, which means our police department's track record for civil rights abuses has been so bad that the federal government has had to intervene. If we can't depend on our police force and our prosecutors to not attack or take advantage of us, how are we supposed to trust them with the “who did it” information that could get us killed?
The district attorney in New Orleans is not the only prosecutor jailing crime survivors when they get too scared to testify in court. The district attorney of Harris County, Tex., arrested and incarcerated a rape victim for failing to return to the stand to testify against her assailant. The rape victim had a mental breakdown when she was forced to testify in court; her trauma and fear were just too overwhelming, the support she was offered by the prosecution insufficient. That district attorney lost her re-election in part for jailing that rape victim. Harris County's new district attorney, Kim Ogg, was elected based on her promise to never arrest victims for failing to come forward.
When it came to my own cooperation with the prosecutor, I was reluctant. I'd finally clawed myself out of a pit of grief, despair and PTSD and I wanted to live again. Why should I risk my health to testify for the prosecution? In my case, there were more witnesses and victims than normally would agree to cooperate. The outrage caused by perpetrators opening fire into a crowd of innocent New Orleanians on Mother's Day broke down the community's reluctance. Additionally, our United States attorney, not our local district attorney, prosecuted the case. That made a difference, too.
I also didn't want to be part of the machine that sent men from my tribe to prison. As a black woman working on criminal justice reform, it breaks my heart to watch scores and scores of black and brown men in orange jumpsuits going into the tunnel of no return.
Tell Steph Hancock that one of the new members of the Jillaroos training squad is too in awe to approach her and the Australian skipper's face instantly begins to turn red.
Less than 24 hours earlier she was locked in a room with some of the game's most respected minds at her first meeting as part of the NRL competition committee, following an invitation she received from Todd Greenberg, read more than a dozen times and then rang the NRL to let them know they must have made a mistake.
But this is the position the captain of the Australian women's rugby league team now holds and her impact is being felt right across the country.
Ilaisaane Finau – herself with rich rugby league bloodlines that include former Kiwi prop Jason Lowrie – was invited to the Gold Coast for a three-day camp last weekend after being spotted playing for Western Australia at the State Afiliates championships in Darwin earlier this year.
Hailing from Port Hedland in the north-west corner of WA, Finau is a prop like Hancock and could barely contain her excitement at sharing a football field with the Aussie skipper.
"Steph is like my idol and for her to be here, oh my gosh... I just don't even look at her," Finau tells NRL.com.
"I'm trying to keep my distance; she's like Sonny Bill [Williams] to me."
Like that invitation to join the competition committee, it is information Hancock doesn't really know to process.
"No way; she's not telling the truth," Hancock says.
"I get private messages on Facebook from kids wanting signatures or stuff or clothes and it is daunting.
"Even if I go out home to Killarney or if I'm at the shopping centre at Warwick I've got young kids asking for my autograph. It's being asked to go to schools and speak to young kids about their problems and getting involved with footy, it's a bigger picture than just playing footy for 80 minutes these days.
"Walking in [to the competition committee meeting] there's Trent Robinson and Michael Maguire, Johnny Lang, 'Locky' (Darren Lockyer), Wayne Pearce so I sat down the end and for my first meeting just took it all in and didn't say too much."
In the two years since the Jillaroos' World Cup win in England the exposure of the women's game has climbed exponentially with a new major sponsor in Harvey Norman taking away any costs associated with travelling to camps and major events.
In February the Jillaroos and Kiwi Ferns will again be at the forefront of the Dick Smith NRL Auckland Nines and then the Aussie girls back up to take on the Women's Indigenous All Stars before the mid-year Test against the Kiwi Ferns.
"Because [the Nines] was televised when we got home, everyone at work, family... I had something like 87 new Facebook friend requests which is just ridiculous," Hancock said.
"I got private messages from people saying they had met me before, how impressed they were with how hard we hit and that it was the best game of footy they'd seen in a long time, things like that.
"Random people at the shops pulled me up and said, 'You played at the Nines.' It went a little bit hectic when we got home.
"Then the Anzac Test was televised and we got a lot of feedback from that and it's all very positive."
And they're just getting started.
I keep reminding myself that the idea even of a National Women's Soccer League franchise in Houston and a potential partnership with the Dynamo is only six months old. Chris Canetti, Brian and Randy have grown our team from an announcement on Twitter to a fully-rostered, professional organization in half that time. To add to the fray of the last three months, we have experienced a handful of season-ending or game-changing injuries and several various formations as we search for the perfect line-up. Our flexibility and willingness to try new things in the face of adversity are two things I've come to love most about our team. And this weekend was not without its challenges.
Having spent over seven years as a logistics officer in the U.S. Marine Corps, I've come to accept the idea of Murphy's Law (anything that can go wrong will go wrong) and, however difficult, I try to manage my expectations accordingly. This weekend was a true test of the team's ability to overcome Murphy and a seemingly endless barrage of delays and hiccups. On Saturday, the team faced a five-hour travel delay to Chicago and then torrential down pour and thunderstorms caused a three-hour game delay last night. Maintaining mental focus and physical readiness throughout such setbacks requires a certain amount of personal discipline and can be a challenge to even the most professional of athletes.
Although the delays and off-kilter schedule may have contributed to a slow start last night, the team showed tremendous fight following some half time adjustments and created several chances late in the game. The Chicago goal by Jen Hoy was unlucky for us but I am proud that our team regained our shape and continued to press through the end. Bianca Henninger had a phenomenal showing last night with huge one-on-one saves and Nina Burger's comfort attacking from the center showed but a sliver of what she's capable of. Now if only we can keep Murphy's Law out of the equation, Chicago will certainly have their work cut out for them when we face them again at home in just over two weeks.
Today is another travel day for the team and we will return to the practice field tomorrow in preparation for our match against Portland at BBVA Compass on Wednesday night. Having already played the Thorns in our inaugural match, we know what to expect for the most part and highly anticipate our chance to even the record at 1-1.
Christine Sinclair and Allie Long are obvious threats but in the last match-up we were able to keep them at bay for the most part. It will be nice to have center back Osinachi Ohale return to the roster following her red card against FC Kansas City and you can probably expect to see a similar defensive posture against Sinclair as you did in the first week. Not only has Osi shown incredibly well in the defensive third this season, she has promised to score a goal off a corner and I am holding her to it.
The season is just beginning and we have plenty left in store for us. The impending arrival of Whitney Engen and Meghan Klingenberg will bring us an additional source of composure and experience and will undoubtedly shake things up. In the meantime, we will continue to roll with the punches and keep up the fight. Good things will happen as we grow and come together as a team.
We just have to be patient.
Follow House Of Houston On Twitter – @HouseOfHouston
To Like House Of Houston On Facebook – Click Here
European Court of Justice has 28 judges, one from each member nation
The Supreme Court could decide to refer the whole matter to Luxembourg
High Court said Parliament had to have its say before Article 50 enacted
Eleanor Sharpston QC (pictured) has been Britain's judge on the European Court of Justice since 2006
A top judge has stoked the increasingly bitter row over Brexit by warning that the European Court of Justice will have the final say over the process.
In comments that will cause fury, Advocate General Eleanor Sharpston QC said the Luxembourg court was in charge of the 'rules of the club' and would be responsible for settling any disputes.
Tensions are reaching fever pitch amid a series of legal challenges to Theresa May's powers to trigger Brexit.
The government suffered an humiliating defeat in the High Court earlier this month, when it decided Parliament has to approve invoking Article 50 - the formal two-year mechanism for leaving the Brussels club.
The Supreme Court is due to consider an appeal next week in what could be a pivotal moment in the Brexit process.
A separate legal challenge is being threatened over whether leaving the EU automatically means quitting the single market - potentially requiring a distinct approval by parliament.
Ms Sharpston, who is the British judge on the ECJ, raised the prospect that the key decisions over how Article 50 proceeds will be taken by that court.
'If you join the club and you wish to leave the club, you leave in accordance with the rules when you join the club…the rules of this club are the ones contained in Article 50, and the interpretation of those rules is a matter for this Court (the ECJ),' she told Sky News.
Ms Sharpston told Sky News the ECJ would not interfere with the Supreme Court appeal and was 'fully aware of the sensitivity and delicacy and constitutional importance of the issue'.
The Supreme Court does have the power to refer the decision to the ECJ, which sits in Luxembourg.
The ECJ has 28 judges, one from each EU country.
EU council president Donald Tusk, pictured with Mrs May in Downing Street in September, angered British MPs by blaming UK voters for 'creating uncertainty' by opting for Brexit
Asked how quickly the ECJ could give a ruling if it was required, Ms Sharpston, 61, said: 'If you look at what has happened in the past when we've had an accelerated procedure, the answer is probably given within four to eight months.'
Earlier EU president Donald Tusk blamed the millions of Britons who voted for Brexit for creating uncertainty and dismissed calls from UK MPs for a quick deal over British expats in Europe as 'nothing to do with reality'.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she is eager to confirm EU nationals living and working in Britain can stay after Brexit but has insisted there must be a matching deal for Britons abroad.
Mrs May proposed a deal that could have been completed by the EU summit in two weeks' time but German Chancellor Angela Merkel refused.
Last night Mr Tusk, the EU Council president, heightened tensions as he dismissed a call from more than 80 MPs to facilitate talks on a reciprocal deal for foreign workers in order to reassure them of their rights to stay after Brexit - insisting June's Leave vote is the only cause of uncertainty.
(Left to right) Chuka Umunna, Nick Clegg and Anna Soubry have formed a cross-party pressure group, Open Britain, in a bid to influence the Brexit negotiations
The future of Poles in Britain was discussed at No 10 yesterday as Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo visited Downing Street for talks with Mrs May
He said it would amount to starting talks on Brexit and insisted this can only be done by Britain triggering Article 50 of the EU treaties.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said that if the vote were to go before Parliament he would not seek to overturn the Brexit decision.
FBI Director James Comey's letter about Hillary Clinton's emails was bewildering, short on facts — and unfair to voters
John Podesta Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 29, 2016
By now, you've probably heard some news about a bewildering letter sent to Congressional leaders by the Director of the FBI.
This is all a bit confusing, and much of the reporting has been misleading or downright inaccurate, so I want to take a minute to walk through this. Bear with me!
Here's the quick backstory: In July, FBI Director Jim Comey concluded a year-long investigation by deciding not to go forward with any case about Hillary's emails. It wasn't even a close call, he said. In his words, “no reasonable prosecutor” would have brought charges.
Yesterday, in a surprise to us all, Comey wrote a very strange letter to Congress that was long on innuendo and short on facts.
He said that in a completely separate investigation, the FBI had found some emails that may or may not be related to Hillary, and indeed may or may not be significant at all.
It's since been reported that these emails may not have even been sent by or to or Hillary; that they weren't withheld by Hillary or the campaign in the earlier investigation; and most or even all of them may be duplicates of emails already in the FBI's possession.
It's being reported that Comey sent this letter over the objections of Department of Justice officials who told him that it was inconsistent with longstanding policy of both Democratic and Republican administrations not to take action that might impact an election. It's an unprecedented intrusion into a close presidential election with less than 11 days until Election Day.
But by being vague and obfuscating, Comey opened the door to conspiracy theories, Republican attacks against Hillary, and a surge of fundraising for Trump and his team. So this bears repeating: There is no evidence of wrongdoing, no charge of wrongdoing, and no indication that any of this even involves Hillary.
Voters deserve answers.
Comey needs to come clean with the American people about what he found and answer all the questions about why he took this unprecedented step less than weeks before the election.
Here's what this changes for you and this campaign: Absolutely nothing.
Trump has spent more than a year trying to bully his way to the presidency. He's been browbeating the FBI (indeed, many have speculated that Comey took this extraordinary action in part to reduce the pressure on his agency that Trump's campaign and his Republican Congressional allies has been building up), leading crowds in chants of “lock her up,” and even saying Hillary should be in prison — and if he won, he'd put her there.
The facts be damned — Trump's always shown a complete disregard for the truth. In spite of there being no new information, he's already raising money off the bizarre letter (he literally sent a text message asking for money within an hour of the story breaking!) and he's more fired up than ever on the trail today.
These are the actions of a desperate man. Trump knows he can't win on his character, temperament, or his policies. He's behind, so he'll cling to whatever he can.
So, no, our strategy doesn't change. But our intensity needs to — because we can't let him get away with this.
Our organizers and volunteers on the ground are rallying behind Hillary in what will be the biggest volunteer weekend of the campaign so far. You need to have her back, too. You need to say you're not willing to let Trump bully or buy his way into the presidency, and you're not going to let anything stop us from making history.
There are ten days to go. Let's buckle down, stay focused, and win this:
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/donate/
Dan Pearson European Editor Thursday 28th May 2015 Share this article Share
Companies in this article 22 Cans
Peter Molyneux's studio 22Cans has named a new CEO in Simon Phillips, with co-founder Molyneux now focusing on his role as creative director. A wealth of other new hires accompany Phillips in what the studio is calling a "reboot".
Phillips has been an executive director at 22Cans since March and previously held positions at FairPlay Media and Gusto Games. He has over 20 years of industry experience.
"It's a great time to be part of the games and entertainment industry right now," said Phillips in a statement. "Not only are we seeing some amazing originalities in design but also some incredible innovations in the way these are executed from a business point of view. 22cans is unlike any team I've ever worked with before and has been one of the stand-out studios over the last three years. I'm super excited to be part of the future here and to help take 22cans to the next level.
"Running a business, especially a fast paced business like this, takes a lot of energy and focus. At 22cans we have a mission statement and that is 'To create World Changing ideas' and with Peter now able to fully immerse himself in the Creative Direction of not only Godus but The Trail and all the really smart, cool ideas we have, I believe we can do just that. It's important for us, as a studio, to fully understand what it is we do best and what our role is in delivering our ideas. I want to ensure the lifeblood of the studio is as creative and dynamic as possible."
As well as Phillips, 22Cans has hired Colin Gallacher as PR Manager, Anthony Straub as producer, Richard Williams as a programmer, Annah Wootten-Pinéles and Shay Hulbert in the art department and Ryan Singh as a programming intern.
With the new team, Molyneux's studio will be hoping to leave behind a difficult period which has seen huge public and media backlash against various aspects of the team's output, including the curious denoument to the saga of the 'winner' of Curiosity and a very negative reaction to a number of unfulfilled promises on the most recent title, Godus. Molyneux himself has been the target of a great deal of bad feeling, resolving to not speak to press ever again. His most recent public appearance, his first since that promise, failed to directly address any of the accusations he's faced, although there seemed to be some tacit acceptance of them. You can read a report of that presentation here.
If you have jobs news to share or a new hire you want to shout about, please contact us on newhires@gamesindustry.biz
All my life I struggled to stretch my mind to the breaking point, until it began to creak, in order to create a great thought which might be able to give a new meaning to life, a new meaning to death, and to console mankind. ~ Nikos Kazantzakis
To give people a reason for living is a great gift, especially people for whom the consolations of religion are empty. For believers, the problem doesn't exist because for them life's meaning is coextensive with the existence of supernatural beings. I have written extensively why this proposed solution doesn't satisfy, and I will not revisit the issue here except to say that the religious solution is question-begging. And even if the proposed solution were valid, it satisfies only those who accept the existence of divine beings. Instead, I'm here to speak for the non-believers whose numbers grow as science advances—despite arguments from the science/religion compatiblists. Darwin noted as much long ago:
I am a strong advocate for free thought on all subjects, yet it appears to me (whether rightly or wrongly) that direct arguments against Christianity and theism produce hardly any effect on the public; and freedom of thought is best promoted by the gradual illumination of men's minds, which follow[s] from the advance of science. ~ Charles Darwin – (Letter to E.B. Aveling, 13 Oct 1880).
But what do you do if you find have no hope that life has meaning. Should you tell others to have hope anyway? Or confess that you think life is meaningless? I think you should tell the truth and let others conclude what they want—which they will do anyway. If the truth doesn't matter, then nothing does.
I do know that hope does not derive from the past, both because the past is closed and because an honest look at it is not uplifting. Hope is for and about the future, it is what keeps us going.
In a century or two, or in a millennium, people will live in a new way, a happier way. We won't be there to see it—but it's why we live, why we work. It's why we suffer. We're creating it. That's the purpose of our existence. The only happiness we can know is to work toward that goal. ~ Anton Chekov
Update: The hard fork has occurred. Earlier estimates on when it would take place based on estimates for the time it takes to mine a block were off by about two hours. Click here to read our coverage of the event.
A rare event in the history of public blockchains is expected to take place today.
Following the exploitation of a major project, the ethereum development community is expected to create a new history of transactions that will disregard the disputed funds through a mechanism called a hard fork.
To pull off the feat, a number of hurdles have had to be crossed, leaving just this one remaining – the voting of the miners that today confirm transactions on the public blockchain. Assuming all goes well, the hard fork is expected to occur early Wednesday afternoon UTC.
For those unwilling to wait for the breaking news, we've put together a list of resources that members of the media are likely to turn to for their own coverage. (For more details and background, follow our extended coverage of The DAO and Ethereum here and here).
Countdown clocks
As mentioned previously, tomorrow's hard fork of the etherum blockchain intends to return funds drained from the smart contracts that comprised The DAO.
But, when the technical changes that undoes this action will occur is less clear.
This is because action on the ethereum network will occur at a specific block on the blockchain, and the time it takes blocks to be mined fluctuates. Currently this total is around 14 seconds, but as it varies, the time it will take to reach the milestone block is also expected to change.
To keep track, some members of the community have programmed special clocks to count down to the event. Of the three clocks we've identified, only two were synced up within 20 seconds of each other at the time of publication.
The SlackNation counter has been widely sited on reports on on social media. Ethereum block explorer EtherScan is also widely used by industry participants, and offers its own hard fork countdown. A third clock also exists at TickCounter, though that clock is a full hour behind the other two.
For a somewhat regularly updating record of the node adoption at top mining pools — an important number to see which half of a hard fork is adopted, Reddit user econoar has been doing a pretty decent job a updated number at this link.
Blogs
Activity on blogs is also likely to be high.
For perspective, there are two blogs worth tracking with a rather high likelihood of posting valuable information both leading up to the hard fork and immediately following.
Since the DAO attack on 17th June Slock.it, the company that wrote the open-source code behind The DAO, has been regularly keeping its followers up to date with posts on their efforts. Most recently the company posted the actual specification being used for the hard fork there, and it will likely be publishing further updates through that channel.
Though the actual decision making process has been largely decentralized, Slock.it has been working closely with the Ethereum Foundation, the non-profit that manages platform development, to determine the solution they believed was mostly likely to be supported by the community.
As such, we'll be watching here for updates on the official Ethereum Foundation blog.
Twitter
Ethereum co-founder and lead developer of the go-ethereum project, Jeff Wilcke is the author of the Etherum Foundation post on the hard fork and has been tweeting regularly about the event.
Slock.it's lead technical engineer Lefteris Karapetsas is yet another frequent tweeter about The DAO hard fork.
However, it's likely that interesting comments will be coming in from a variety of sources, guided by Twitter's hashtag system. At press time, popular hashtags in use include #TheDAO, #Ethereum and #HardFork.
Wild cards
Another source worth keeping an eye on is the page EtherScan uses to track The DAO tokens. You can use this page to keep an eye on the balance in the account labelled, TheDarkDAO Balance, as well as the two accounts labeled WhiteHatDAO Balance.
Though there are several clients running the ethereum protocol, geth, the ehthereum client of the go-ethereum project was mentioned by name in the most recent Ethereum Foundation post on the hard fork. Click here releases to follow go-ethereum's GitHub page.
If you enjoy being a fly on the wall or want to engage directly with those involved, the Ethereum Community Forum is a great place to visit.
But perhaps most improant to the hard fork is the Pool Discussion category, which is currently filled with conversations about the hard fork.
Man using telescope image via Shutterstock
Find out why Justin James calls Lisp the Mr. Bungle of programming languages, and then let us know your experience with Lisp.
Lisp never achieved widespread popularity, but it has found its way into interesting places (like the macro system for emacs), and its derivatives (such as Scheme) have popped up in interesting places as well. All the same, its influence has been on the upswing lately, as languages like C#, Ruby, and Python incorporate more and more ideas that Lisp pioneered (such as lambda calculus). Lisp is like that band that not so many people have listened to, but every band you like lists them as an influence — the Mr. Bungle of programming languages, if you will.
I have not used Lisp, but I have used Scheme, and I enjoyed the experience quite a bit. What is your experience with Lisp?
J.Ja
The Devils Hole pupfish (Cyprinodon diabolis) is a species of fish native to Devils Hole (Nevada, U.S.), a geothermal aquifer-fed pool within a limestone cavern, in the Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge east of Death Valley. It has been described as the world's rarest fish,[2] with a population of fewer than 200 since 2005.[3] Recent genetic analyses indicate that this species may have first colonized the hole within the past 1,000 years,[4][5] or as long ago as 60,000 years.[6]
The pupfish have been protected since being declared an endangered species in 1967.[3] Conflicts over the ownership and use of the groundwater around Devils Hole caused litigation in the 1980s.[7] The litigation triggered further protections of the pupfish. However, since the late 1990s, the pupfish population has substantially decreased. The reasons for the decrease are unknown.[3] As of 2015, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service maintains two captive populations of pupfish at the Ash Meadows Fish Conservation Facility.[8]
Description [ edit ]
The Devils Hole pupfish is the smallest desert pupfish species in the genus Cyprinodon.
Devils Hole pupfish are less than 25 mm (1 in) long and resemble other pupfish in shape. They are the smallest of the desert pupfish species, averaging 19 mm (0.75 in) in length. They lack pelvic fins and have large heads and long anal fins. Devils Hole pupfish have a low fecundity and are much less aggressive than other pupfish.[9] Breeding males are solid deep blue and have a black band on the caudal fin.[10]
There are a number of pupfish species scattered near Death Valley. Earlier pluvial (wet) periods allowed colonization of present sites; subsequent xeric (dry) conditions served to isolate the aquatic habitats, although genetic analyses suggest that gene flow still connects these habitats and may enable their continued persistence as such small population sizes.[5]
The Devils Hole pupfish is considered an annual species, with the historic spring populations ranged between 150 and 250; while the autumn population grew to 400–500 individuals.[11]
Habitat [ edit ]
Devils Hole and the pupfish are located in the Amargosa Desert ecosystem, in the Amargosa Valley, of southwestern Nevada, USA, east of Death Valley and the Funeral Mountains and Amargosa Range. The Amargosa River is part of Devil Hole and the region's aquifer hydrology.
Nearly the entire natural range of the species is visible in this photo. The equipment is used to monitor water level.
Although pupfish have been found as deep as 80 feet (24 m),[3] they depend on a shallowly submerged limestone shelf of only 2 by 4 metres (6.6 by 13.1 ft) in area for spawning as well as for much of their diet (primarily diatoms). Natural threats from flash floods to earthquakes have been known to disrupt this fragile ecosystem, but in the 1960s and 1970s, the major threat was groundwater depletion due to agricultural irrigation.[12]
Research indicates that the annual fluctuation of population is caused by the amount of algae present on the shelf. The algal growth depends, in turn, on the amount of solar radiation the shelf receives and the concentration of nutrients in the water. Finally, recent evidence suggests that nutrient availability is highest when the cave is used by barn owls (Tyto alba) as a roosting/nesting site. The owls increase the pool nutrient levels by casting nutrient-rich pellets into the water.[13]
The water level in Devils Hole is monitored daily by the National Park Service and occasionally by the U.S. Geological Survey. During the late 1960s, the water level dropped dramatically in response to pumping in the Ash Meadows area, in the immediate vicinity of the cavern. After the cessation of pumping, the water levels recovered until about 1986, when the water level began to decline. Pronounced changes in the water level resulted in response to the 1992 Landers/Little Skull Mountain earthquakes and the 1999 Hector Mine earthquake. Since December 2005, the water level in Devils Hole has been rising, and by December 2008, the water level had risen to its highest level since 1993.[citation needed]
History [ edit ]
The age of the species is subject to considerable debate. Some scientists argue that vertebrate species with small populations cannot persist for long, and estimate the age of the species to be 360 years.[14] Recent genetic analyses indicate that this species may have first colonized the hole within the past 1,000 years.[4][5] Other phylogenetic studies suggest the species is as old as 60,000 years.[6] These estimates depend heavily on knowledge of the mutation rate in this species, which is unknown, but is predicted to be one of the highest for any vertebrate due to its small population size.[15]
C. diabolis was first noticed in 1890 but only identified as a unique and highly divergent species by Joseph Wales in 1930. Formal protection of the species began when Devils Hole was made part of Death Valley National Monument by presidential proclamation in 1952. Ten years later the NPS installed a hydrograph in the Hole to monitor water levels. Subsequently, the Hole was fenced after two divers drowned in its water. In 1967, the Devils Hole pupfish was officially listed as an endangered species.[3]
In 1967, a farming corporation amassed 12,000 acres (4,900 ha) in the Ash Meadows area; by 1968, the hydrograph had begun to register a decline as large capacity wells were drilled and pumped in Ash Meadows. The water drop threatened to expose the critical spawning/feeding shelf and precipitated the formation of two groups to work for protection of Devils Hole: the Desert Fishes Council in the West, and the Desert Pupfish Task Force in Washington, D.C.
In August 1971 a federal court issued an injunction to halt further pumping, that threatened to completely expose the natural shelf. Further litigation finally resulted in the landmark Supreme Court decision of 1976 (Cappaert vs. U.S.). It recognized the prior water right of Devils Hole vis-a-vis its designation as part of a national monument. The permanent injunction did not halt pumping, but limited it to a level which guaranteed sufficient water to inundate the natural rock shelf.[16]
In 1980, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service designated as essential habitat about 21,000 acres (8,500 ha) acres where the groundwater most influenced the water level in the Hole.[17] One of the identified goals of the recovery plan was to maintain the aquifer at such levels that the population fluctuates from 300 in winter to 700–900 in late summer. The water source for the Devils Hole pupfish was now adequately secured, but the remainder of Ash Meadows was as yet unprotected. A land development company bought the Ash Meadows land from the farm corporation in 1980, planning to subdivide the area into 34,000 residential lots.[18] Furthermore, in 1982, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service emergency-listed as endangered two more of the fish species in Ash Meadows, thereby conferring protection to all the pools in the area. Finally, in 1984, Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge was established by Congress.[19] The Nature Conservancy bought the bulk of the land from the development company and resold it to the USFWS. By 1986, the USFWS had drafted a recovery plan for the entire Ash Meadows area, including Devils Hole.
In April 2016 the National Park Service recorded three men firing a shotgun and leaving beer cans, vomit, and boxer shorts in the water of Devils Hole that may have caused at least one pupfish death.[20][21] The men were charged with killing an endangered animal and other property crimes.[22][23]
Recovery actions [ edit ]
Pupfish refuge at School Springs, now defunct.
In 1970, a floating artificial shelf, artificially lighted, was suspended in Devils Hole to substitute for the partially exposed natural rock shelf. The fish never used the artificial shelf.[citation needed]
A number of artificial "refugia" (concrete tanks approximating conditions in Devils Hole) were attempted to ensure species' survival should the natural population at Devils Hole dies out; one at Hoover Dam established in 1972, and two near Devils Hole itself within the Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge established in 1980 and 1991.[24]
In May 2005, nine pupfish were moved from the hole and a federal hatchery to both a Las Vegas Strip casino aquarium, at Mandalay Bay, and another federal hatchery in hopes of augmenting the population.[24]
In 2006, five younger pupfish were moved to the Willow Beach National Fish Hatchery in Arizona to establish the pupfish in aquaria.[25]
As of 2013, none of the previous attempts to establish refugia were successful.[3] Studies have been undertaken to better understand energy flow in the system, water chemistry, pupfish genetics, organisms living in the water, and other factors.[26][27]
As of 2015, the Ash Meadows Fish Conservation Facility has successfully propagated Devils Hole population in a 100,000 gallon refuge population built within the refuge. This refuge mimics the natural Devil's Hole, including water chemistry, spawning shelf, and natural sunlight. At least 30 captive fish now populate the refuge, including 1st generation fish naturally breeding within the refuge.[8]
Population trends [ edit ]
From 1970 through 1996, the average population was 324.[3] Since 2005, the population at Devils Hole has been below 200 individuals, although the population fluctuates depending on the season.[28] Low algae growth and other winter conditions cause spring populations to be 35–65% of the autumn population.[3] The reasons for the decline of the population are unclear.[3][29]
Devil's Hole pupfish swimming over an algae mat.
In November 2005, divers counted just 84 individuals in the Devils Hole population, the same as the spring population, despite observations of egg-laying and baby fish during the summer. As many as 80 fish – one-third of the population – was estimated to have been destroyed during the summer of 2004 when a flash flood pushed a quantity of scientific equipment (fish traps) which had been left sitting on the edge of the hole into the hole;[29] later, about 60 cubic feet (1.7 m3) of debris, washed into the cave by floods, was removed.
In 2007, between 38 and 42 fish were left in Devils Hole.[30]
In 2008, the National Park Service began to feed the pupfish a special food to attempt to restore the population. The Devils Hole pupfish count rose in the autumn of 2008 to 126, the first steady increase in more than 10 years.[31]
As of April 2013 U.S. Fish and Wildlife reported only 35 fish remain in their natural habitat, but increased to 92 when measured again in 2014.[3]
As of spring 2016, a periodic count found 115 of the fish living in the waters.[20]
In 2018, the Alaska earthquake caused a seiche in Devils Hole, leading the fish to an unseasonal spawning event due to the disruption of their environment.[32]
Other local Cyprinodons [ edit ]
Many of the various surviving local Cyprinodon species and subspecies (pupfish), including the Devils Hole pupfish, are on the IUCN Red List of threatened species:
President Donald Trump frequently floats the prospect of firing aides even months before any possible dismissal takes place, according to two sources who speak with the president.
Trump's habit of cavalierly verbalizing his constant evaluations of aides leads to strings of stories about possible White House staff shake ups. A May 14 report from Axios about Priebus and Spicer serves as a prime example.
“President Trump is considering a ‘huge reboot' that could take out everyone from Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon, to counsel Don McGahn and press secretary Sean Spicer,” the report said.
Trump did repeatedly float to associate the thought of getting rid of Priebus and Spicer, according to a source with knowledge of the situation, but that is just part of how the president does things. Priebus is now gone from the White House, and Spicer will officially leave his role this month, but the shake-up actually happened months after the May report.
In the present news cycle, there are stories about Trump considering and reconsidering Bannon's future. He very well might or he might not.
The president's habit of asking associates whether he should fire people, though, will lead to more of these stories if Bannon were to stay on.
It was reported in April that he was set to get fired, then in May, and now in August.
By By geozone Jul 11, 2007 in World Eighteen-year-old Carys Copestake needed to cover the cost of her university tuition fees. Her solution was to advertise her virginity for sale on a popular website for prostitutes. Baby-faced Carys says she intends to study physics at Salford University. Like many other students, she is struggling with the £20,000 for tuition and residence. Along with her financial predicament, the British teen has also become curious about herself and the opposite sex. Though she had always wanted to keep her first time special and make sure it was with the right guy, she now is at a point in her life where she wanted to explore. For that she needed someone to teach her and Carys thinks selling her virginity is the perfect way to "kill two birds with one stone." I'm an 18-year-old virgin with student funds to pay and I'm looking to sell my first time right here. I'm brunette, 34C, green eyes, all in proportion and good looking. Carys met and spoke with a journalist from MaltaStar who had gone under the guise of being an interested respondent to her ad. The teen admitted to him she had received numerous responses to the ad. Apparently there are a lot of men who want to help her with her "problem." Some of the replies she has received are on the creepy side. She explained further: But I got so frustrated with the empty offers that I turned them down. I have to be careful, you could have been someone I know, even one of my teachers. Carys admitted the furthest she had ever gone with a guy was holding hands. She did not want to go to university still a virgin. Not knowing the man she was talking to was really a journalist interested in getting some facts for a story, Carys wondered if he was asking her all these questions because he wanted a discount. When the reporter asked if she really was a virgin or just a prostitute who was lying about losing her virginity, the teen became indignant. She told him she had no way of proving to him she was a virgin and that he would just have to trust her. Carys told the reporter she wanted to be paid in cash. She also requested that he wear a condom. After the reporter left, Carys bombarded him with text messages. When the reporter asked her to lower her price, her mood abruptly changed. She told him: Why do you want a discount? No, seriously, it's got to be ten, that's what the deal was. When a publication called The People contacted Carys about selling her virginity, the teen told them: I've been offered the money in cash and I'm going to do it this Thursday. Sorry I'm at work so I can't speak any more. Her ad, placed under a pseudonym, reads: "Virginity For Sale £10,000." Her parents, with whom she still lives with, are oblivious of the manner in which she is funding her university studies.Baby-faced Carys says she intends to study physics at Salford University. Like many other students, she is struggling with the £20,000 for tuition and residence. Along with her financial predicament, the British teen has also become curious about herself and the opposite sex. Though she had always wanted to keep her first time special and make sure it was with the right guy, she now is at a point in her life where she wanted to explore. For that she needed someone to teach her and Carys thinks selling her virginity is the perfect way to "kill two birds with one stone."Carys met and spoke with a journalist from MaltaStar who had gone under the guise of being an interested respondent to her ad. The teen admitted to him she had received numerous responses to the ad. Apparently there are a lot of men who want to help her with her "problem." Some of the replies she has received are on the creepy side. She explained further:Carys admitted the furthest she had ever gone with a guy was holding hands. She did not want to go to university still a virgin. Not knowing the man she was talking to was really a journalist interested in getting some facts for a story, Carys wondered ifhe was asking her all these questions because he wanted a discount.When the reporter asked if she really was a virgin or just a prostitute who was lying about losing her virginity, the teen became indignant. She told him she had no way of proving to him she was a virgin and that he would just have to trust her.Carys told the reporter she wanted to be paid in cash. She also requested that he wear a condom.After the reporter left, Carys bombarded him with text messages. When the reporter asked her to lower her price, her mood abruptly changed. She told him:When a publication called The People contacted Carys about selling her virginity, the teen told them: More about Virginity, For sale, University tuition virginity for sale university tuition
The Fallacy Of ReUse Sunday, June 7th, 2009. This industry is pre-occupied with reuse. There's this belief that if we just reused more code, everything would be better. Some even go so far as saying that the whole point of object-orientation was reuse – it wasn't, encapsulation was the big thing. After that component-orientation was the thing that was supposed to make reuse happen. Apparently that didn't pan out so well either because here we are now pinning our reuseful hopes on service-orientation. Entire books of patterns have been written on how to achieve reuse with the orientation of the day.
Services have been classified every which way in trying to achieve this, from entity services and activity services, through process services and orchestration services. Composing services has been touted as the key to reusing, and creating reusable services. I might as well let you in on the dirty-little secret: Reuse is a fallacy Before running too far ahead, let's go back to what the actual goal of reuse was: getting done faster. That's it. It's a fine goal to have. And here's how reuse fits in to the picture: If we were to write all the code of a system, we'd write a certain amount of code.
If we could reuse some code from somewhere else that was written before, we could write less code.
The more code we can reuse, the less code we write.
The less code we write, the sooner we'll be done! However, the above logical progression is based on another couple of fallacies: Fallacy: All code takes the same amount of time to write Fallacy: Writing code is the primary activity in getting a system done Anyone who's actually written some code that's gone into production knows this. There's the time it takes us to understand what the system should do.
Multiply that by the time it takes the users to understand what the system should do
Then there's the integrating that code with all the other code, databases, configuration, web services, etc.
Debugging. Deploying. Debugging. Rebugging. Meetings. Etc. Writing code is actually the least of our worries.
We actually spend less time writing code than… Rebugging code Also known as bug regressions. This is where we fix one piece of code, and in the process break another piece of code.
It's not like we do it on purpose. It's all those dependencies between the various bits of code.
The more dependencies there are, the more likely something's gonna break.
Especially when we have all sorts of hidden dependencies,
like when other code uses stuff we put in the database without asking us what it means,
or, heaven forbid, changing it without telling us. These debugging/rebugging cycles can make stabilizing a system take a long time. So, how does reuse help/hinder with that? Here's how: Dependencies multiply by reuse It's to be expected. If you wrote the code all in one place, there are no dependencies. By reusing code, you've created a dependency. The more you reuse, the more dependencies you have. The more dependencies, the more rebugging. Of course, we need to keep in mind the difference between… Reuse & Use Your code uses the runtime API (JDK, .NET BCL, etc).
Likewise other frameworks like (N)Hibernate, Spring, WCF, etc. Reuse happens when you extend and override existing behaviors within other code.
This is most often done by inheritance in OO languages. Interestingly enough, by the above generally accepted definition, most web services “reuse” is actually really use. Let's take a look at the characteristics of the code we're using and reusing to see where we get the greatest value: The value of (re)use If we were to (re)use a piece of code in only one part of our system, it would be safe to say that we would get less value than if we could (re)use it in more places. For example, we could say that for many web applications, the web framework we use provides more value than a given encryption algorithm that we may use in only a few places. So, what characterizes the code we use in many places? Well, it's very generic. Actually, the more generic a piece of code, the less likely it is that we'll be changing something in it when fixing a bug in the system. That's important. However, when looking at the kind of code we reuse, and the reasons around it, we tend to see very non-generic code – something that deals with the domain-specific behaviors of the system. Thus, the likelihood of a bug fix needing to touch that code is higher than in the generic/use-not-reuse case, often much higher. How it all fits together Goal: Getting done faster
Via: Spending less time debugging/rebugging/stabilizing
Via: Having less dependencies reasonably requiring a bug fix to touch the dependent side
Via: Not reusing non-generic code This doesn't mean you shouldn't use generic code / frameworks where applicable – absolutely, you should.
Just watch the number of kind of dependencies you introduce. Back to services So, if we follow the above advice with services, we wouldn't want domain specific services reusing each other.
If we could get away with it, we probably wouldn't even want them using each other either. As use and reuse go down, we can see that service autonomy goes up. And vice-versa.
Luckily, we have service interaction mechanisms from Event-Driven Architecture that enable use without breaking autonomy.
Autonomy is actually very similar to the principle of encapsulation that drove object-orientation in the first place.
Interesting, isn't it? In summary We all want to get done faster. Way back when, someone told us reuse was the way to do that. They were wrong. Reuse may make sense in the most tightly coupled pieces of code you have, but not very much anywhere else. When designing services in your SOA, stay away from reuse, and minimize use (with EDA patterns). The next time someone pulls the “reuse excuse”, you'll be ready. Further Reading Additional logic required for service autonomy
Self-contained events & SOA
Autonomous Services and Enterprise Entity Aggregation [MS Architecture Journal]
Does SOA mean the end of OO? [Podcast]
If you liked this article, you might also like articles in these categories:
Architecture | Autonomous Services | EDA | OO | Web Services
If you've got a minute, you might enjoy taking a look at some of my best articles.
I've gone through the hundreds of articles I've written over the past 6 years and put together a list of the best ones as ranked by my 5000+ readers.
You won't be disappointed.
If you'd like to get new articles sent to you when they're published, it's easy and free.
Subscribe right here.
Follow me on Twitter @UdiDahan.
Something on your mind? Got a question? I'd be thrilled to hear it.
Leave a comment below or email me, whatever works for you.
60 Comments Your comment...
Recommendations
Guest Authored Books
With new games come new challenges, and with new challenges comes new challengers to tackle them. Eric "Snipedown" Wrona is one fifth of the dominating force that is Evil Geniuses. As captain of this back-to-back championship-winning team, we caught up with Eric to get his thoughts as Evil Geniuses heads into this new era of Halo and straight into a global championship with a life-changing sum of money on the line!
ESL: Hey, Eric, and thanks for joining us. It's been a while since we caught up with you so let's jump right in! First up: coming off the back of Halo 2: Anniversary (H2A), what are your initial thoughts on Halo 5 from an esports or competitive perspective?
Eric "Snipedown" Wrona: I love the game. There are a lot of neat tricks - jumps, abilities, and weapons - allowing you to outplay and outmatch your opponents. Individual skill hasn't been as important as it is in this Halo in a long, long time.
ESL: You're a two-time back-to-back champion of the Halo Championship Series (HWC) throughout H2A with Evil Geniuses - you guys kind of made that game look easy. Do you feel as confident now considering how you looked back then or is Halo 5 proving not as easy both individually and as a team?
Snipedown: It's definitely a different game, and the pace has changed completely. I can't say I'm as confident as when H2A ended. We had established that dominance by the end of H2A - this is a new game. We didn't start H2A as the best team, and it took a few events before we started blowing teams out to really get our groove. The thing is we definitely still have that teamwork - it's just about learning the game and what works the best together now, and that just comes with playing together as much as possible. By the time the HWC comes around, I think we will have had plenty of time to get everything spot on.
ESL: With the World Championship prize pool set at a nice two million dollars and growing by the day, do you expect some new teams to form and step up to the challenge?
Snipedown: If it hasn't already happened, it for sure will. This is life-changing money and friendships mean a lot to people but you need to treat this as a business, and tough decisions need to be made sometimes. I am just very thankful I am on the outside this time around :)
ESL: How do you feel about the phrase "new game, new pros"?
Snipedown: I am a prime example of this back when I made my breakout in Halo 3 and I think it's long overdue to have some more incredible talent added to the HCS. There will 100% be some breakout players this year to make some noise.
ESL: Towards the end of H2A, you had Mikwen hot on your heels for title of the world's best sniper. Do you feel you can still hold the crown in Halo 5 or could we see a new king under the mountain?
Snipedown: There is always the possibility for someone to be amazing with the sniper, no doubt about that. I have always prided myself more on my positioning with the weapon than my shots. I honestly feel as though Mikwen may have been more dominant with it in terms of the shots he hit, but I always felt I did the most with it in terms of what I did for my team in the process. Example: setting up pushes, or if my teammates die pushing ahead I fall back and hold off the enemy long enough to allow my teammates to push up once again instead of us being pushed back into our base. I think that's what has gotten me that title of the best sniper over these years - something I've been very proud to hold onto as a player.
ESL: Who are the teams currently that you as Evil Geniuses look as a major threat, maybe you see anyone as a threat?
Snipedown: I don't like to see teams as a threat, no, but in terms of our toughest competition I would have to say Liquid, CLG and nV, in no particular order. Some awesome team changes have been made and I'm extremely excited to see these squads in action.
ESL: To aspiring players and teams out there wanting to step up to that pro level - what's the best advice you can give them?
Snipedown: Find a team, find friends who communicate in playlists and just party up. It's definitely not easy to find a team of players you feel comfortable with right away, but nothing comes easy in the gaming world. Playing in tournaments can also help you get your name out there. Not too long ago I played in an FFA online tournament and trust me - I notice quickly when someone has an impressive shot, movement or positioning!
ESL: Could we see any non-NA teams in that final eight on championship Sunday at Worlds? The EU has some particularly strong teams and I'm sure you've seen some.
Snipedown: I do believe that an EU team could 100% make it to the top eight. A lot of the top Halo teams are making the best squads possible. If there are four or five teams with all the best NA players, that leaves three or so spots for the EU to beat out the least of the NA teams with. I've seen a few players in the EU I am extremely impressed by - Jimbo, for example - and they can definitely make some noise. It's going to be an incredible year, that's for sure, and I couldn't be any more thankful for all the opportunities.
Thank you, Eric, for joining us and good luck from all of us here as you and Evil Geniuses start your climb - qualification for the Halo World Championship kicks off this month! Registration is now open, and all the latest information about the Halo World Championship can be found at Halo.gg.
Be sure to follow ESL Halo on Facebook and Twitter for all the latest updates, and remember that for a limited time you can grab yourself the Halo 5 HCS REQ Pack! The pack contains HCS-themed weapon skins, armor and emblem and costs US$9.99 or 80,000 REQ Points, with a percentage going towards the event's prize pool - how far will we go past the current incredible total of US$2,000,000?
Share this article:
Get the biggest business stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new ‘plan for the north' lays out how more than 1.5m jobs can be created by 2050 if Manchester and other cities work together.
Launched today, a paper says we can ‘stop lagging behind the south' in terms of jobs and productivity.
But only if leaders across the region ‘speak with one voice' to ensure good transport links, better education for young people and the right investment in ‘core areas'.
These are advanced manufacturing, digital development, health innovation and energy - and they could inject £97bn into the economy in the next 35 years.
Sir Richard Leese, leader of Manchester City Council, added: “This will establish priorities around transport connections across and to the north, skills and employment, trade and investment, innovation and science and - where appropriate - housing to ensure the north can live up to its full potential.
“The prevailing economic uncertainty following the EU referendum result makes it even more essential that northern cities are given the tools and investment to work together to create the jobs and opportunities the region needs and help rebalance the nation's economy.”
Commissioned by Transport for the North - the body in charge of driving forward rail and road investment - the Northern Powerhouse Independent Economic Review is aimed at boosting productivity, jobs and the economy.
The study looks at the North's areas of strength which account for 30 pc of jobs, and how they can be built upon.
John Cridland, chairman of Transport for the North said 1.56m jobs could be created by 2050.
Describing it as ‘fundamental' to future planning, he added: “Central to powering the North's future economy will be an efficient high capacity transport network capable of fully mobilising the workforce between the North's key economic heartlands.”
He said improved education was also vital in northern schools to give young people the change to go for better jobs using those transport links.
He said a ‘step-change' in investment strategy was needed to achieve this.
Lord O'Neill, commercial secretary to the treasury, said the referendum was ‘even more of an instruction to build a Northern Powerhouse'.
He said it was encouraging the region's leaders were working together to set out their long term priorities to make the north ‘a better place to live, work and invest in and remind the world the region is open for business.'
Josh Hardie, CBI Deputy Director-General, said: "The outcome of the EU Referendum means that pressing ahead with powering economic growth across the North of England is now more important than ever.
“Indeed, delivering transport improvements, coupled with educational excellence at all ages, will be key to driving productivity increases outside London and the South East.
“The North of England's specialist industries, including advanced manufacturing, life sciences, energy and digital make it a great place to do business.
“Any ideas that contribute to economic growth at this critical time are welcome, and the CBI will continue to work with Transport for the North, central and local government and others to make sure prosperity advances across the whole of the UK.”
It's been a little while since our last Digest, we've had a lot going on! Getting lost at tradeshows, attempting to find snap-points when putting together furniture in our new offices, not being prepared for the seasonal elements of Spring, as well as the launch of our free game, Survival of the Fittest and our tremendously hazardous caves! We've got a bit to catch up on so let's get this started!
We are excited to announce that the first Survivor League is officially LIVE, now! You can keep track of when this round ends by heading over to our Survivor League page and checking out the countdown to see when the top-ranked players will be archived into the league. For those of you who aren't familiar with the Survivor League, here's a run down!
What is Survivor League?
The Survivor League is a hall of fame that intends to honor and preserve the top 40 Survival of the Fittest players of said period. At the end of every league, we will be celebrating the highest-scoring players, which will be visible in real time, by both archiving them and announcing them as the Survivor League for that month.
How long does each Survivor League last?
Each Survivor League will last approximately 30 days. Players will be able to see when the next winners are announced by visiting:
https://survivetheark.com/index.php?/survivor-league/
At the top of this page, there will be a visible clock which will highlight how long is left until the winners are archived and the next session begins. This page will also contain a current leaderboard which will display, in real time, the survivors who are currently top of the rankings. Keep in mind, those survivors may not be the ones who make it into the Survivor League at the end of the session, as they will need to keep their place for when the timer hits zero.
When does the first Survivor League start?
The first Survivor League will be announced on April the 15th at 12PM Eastern. This means that all active games now will count towards the first league and players are able to keep track of when the winners will be archived by checking the clock at the top of Survivor League page.
How will the ranking system work?
Ranks are determined by the amount of score you have in each specific game-mode. When the clock hits zero, the Top 10 Ranking players in each of the 4 game modes, a total of 40 players, will be declared and entered into the Survivor League. Following this, the new clock will begin ticking for the next Survivor League.
Ranks will not be reset after each month has been awarded so it is entirely possible for players to stay on the league for multiple months, however a player's score may start to decay if a player has not played for over 1 week.
What are the benefits to becoming a part of the Survivor League?
There are many benefits to becoming a member of the Survivor League. First of all, the top 10 players in each mode will receive a cash-prize dependant on their placement on the rank tables. The prizes will be distributed as following:
Place Prize Pool
1 $3500
2 $2500
3 $1800
4 $1650
5 $1500
6 $1350
7 $1200
8 $1050
9 $900
10 $750
These prizes will be allocated accordingly to all 40 members of the Survivor League for that month. Survivor League members will also be archived and celebrated throughout the game in the Survivor League Archives and members of this exclusive and honorary league will be invited to upcoming broadcasted Tournaments, so getting into the league is not just a way to win a large amount of money and glory, but also a way to earn even more prizes and glory in the future. We are serious about the Survival of the Fittest becoming a serious competitive e-sports game and with that, want to celebrate players who are dedicated and perform to the highest standard!
Disqualification from Survivor League
Any player found to be exploiting the game by gaining an unfair advantage through the use of unintended mechanics or third party programmes will risk being disqualified from the league. Studio Wildcard holds the authority and discretion to determine what gaining an unfair advantage would be and will step in if necessary. Disqualification from Survivor League may result in, but is not limited to: being permanently banned from ARK Survival of the Fittest, stripped of all Survivor League titles, forfeiture of any unpaid monetary prizes and prohibited from entering or participating any tournament.
Changes made to Survivor League
Studio Wildcard holds the right to make any changes to the terms of participation, the methods of qualification, and the prizes for for Survivor League as they deem necessary. However any such changes will be notified to players in advance and will not have an effect for 30 days.
This does not impact balance or other such changes to the game mode, Survival of The Fittest, only to the terms of the Survivor League and its associated prizes/titles/rewards, etc.
Good luck to all those competing and may the best survivors win!
Mod Contest
Survivors!
Earlier this year we were thrilled to announce the first challenge for modders with our very first ARK International Mod Contest! Putting content creators, new and old, to the test through making their own ARK Mod.
We just wanted to remind you guys that you are approaching the deadline for the entries very shortly and that on Friday, April the 1st at 12PM EASTERN, entries will be officially closed!
All entries must be submitted here by the final submission date and the winners will be announced on May the 15th 2016, after finalist voting, spotlight and judging rounds.
Caves Update!
So you guys have now had a few days to check out our new caves and we really hope you've enjoyed running through them! We're going to start looking at the older caves now and give them a bit of a makeover, here's a little sneak-peek. Let us know what you think!
ARK Digest Q+A
Survivor, GamerPerfection asks, “Are you looking at adding the ability to pick up our Dodos so that I can take selfies with my Dodos?”
Quote Yes actually, we intend to add support to “carry” smaller dinos! This will be similar to having them mounted on your shoulder, except you will be unable to use a weapon while doing so as you must hold them with your hands.
Survivor, Barkuhn asks, “Can we expect some sort of mechanised transportation system in the higher tiers?”
Quote Yup, that is definitely something you can expect to see.
Survivor, Kimsie asks “Is the final plan to have multiple taming methods for each animal or just for some and could multiple be more than two?”
Quote We're still undecided about whether we're going to have multiple taming methods or not, though feel free to input some suggestions.
Survivor, Kimsie also asks, “You have also mentioned a second ARK in the works. How many ARKs are planned for release (and after)?”
Quote Our focus right now is on ARK Prime.
Survivor, LookingForGroup asks, “When we'll reach beta and you will start optimizing the game, will you add multi-threading support?”
Quote The game does currently use more than one thread, however there are more aspects of the gameplay which could be threaded, especially in later Unreal Engine 4 versions. As we head forward we'll be continuing to pull in optimization related changes from later UE4, including more parallel threading systems.
Survivor, D34DGR1NG0 asks, “With the popularity of ARK on the rise and the devotion of players split between Primitive and Full Content servers, are there any plans to expand on the two distinct "eras" in playstyle?”
Quote The Primitive+ Total Conversion will focus more on primitive era gameplay specifically, as we've set up Official Servers for this! Whereas ARK: Survival Evolved the main game will always be a mix.
Survivor, tomb asks, “Will it ever be possible to get a .ini server setting for allowing or not allowing offline raiding? Something like "if player / tribe is online their buildings can be destroyed"
Quote Yes, that seems reasonable and is simple to do. We'll add that in the next patch!
Survivor, MLaidler asks, “It was mentioned several digests ago that (post-release) there would be an oceanic isles map. Is this still planned post-release? I'd love the emphasis on sea and air dinos, boats, and making outposts on smaller islands”
Quote We're very interested in expanding the sea-based gameplay, and that necessarily includes more space to do that!
Survivor, Shadowenigma250x asks, “Will we ever see full creature based armor sets? Kinda of an upgrade to the creature masks/helmets already in the game (Dodorex mask, Rex skull helmet, etc)”
Quote There are a few too many creatures in the game for us to devote resources to this at the moment, but it's a good thing for Mods to be able to pick up on. Later on, we'll see.
Survivor, Seggzy asks, “Would it be possible to add a place-able, high powered, telescope to the game? You know to spy on people around the island (or the aliens in the sky)”
Quote Alas there are spatial networking limitations that come into play with super long distance scopes, but we'll be considering it and see if there's a way to get past those limitations.
Survivor, GrandTheftAuto asks, “Any plans to revisit the Kibble Tree? (most kibbles fall under a linear chain that makes doesn't make sense, why tame carno before trike?)”
Quote Yes, this will get a rebalance/restructuring before shipping.
Survivor, RadioActiveMan asks, “Any feedback/eta for ‘floating' structures collapsing as they should? Pipes/Wires/Pillars – If you remove their roots, they do not fall.”
Quote It's actually very annoying when pipes fall due to lack of support (you could destroy someone's pipe network too easily otherwise), though maybe we'll enable a timer on them before support needs to be re-added. But as for pillars, those should require support (old legacy pillars may linger though), so we'll be looking into it.
Survivor, RadioActiveMan asks, “Will be be able to paint other appliance type items in the future? Its nice we can paint the industrial forge but I wanna paint my fabricator too!”
Quote We plan to do a painting/colorization pass on all structures before shipping so you'll be able to paint them all!
Survivor, Erractic asks, “Would you ever consider adding a hot air balloon? I'd love to build airships, even if they were slower than a quetz and needed fuel. Could be really fun with the new grappling hooks too”
Quote It would indeed enable more “persistently floating” air bases which could be really fun. Will be exploring this idea further in the near future.
Survivor, Bogdanov89 asks, “Any critical improvements coming to the in-game Server Browser?”
Quote Indeed, we plan to do exactly that in April -- you'll be able to access an “Extended Server Details” page for any server that you're viewing which will list effectively all of the configurable options. Also more values will be exposed for global filtering -- however not all of them as we have too many configurable values for Steam to use as filters.
Survivor, ryanmc15 asks, “How will alpha dire wolves work? Will you have to tame an alpha or once you have tamed a pack of wolves an alpha will be elected?”
Quote You'll have to tame an alpha wolf.
Survivor, vis02001 asks, “Is there anyway that we might be able to get a shark cage? So we can put on the side of our rafts and descend into the depths to harvest resources.”
Quote Ahh that's a little beyond the scope of our current intent for the rafts, but maybe a mod can run with that idea as it does sound pretty fun!
Survivor, Frostyeagle asks, “Does the titanosaur get a special ultra big poop?”
Quote It does!
Survivor, Woden asks, “what about adding bean bag ammo for the shotgun (seeds + fiber). This could be a neat stun/ torpor attack against human players and small Dino's, (compy, dimorphodon!, dodo)”
Quote Haha, we like it!
Survivor, xopha asks, “Will we ever be able to pick up the cages with a flyer? Another form of prisoner transport that could then be intercepted. Maybe the cages break if dropped?”
Quote That's certainly an interesting idea, would enable transportation of prisoners without freeing them. We'll explore how technically viable it is.
That's it for this week's ARK Digest! Thanks for tuning in and hopefully you've walked away learning something new! Thanks for all the support, engagement, and feedback so far!
Much love,
Wildcard Jen & The ARK Survival Evolved Team!
Dramatic Shift Away From Driving Continues in California
In the first major travel survey since 2009, evidence grows that Americans are changing their transportation habits rapidly. The news from Caltrans' 2012 California Household Travel Survey is dramatic: Californians are making far more trips by walking, bicycling, and transit than they were in 2000. The survey found the percentage of trips by these modes doubled in ten years and make up nearly 23 percent of all trips in the state.
Car trips decreased dramatically, from 86 percent of trips to 75 percent. This includes trips where people are passengers in cars — for drivers only, the decrease is from 60 percent of trips to 49 percent. This confirms a recent U.S. Public Interest Group (PIRG) report, which got a lot of media attention, about millennials choosing to drive less and being more interested in active forms of transportation.
“The California data is the first new travel survey since the last federal National Household Travel Survey in 2009, so it's very significant that it shows such a steep decline in driving and a doubling in the share of transit, biking and walking,” said Phineas Baxandall of U.S. PIRG. “It shows the last federal survey wasn't a fluke.” The national survey showed a jump in walking trips, a slight increase in transit trips, and an increase in “other” modes, under which bicycle trips would fall.
“The fact that we're seeing this in California, the heart of the former car culture, is also delicious,” he added.
The survey report misses a few opportunities. It supplies information about the households it surveyed, including income levels, access to cars, and age. However, it doesn't break down the mode results according to any of these factors, which would reveal whether it's just people ages 18 to 30 who are driving less, or whether immigrant households rely more heavily on transit than other groups.
“This would help inform where future transportation investment should be made,” said Baxandall.
The shift in travel comes with only 1 percent of the state transportation budget going towards walking and bicycling. Consider how much more bicycling would increase if funding for that mode was brought up to, say, 1.5 percent — matching its statewide mode share, and making bicycling dramatically more convenient, safe, and attractive.
“Demand data like this must inform transportation planning efforts and direct investments at the state level,” said Jeanie Ward-Waller, advocacy organizer for the National Safe Routes to Schools Partnership in California. But California's 2014-15 budget, which proposes $1.7 billion in new revenue for transportation, including $850 million from the cap-and-trade program, includes no significant new revenue for the Active Transportation Program, nor other programs that fund walking and bicycling projects. The State Transportation Improvement Program, which is the primary source of funding for capital projects, would continue to be dedicated almost entirely to highway expansion for years to come.
Caltrans does seem to get it, at least at the top. Director Malcolm Dougherty wrote in the press release, “Based on this research, we can make good decisions about transportation that will improve mobility, air quality, and travel choices for all Californians and make our state a better place to live and work.”
Every day on my Twitter feed, I hear from new converts to "Lost Girl," and that is a beautiful thing.
Since the Syfy show premiered in January, it's gained quite the appreciative American audience. As I said in this recent piece, I've been greatly enjoying the first season of "Lost Girl," which follows the adventures of a succubus called Bo and her sidekick Kenzi, and it sounds like a number of people who've checked out the first half-dozen episodes are similarly entranced.
Here's a piece of good news about the show: Syfy will be airing the second season of "Lost Girl" right after Season 1 concludes on April 9. That's right -- if you're impatient, you are in luck: Season 2 begins a week later on April 16. Given that Season 2 is 22 episodes long, we could be seeing a lot of Bo, Kenzi, Lauren and Dyson this year. No complaints here!
As longtime fans of the show know, "Lost Girl" first premiered in Canada in 2010, and the second season of the show is already airing there (a third season has been commissioned as well). When the show premiered on Syfy, it wasn't known when the second season would air.
But now we know we've got lots of "Lost Girl" in our future -- so there's no reason not to catch up, especially if you're a fan of tonally nimble yet emotionally satisfying supernatural fare. There are frequent "Lost Girl" repeats on the network's schedule, so give it a whirl if you have a chance.
Benning big on not asking vets to waive no-trade clauses.
RALEIGH, N.C. — Jannik Hansen's response to the query was as quick as his stride.
Asked what it meant to the veteran core when Vancouver Canucks general manager Jim Benning recently pulled a surprise reversal from last year — declaring he won't ask anyone to waive a no-trade clause — the winger obviously applauded the commitment.
“It prevents you (media) guys from coming to us and asking when are we going to get traded this year — so it's nice,” chuckled Hansen. “I want to play here. I love being around the guys. I love the city and I want to win here. And I've been here for a very long time (nine seasons).
“It's nice that you don't have to speculate as to whether they're going to come in five days or five weeks to ask you for a list of (trade) teams.”
To those in the room, it was the ultimate vote of confidence. To those on the outside, it was confusing.
Benning also said in the same breath that he wants to add draft picks and the best way to acquire them is at the NHL trade deadline.
Alex Burrows and Hansen would command considerable interest from Stanley Cup contenders because of their versatility, experience and low financial risk as an unrestricted free-agent rental and attractive 2017-18 contract addition, respectively.
It's not a stretch to suggest that the healthy and rejuvenated 35-year-old Burrows could be reunited with Alain Vigneault in New York or land closer to home in Montreal. And who wouldn't want Hansen?
The 30-year-old Dane does everything any contender would covet — play up or down the lineup and kill penalties — and he has another year left on his contract at a US$2.5-million cap hit and $3 million in actual salary.
Those are bargain numbers for a guy who scored a career-high 22 goals last season — after being aligned with Henrik and Daniel Sedin — and does his damage at even strength. Burrows is free of hip issues and skating like he has turned back the career clock.
However, it now means the onus is on the players to approach management if they want to waive their NTCs for a shot at a championship. And that brings its own set of fuzzy optics about team loyalty versus personal agendas.
In a polarizing market where public opinion is divided about whether to retool on the fly or tear apart the roster for the sake of even more youth, it's another layer of potential angst.
“Stuff that matters to us is when there's some substance behind it (trades),” said Hansen. “Rumours are part of the game and stuff gets said all the time. When it's more than rumours, that's when you can see it on guys. It weighs on them.”
Leadership and mentorship are often referenced when the Canucks talk core. But factor in key injuries to Alex Edler and Chris Tanev, and a tumble down the statistical ladder — 29th in goals per game, 30th in first-period goals and 28th on the power play — and the prospect of already having to leapfrog four teams just to claim the final conference wild-card spot is beyond daunting. It's unrealistic.
That's why there's confusion.
Last year, it was pending unrestricted free agents Dan Hamhuis and Radim Vrbata who agreed to waive their NTCs for the betterment of the club. What now? Talk to Burrows and Hansen and they mention family in the same breath as chasing the Cup somewhere else.
And you know there's some substance to the home-front concern when Hansen knows what it would mean to relocate his twin boys who turn four years old in March.
“It's peace of mind for them not having to worry about uprooting everything and finding new schools or a new place to live,” he said. “More goes into it. It's easy for me to pack my bag and go to a different dressing room.
“It's a lot harder on the family and definitely something that weighs on your mind — when you hear there may be a possibility. Not so much hockey-wise, but for the family. It's not easy.”
It appears easier for the Canucks to see the current value in Hansen rather than the long-term return on what he could fetch at the deadline. If you're looking for glue to keep it together in the room and on the ice, a guy who has become a greater voice of reason and leads by example is hard to part with.
Then again, it's a Catch-22 because of what he would bring via a trade. At least the Canucks know what they have in Hansen. There's no mystery there.
“A lot of different dimensions with his game,” said Canucks coach Willie Desjardins. “His speed is good, he adds a little life in the dressing room and he's so good on the PK (penalty kill). And he's getting better as he goes and more effective because he pushes the defence back and can jump on them.
“He has come a long way. Two years ago, he wasn't a guy you would think of on that (top) line. Now, he's a pretty good fit.”
A reduction in clutch-and-grab hockey has suited Hansen. So has a career path that purposely placed him in Portland of the WHL for one season. The 287th pick in the 2004 draft — back when there were nine rounds — needed to see where the game could take him.
“The hockey was one part,” recalled Hansen, who had 24 goals and 40 assists in 64 games with the Winterhawks in 2005-06.
“It was more about getting away from home (Rodovre, Denmark) and travelling, and I was only used to playing 36 games in a season. The grind of it (WHL), the back-to-backs, three-in-three nights and the life was as close to this (NHL) as you could come.”
Not that Hansen knew much about the league growing up. He saw just one NHL game on TV.
“We had hockey cards,” he said. “We traded. We knew (Wayne) Gretzky and (Joe) Sakic and if somebody asked me how they played, I could look (at the cards) and tell them.”
HANSEN SEES TWO SIDES TO THAT RIELLY HIT
Jannik Hansen knows pain.
The Vancouver Canucks' winger has had a broken collarbone and the injury he suffered Nov. 5 in Toronto on a heavy and somewhat questionable centre-ice check from Morgan Rielly — a rib fracture between the cartilage and sternum — became urban legend for what he did right after the blow.
Hansen took issue with Nazem Kadri's targeted hit from behind that dropped Daniel Sedin. He bolted to the Toronto Maple Leafs' centre and started throwing punches. Even with an injury. What was he thinking?
“I had no problem with range of motion or pain when I was skating up the ice,” said Hansen, who returned Sunday after missing 16 games. “That didn't come until 40 minutes after the game. When you get shoulder injuries that are along the line of stingers, you can play for a while before your arm gets weaker and it starts to hurt more.
“I've broken my collarbone and there's no way you're fighting with that, because you're just trying to make it to the dressing room. I thought I was going to play in New York (Nov. 8), but on the plane, it (rib) progressively got worse and the next morning I knew something was wrong.”
As for the Rielly hit, Hansen sees two sides.
“It wasn't in the head and if it's not late, it's not illegal or whatever you want to say,” he said. “But it's tough to judge. The end result was not good and it's one of those hits that you think was a little bit too hard.
“But it's tough to take hitting out of the game.”
bkuzma@postmedia.com
twitter.com/benkuzma
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
Country English name Native-language name Notes
Algeria National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale (الدرك الوطني)
Argentina Argentine National Gendarmerie Gendarmería Nacional Argentina
Azerbaijan Internal Troops of Azerbaijan Azərbaycan Respublikası Daxili Qoşunları
Bahrain National Guard الحرس الوطني
Bahrain Public Security Forces
Belarus Internal Troops Belarusian: Унутраныя войскі (Unutranyja vojski)
Russian: Внутренние войска (Vnutrennie voyska)
Benin National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale
Bulgaria Bulgarian Gendarmerie Zhandarmeriya (Жандармерия) The Bulgarian Gendarmerie was disbanded by the country's General Directorate of Police and its personnel absorbed into various specialized police units.
Burundi National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale
Cameroon National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale
Canada Royal Canadian Mounted Police Gendarmerie royale du Canada
Canada Canadian Forces Military Police Police militaire des Forces canadiennes Sworn as peace officers who can arrest civilians on military bases
Chad National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale
Chile Carabineros of Chile Carabineros de Chile The police of streets, roads and borders.
Chile Chilean Gendarmerie Gendarmería de Chile The police of prisons and courts of justice. The national prison service of Chile.
China People's Armed Police Zhōngguó Rénmín Wǔzhuāng Jǐngchá Bùduì (中国人民武装警察部队) The PAP perform military-civilian police duties. The PAP is a component of the Paramilitary forces of China.
Egypt Central Security Forces A separate force known as the Egyptian Gendarmerie was created in 1882 and continued in existence until the overthrow of the monarchy in 1952. In 2014 it was announced that the Gendarmerie were to be recreated, initially for policing and security duties in certain districts of Cairo.
France National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale
Gabon National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale
Guinea-Bissau National Guard Guarda Nacional Created in 2010 through the merger of several former security agencies. Modeled on the Portuguese National Republican Guard and other similar organizations.
Indonesia Indonesian National Police Kepolisian Negara Republik Indonesia For part of its history (1946 - 2000), it was a service branch of the Indonesian National Armed Forces, under the Department of Defense and Security. Since 2000 it is an Independent civilian police under direct command of Indonesian President
Iraq National Police Not to be confused with civilian Iraqi Police Service, although at present both are highly militarized
Italy Corps of Carabineers
Finance Guard/ Customs Arma dei Carabinieri
Guardia di Finanza The Carabinieri is a component of the Italian Armed Forces and the Guardia di Finanza is a State Military Force and a Police Armed Corps who is part of the Italian Armed Forces, although they are controlled by different ministries
Jordan General Directorate of Gendarmerie General Directorate of Gendarmerie (قوات الدرك الأردني)
Kazakhstan National Guard Kazakh: Ұлттық Ұлан (Ulttıq Ulan)
Russian: Национальная гвардия (Natsionalnaya Gvardiya)
Kenya Military Police
Kuwait Kuwait National Guard الحرس الوطني الكويتي
Lebanon Internal Security Forces Internal Security Forces - ISF (قوى الأمن الداخلي) Nicknamed "El Darak"
Lithuania Public Safety Service Viešojo saugumo tarnyba
Madagascar National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale
Mali National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale
Mauritania National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale
Mautitania National Guard
Mexico National Gendarmerie Gendarmería nacional The National Gendarmerie was created in 2014, and is legally defined as a military force within the Federal Police. On account of its heavily armed agents, its culture, and its origins, the Federal Police as a whole may be considered a gendarmerie
Moldova Carabinier Troops Trupele de Carabinieri
Morocco Auxiliary Forces
Netherlands Royal Marechaussee Koninklijke Marechaussee
Poland Military Gendarmerie Żandarmeria Wojskowa
Portugal National Republican Guard Guarda Nacional Republicana
Romania Romanian Gendarmerie Jandarmeria Română
Russia Russian National Guard
Senegal National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale
Serbia Gendarmery Žandarmerija (Жандармерија)
Spain Civil Guard Guardia Civil
Tajikistan Internal Troops Қӯшунҳои дохилӣ
Togo National Gendarmerie Gendarmerie Nationale
Tunisia National Guard Garde Nationale
Turkey Gendarmerie Jandarma Genel Komutanlığı
Ukraine National Guard Національна гвардія України (Natsionalna hvardiia Ukrainy)
Vatican City Corps of Gendarmerie of Vatican City Corpo della Gendarmeria dello Stato della Città del Vaticano General responsibility for security and public order which encompasses all regular police duties, including border control, crime prevention and investigation, and enforcement of financial and commercial regulations.
Venezuela Venezuelan National Guard Guardia Nacional de Venezuela
Vietnam Vietnam People's Public Security Công an Nhân dân Việt Nam
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki refused on Friday to give up his quest for a third term in power, defying a chorus of critics demanding his replacement as the country faces an existential threat from Islamist insurgents.
Maliki has come under mounting pressure since militants of the group now calling itself the Islamic State rampaged through swathes of the country last month and declared a mediaeval-style caliphate on land they have captured in Iraq and neighboring Syria.
“I will never give up my candidacy for the post of prime minister,” Maliki said in a statement read out on state television by an announcer.
“I will remain a soldier, defending the interests of Iraq and its people,” he added, in the face of what he called terrorists and their allies.
He was referring to the Islamic State and some of the most prominent armed Sunni groups who have taken control of large parts of majority-Sunni regions of Iraq.
Maliki's statement will complicate the struggle to form a new government to unite the ethnically and religiously divided country, something parliament failed to achieve this week. It extends a political deadlock made all the more dangerous by the pressing threat to Iraq's territorial integrity.
Related Coverage Israel ready to help Jordan fend off Iraq insurgents if asked
Accused by his critics of exacerbating the country's sectarian split, Maliki has come under immense pressure to step down from his Sunni and Kurdish political foes, and even from some in his own Shi'ite camp.
In pointed comments in a Friday sermon read by an aide, the country's leading Shi'ite cleric said parliament's inability to form a new government at its first session was a “regrettable failure”.
Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani reiterated his call for the government to have “broad national acceptance”, a formulation that many officials interpret as a call for Maliki - accused by Sunnis of marginalizing them and worsening ethnic tensions - to go.
Iraq's implosion has been watched with intense concern by the United States, which invaded in 2003 to topple dictator Saddam Hussein and withdraw in 2011 after a war that cost almost 4,500 American and tens of thousands of Iraqi lives.
Washington has deployed advisers to Iraq. U.S. military officials believe the Iraqi army will be able to defend Baghdad but struggle to recapture lost territory, mainly because of logistical weaknesses.
Iraq's Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki prepares to vote during parliamentary election in Baghdad April 30, 2014. REUTERS/Ahmed Jadallah
VILLAGE CAPTURED
There was some encouragement for the Iraqi army on the battlefield: late on Thursday it scored a symbolic victory by recapturing Awja - the home village of Saddam Hussein - from Sunni insurgents.
Backed by helicopter gunships and helped by Shi'ite Muslim volunteers, the army took the village in an hour-long battle, according to state media, police and local inhabitants.
Awja lies 8 km (5 miles) south of Tikrit, a city that was captured by the Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot formerly known as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), as part of its lightning assault last month.
Iraqi's police and army imploded in the face of the militant onslaught, which also captured Mosul and other major Sunni areas. A government offensive to retake Tikrit began on June 28, but the army has still failed to win back the city
Maliki's military spokesman said Awja had been “totally cleansed” and 30 militants killed, according to state television. A police source told Reuters three insurgents had been killed.
The army said it now held the 50-km (30-mile) stretch of highway running north from the city of Samarra - which is 100 km (60 miles) north of Baghdad - to Awja.
But the mainly Sunni communities along this corridor remain hostile towards government forces, and army convoys continue to come under guerrilla attack.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Government forces could benefit, however, if cracks in the loose alliance of insurgents in Sunni majority areas widen.
In the town of Hawija, site of infighting last month between Islamist fighters and Sunni militia forces, members of local Sunni tribes told Reuters that community members had organised to fight against the militants in control of the town.
Members of the Al-Obaidi tribe were angered over the militants' seizure of homes of local sheikhs and officials, and had formed an armed group that killed five insurgents on patrol in the town on Friday, residents said.
The principal objective was to determine the extent to which physical activity (PA) accounts for differences in leukocyte telomere length (LTL) in a large random sample of U.S. adults. Another purpose was to assess the extent to which multiple demographic and lifestyle covariates affect the relationship between PA and LTL. A total of 5823 adults from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES 1999-2002) were studied cross-sectionally. Employing the quantitative polymerase chain reaction method, LTL was compared to standard reference DNA. PA was indexed using MET-minutes using self-reported frequency, intensity, and duration of participation in 62 physical activities. Covariates were controlled statistically. Telomeres were 15.6 base pairs shorter for each year of chronological age (F=723.2, P<0.0001). PA was inversely related to LTL after adjusting for all the covariates (F=8.3, P=0.0004). Telomere base pair differences between adults with High activity and those in the Sedentary, Low, and Moderate groups were 140, 137, and 111, respectively. Adults with High activity were estimated to have a biologic aging advantage of 9years (140 base pairs÷15.6) over Sedentary adults. The difference in cell aging between those with High and Low activity was also significant, 8.8years, as was the difference between those with High and Moderate PA (7.1years). Overall, PA was significantly and meaningfully associated with telomere length in U.S. men and women. Evidently, adults who participate in high levels of PA tend to have longer telomeres, accounting for years of reduced cellular aging compared to their more sedentary counterparts.
Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Refocused: Miami Dolphins 23, Atlanta Falcons 20
By PFF Analysis Team • Aug 11, 2017
The first official week of the preseason is upon us, and started off with a whopping seven games on Thursday night, treating fans across the country with the first glimpse of some impactful rookies, players who may get starting nods and some surprise guys who may make their respective 53-man rosters.
The Miami Dolphins hosted the Atlanta Falcons, with no action from newly-signed QB Jay Cutler, the Dolphins bettered the reigning NFC Champions by a score of 23-20, highlighted by a 99-yard touchdown from QB David Fales to WR Damore'ea Stringfellow. With that, we refocus on this contest and give you our PFF exclusive takeaways from the contest for each team.
Top 5 Grades
EDGE Terrence Fede, 85.5 overall grade
T Eric Smith, 83.8 overall grade
DI Nick Williams, 82.8 overall grade
DI Lawrence Okoye, 82.7 overall grade
LB Chase Allen, 82.7 overall grade
Performances of note:
T Eric Smith, 83.8 overall grade
It was a good day for the undrafted free agent out of Virginia, who played the second most snaps among all Dolphins offensive players (55 snaps). He allowed just one late QB hurry on 35 pass blocking snaps for a pass blocking efficiency of 97.5, tops of any tackle so far this preseason with at least 23 snaps in pass protection. He also finished with an impressive run blocking grade of 85.3.
WR Francis Owusu, 80.9 overall grade
It was impressive to see Owusu with such a high grade considering he only had two catches all game. But both catches were on throws over 20 yards in the air, which means Owusu had a perfect 100.0 percent catch rate on deep throws. Both catches were impressive back shoulder catches on third down, one of which went for a touchdown, which only added to Owusu's impressive performance.
EDGE Terrence Fede, 85.5 overall grade
The former seventh-round draft pick played just 16 snaps but made his presence felt, generating a hit and a hurry on just six pass-rushes, for a pass rush productivity of 25.0. Fede also made two combined defensive stops, and finished the game with team-high overall grade of 85.5.
DI Lawrence Okoye, 82.7 overall grade
Okoye was disruptive in both the run and pass game, collecting two quarterback hurries, two tackles, and two solo stops on the night.
Top 5 Grades
EDGE J'Terius Jones, 87.3 overall grade
DI Joe Vellano, 86.1 overall grade
LB De'Vondre Campbell, 86.1 overall grade
EDGE Courtney Upshaw, 83.9 overall grade
CB Jarnor Jones, 81.8 overall grade
Performances of note:
HB Terron Ward, 71.5 overall grade
The third-year pro was one of the lone bright spots for the Falcons offense as Ward ended up with a game-high 48 yards on 11 carries and a touchdown. That translated over to another game-high, as his 75.3 run grade topped all backs.
LG Travis Averill, 72.8 overall grade
While the rest of his teammates combined to allow 11 quarterback pressures against the Dolphins, Averill held his own in not allowing a single pressure on 16 pass blocking snaps, for a pass block efficiency of 100.0. His pass block grade of 79.0 was the best of any Falcons player.
EDGE J'Terius Jones, 87.3 overall grade
Jones was making plays all over the field for the Falcons defense on Thursday night. He finished with a pass-rush productivity mark of 10.7 thanks to his one QB hit and two hurries (plus two more negated by penalties) on 21 rushes. He also added a pass defense on one of the few plays he dropped into coverage.
DI Joe Vellano, 86.1 overall grade
Vellano was a force in the run game for the Falcons defense, racking up four solo run stops on just 14 run snaps. That works out to an incredible run stop percentage of 28.6 percent. He also chipped in with a pressure and forced an offensive holding penalty on another pass-rush, leading to his impressive grade.
PFF Game Ball: J'Terius Jones, EDGE
*Grades subject to change
Athletes, fans and alumni of Pac-12 institutions await tonight's launch of the Pac-12 Network.
The launch of the Pac-12 Networks has been highly anticipated ever since Larry Scott announced the complete makeover of the conference's television coverage last year. And the wait is finally over. Tonight at 6PM PDT time the Pac-12 network will debut along with its six regional networks, each one shared by the sets of rival schools that compose the Pac-12 geographic footprint.
To say that this is a landmark unveiling is selling short what Scott has accomplished. The Pac-12 network will have an enormous digital and multimedia platform and will broadcast every conference football and men's basketball game on national television. This coverage is a far cry from the days when local fans couldn't watch their favorite team at home, let alone if they lived on the other side of the country.
The Pac-12 Network, which is located in San Francisco near the conference headquarters in Walnut Creek, CA, will broadcast 850 live events in the first year alone. It has partnered with Fox and ESPN for basketball and football coverage, but will also provide unprecedented coverage of lesser-televised sports such as volleyball, baseball, softball, swimming and diving as well as soccer.
This has been Scott's mission from the start. He felt that the conference was undervalued when he took over and frankly he was correct. The conference has footprints in media giant Los Angeles as well as in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, Phoenix, and now Denver. The conference routinely competed in all sports even with a television contract that paled in comparison to its counterparts in the Big 10 and SEC. Those days are now gone.
Check Out: Stanford Syncs with the NFL by Progressing with Digital Technology
The Pac-12 now will enjoy the most lucrative contract in all college athletics and that will certainly translate into better facilities and upgrades in coaching talent. Washington State hired Mike Leach for big money and Arizona and Washington have huge stadium projects that are currently underway. The big bump in exposure is certain to encourage more improvements.
Gary Stevenson, the Pac-12 Enterprises President and also an architect of the Big-12 Network has major plans for the networks.
“It was very bold and courageous of our presidents to say, there's got to be a better way to do this,” said Stevenson to SVG in June. “A big part of the vision was taking control of our content, and equally important are the ways to distribute it. So that meant a coordinated strategy between broadcast TV, cable TV, and a full range of digital rights. It meant not just the assumption of one network but seven networks: one national and six regional. So we can do national programming and hyper-local programming.”
The launch will be all encompassing as well, not just limited to television viewing. The network is using the TV Everywhere platform (supported by Ooyala) and will be aimed at providing content for TVs, computers, tablets as well as all smartphones. The Pac-12 recently constructed a 2,000 square foot control room to help control all the online content that they will be producing continuously after the launch date.
Check Out: Oregon Athletics Unveils The Latest Technology in Facility Makeover
The big factor for the Pac-12 is ensuring a profitable number of subscribers to the network while maintaining full ownership of the Pac-12 Enterprises. This is in sharp contrast to Fox's 51% ownership of the Big 10 Network and ESPN's primary stakes in the new Longhorn network. The Pac-12 network will reap all the rewards while simultaneously taking on all the risks of a new major television media company.
“There is no big parent media company coming in at the last minute saying, ‘Hey, we're going to send you 10 production guys to help you get over the hump,'” says Leon Schweir, SVP of production and operations and productions for the Pac-12. “Any hump we want to get over, we have to get over it ourselves. It's on our resources.”
Pac-12 Commissioner Larry Scott is taking the Pac-12 to new heights as he has been able to fully invest the $3 billion dollar rights deal into the conference infrastructure. Participating schools are also investing in their operation and product.
It is an exciting time for the athletes, fans and alumni of Pac-12 intuitions. It looks like the rest of the country will be playing catch-up as long as Larry Scott is in charge.
I currently have these items equipped, with the gem links as shown in the gear that is linked here:
Equipped
I also have these items available:
Stash
My current tree is for a flame totem build which I have not yet been able to respec and have been using for testing. The plan is to reroll after Perandus leagues and change ascendancies to Juggernaut for Unstoppable so that I can move, cast, and attack while frozen.
Here's the tree:
Tree https://www.pathofexile.com/passive-skill-tree/AAAABAEDAAGRAdwB5wPWBLMFLQYOBqAJ9gthDF8QzBLhFCAWCxkuGjgaPhpVG_ocpyXfJy8n7SkuKhMt0jH7MtE1kjboOtg8LT38QYdFR0WdR35KLlNSU6VXDVhjWOVZ81orXl1fP2EhZIRko2aeaPJuqnIPdO17IHuzfIN8uHy7f-OCB4Nfg8yE2YTvkFWa4J7NogCi6qQZpzCnlKelrY2vbLXytiy3Prl-vTa9YMBmxFjE9sWKxgTGrsbYz37R_dIh1HzVi9i92WHawevu7UTvDvAf8azyQfZI-JP5vfno_gr-hw==
My current item setup gives me 55k armor while frozen for 90% damage reduction, and I have 4k life while capped on all resistances including chaos. I am still capped on cold resist even when cursed. Without being frozen, I have a measly 13% damage reduction.
I know it looks a bit weird but the shield, boots, and zahndethus's cassock were pretty much required if I was going to cap chaos resist due to the restriction to 3 slots to do it. Even with all of those I'm still going to need to take the 4 templar +chaos resist/life nodes to just barely cap it once I respec. Aurumvorax was also pretty much mandatory since there were so many uniques.
My question is, how do I freeze myself? My current setup is unable to freeze myself well despite self-cursing with Frostbite and popping Taste of Hate before self-damaging a great deal. I only really get frozen when there are a ton of mobs hitting me and ToH is up, but it never lasts for long despite using Auxium with only about 700ES.
My current build has an okay clear but I would really like to be able to consistently freeze myself to maximize the benefit from berek's pass and winterheart, which are the whole point of the build.
Ideally the build would move towards a CWDT scold's build for damage.
Please advise. Hi All,I currently have these items equipped, with the gem links as shown in the gear that is linked here:I also have these items available:My current tree is for a flame totem build which I have not yet been able to respec and have been using for testing. The plan is to reroll after Perandus leagues and change ascendancies to Juggernaut for Unstoppable so that I can move, cast, and attack while frozen.Here's the tree:My current item setup gives me 55k armor while frozen for 90% damage reduction, and I have 4k life while capped on all resistances including chaos. I am still capped on cold resist even when cursed. Without being frozen, I have a measly 13% damage reduction.I know it looks a bit weird but the shield, boots, and zahndethus's cassock were pretty much required if I was going to cap chaos resist due to the restriction to 3 slots to do it. Even with all of those I'm still going to need to take the 4 templar +chaos resist/life nodes to just barely cap it once I respec. Aurumvorax was also pretty much mandatory since there were so many uniques.My question is, how do I freeze myself? My current setup is unable to freeze myself well despite self-cursing with Frostbite and popping Taste of Hate before self-damaging a great deal. I only really get frozen when there are a ton of mobs hitting me and ToH is up, but it never lasts for long despite using Auxium with only about 700ES.My current build has an okay clear but I would really like to be able to consistently freeze myself to maximize the benefit from berek's pass and winterheart, which are the whole point of the build.Ideally the build would move towards a CWDT scold's build for damage.Please advise. Last edited by Zhandragon on Apr 24, 2016, 9:17:03 PM Last bumped on Apr 25, 2016, 12:15:44 PM Posted by Zhandragon
on on Quote this Post
You have to have the lowest amount of ES as possible when using Auxium if you want to have a long freeze.
Another thing, why do you max chaos res? Am I missing something?
Freezing requires freeze chance or a critical strike. Scolds Bridle nor Heartbound Loop can crit, but I think if you curse yourself with frostbite use Taste of hate and cast a few fast skills it might freeze you. I would search for a replacement for taste of hate but i think there arent many options. Last edited by Khyroku on Apr 24, 2016, 10:23:49 PM Posted by Khyroku
on on Quote this Post
I think it's likely that you're not dealing yourself enough COLD damage to freeze yourself, even with only 700 ES. To Freeze yourself at all with 700 ES, you'd need to deal yourself 35 cold damage after resists are accounted for (note that this would be less if you had a 20Q Frostbite, since that increases freeze duration). That's 185 raw cold damage at 81% cold res, or 925 phys damage before conversion (81% resist from ToH included). I doubt your mana cost is that high...? You could reduce that number by running a non-ES chest. Is max chaos res absolutely necessary for your build? Degen won't a problem with Winterheart, and very few mobs deal large chaos hits.
Also note that Taste of Hate gives Freeze avoidance, lessening the chance to freeze provided by Frostbite. You could maybe augment Frostbite with some Reckless Defence jewels, so you take more crits = more chance to be frozen. I'm not sure if it works with Scold's, though. Increased Curse effect would also help, particularly with 20Q Frostbite.
As for why you're not getting frozen by monsters, I'm not sure, but maybe it's because you're running a lot of evasion with enfeeble? What monsters are you testing against? Again, you have to get hit for 950 phys damage to get frozen, and then there's a 12% chance to be frozen from Frostbite, reduced to a ~8% chance after Taste of Hate. You should only be getting frozen about once every 12 hits.
Last thing to note: It's going to be very hard to proc CWDT with Scold's when you have 50k armour, ToH or no. If you're trying to mitigate Scold's damage, I recommend using a non-CWDT setup for damage.
Edit: The phys damage I listed is the MINIMUM amount to freeze yourself. To freeze yourself for longer than .3s, you'll need more. builds: https://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/1663570/ Last edited by ThatsSoGoodman on Apr 24, 2016, 10:19:50 PM Posted by ThatsSoGoodman
on on Quote this Post
Welcome to why lightning coil is broken. It's almost impossible to deal yourself enough damage to shock/freeze yourself with coil/ToH since they made the durations of shocks and freezes lower. Capped lightning with coil needs something like a hit of 2/3s of your life pool to shock you (for the MINIMUM duration) and you need to be dealt more than 125% of your "life pool" in physical damage in one hit (barring an added cold damage mod) to be frozen by ToH.
In other words, get that ES down. Posted by AgaresOaks
on on Quote this Post
If you wanted to do this in standard, you could try to find a unique talisman that converts 100% of fire damage taken to cold damage then use something like the cloak of flame or, alternatively, use a talisman that converts 100% of lightning damage to cold damage to use Lightning Coil and proc your own freeze (try to lose all the ES and you should be able to freeze yourself frequently) Posted by Solavice
on on Quote this Post
More than half of Canadians are now within $200 of being unable to handle their monthly costs, a new debt survey shows.
In yet another indication of the mounting debt many Canadians are taking on, MNP Debt, part of the personal insolvency business of Calgary-based MNP LLP, said 56 per cent of those polled — up from 48 per cent surveyed six months ago — are close to facing negative cash flow should they take on up to another $200 in monthly debt.
The online survey of of 1,502 Canadians conducted between Sept. 6 and Sept. 12 also found 31 per cent are already not paying their bills on time, making them technically insolvent, MNP says.
“I'm sure there are many households on the edge. It's not new, but if you look at the debt-service ratios, they have been grinding up, too,” said Doug Porter, chief economist with Bank of Montreal, referring to the amount of money relative to income needed to cover principal and interest costs. “The concern is obviously if we did get a sustained increase in interest rates.”
A survey this month from TransUnion found 718,000 Canadians can't even absorb a 25-basis point increase in interest rates without being in a negative cash flow situation. One percentage point would drive 917,000 over the edge, the credit rating agency found.
In another recent study, the Canadian Payroll Association said 48 per cent of Canadians couldn't make ends meets if they missed just one paycheque – a dire picture of a country living paycheque-to-paycheque.
Canadians are showing no signs of slowing down their debt consumption. The latest numbers from Statistics Canada indicate household debt as a ratio of disposable income rose to 167.6 per cent in the second quarter from 165.2 per cent in the first quarter.
Porter said about 70 per cent of debt is tied up in mortgages and tied to booming housing markets. But in general there might be a sense of “the boy who cried wolf” when it comes to getting consumers to believe they could face a jump in interest rates, which stand at 2.7 per cent for a loan tied to the prime lending rate.
MNP said there is some positive news about debt costs. More Canadians now say they are concerned about their debt —52 per cent, up from 43 per cent six months ago.
“It's actually positive to see that a growing number of Canadians are concerned. Many households have come to rely on cheap credit in order to cover expenses, but we can't continue to be comfortable taking on more credit to finance a lifestyle we can't afford,” said Grant Bazian, president of MNP Debt.
Scott Hannah, the chief executive of the Vancouver-based Credit Counselling Society, said every study makes him a little more anxious about the abilities of Canadians to handle an interest rate hike.
“I think consumers are safe in the short-term, but in dangerous territory in the mid-term,” he said. “A lot of people are at the point they just have so little ability to make change because of their debt levels.”
gmarr@nationalpost.com
twitter.com/dustywallet
FCC scraps Net neutrality talks
The Federal Communications Commission Thursday suspended its weeks-long series of talks with Internet providers on Net neutrality, dealing a blow to efforts to produce a deal that the agency could take to Congress. The decision to cut off negotiations marks a major political setback for Chairman Julius Genachowski, whose office reached out to stakeholders six weeks ago to strike an agreement and avoid a public battle overrules that would treat all users' Web traffic equally. Story Continued Below But the end to industry discussions — which a source close to the FCC talks blamed entirely on news that Google and Verizon separately sought some form of net neutrality agreement — could now force the FCC to take a more aggressive approach to solidifying its broadband authority. FCC chief of staff Edward Lazarus stressed in a briefly worded statement that the agency has no plans to back down on Net neutrality, months after a federal court in a case involving Comcast essentially nullified much of the agency's broadband authority. Lazarus said the agency's round of stakeholder meetings had not “generated a robust framework to preserve the openness and freedom of the Internet.” But he added that “all options remain on the table.” "Any outcome, any deal that doesn't preserve the freedom and openness of the Internet for consumers and entrepreneurs, will be unacceptable,” he said. At first, the FCC had signaled it hoped to avoid that contentious process by brokering an agreement with key industry players — including Verizon, AT&T, Google, Skype, a cable association and the Open Internet Coalition, a group of Internet companies, such as Amazon, and public interest groups including Free Press. If successful, the talks could have led to a road map for lawmakers, many of whom were left uneasy by the FCC's push to use its own rule-making process to solidify its broadband authority. From the beginning, there was much consternation over the private meetings. Many stakeholders, especially the consumer advocate community, felt left out of the discussions. The secretive talks also excluded the other FCC commissioners and left some in the tech community feeling as if major companies were defining the future of the Internet without their input.
This article tagged under: Google
Verizon
FCC
Technology
[Editor's note: This article was updated and a quote was replaced to more accurately reflect the state of the trucking industry.]
Layoffs are a fact of life in this economy, but there are humane ways to do it. Then there's the Arrow Trucking method.
The Tulsa, Okla., trucking company stopped payment on the gas cards of its drivers, leaving some of them stranded Tuesday around the United States, miles from home. No explanation on the website. No one at the company answering phones.
The 200 or so employees at Arrow Trucking's headquarters were told to pack up their belongings and go home Tuesday morning, according to the Tulsa World.
The only acknowledgement was a brief recorded message on the company's main phone number, asking drivers of its Freightliner and Kenworth trucks to turn their rigs in to the nearest dealer and to call a special hotline to arrange for a bus ticket home. Drivers of the company's Navistar trucks were told to call back for more information.
"I wouldn't say it's typical, but I wouldn't say it's unheard of" for a trucking company to lay off workers in such a fashion, says Alan Bristol, a truck driver in Fort Collins, Colo., who was laid off earlier this year.
The difference is that more than 95 percent of such failures involve companies with fewer than 20 trucks. The apparent failure of Arrow Trucking, with some 1,400 flatbed trucks and 2,600 trailers operating throughout the US, created much bigger ripples throughout the industry. "A company this size would normally go into this bankruptcy in a little bit more orderly manner," Mr. Bristol says.
Information about the company's fate remains scarce. In February, the company laid off 32 administrative workers, about 2 percent of its workforce, citing a soft economy.
Because trucking firms operate on low margins, several hundred exits the business each year. Socked by high fuel prices in 2008, a whopping 3,065 trucking companies with five or more drivers went under. This year, the industry has lost 1,255 firms through the third quarter, a pace which is a little better than in 2007.
But "the trucking industry is still in the worst slowdown since the Depression," writes Clayton Boyce, spokesman for the American Trucking Associations (ATA), in an e-mail. In October, the ATA's truck tonnage index – a number that measures the amount carried on trucks for a given month – fell slightly from a month earlier. Truck freight volumes are down 20 percent to 30 percent from what they were less than two years ago, he adds.
Concerns over bees, especially the European honey bee (Apis mellifera) have rarely been higher. Although there are few hard data there is a general consensus that both solitary and social bee populations are declining and that recently the still-mysterious colony collapse disorder (CCD) has dramatically worsened this situation. No definitive cause for CCD has yet been established but there is widespread agreement that CCD is caused by more than one factor Calderone, 2008 ; Oldroyd, 2007).One of the speculated contributors to this decline is transgenic crops and specifically those containing Bt proteins since these are insect-active toxins to which bees are exposed through various routes. In particular, bee larvae are exposed since they consume large quantities of pollen which they sometimes source from maize plants (Sabugosa-Madeira et al. 2007). Up to now however there has been no specific evidence that any Bt toxin has negative effects on bees, but equally such studies have been rare. Particularly lacking are studies on sub-lethal effects of Bt toxins on bees.In the view of many, there is clear evidence from laboratory settings that Bt toxins can affect non-target organisms. Usually, but not always, affected organisms are closely related to intended targets (reviewed in Lovei and Arpaia 2005 and Hilbeck and Schmidt 2006). Typically, exposure is through the consumption of plant parts such as pollen or plant debris or through Bt ingested by their predatory food choices. Nevertheless, due to significant data gaps, the real-world consequences of Bt transgenics remains unclear.Thus the lepidopteran-active Cry1Ab is, not unexpectedly, toxic to some butterflies (e.g. Losey et al 1999 and Lang and Vojtech 2006) while more distantly-related organisms affected by Cry1Ab are ladybird larvae, caddisflies and Daphnia Magna (Rosi-Marshall et al 2007; Bøhn et al 2008; Schmidt et al 2008). Other variants of Bt, such as Cry3Bb, are considered coleopteran-active but have been the subject of less research. Nevertheless, these may also affect non-target coleopterans such as ladybird larvae as well as more distantly related organisms such as lacewings (Hilbeck and Schmidt 2006; Schmidt et al 2008).A recent paper adds to the non-target story by demonstrating that honey bees fed on the active form of purified Cry1Ab protein can be affected in the learning responses necessary to associate nectar sources with odourants (Ramirez-Romero et al 2008). This learning response is important in bee foraging behaviour and it has attracted the attention of CCD researchers since it is known to be inhibited by the insecticide imidacloprid (e.g. Decourtye et al 2004). In this latest study bees consuming artificial nectar containing 5000ppb of Cry1Ab continued to respond positively to a learned odour even in the absence of a food reward, while normal bee behaviour is to become discouraged and seek more abundant food sources.Left unstudied by the authors however was the likely mode of action of this behavioural effect. This is of considerable interest since the principal means of Bt lethality, which is thought to be a receptor-mediated effect on gut integrity, fails to explain the observed behavioural modification. The new finding is therefore particularly interesting since it lends weight to a previous suggestion that Bt toxins may have other, non-lethal effects which become apparent only when the normal (i.e. lethal) effect is absent (Hilbeck and Schmidt 2006; Schmidt et al. 2008). If there were to be multiple modes of Bt action then many more non-target organisms would likely be at risk from Bt transgenics.The authors propose that bees are unlikely to be exposed to the quantity of Cry1Ab that led to the defects in behaviour they observed. However, this conclusion seems premature since Bt concentrations in plants are highly variable (Lorch and Then 2007). It is also probable that in real situations bees may be exposed earlier in their development and over longer periods. Bt Researcher Angelika Hilbeck believes that experiments simulating real-world bee experiences are still lacking. "What really needs to be looked at are combinations of both the Bt toxin AND imidacloprid and not Bt toxin OR imidacloprid, and in a form that simulates the exposure routes in the field".ReferencesBøhn T., Primicerio R., Hessen D.O., Traavik T. (2008) Reduced Fitness of Daphnia magna Fed a Bt-Transgenic Maize Variety. Arch. Environ. Contam. Toxicol. 55:584-92Decourtye A.; Armengaud C., Renouc M.; Devillers J.; Cluzeau S.; Gauthier M. and Pham-Delègue M-H. (2004) Imidacloprid impairs memory and brain metabolism in the honeybee (Apis mellifera L.). Pesticide Biochemistry and Physiology 78: 83-92Hilbeck A. and Schmidt J.E.U. (2006) Another View on Bt Proteins – How Specific are They and What Else Might They Do? Biopestic. Int. 2: 1-50Lang A. and Vojtech E. (2006) The effects of pollen consumption of transgenic Bt maize on the common swallowtail, Papilio machaon L. (Lepidoptera, Papilioni). Basic and Applied Ecology 7: 296-306Lövei G.L. and Arpaia S. (2005) The impact of transgenic plants on natural enemies: a critical review of laboratory studies. Entomologia Experimentalis et Applicata 114: 1-14Lorch A. and Then C. (2007) How much Bt toxin do MON810 plants actually Produce? www.greenpeace.de/fileadmin/gpd/user_upload/themen/gentechnik/greenpeace_bt_maize_engl.pdf Losey J.E. Rayor L.S.; and Carter M.E. (1999)Transgenic pollen harms monarch larvae Nature 399: 214Oldroyd B. (2007) What's Killing American Honey Bees? PLoS Biol 5(6)Ramirez-Romero R.; Desneux N.; Decourtye A.; Chaffiol A.; Pham-Delègue M.H. (2008)Does Cry1Ab protein affect learning performances of the honey bee Apis mellifera L. (Hymenoptera, Apidae)? Ecotoxicol Environ Saf. 70:327-33Rosi-Marshall, E.J.; J. L. Tank; T. V. Royer; M. R. Whiles; M. Evans-White; C. Chambers; N. A. Griffiths; J. Pokelsek and M. L. Stephen (2007) Toxins in transgenic crop byproducts may affect headwater stream ecosystems. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 104: 16204–16208Sabugosa-Madeira B.; Abreu I.; Ribeiro H. and Cunha M. (2007) Bt transgenic maize pollen and the silent poisoning of the hive Journal of Apicultural Research 46: 57-58Schmidt J.E.; Braun C.U.; Whitehouse L.P.; Hilbeck A. Effects of Activated Bt Transgene Products (Cry1Ab, Cry3Bb) on Immature Stages of the Ladybird Adalia bipunctata in Laboratory Ecotoxicity Testing. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol. 2008 Aug 20
84 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Trying to track updates on a developing Terrence Malick movie always seems to fall somewhere between peering into a crystal ball and playing whack-a-mole. And that has been the case for “Weightless,” which first started production way back in 2011, and in the interim, has seen the filmmaker release “To The Wonder” and “Knight Of Cups,” while gearing up his documentary “Voyage Of Time” to arrive this fall. But it seems “Weightless” is now nearing the finish line.
The British Board Of Film Classification has revealed that the movie runs 145 minutes and 5 seconds long, and have stamped it with 15-rating for “infrequent strong sex, sex references.” The BBFC also have revealed the credited actors, with the cast list including, Ryan Gosling, Christian Bale, Cate Blanchett, Rooney Mara, Haley Bennett, Natalie Portman, Michael Fassbender, Val Kilmer, Benicio Del Toro, Clifton Collins Jr., Angela Bettis, Bérénice Marlohe, Florence Welch, and Holly Hunter. I wouldn't necessarily take it as gospel, and who knows how long these appearances actually last in the movie (Bale only shot for three days, for example) but its a handy guide.
The movie, set around intersecting relationships in the Austin music scene, apparently has a release date set for June 24th in the U.K. That seems….surprising….though it is the weekend of Glastonbury. Maybe the movie that filmed during Austin City Limits, and placed the actors in the midst of live performances by Arcade Fire, Iron & Wine, Fleet Foxes, Black Lips, and Patti Smith, will have some kind of screening/premiere at the legendary rock festival? We shall see.
If there's any kind of takeaway here, it's that it looks like Malick is finally finished “Weightless” (unless he decides to tinker with it some more). But my best guess is that it probably won't see release until next year, and will likely hit a major film festival first.
COLUMN ONE Japan's police see no evil
A drive to keep crime statistics low often fosters an official aversion to autopsies, critics say.
Forensic scientists say there are many reasons for the low rate, including inadequate budgets and a desperate shortage of pathologists outside the biggest urban areas. There is also a cultural resistance in Japan to handling the dead, with families often reluctant to insist upon a procedure that invades the body of a loved one.
As is common in Japan, Aichi police reached their verdict on how Saito died without an autopsy. No need for a coroner, they said. No crime involved. Only 6.3% of the unnatural deaths in Aichi are investigated by a medical examiner, a minuscule rate even by nationwide standards in Japan, where an autopsy is performed in 11.2% of cases.
But police in Japan's Aichi prefecture saw something else when they looked at the body of Takashi Saito, a 17-year-old sumo wrestler who arrived at a hospital in June. The cause of death was "heart disease," police declared.
TOKYO — Photos of the teenager's corpse show a deep cut on his right arm, horrific bruising on his neck and chest. His face is swollen and covered with cuts. A silhouette of violence runs from the corner of his left eye over the cheekbone to his jaw, and his legs are pocked with small burns the size of a lighted cigarette.
But Saito's case has given credence to complaints by a group of frustrated doctors, former pathologists and ex-cops who argue that Japan's police culture is the main obstacle.
Police discourage autopsies that might reveal a higher homicide rate in their jurisdiction, and pressure doctors to attribute unnatural deaths to health reasons, usually heart failure, the group alleges. Odds are, it says, that people are getting away with murder in Japan, a country that officially claims one of the lowest per capita homicide rates in the world.
"You can commit a perfect murder in Japan because the body is not likely to be examined," says Hiromasa Saikawa, a former member of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police security and intelligence division. He says senior police officers are "obsessed with statistics because that's how you get promotions," and strive to reduce the number of criminal cases as much as possible to keep their almost perfect solution rate.
Japan's annual police report says its officers made arrests in 96.6% of the country's 1,392 homicides in 2005.
But Saikawa, who says he became disillusioned by "fishy" police practices and in 1997 left the force in disgust after 30 years, claims that police try to avoid adding homicides to their caseload unless the identity of the killer is obvious.
"All the police care about is how they look to people; it's all PR to show that their capabilities are high," Saikawa says. "Without autopsies they can keep their percentage [of solved cases] high. It's all about numbers."
--
The former policeman has written a memoir of his time on the force. Called "Policeman at the Scene," it describes a police culture that has chipped away at the effectiveness of an autopsy system created during the U.S. occupation after World War II.
"The police textbooks taught us not to trust doctors," he says, adding that police officers indirectly pressure doctors to sign death certificates without an autopsy. "Doctors are afraid of the police. They are afraid of retaliation. They worry the police could prosecute them for malpractice. So they are easily pressured.
"There is no one refereeing the police," Saikawa says. "It's scary."
After the war, Americans created a medical examiner's office for Tokyo after learning that thousands of deaths in the postwar rubble were being ascribed to starvation without any forensic examination. It was soon discovered that a tuberculosis epidemic was the main culprit.
The system was soon expanded to six other big cities which, for the most part, are the jurisdictions where autopsies are done with the most frequency (in 2004, autopsies were conducted in 29% of Kanagawa prefecture's unnatural deaths; 18% of those in Tokyo). But much of the country remains without a fully functioning medical examiner system.
A trio of tribal elders asked a judge in Oregon this week to settle a long-standing dispute with the federal government over sacred burial grounds they contend were destroyed nearly a decade ago to expand a highway near Mt. Hood.
The lawsuit claims the government destroyed a sacred site along a roughly 5-acre parcel on the north side of U.S. 26, about 13 miles west of Government Camp, in 2008 for a widening project. An attorney representing the tribal elders said they tried for years to work with the government to avoid a lawsuit but were unsuccessful.
Wilbur Slockish and Johnny Jackson, the Hereditary Chiefs of the Klickitat and Cascade Tribes of the Yakama Nation respectively, filed a motion for summary judgment in U.S. District Court Monday. Carol Logan, a tribal elder with the Confederated Tribes of Grande Ronde, and two nonprofit groups, also are part of the lawsuit filed against the U.S. Federal Highway Administration and U.S. Bureau of Land Management.
The elders are seeking a ruling from the judge that the government violated a key section of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, the same law cited by the U.S. Supreme Court to protect the owners of the conservative retailer Hobby Lobby and the Little Sisters of the Poor.
"When it's an endangered species, wetlands, or even a nearby tattoo parlor, the government finds a way to protect it," Luke Goodrich, an attorney with the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, said in a statement. "But when it's a Native American sacred site, they unleash the bulldozers and chainsaws. Becket is a nonprofit religious liberty law firm.
"After taking this land from the tribes in 1855, the government now has the gall to claim that it can destroy it because it is 'government land.' But it's not 1855 anymore," Goodrich said. Two of the plaintiffs are direct descendants of Sla-kish, the tribal chief who signed the Yakama Treaty in 1855.
A spokesperson for the Federal Highway Administration declined to comment, saying the agency does not comment on pending lawsuits.
According to court documents, the location near today's Wildwood Recreation Site was used for centuries by tribal members to practice Washat, an ancient Yakama religion.
Decrepit fish camps built on broken promises Four tribes that had fishing villages wiped out in the last century are left waiting for the federal government to keep a promise of better housing.
The tribes used the specific site on the approach to Mt. Hood, named Ana Kwna Nchi chi Patat, or the Place of Big Big Trees, as a resting stop and religious campground.
Tribal members used the area to rest while en route to Celilo Falls, the lawsuit said.
For centuries, the site included an altar made of river rocks and other stone monuments nestled among old-growth trees.
"To me, this site was like a church. One that never had walls, or a roof, or a floor, but it was still just as sacred," Jackson said in a statement. "If the government can callously destroy our place of worship, it could do the same to any other group."
The elders say they were first made aware of a possible highway expansion in 1985. They say BLM officials surveyed the campground and determined the altar was a significant artifact that may be at least several hundred years old, according to the lawsuit.
But it was subsequently destroyed.
Goodrich said in an interview that the elders are not able to obtain a financial settlement under the federal religious freedom act. Rather, they are asking an apology, declaration that there was a significant wrong perpetrated on the native people and they're asking for some remediation of the site.
The group is asking for all or part of an earthen berm installed covering the campsite and burial ground to be removed, and trees and vegetation planted. The government could also install a marker acknowledging the historic nature of the site or allow tribal members to create a replica of the ancient altar on the site.
-- Andrew Theen
atheen@oregonian.com
503-294-4026
@andrewtheen
Clarification: This story has been clarified to reflect clearly that the lawsuit involved the tribal elders, not the tribes. A previous version of the story was not clear.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – The Nicollet Mall Farmers Market in Minneapolis is moving to another new location for the summer, thanks to construction.
For the 2016 season, the market will be held at the Hennepin County Government Center's South Plaza.
The South Plaza is located on 300 S. 6th Street downtown.
Last year, the Nicollet Farmers Market was moved to Hennepin Avenue.
“Hennepin County Government Center's South Plaza offers a fantastic green space that will allow patrons to gather, browse and shop in a convenient location,” Farmers Market Manager Pat Nelson said in a recent press release.
In addition to the farmers market, the Hennepin County Government Center's South Plaza will also house Go Outside's summer programming from June 1 through Aug. 31.
Each Wednesday, from 11:30 a.m. to 1 :30 p.m. there will be food trucks, lawn games and other activities.
Go Outside beings Wednesday, June 1. The market kicks off on May 5. It will be open each Thursday from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. through Nov. 10.
The market will move back to Nicollet Mall once the construction project complete.
At least 18 people have died in an avalanche on Mount Everest sparked by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal.
The avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area, said Gyanendra Shrestha from the Tourism Ministry in Kathmandu.
A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.The identities of those who died in the avalanche have not yet been released.
Scroll down for video
Avalanche: Terrifying avalanche pictured from basecamp on Mount Everest caused by the earthquake today
The avalanche was caused by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake which struck Nepal and has claimed the lives of almost 1,000 people
Carsten Lillelund Pedersen hid behind these rocks when the avalanche caught up with him at basecamp
A dining tent at basecamp has been turned into hospital. People are being treated for head injuries and fractures
Among those listed on Google Person Finder is Sebastian Lovera, a 22-year-old qualified skiing and diving instructor, from Tonbridge, Kent. His last known location was Khumjung on Tuesday, from where he was heading towards Everest Base Camp.
His step-father, Greg Smye-Rumsby, said: 'Sebastian is an extremely lively and self-motivating person and that is why he went to Napal.
'We haven't heard from him. He would not have switched his phone off. We have tried ringing it. Sometimes it rings and sometimes we get an answer but it's an automated answer. It says the phone is switched off. He's certainly not a person to take risks. He's the absolute opposite.'
Another Briton feared missing is Laura Wood, 23, from Huddersfield, West Yorkshire. She is described by a friend as a 'glowing lovely beautiful young girl often dressed in hippy type clothing'.
Miss Wood, who has a strong northern accent, has been trekking in the Himalayas without any means of making contact.
Officials today confirmed that at least 1,341 people have died as rescue teams continue to search for survivors who are feared to be trapped under rubble. The death toll is expected to rise.
Carsten Lillelund Pedersen pictured after the avalanche
Tweeting from the mountain, Daniel Mazur from Bristol wrote: 'A massive earthquake just hit Everest. Basecamp has been severely damaged. Our team is caught in camp 1. Please pray for everyone.'
Briton Chris Harling, from Cumbria, who is leader of the Adventure Peaks Everest North Ridge 2015 Expedition was also on the mountain when the avalanche struck.
Posting on Facebook, he wrote: 'Here in base camp we initially felt minor tremmors, then the ground began to feel like jelly as waves passed through the rocks beneath our feet.
'Climbers appeared from tents all over camp to try to start to comprehend what they were feeling.
'As the movement became more violent I expected the loose and precarious rocky slopes above the camp area
to start shedding huge boulders - it was extremely alarming wondering if we were to be buried by rockfall.
'Sure enough, an area of steep cliffs did break off sending car sized boulders hurtling down only a few hundred metres from our tents. We are still feeling aftershocks hours later.
He added: 'Our thoughts are with any local staff working on Everest who may have been affected by losses in today's quake.'
Climber Alex Gavan from Romania tweeted: 'Everest basecamp huge earthquake then huge avalanche from Pumori. Running for life from my tent. Unhurt. Many, many people up the mountain.
'Huge disaster. Helped searched and rescued victims through huge debris area. Many dead. Much more badly injured. More to die if not heli asap.'
A senior mountaineering guide, Ang Tshering, of the Nepal Mountaineering Association, said the avalanche occurred between the Khumbu Icefall, a rugged area of collapsed ice and snow, and the basecamp where most climbing expeditions have their main camps.
A mountaineer reports from basecamp on Mount Everest following the avalanche which was caused by a quake
Carsten Lillelund Pedersen, a Dane who is climbing Everest with Belgian climber Jelle Veyt, said on his Facebook page that they were at Khumbu Icefall when the earthquake hit.
He wrote: 'The earthquake near Everest was very strong and we could feel the earth shaking a lot, and then a huge avalanche swept over basecamp and Jelle and I had to run for our life, but I did not reach the tents and I had to hide behind the the stone puja.
'I could not see anything and it was hard to breath.
'Our camp is at the end of basecamp which is like a small city with almost 500 tents, I am sure there are casualties, and we fear for an Indian group we met that were heading up the ice fall.'
He said the injured, including one person with many broken bones, had begun to arrive.
'He was blown away by the avalanche and broke both legs,' Mr Lillelund Pedersen said. 'For the camps closer to where the avalanche hit, our Sherpas believe that a lot of people may have been buried in their tents.
'There is now a steady flow of people fleeing basecamp in hope of more security further down the mountain.'
Everest basecamp: At least 18 people have died and many have been injured in the avalanche
Norwegian climber Teodor Glomnes Johansen, who was at basecamp, told a newspaper in Norway they are working to save lives.
'We carry out severely injured people. This is pretty tough and heavy. We do not know whether there will be more avalanches,' Mr Glomnes Johansen told Norway's VG newspaper.
'All those who are unharmed organise help with the rescue efforts. Men, women and Sherpas are working side-by-side. The job right now is to assist the doctors in the camp here.'
Chinese media has reported that a Chinese climber and two Sherpa guides were among the dead.
Climber Robin Trygg told Swedish news agency TT his Sherpa guides had been in radio contact with other guides on Everest and they reported an avalanche there hitting as many as 80 people.
'We were sitting in the tent and drinking tea when the earth, all of a sudden, began shaking. We didn't understand what happened,' he told the news agency.
The United States Geological Survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres (50 miles) northwest of Kathmandu at 06.11 GMT, with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes
A senior mountaineering guide, Ang Tshering, said an avalanche swept the face of Everest after the earthquake
The avalanche is believed to have occurred between the Khumbu Icefall, a rugged area of collapsed ice and snow, and basecamp
Ministry officials estimated that at least 1,000 climbers, including about 400 foreigners, had been at basecamp or on Everest when the earthquake struck.
April is one of the most popular times to scale Everest, before rain and clouds cloak the peak at the end of May.
Mohan Krishna Sapkota, joint secretary in the Nepalese tourism ministry, said the government was struggling to assess the damage on Everest because of poor phone coverage.
'The trekkers are scattered all around the basecamp and some had even trekked further up,' Sapkota said. 'It is almost impossible to get in touch with anyone.'
Choti Sherpa, who works at the Everest Summiteers Association, said she had been unable to call her family and colleagues on the mountain.
'Everyone is trying to contact each other, but we can't,' she said. 'We are all very worried.'
Google has launched a 'person finder' website to help people reconnect with friends and loved ones in the aftermath of the earthquake.
If you are searching for someone or have information about a person's whereabouts, you can visit www.google.org/personfinder/2015-nepal-earthquake.
Mount Everest basecamp in Nepal pictured on April 11 before the avalanche hit, killing at least 18 people
Locals rescue a dust-covered man from the the rubble of a destroyed building, as they work to find and rescue any survivors of the disaster
Nepalese rescue teams remove a body from the rubble of the historic 19th century Darahara Tower in Kathmandu which collapsed in the quake
Homes, businesses and landmarks were destroyed when the severe earthquake struck Kathmandu and the densely-populated surrounding areas at noon local time, officials said.
Rescue teams continue to search for survivors who are feared to be trapped under the rubble. Home Ministry official Laxmi Dhakal warned the death toll is almost certain to rise.
Effects of the quake were felt hundreds of miles away in neighbouring countries with 36 killed in India, 12 in Tibet and 4 in Bangladesh. Two Chinese citizens died at the Nepal-China border.
In a statement from the Foreign and Commonweath Office, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said: 'My thoughts are with the people of Nepal and everyone affected by the terrible loss of life and widespread damage caused by the earthquake.
Let the vacation planning begin!
Earlier today, leaders from the Walt Disney World Resort and Walt Disney Imagineering announced the projected opening dates for Walt Disney World's new Disney's Art of Animation Resort, which will debut in phases beginning May 31, 2012.
Located near Disney's Pop Century Resort, the new resort will offer 1,120 family suites (including a bedroom and living room) themed after “The Lion King,” “Cars” and “Finding Nemo” animated films, as well as 864 guest rooms inspired by “The Little Mermaid.” The current opening timetable has the “Finding Nemo” wing opening May 31, the “Cars” wing in late July, and “The Lion King” wing in late September. The final wing, themed after “The Little Mermaid,” will debut in late 2012.
Although the resort is still several months away from opening, it's already set to break records by planning the largest swimming pool at the Walt Disney World Resort (aside from our water parks). This pool will be located in the “Finding Nemo” wing, and will measure 11,859 square feet. The resort also will feature two other pools and a children's water play area.
Disney's Art of Animation Resort will be a “value” category of lodging, with nightly rates similar to Disney's All-Star Resort and Disney's Pop Century Resort.
To read more about Disney's Art of Animation Resort, check out the posts below:
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama's pick for CIA director, John Brennan, promised senators who will vote on his nomination more openness about U.S. counter-terrorism programs, saying the closely guarded number of civilian casualties from drone strikes should be made public, according to his written responses to questions released on Friday.
Deputy National Security Adviser John Brennan testifies before a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on his nomination to be the Director of the CIA, on Capitol Hill in Washington, February 7, 2013. REUTERS/Jason Reed
Brennan was questioned sharply by Democrats and Republicans alike during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on his nomination last week.
Along with harsh interrogation techniques, Brennan was questioned about drone strikes against terrorism suspects in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Yemen and elsewhere. These strikes have increased under Obama and included the killing in Yemen of a U.S.-born cleric suspected of ties to al Qaeda and his U.S.-born son.
The U.S. government, without releasing numbers, has sought to portray civilian deaths from these strikes as minimal. But other organizations which collect data on these attacks put the number of civilians killed in the hundreds.
“I believe that, to the extent that U.S. national security interests can be protected, the U.S. government should make public the overall numbers of civilian deaths resulting from U.S. strikes targeting al Qaeda,” Brennan wrote in response to a question from Senator Dianne Feinstein, the committee chairwoman.
“In those rare instances in which civilians have been killed” reviews are conducted and, if appropriate, condolence payments are provided to the families, he wrote.
Such casualties from drone strikes have created profound anger among civilian populations overseas and severe tension between the United States and Pakistan and Afghanistan.
During last week's hearing, Feinstein said she had been trying to speak publicly about the “very low number of civilian casualties” and to verify that number each year has “typically been in the single digits.” However, she said she was told she could not divulge the actual numbers because they were classified.
The New America Foundation said the number of civilians killed by U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan was 261-305 from 2004 to 2013. (here).
A former intelligence official said the reason for the discrepancy between the U.S. government's apparently lower figures on civilian deaths and those collected by other organizations may be due to what is counted as a civilian death.
The government assumes “military-aged” males in the proximity of a drone strike are combatants unless it finds out otherwise, the former official said.
Asked whether the government could carry out drone strikes inside the United States, Brennan replied: “This administration has not carried out drone strikes inside the United States and has no intention of doing so.”
U.S. legal authorities have not limited the geographic scope to a war zone for using force against al Qaeda and its affiliates, he noted, adding: “This does not mean, however, that we use military force whenever or wherever we want.”
YEMEN LEAK PROBE
On another topic, Brennan said he had been advised by the Justice Department that he is a witness in, and not a target of, a criminal investigation into media leaks last year about the disruption of an underwear bomb plot by al Qaeda's affiliate in Yemen. He said he had spoken to investigators, but been advised they have no plans to speak with him again.
Brennan said the Justice Department had provided his lawyer with a transcript of a conference call about the plot which he held last May 7 with former counter-terrorism officials who serve as TV news analysts.
At his confirmation hearing, Brennan confirmed the accuracy of a report by Reuters that during the conference call, he told the pundits that the alleged plot was never a real threat because the U.S. had “inside control” over it. But he vigorously disputed that he had leaked classified information.
Within hours, one of the analysts on the call appeared on TV saying that the U.S. government was implying that it had “somebody on the inside” of the alleged plot “who wasn't going to let it happen.” News reports then proliferated saying the U.S. or its allies had succeeded in planting an informant inside al Qaeda's Yemen branch.
Brennan said in his written responses that he had given a transcript of his conference call with the pundits to the committee. Congressional officials said the Obama administration had requested that it be kept confidential, even though Brennan testified that nothing he told the pundits was classified.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for a copy of the transcript.
The committee's vote on Brennan's nomination has been delayed until after a congressional recess next week.
MIDLAND, Tex. — With oil prices plummeting by more than 50 percent since June, the gleeful mood of recent years has turned glum here in West Texas as the frenzy of shale oil drilling has come to a screeching halt.
Every day, oil companies are decommissioning rigs and announcing layoffs. Small companies that lease equipment have fallen behind in their payments.
In response, businesses and workers are bracing for the worst. A Mexican restaurant has started a Sunday brunch to expand its revenues beyond dinner. A Mercedes dealer, anticipating reduced demand, is prepared to emphasize repairs and sales of used cars. And some well-off oil company managers are cutting back at home, rethinking their vacation plans and cutting the hours of their housemaids and gardeners.
Dexter Allred, the general manager of a local oil field service company, began farming alfalfa hay on the side some years ago in the event that oil prices declined and work dried up. He was taking a cue from his grandfather, Homer Alf Swinson, an oil field mechanic, who opened a coin-operated carwash in 1968 — just in case.
Mohammad Aslam Tarin, a senior government official, said the motorcycle-riding gunmen stopped the vehicles and forced them to come out with their hands up before killing 18 and wounding two.
The incident took place in the far-flung Kechh district, some 780 miles southwest of Quetta, the main town of Pakistan's insurgency hit Baluchistan province, close to the Iranian border.
"We have started investigating but the motive of the attack is still unclear," Mr Tarin said, adding that rescue teams have been sent to the area to recover the dead bodies.
Gunmen managed to flee the scene, he added.
"These 20 people were trying to cross the border and wanted to enter Iran," he said.
A tribal police official in the area confirmed the incident and death toll. Though no group has yet claimed responsibility, such attacks are usually blamed on Baluch nationalist groups fighting for a greater provincial autonomy.
Hundreds of civilians have been killed since Baluch rebels rose up in 2004 against the federal Pakistani government, demanding political autonomy and a greater share of profits from the resources in the region.
The province is also a hotbed of Islamist militancy and sectarian violence between majority Sunni and minority Shiite Muslim communities.
A US drone meanwhile near the Afghan border killed 12 suspected militants.
Canmore's mayor says the town desperately needs a project that could see 150 new rental homes built for local workers.
The town hosted a public hearing Tuesday night as it considers tweaking some bylaws to allow the project to move forward.
Some residents have argued that the proposed location — on what's known as the Moustache Lands right next to the Trans-Canada Highway — is a poor choice.
Mayor John Borrowman says there aren't many other options.
Canmore Mayor John Borrowman says the town is in dire need of additional rental accommodation. (Dan McGarvey/CBC)
"When it comes to town-owned lands there's very limited choice," he said. "We have perhaps one other spot that we could envision a project of this scale on, but that piece of land is also deemed for affordable housing."
Some people at the meeting say the project's being pushed through too fast and without much input from them.
"We need to show we're going to do it responsibly and safely," says Canmore resident Jan Tafel.
"They just mark a little tick and they go, 'Oh, we had a public hearing.' They don't listen to us," Tafel said.
The hearing heard concerns about people crossing the highway, the visual effect of the project and its possible impact on wildlife.
But Borrowman says the homes are badly needed.
"There hasn't been any purpose-built rental built in Canmore literally for more than 40 years ... there's been zero," he said.
The proposed location for a new rental housing complex in Canmore is adjacent to the Trans-Canada Highay on what's known as the Moustache Lands. (Town of Canmore )
Three architectural companies have been shortlisted to submit their plans for the project by the end of this week.
The project could be completed by the end of 2018.
My husband goes goo-goo over garlic bread, but the nutritional profile of the stuff is enough to make me cringe. Refined carbs, trans-fat filled margarine and “dough conditioners” (whatever those are) make up the junk you get from the takeout pizza place up the road. If you're lucky, it'll have real cheese.
Keto Ingredients
My version is completely grain free, gluten free and low in carbs. The smell that wafts throughout the house while it's baking is simply mouth-watering. Butter, cheese and garlic? Sign me up, right?
For taste authenticity, I added a bit of yeast to this recipe. No, yeast won't work on grain free flours (boo!), but it definitely lends that familiar flavor of “real” bread. I baked my dough in a 9×9 square cake pan (greased very well) and then turned it out onto a cookie sheet. Next time, though, I'd probably just free form it. The dough isn't incredibly thick, but it's thick enough that you'll get a rustic bready base. If you want the square, just do what I did and bake it in the pan. If you do bake it in the pan, it'll probably be thicker than it would be free-form. Honestly, that sounds good to me. I can't wait to make it that way next time!
Is this super chewy like wheat-based garlic bread? No. It's definitely more biscuit-y, but I promise– it's also deeeeelicious!
BLUEFIELD, Md. — Two volunteer firefighters were arrested after taking an emergency vehicle and driving it into a tunnel during a fire.
The Bluefield Daily Telegraph reported that Colin Dunn and Virginia Price were arrested on obstructing charges. Police said the couple traveled into the tunnel when a tractor-trailer fire was being battled. The two stopped, threw on some gear and took a county emergency vehicle.
"They ran into the tunnel, in their infinite wisdom," Sgt. D.W. Miller said. "They said they were attempting to help their friends — they are volunteer firemen in Maryland. We explained to them they were not in Maryland, and did not have friends in the tunnel. They had no authority to do that here, basically."
Sgt. Miller said the initial report was that the couple stole a fire truck, but later reports indicated it was a county emergency vehicle, according to the report. The two were not charged with theft of the vehicle. He said they had good intentions, but could have put themselves and others in harm's way with their actions.
The fire in the tunnel closed two lanes Friday afternoon and evening.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 15, 2017, 8:42 PM GMT / Updated Nov. 15, 2017, 8:42 PM GMT By Chelsea Bailey
A group of Georgia high school students have reached a $3 million settlement against the Worth County Sheriff's Office after a judge ruled that law enforcement violated their civil rights by conducting a massive drug search without probable cause.
A judge ordered former Worth County Sheriff Jeff Hobby and his deputies to pay the staggering settlement to the students.
In April, Hobbs and his deputies spent hours at Worth County High School searching more than 800 students for drugs — and their search turned up empty.
Worth County Comprehensive High School WALB
Attorneys from the Southern Center for Human Rights and the Atlanta-based civil rights firm Horsley Begnaud filed a class-action lawsuit against the sheriff's department on behalf of the students.
According to the suit, deputies "touched and manipulated students' breasts and genitals" and "inserted fingers inside girls' bras." The suit also alleged that the searches revealed the students' body parts.
Mark Begnaud, who represented the students in the lawsuit, said Hobbs executed the search based on scant evidence and in clear violation of the students' constitutional rights.
Related: Sheriff suspended after deputies allegedly 'groped' students in massive drug search
“We hope this settlement sends a message to law enforcement beyond just south Georgia — or beyond Georgia — that this abuse of power is just not tolerated,” Begnaud said. "Students don't shed their constitutional rights when they enter a school."
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signed an executive order Monday suspending Hobby and appointing a retired deputy sheriff, Bobby Sapp, to serve as interim head of the department.
According to NBC-affiliate WALB, the settlement will now go to U.S. District Judge Leslie Abrams for approval.
Worth County Sheriff Jeff Hobby. WALB
Begnaud said each of the students could receive a $1 to $6,000, depending on the severity and invasiveness of their search. Additional funds will be allocated to cover legal expenses and the remaining money will be set aside in a fund to benefit the high school, Begnaud said.
Related: Georgia Students say Deputies 'Groped' Them During Drug Search of Entire School
Attorney Raleigh Rollins, who represented Hobbs and the Worth County deputies, said taxpayers will not be responsible for paying the settlement. Instead, he said the funds will come from the Association County Commissioners of Georgia, which essentially provides insurance coverage to the sheriff's department.
The Southern Center for Human Rights (SCHR) praised the judge's decision to award the maximum amount in damages to students.
"The students' voice have been heard," Chrystal Redd, a lawyer with the center, said in a statement. "Their rights were violated on April 14, and they took the steps to ensure that these illegal searches would not go unnoticed."
Anthony Knockaert has scored 15 goals this season
Brighton moved a step closer to Premier League promotion thanks to a double from Championship Player of the Year Anthony Knockaert against Wolves.
He gave the visitors a first-half lead with a fine low shot, though replays showed he was fortunate not to be flagged offside.
Wolves were competitive throughout but lacked a cutting edge.
Knockaert made the points safe with his 15th of the season on the break after Ivan Cavaleiro gave away possession.
The Seagulls will be promoted on Monday if they beat Wigan and Huddersfield fail to beat Derby - and will go up regardless of other results if they take four points from their remaining four matches.
As has so often been the case this season, Knockaert was the difference in what was an otherwise fairly balanced game.
That said, there was an element of luck to both his goals as he was offside in the build-up to his first goal and his second came after Cavaleiro cheaply conceded the ball. However, on both occasions the Frenchman's finishing was exemplary.
Paul Lambert's men have now lost successive matches but, with 51 points, almost certainly have enough to avoid being dragged back into trouble.
Wolves manager Paul Lambert told BBC WM:
"I thought we started really well, we looked lively, we looked threatening and it was a really poor first goal to concede.
"It's probably been the story of our season that you've got to score goals when you get chances at this level - they've taken theirs and we haven't.
"They've got good experience all round, and that's something we have to get to, you have to get to that level not just for one game or two games, you've got to do that for 46 games."
Brighton manager Chris Hughton told BBC Sussex:
"I thought it was a really good, professional performance away from home that we had to really work hard for.
"Wolves are a good side, a lot of energy, and I think to have a clean sheet against them is a really good defensive display from the team.
"We've made a habit of staying in games when we're under a little bit of pressure, and we always know that we've got some quality in the side that can produce something."
It was passed by 189 votes to 47 and has managed to keep the majority of its original clauses intact.
The controversial Bill seeks to curb online piracy, among several other major policies, all with the aim of stimulating the UK's digital economy. It has caused ripples across the technology world, most notably because of its proposals regarding the suspension of repeat filesharers' internet connections and also the measures (formerly contained within clause 18) that would allow politicians to block pirate websites without primary legislation.
The Government had removed this proposed clause during the Bill's Parliamentary readings, but then replaced it with a different amendment which will indeed allow the Secretary of State for Business to block any site which “the court is satisfied has been, is being or is likely to be used for or in connection with an activity that infringes copyright".
Clause 43 was withdrawn which proposed extending the licensing of orphaned copyrighted works and the Government has abandoned plans to introduce a 50-pence-a-month tax on telephone land lines to help part-fund the build out of a next-generation high-speed broadband network. This clause was dropped from the separate Finance Bill.
The Digital Economy Bill has been processed speedily as it is being pushed through in the politics wash-up process - which takes place between an election being called and Parliament being dissolved.
MPs were criticised earlier in the week for being very few in number while the Bill was being debated during its second reading. The opposition to the Bill has been strong, with over 20,000 voters writing to their MPs in the last seven days to lobby against the Bill being rushed through in its current format.
The Bill received last minute support from the Conservative Party and despite opposition from the Liberal Democrats and certain Labour MPs, the Government managed with relative ease to get Bill vote through its third reading.
As the Bill originated with the House of Lords, it will now go back to the Lords for final approval – which it is expected to get through as this procedure is a largely viewed as a formality. After this stage the Bill will have completed all of its parliamentary processes and is expected to receive Royal Assent before passing into law.
Pin 17 217 Shares
The robots are real! They're here, and they're coming for your… resume. More and more companies are turning to digital screening processes and online tools to get through the many, many applications they get for open positions.
It makes a ton of sense that our approach to resumes and job applications should change, now that the formats and gatekeepers are shifting. You can follow these top resume tips for 2016 to help you get ready to compete with other fifty applicants.
Imgur user Stephane Grace has hit on a method for revamping your resume to fit this new digital job hunt, and although his techniques may not work for everyone in every industry, his writeup has a number of great common-sense tips.
Here are 7 Steps to “Hack” the Automated Resume Screeners and Get You Those Job Interviews
Your goal is to get past the robot gatekeepers, and get your (digital) self in front of the human reviewers who take it from there. This thinking takes basic search engine optimization (SEO) principles and applies it in a more personal way.
Step 1: Research and collect data.
Start by collecting online job descriptions for the kind of job you're seeking, and copy them into a master document. While you're collecting, keep an eye out for common themes and keywords.
Step 2: Play job description bingo.
Do a more comprehensive review for repeating words and phrases as part of the job descriptions. You can do this review with your own eagle eyes, or you can use free online tools that flag words and phrases by frequency. (Grace recommends SEOBook.)
Priority resume keywords: words used in the company's listed job title, used in the description headlines, used more than twice, called out as success criteria
Secondary resume keywords: mention of competitor companies or brand name experience, keyword phrases (phrases surrounding priority keywords), notable industry qualifications (training, associations)
Step 3: Find out how your experience fits in.
Look at your existing resume and your professional experience. Can you make those match with the keywords and themes you uncovered in Step 2? Make sure to wring every bit of potential out of your hard and soft skills.
For example, if a job you want calls for a particular kind of coding experience, but you've only taken classes in it (as opposed to hands-on work experience), make sure it's still noted in the initial resume with terms like “experience with” or “exposure to.”
Step 4: Boost your skills.
If your research up to this point has uncovered some gaps that could prevent you from getting the job you want, start filling in those gaps. Sign up for a class. Do extensive research online. Find a way to get that skill from the “should have” column to the “got it!” column.
Step 5: Write it all out.
Grace's main argument is that most resumes submitted online are seen by automated eyes only in the first round. Thus, he argues, you can throw out all the conventional wisdom about how short your resume should be, for easy reading, since you're really just trying to appeal to a word-seeking system.
As an editor and someone with an attention span handcrafted by television and the internet, I still think you should be as concise as possible—but the old-school resume limitations are certainly up for debate in this digital age.
Step 6: Post it online.
Send off your rejiggered resume to the digital winds, posting it on job boards or online application systems.
Step 7: Follow up with a more conventional resume.
Once you start getting bites, respond with more traditional job application elements. For example, if someone from HR reaches out to you to follow up, attach the shorter-and-sweeter version of your resume (the 1-2 page one you typically use), and include your cover letter pitch if necessary.
If you try these methods for your next round of job searching, it's best to confirm some information up front: like that you're not sending your extra-double-comprehensive resume straight to a human's email inbox, but rather a generic system. The last thing you want is a “tl;dr” blow-off if your SEO masterpiece is overwhelming and doesn't pass through an automated system at all. But if you do want to try to bump up your initial approach and try to get those robots to do your (professional) bidding, you could be that much closer to landing the job you want.
Pin 17 217 Shares
Want More Content Like This? Get TheJobNetwork's Latest Career Advice &
Job Seeking Tips straight to your inbox Your email address is already registered. Log in here.
[image source: resunate]
A remote galaxy shining brightly with infrared light equal to more than 300 trillion suns has been discovered using data from NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, or WISE. The galaxy, which belongs to a new class of objects recently discovered by WISE -- nicknamed extremely luminous infrared galaxies, or ELIRGs -- is the most luminous galaxy found to date.
"We are looking at a very intense phase of galaxy evolution," said Chao-Wei Tsai of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, lead author of a new report appearing in the 22 May issue of The Astrophysical Journal. "This dazzling light may be from the main growth spurt in the size of the galaxy's black hole"
Professor Andrew Blain, from the University of Leicester's Department of Physics and Astronomy, has been involved with WISE since its inception in 2001, and has been responsible for examining and validating the data from the WISE telescope. He is a co-author of the new report into this discovery.
The galaxy, known as WISE J224607.57-052635.0, may have a behemoth black hole at its belly, gorging itself on gas.
Supermassive black holes grow by drawing gas and matter into a disk around them. The disk heats up to beyond-sizzling temperatures of millions of degrees, blasting out high-energy, visible, ultraviolet, and X-ray light. The light is blocked by surrounding cocoons of dust. As the dust heats up, it radiates infrared light.
Immense black holes are common at the cores of galaxies, but finding one this big so far back in the cosmos is rare. Because light from the galaxy hosting the black hole has traveled 12.5 billion years to reach us, astronomers are seeing the object as it was in the past. The black hole was already billions of times the mass of our sun when our universe was only a tenth of its present age of 13.8 billion years.
"The massive black holes in ELIRGs could be gorging themselves on more matter for a longer period of time," said Professor Blain. "It's like winning a hot-dog-eating contest lasting hundreds of millions of years."
More research is needed to solve this puzzle of these dazzlingly luminous galaxies. The team has plans to better determine the masses of the central black holes. Knowing these objects' true hefts will help reveal their history, as well as that of other galaxies in this very crucial and frenzied chapter of our cosmos.
WISE has been finding hundreds of other, similar oddball galaxies from infrared images of the entire sky it took in 2010. By viewing the whole sky with more sensitivity than ever before, WISE has been able to catch rare cosmic specimens that might have been missed otherwise.
The new study reports a total of 20 new ELIRGs, including the most luminous galaxy found to date. These galaxies, which are even more luminous than the ultraluminous infrared galaxies (ULIRGs) reported before, were not found earlier because of their distance, and because dust converts their powerful visible light into an incredible outpouring of infrared light.
"We found in a related study with WISE that as many as half of the most luminous galaxies only show up well in infrared light," said Tsai.
NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California, manages, and operates, WISE for NASA's Science Mission Directorate. The spacecraft was put into hibernation mode in 2011 after it scanned the entire sky twice, completing its main objectives. In September 2013, WISE was reactivated, renamed NEOWISE and assigned a new mission to assist NASA's efforts to identify potentially hazardous near-Earth objects.
hello ^^.
here is the drawing to comment yesterday that paint (not decided if I make the scene of day or night. opted for the latter because already drawn many drawings and day XD)
are fluttershy, soarin and rainbow turned to find three years after the Wonderbolts tournament. if you want to know that it is here see Chapter 5:
Friendship Is Magic 05 by Mauroz
Friendship Is Magic 05 P2 by Mauroz
Friendship Is Magic 05 P3 by Mauroz
Friendship Is Magic 05 P4 by Mauroz
(These are in English but you can find the Spanish version in my gallery)
this would be a chapter later in the comic where Wonderbolts return to the city to refine details of the next tournament to be held the following year. at that moment rainbow is found very confused because they do not really know how she feels about soarin. When she was 10 soarin only saw as a major and teacher brother, but now do not know if that feeling I had at that time (and still remains) it will have been something else.
now you have to find out if what you feel is love for a brother or perhaps is another kind of love. (That you will have to choose XD)
clearly would fill a chapter XD but in my opinion fill chapters are very important because you can develop the personality of each character (that if there is not abuse cram as much filling XD)
I hope you like ^^
PS: on the quiet comic I'm doing easy as it is in part four on when things will get decisive in the comic.
hola ^^.aquí el dibujo que comente ayer que pintaría (no me decidía si hacer la escena de día o de noche. opte por lo ultimo por que ya e dibujado muchos dibujos de día XD)son fluttershy, soarin y rainbow volviéndose a encontrar tres años despues del torneo wonderbolts. si quieres saber de que se trata ver el capitulo 5 aquí:(esas están en ingles pero puedes encontrar la versión en español en mi galería)esto seria un capitulo mas adelante en el comic donde los wonderbolts regresan a la ciudad para afinar detalles del próximo torneo que se organizara el año siguiente. en ese momento rainbow se encontrara muy confundida ya que no sabe realmente lo que siente por soarin. cuando tenia 10 años solo veía a soarin como un hermano mayor y maestro, pero ahora no sabe si ese sentimiento que tenia en ese momento (y que aun conserva) habrá sido otra cosa.ahora tendrá que averiguar si lo que siente por el es amor hacia un hermano o quizas es otro tipo de amor. (eso tendrán que elegir ustedes XD)claramente seria un capitulo de relleno XD pero en mi opinión los capítulos de relleno son muy importantes ya que puedes desarrollar mas la personalidad de cada personaje (eso si no hay que abusar de meter tanto relleno XD)espero que les guste ^^PD: sobre el comic tranquilos lo estoy haciendo con calma ya que es en la parte cuatro en adelante cuando las cosas se pondrán decisivas en el comic.thanks ^^ translation English
Happy New Year to all survivors everywhere, no matter what your current moodle is. With the dawn of 2012 comes a moment for a bit of a PZ ‘State of the Nation' address, so everyone knows what's going down in Knox County in the months ahead. The main news, of course, is about the update: it's progressing really well, and we're firmly on the final stretch now. We're not willing to give a release date, as always, but we think that your patience will be rewarded.
In the run-up to Christmas our blogs largely focussed on the NPC activities being pumped into the game, but seeing as the game has received a radical engine overhaul since the last build there are also a bunch of exciting technical features being introduced.
We're only formally announcing the stuff we can 100% be sure will be complete by the time that the new NPC behaviours are solid enough to release, but one thing that's a dead cert is a new graphics and lighting engine. This not only improves the graphics of the game dramatically (though the traditional X-Com style tiled lighting will still be available for lower spec machines or retro enthusiasts) but has some fun gameplay ramifications. Here is a quick video to demo it:
The new lighting has a big effect on the game visually, but it also affects gameplay.
Primarily it's allowed us to reduce the ambient light at night – we've added light sources like streetlamps, but find yourself in an unlit alleyway or in the woods and you'll be in trouble. Unless armed with a flashlight, survivors will need to stick to lit areas to have any hope of seeing where they are going. As such flashlights and batteries will now be prized commodities, especially when we flick off the switch at the local power plant! Weather and moon cycles will further affect light levels: a full moon and clear sky resulting in lighter nights and longer viewing distances.
Spending lots of time awake in darkness will tend to depress characters, yet turning on the lights will be dangerous – as zombies will be attracted to the light and even see movement through curtains or sheets. It'll only be truly safe to light up rooms when they've been barricaded. Candles and other non-electrical light sources are also planned.
Another primary feature is likely to be complete by the time the build is released as well, but we'd rather it is a surprise. It stems from the fact that we've managed to reduce the memory usage of the 0.1.5 build dramatically – it now uses a quarter of its original memory footprint. As such we have a load more memory to spend – and the modders among you might have an inkling as to where we'll direct it… in fact people with the eagle-eyed trait may be able to spot a hint of it in the video…
And after the update? It should also be underlined that one of the most frequently called for features in PZ – that of saving and map traversal – will be of primary development importance once the current build is kicked out of Indie Stone towers and into your tender, loving embrace. We've been laying the foundations for it in this update, but seeing as we've already coded it once we know that it's one of the most long-winded, repetitive and frustrating development tasks on the menu.
Seeing as it'll take a while to code, then, we'll be keeping the momentum going with interim updates while saving is still in development. As you may already know female characters, clothes and animations are getting close, for example, and from this extra content from the Kate and Baldspot adventure (with a healed, walking Kate) can follow. The Will Porter, meanwhile, has started writing new NPC archetype dialogue for more specific character types to dripfeed into updates – so the scripts can stay a little more fresh after repeated plays.
All of this is essentially meant to say that 2012 is setting itself up to be a good year for having your brain eaten. We realise that getting this update out has been a slow old business, even when taking the ‘incident' into account, but want to underline that with this update we'll be laying down the groundwork to help future updates flow thicker and faster. There's a lot bubbling under the surface of PZ development and we can't wait to let you die horribly within it.
A well-known technology executive from Kentfield has been arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon after he got off his bicycle and severely beat a motorist during a traffic dispute in Mill Valley, according to police.
Jeffrey Smock, 40, allegedly attacked the driver of a small pickup truck around 5 p.m. April 16 at the intersection of East Blithedale and Camino Alto avenues, according to a press release. Motorcycle officer Rob Dehner responded to the intersection after hearing shouting and car horns honking. He arrived to find people standing around a 55-year-old man lying in the street with blood on his face and on the ground around him.
Smock is well-known in the technology world as the founder and former chief executive officer of the Virginia-based Iron Data software company and previously ran LightNetworks, a telecommunications firm. In 2009 he was named the Ernst & Young “Entrepreneur of the Year.” An article about him by the Atlanta Business Chronicle said he's an Atlanta native who enjoys bicycle racing and piloting planes.
Smock couldn't be reached for comment Friday.
Mill Valley police Lt. Ken Dunkel said there were a number of witnesses who said they feared for the beaten man's life.
“Some were concerned this person might be beaten to the point of death,” Dunkel said. “Many of them were very shaken up.”
He said the beaten man received emergency medical treatment and was transported to the hospital for treatment of serious injuries. He has since been released. Police did not identify him.
Dunkel said Smock was booked into the Marin County Jail, but has since bailed out. Mill Valley police plan to ask the district attorney's office to file a felony charge against him.
“We have not sent the case up there yet as we're trying to make the report more complete,” Dunkel said.
Mill Valley police did not immediately publicize the incident, causing critics to question whether they were trying to protect the high-profile suspect. Dunkel said they did not know anything about Smock until media requests began pouring in.
“To us this was just a serious, unfortunate assault,” he said.
Contact Megan Hansen via email at mhansen@marinij.com or via Twitter at http://twitter.com/hansenmegan. Follow her blog at http://blogs.marinij.com/bureaucratsandbaking. —— (c)2014 The Marin Independent Journal (Novato, Calif.) Visit The Marin Independent Journal (Novato, Calif.) at www.marinij.com
On May 2nd, the Brooklyn-based ConsenSys team announced the live release of BTC Relay the first production sidechain conjoining Ethereum together with Bitcoin. The sidechain uses Ethereum-based contracts to securely verify Bitcoin transaction enabling users to pay with BTC to use the ETH platform. The project is open source and is the first program to interoperate both cryptocurrencies together with decentralized smart contracts.
The BTC Relay Sidechain Conjoins The Best of Both Worlds
With the program, BTC Relay developers can now install a “Pay with Bitcoin” button to their constructed applications. The platform is fully decentralized and does not rely on a central authority or use any intermediaries. Additionally, BTC Relay has been added to the decentralized exchange EtherEx, and either coin can be swapped without the risk of a central point of failure. Furthermore, Relay could be used to distribute an “Ethereum-based ‘BTC' token (ETHBTC) based on locking actual BTC tokens in a multisig on the Bitcoin protocol.” Joseph Chow, developer of BTC Relay stated in the announcement:
“BTC Relay is a building block, and I look forward to the infrastructure, applications, and innovations that BTC Relay helps enable on and off the Ethereum platform. The possibilities are exciting,”
BTC Relay implements what's called SPV (simplified payment verification) to authenticate confirmed Bitcoin transactions. Relayers act like nodes and provide the service with a new Bitcoin block header generated by the network's miners. The developers of the project say anyone can become a relayer and doing so doesn't require extensive hardware or energy consumption. The platform was initially funded and designed by the Ethereum Foundation before Joseph Chow, and ConsenSys took the project over. BTC Relay was also funded and supported by a grant from Wanxiang Blockchain Labs. The inventor and co-founder of Ethereum is pleased with the launch of this latest sidechain and stated:
“I am excited to see BTC Relay provide the first-ever production release of cross-blockchain communication of this kind, and hope that it will set an example for interoperating cross-blockchain applications, whether Bitcoin and Ethereum, other blockchains and Ethereum and public and private or consortium chains, for many years to come.”
The launch of this platform is essential to the development of a broad range of DApps the team says, and they especially want to highlight the efforts put into the ongoing security audits. Joseph Lubin, founder and CEO of ConsenSys said the platform is a “powerful tool that enables Ethereum smart contracts to serve as SPV wallets for various other Ethereum-based networks or other blockchain-based systems (Bitcoin, Doge, etc.) in private permissioned, or open permissionless implementations.” He's excited to see the capabilities of the project and how it will glue decentralized services together. The ConsenSys founder explains BTC Relay is a protocol that is very much aligned with the Brooklyn-based company's vision. Lubin says:
“We envision a world of many purpose-built private enterprise and consortium blockchain systems, in addition to public blockchain networks, and BTC Relay and its extensions can enable them all to easily interoperate.”
Source: Press Release
Header Image: Pixabay
0 Seattle police re-examine Cobain suicide, develop scene photos
Nearly 20 years after Nirvana lead singer Kurt Cobain was found dead in his home near Lake Washington, Seattle police have re-examined the case – including dozens of photos not seen before.
KIRO 7 first reported that police developed four rolls of film that had been sitting in a Seattle police evidence vault for years. The 35 mm film was processed last month at the King County Sheriff's Office photo lab. Seattle police requested the help because they no longer develop 35 mm film.
Though the pictures have a slight green tint because of deterioration, police say they show the scene more clearly than the earlier Polaroid photos taken by investigators.
“I was requested to look at the case because I'm a cold case detective because it is 20 years later and it's a high media case,” said Detective Mike Ciesynski, who had the four rolls of film developed and conducted interviews. “And there were always these conspiracy theorists out there, and so I was asked to look at the case and review it.”
Police said in 1994 that the case was clearly a suicide. Ciesynski said that is still the case after reviewing evidence.
After KIRO 7 first reported the re-investigation Thursday morning, the Seattle police public affairs unit took issue with semantics, saying the case was not technically “reopened” -- despite the new interviews and processing of film that had not previously been developed.
The final investigation report has not yet been completed, Ciesynski said.
He also said images of Cobain dead at the scene will not be released.
“What are people going to gain from seeing pictures of Kurt Cobain laying on the ground with his hair blown back, with blood coming out of his nose and trauma to his eyes from a penetrating shotgun wound. How's that going to benefit anybody?
“It wasn't going to change my decision that this was a suicide, and actually I'm the one that makes the decision finally: do we go forward or not? Morally I would not be able to justify that. Legally I can't justify doing that.”
The morning of April 8, 1994, Veca Electric employee Gary Smith went to Cobain's home at 171 Lake Washington Blvd. East to do electrical work.
“I noticed something on the floor and I thought it was a mannequin,” Smith told KIRO 7 at the time. “So I looked a little closer and geez, that's a person. I looked a little closer and I could see blood, and an ear and a weapon laying on his chest.”
The medical examiner determined Cobain had killed himself three days earlier – only days after he had left a rehab facility.
Police said before he shot himself, Cobain had a lethal dose of heroin. The syringes and the heroin kit Cobain used were kept in the Seattle police evidence unit and were part of the re-investigation, along with the previously undeveloped film.
Smith, the electrician, found a suspected suicide note on some planting soil in the greenhouse.
“I only read the bottom lines,” Smith told KIRO 7 in 1994. "(The) bottom two lines said, ‘I love you, I love you' to someone.”
On March 18, 1994 – less than a month before Cobain was found dead – Seattle police were called to the Lake Washington home after Kurt “locked himself in a room,” and said he was going to kill himself, according to a police report. Police were also told he “had a gun in the room.”
But Cobain told police he was not suicidal and didn't want to kill himself. However, police said after the 1994 investigation that his death was clearly a suicide.
Someone at Smith's electrician company tipped then-KXRX radio deejay Marty Riemer, who was the first to announce the musician's death, which the medical examiner determined was a suicide.
More than 7,000 mourners packed Seattle Center two days later for a public memorial, where a recording was played of Courtney Love reading Cobain's suicide note. She also attended the memorial and gave some of his clothes to fans.
Last year, a Seattle Police Department spokeswoman said the department gets at least one request per week, mostly through Twitter, to reopen the investigation.
The public affairs unit keeps the basic incident report on file because of the number of requests, and police have said no other Seattle police case has received similar attention in two decades.
Ciesynski said having the film developed last month will hopefully benefit everyone. KIRO 7 asked if the case was closed.
“Hopefully,” Ciesynski said. “I'm sure until the 25th anniversary comes up.”
Want to talk about the news of the day? Watch free streaming video on the KIRO 7 mobile appand iPad app, and join us here on Facebook.
Lab Zero CEO Peter Bartholow, also known as Ravidrath on the SRK forums, recently posted about their plans to crowd-source funding for Skullgirls DLC. It appears as if Squigly herself will be partially crowd-funded. He also detailed how she will be made available to Skullgirls players, which is rather unconventional for fighting game DLC.
When she comes out she'll be free for a limited time for everyone, and after three months or so, her price will go up to $5. This is to add a “ticking clock” element to it and try to minimize possible freeloaders, and encourage people to pay $5 now [to the crowdfunding drive] if they were planning on doing it the “normal” way.
He went on to explain why they are choosing to distribute her for free.
The “free for everyone” bit is actually because this method is a lot cheaper than the alternative. Sony and MS charge for codes, and it would be really expensive to buy them for everyone and distribute them. So this is a good way to work around that, and also hopefully get more people interested in the game, too.
Though exact details and goals on the Skullgirls crowd-funding drive are not yet available Pete did tease us with a few of the planned rewards including opportunities to test characters still in development and…
We're still finalizing the rewards, but I can say that we'll have PC codes w/ beta access for one of the tiers. I think people should be excited about, since it means they'll get to playtest characters in development and provide feedback, something that… really doesn't happen outside of Japan? Or even inside of Japan, unless you're Daigo or something. And… The first stretch goal is a male character.
Testosterone? In my Skullgirls! How can this be!? Looks like we might be getting Panzerfaust or Big Band sooner than we all thought.
Peter also said that the team will have a “floating goal” somewhere between stretch goals, but that it's “a lot less than a full character.”
Source: SRK Forums
(Reuters) - A U.S. court in Texas heard arguments on Tuesday in a case over a law requiring voters to present photo identification, a move the state's Republican leaders say will prevent fraud while plaintiffs call it an attempt at suppressing minority turnout.
A voter enters a polling station to cast his vote in the Texas Primary in Seguin March 4, 2008. REUTERS/Jessica Rinaldi
The case is also part of a new strategy by the Obama administration to challenge voting laws it says discriminate by race in order to counter a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in June that freed states from strict federal oversight.
The trial that started on Tuesday at the U.S. District Court in Corpus Christi stems from a battle over stringent voter ID measures signed into law by Texas Governor Rick Perry, a Republican, in 2011. The law requires voters to present a photo ID such as a concealed handgun license or driver's license, but it excludes student IDs as invalid.
Plaintiffs argued in opening arguments the law will hit the elderly and poorer voters including racial minorities the hardest because they are less likely to have such IDs.
Thus, plaintiffs said, they would be more likely to be turned away from the polls on voting day, suppressing the turnout of groups who traditionally have supported Democrats.
“Although Texas has yet to identify a single instance of in-person voter fraud, the state nevertheless insists that a racially discriminatory photo ID law is necessary to prevent it,” said Natasha Korgaonkar, assistant counsel with the civil rights group NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund.
The trial before U.S. District Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos is expected to last two weeks with a decision handed down before Nov. 4 state and U.S. congressional elections.
Defense lawyers said in opening arguments that there is no evidence to show that the law is discriminatory.
The office of Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott, a Republican who is running for governor in the November election, said in a statement ahead of the trial that the law is aimed at protecting the integrity of elections.
“Voter ID has already been used in several elections in Texas without the disenfranchisement claimed by partisans who seem to be against election integrity,” it said on Friday.
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in July that Texas would be the start of his push to overturn the voter ID laws.
The Obama administration sees such statutes as discriminatory and has launched a nationwide rollout of cases to work around Shelby County v. Holder, the Alabama case in which the Supreme Court on June 25 invalidated a key part of the 1965 Voting Rights Act.
Holder has said Texas has a “history of pervasive voting-related discrimination against racial minorities that the Supreme Court itself has recognized.”
EAGLE COUNTY — Ganjapreneurs have high hopes for marijuana tourism, and it's headed for the High Country.
The Marijuana Business Daily claims that once Colorado visitors can buy recreational reefer from retailers, "marijuana tourism could rival Colorado's multibillion-dollar ski industry."
Timothy Vee, of High Life Tours, isn't just jumping on the bandwagon, he's driving the bus.
High Life Tours will haul you and a dozen or so of your friends on its marijuana-friendly ski buses to Vail, Breckenridge, Keystone, Copper Mountain, Winter Park, Eldora, Loveland and Echo Mountain.
"It's not unlike a Napa Valley wine tour, only they're marijuana tours," Vee said.
If you book 15 people or more, it'll cost you about $75 each, it says on the business' website.
Recommended Stories For You
Vee sat down with some attorneys who told him he could charge for the bus ride and give away marijuana as part of the package. It works just like alcohol on a party bus, he said.
So that's what they do. You get a little reefer, a little alcohol and a little supervision.
"We practice moderation," Vee said. "You notice that when people come in from out of town, a little bit goes a long way."
Speaking of limits, they market tours as far away as Vail from their Front Range headquarters, but like the cannabis capitalist he is, Vee said they'll go further if you want to pay for it.
"People come to Colorado and want to enjoy the beautiful countryside and smoke some as they travel," Vee said.
Vee has been advocating for legalization for years. He remembers going to 420 rallies in Denver when only a few hundred people showed up. Colorado voters legalized it in 2012 and this year voted to tax it.
It's a fledgling industry and Vee said he's figuring it out along with everyone else.
But the marijuana industry is growing like, well … like a weed.
Last April 20, tens of thousands of people lit up outdoors in Denver's Civic Center Park to celebrate marijuana legalization. Thousands more headed to Denver for nation's first open-to-all Cannabis Cup, a U.S. version of an annual marijuana contest and celebration in Amsterdam.
Why green is growing
Marijuana tourists not only buy cannabis and related products, they also spend money on hotels, food and entertainment, insists Marijuana Business Daily.
"We think it could rival skiing. Not next year or the year after, but down the road," said Chris Walsh, editor of Marijuana Business Daily.
Walsh used to cover the ski industry for the Rocky Mountain News and has considered this before.
"The Colorado skiing industry is competing with resorts from all over the country and world," Walsh said. "This could set Colorado's skiing industry apart from its competitors in places like Utah and California."
Marijuana is legal in Colorado and Washington.
"You're talking about a potential global tourist market," Walsh said.
Marijuana Business Daily calculates that the nationwide medical marijuana industry generated $1.5 billion this year. They project that by 2018 it will grow to $6 billion, maybe more.
"Cannabis could easily become a top tourist draw, pumping hundreds of millions of dollars in sales tax into state coffers and rivaling Colorado's $2.5 billion-$3 billion skiing industry."
Al White said he admires their entrepreneurial spirit, but does not share their enthusiasm. He's Colorado's state tourism director.
"There's way too much to see and do in Colorado to use marijuana tourism as a platform for marketing our state," White said.
Matt Brown is co-owner of My 420 Tours, which gives traveling pot users everything but the pot. Besides tours, they run World Cannabis Week in Denver. Last spring's inaugural event sold out.
"People are fascinated by what's happening here, and they want to see it up close," Brown told The Associated Press. "We want to make sure people don't come here, land at the airport, rent a car and drive around stoned all weekend."
Unincorporated Eagle County is home to four medical marijuana businesses, and it's anticipated that they'll apply to sell retail pot. Growers can seek permits to cultivate, manufacture and test marijuana in commercial and agricultural areas.
The county staff is hammering out regulations defining marijuana social clubs, which are popping up in Denver.
Staff Writer Randy Wyrick can be reached at 970-748-2935 and rwyrick@vaildaily.com.
Alaska Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski suggested Thursday that her vote on the current version of the Senate GOP tax overhaul is contingent on the passing of a separate bill to stabilize the individual health insurance market.
The tax legislation now includes a section to repeal the individual mandate in the 2010 health care law — a provision that opens up more than $300 billion in revenue — but could also threaten the viability of the overall law.
The measure has caused some heartburn for moderate Republicans, particularly Murkowski and Sen. Susan Collins of Maine, two of the three senators who helped sink the GOP effort to repeal the health care law this summer.
Murkowski believes legislation from the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions leaders, Chairman Lamar Alexander and ranking member Patty Murray, is necessary before the mandate — which supporters of the law say is a critical foundation for the current insurance markets — is repealed.
See Hatch and Brown's Tax Skirmish
“I think that there is a path and I think the path is a reasonable path,” Murkowski said of her support for the measure. “If the Congress is going to move forward with repeal of the individual mandate, we absolutely must have the Alexander-Murray piece that is passed into law.”
Without such a measure — which would, among other things, appropriate money for so-called cost-sharing subsidies — Murkowski says middle-class Americans may not receive the kind of tax relief the GOP is aiming to provide.
“There is a path forward. It just means that some who have said some nasty things about CSRs are maybe just going to have to acknowledge that, well, this might be the way that you thread this needle,” she said. “If that tax cut is offset by higher premiums, you haven't delivered benefit.”
The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that removing the mandate could lead to millions more uninsured individuals over the next ten years and could raise health care costs for some, particularly sicker Americans.
Twelve Republican senators — along with every Democratic member — have come out in support of the Alexander-Murray bill, enough for it to pass under the regular 60-vote threshold in the chamber.
“It's been frustrating to me that even with the bipartisan support that we have, that it's met with such resistance,” Murkowski said.
The Senate is expected to vote on its tax overhaul the week after the Thanksgiving break.
Some Android devices that contain firmware created by Foxconn may be vulnerable via a debugging feature left inside the OS bootloader, which acts as a backdoor and bypasses authentication procedures for any intruder with USB access to a vulnerable phone.
Foxconn is a Taiwanese company that assembles the electronic parts of several Android smartphone manufacturers (OEMs).
The reason this backdoor exists in the bootloader, the piece of code responsible for booting up the Android OS, is because various OEMs allow Foxconn to create and supply firmware for some of the electronics they use to glue all the parts of an Android device together.
Foxconn debugging feature acts as a backdoor
Jon Sawyer, a US security expert, discovered at the end of August that this firmware included support for booting up Android devices without having to go through the proper authentication procedure.
The researcher says that someone with physical access to the device, could connect it via USB to a computer, and use specific software to interact with the device during its boot-up procedure.
This kind of software is most likely a Foxconn debugger, but Sawyer was able to craft his own client and run the commands to enter this "factory test mode."
This test mode (aka backdoor) can be accessed via Fastboot, a protocol for handling boot-up commands. Sawyer says that the boot-up command to access the backdoor is "reboot-ftm," and can only be sent to the device using custom software, and not through Android or OEM-specific Fastboot interfaces.
"While it is obviously a debugging feature, it is a backdoor," Sawyer says, "it isn't something we should see in modern devices, and it is a sign of great neglect on Foxconn's part."
Backdoor accessible via USB, disables SELinux
But it gets even worse. When entering this factory test mode, Sawyer says the user is "root," with total control over the phone, and that SELinux, a major Android security component, is completely disabled.
"In short, this is a full compromise over usb, which requires no logon access to the device," Sawyer says. "This vulnerability completely bypasses authentication and authorization controls on the device. It is a prime target for forensic data extraction."
"Due to the ability to get a root shell on a password protected or encrypted device, Pork Explosion would be of value for forensic data extraction, brute forcing encryption keys, or unlocking the boot loader of a device without resetting user data. Phone vendors were unaware this backdoor has been placed into their products," Sawyer adds.
Unknown number of devices affected
This backdoor, which he (weirdly) named Pork Explosion, affects a large number of devices. Unfortunately, there isn't a list of affected OEMs and smartphone models at the time of writing.
Sawyer has provided the following information on how to detect Android devices affected by Pork Explosion.
“ For those looking to detect vulnerable devices, you can check for the partitions “ftmboot” and “ftmdata”. The “ftmboot” partition contacts a traditional Android kernel/ramdisk image. This one has SELinux disabled, and adb running as root. The “ftmdata” partition is mounted on /data during ftm bootmode. These partitions are only a sign that the device is vulnerable. ”
A bid to delay moving Calgary's southwest bus rapid transit (BRT) project forward was overwhelmingly defeated in city council chambers on Monday.
Councillors Jeromy Farkas and Diane Colley-Urquhart were behind a notice of motion to stall awarding the tender of Phase 2 of the project — the portion south of Glenmore Trail — pending a review of its scope and funding.
Construction of Phase 2 was to go out for tenders this month, but Mayor Naheed Nenshi said he asked city bureaucrats to delay so council could deal with the motion from the two southwest councillors, adding he intended to fight it.
The motion needed 10 votes to pass under special rules, but was defeated by a count of 11-3.
Farkas with councillors Joe Magliocca and Sean Chu were the only votes in favour of the motion.
Colley-Urquhart was a no-show at Monday's meeting. Farkas said he didn't know where she was or why she wasn't there the day their motion was set to go before council.
"I guess you could say I got thrown under the bus," Farkas said.
A frustrated Farkas said he felt he stood alone in representing the majority of residents in his Ward 11 and Colley-Urquart's Ward 13.
"Sixty-five per cent of Ward 11 voters supported candidates who at least wanted to see this project revisited, and an astounding 90 per cent of Ward 13 candidates had that same position," he said.
Mayor Nenshi disagrees
Mayor Naheed Nenshi disagreed, saying he believed constituents were behind the project.
"You mean the ones who voted for me in three elections as I've been talking about the importance of this project? Yes," Nenshi said.
There were a number of procedural ways the debate could have been shut down, but Nenshi said he was eager to re-open discussions because Farkas campaigned on the issue and deserved the opportunity to be heard.
"We have to be open and transparent and fair to all councillors because, to be fair, Coun. Farkas campaigned hard on this issue and he deserved his moment in front of council to have the debate," Nenshi said.
Nenshi added the analysis Farkas was asking for, was done long ago.
"For someone to come up and make it look like council just went into this blindly, didn't actually look at all these things, didn't actually make this decision based on any facts, that demeans people's faith in how the process works," he said, adding the council spend hundreds of hours on the project, including two record-breaking all-night committee meetings.
Nenshi said he expects construction to begin on the project as soon as ATCO finishes their work on 14th Street.
Image caption Actor Steve Watson, shown playing a part in a Crimewatch reconstruction of the murder of Julie Pacey, was identified by viewers
A Crimewatch actor, who played a suspect in a murder reconstruction 21 years ago, said he is "in limbo" after he was accused of being the killer.
Steve Watson, 53, appeared in the reconstruction of the 1994 murder of Julie Pacey, which was reshown on BBC One earlier this year.
Officers took his DNA after viewers told them he was the "killer" shown in the reconstruction.
The BBC has said it tried to contact Mr Watson before the show.
Julie Pacey, 38, was found dead in Grantham, Lincolnshire, but her killer has never been found.
Image copyright Lincolnshire Police Image caption Julie Pacey was murdered in Grantham in 1994
Mr Watson, of Newark, Nottinghamshire, said he answered a BBC ad to play the part in 1994.
"[My face] was on the screen for too long and even then, people in the street said, 'Oh, is that that murderer?'" he said.
"To hear those words you think, 'Please, it's just a reconstruction, surely you understand', but unfortunately they don't."
The original Crimewatch appeal was aired again in July after advancements in DNA technology.
"A couple of people in Newark recognised me and put me forward as a suspect and I was on the end of having my DNA taken and all sorts," he said.
Image copyright Lincolnshire Police Image caption Police issued an e-fit of the man they want to trace after the reconstruction was rebroadcast in July
Despite telling police he was the actor, he is yet to be told he is no longer a suspect.
"I'm in limbo, it's ridiculous," he said.
Det Insp Helen Evans, of Lincolnshire Police, said it would be "remiss not to thoroughly investigate every solid piece of information" and he will be given an update "in due course".
Mr Watson said Crimewatch "do a fantastic job" but actors should be warned they could be called on by the police.
A BBC spokesman said it tried to contact Mr Watson about re-airing the appeal but his details were not in their records.
ESPN After years of agonizing failure, the Golden State Warriors exploded onto the scene as legitimate NBA contenders. In their second playoff appearance since 1995, Golden State made a huge statement behind their young nucleus and coach (which, despite the fact that gave the Warriors no chance in the first round of the playoffs, I was in the minority who thought the Warriors would pull it off .)
three-point attempts to pull off the stunner, it might have been a very different Western conference finals and NBA Finals. As a Warriors fan, I felt knifed by that dagger in Game 1, especially considering Manu finished off the series below 30 percent beyond the arc… And if Game 1 didn't become the tragic disaster that it did once Klay Thompson fouled out, Richard Jefferson choked on two free throws, and Manu hit the second of ninethree-point attempts to pull off the stunner, it might have been a very different Western conference finals and NBA Finals. As a Warriors fan, I felt knifed by that dagger in Game 1, especially considering Manu finished off the seriesbeyond the arc…
A significant portion of the Warriors fate rides upon this summer (can they re-sign Jack and/or Landry for below market value? If not, can they pick up another solid veteran?) BUT the core that they have to build around is as good as it gets.
If everybody can remain healthy (forever the qualifier with Steph's ankles ), I believe that the Warriors will be better than the Oklahoma City Thunder in the very near future. Before you say that I'm crazy, let me explain why I have so much faith in this young Dubs team.
The Warriors have infamously seen their fair share of injuries, but Russell Westbrook going down with a torn meniscus in the playoffs was a debilitating blow to the Thunder. Kobe Bryant going down (against the Warriors, ironically enough) with an Achilles rupture crippled an already injury-laden Lakers team. Andrew Bynum, well…who knows what his deal is. And Derrick Rose didn't play a minute in the 2012-13 season.
assuming no injuries that's legitimate…but it's also legitimate for 29 other NBA teams. So if we're going to pull out the injury card, you could make an argument for the Bobcats winning the title. Not to mention that the Warriors proved that they could win playoff games without their lone All-Star, David Lee. Dwyane Wade also battled knee injuries throughout the post-season and ended up en route to a second consecutive NBA championship. For the sake of argument, let's assume a healthy NBA and take it from there. If you want to put an asterisk sayingthat's legitimate…but it's also legitimate for 29 other NBA teams.
Now that we've set the injury qualifier aside, let's talk about why I predict the Warriors will be better than the Thunder in the next two to three years—maybe even sooner.
Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook vs. Steph Curry, Klay Thompson, and Harrison Barnes is more complicated than the success of a young duo over an up-and-coming trio who have just started to prove themselves.
Russell Westbrick the defense locks him down, he can be taken out of a game because he's lacking a well-rounded offensive skillset. As LeBron James has shown (over the past two years, in particular), great players need to have more than a one-sided ability to score. In Game 7 of the 2013 NBA Finals, LeBron put on a shooting clinic with five threes and countless jumpers, a far cry from the driving and passing mentality that he showed earlier in the series. Great players have plasticity—that ability to exploit the changing weaknesses of the opponent from game to game. Durant is the best scorer in the game, but if he has an off-night orthe defense locks him down, he can be taken out of a game because he's lacking a well-rounded offensive skillset.
Curry has the complete offensive game that you want a guard. He looks to get teammates involved as much as he looks for his own shot, and when you have a guy who can shoot off the dribble or take you off the dribble, it's nearly unstoppable. At his best, Curry can compete with any scorer in the league—his 54 points at MSG was the mark for most points in a game this season (2012-13). 30 from 30 for 30 is no joke when the Warriors star makes threes look like layups.
And Curry's supporting cast is better than OKC's. This mellows the pressure on Steph to score 25 or 30 a game because he has Klay and the Black Falcon. Mark Jackson said it best: he has the best shooting backcourt in NBA history. And in a “make-or-miss” league, when you have great shooters, you always have the opportunity to pull off incredible comebacks.
That lights-out shooting got Golden State into trouble sometimes. They lost games during the year where they built healthy double-digit leads only to gift the game away to opposing teams—none of course, more nationally recognized than Game 1 of the Conference semis where a double-digit fourth quarter lead evaporated in minutes. With experience, those losses will disappear. Learning to win is something that the Oklahoma City Thunder know all about.
Part of their success is the development of rookie standout, Harrison Barnes (aka Black Falcon or Bad News Barnes, take your pick). His ability to get to the rim has been constantly improving, and he looks like the guy who you can go to when your team needs a bucket. His jump-shot improved even within his rookie year, and his monster posterization of Nikola Pekovic exhibited his phenomenal athleticism. What he loses to Westbrook in quickness, he beats him in strength, and if he develops his post-game (something that he went to in the playoffs)…watch out.
His defense has also improved a ton and his versatility on that side of the ball is almost LeBron-esque. Barnes is a perimeter defender by trade, but the Warriors (and their small lineups) morphed him into a post-defender when needed—which he is capable of, at 6'8”. 16 points, 6 rebounds, 86 percent from the line and
There is no real comparison between the front lines of the Warriors and Thunder. Bogut led the league in rebounds during the first two rounds of the playoffs despite having played few regular season games. David Lee was a nightly 20-10 threat before dropping to injury. Ibaka and Perkins don't have nearly the offensive potency of the Vanilla Towers. Sure, Iblocka will get you some impressive plays on that side of the ball, but he is to defense what Blake Griffin is to offense: flashy and entertaining, but not as great as he is often made out to be. In 2013, Ibaka and his 7.7 RPG didn't crack the top-10 in defensive win shares.
Defensively on the front line, it may be closer but considering the Thunder can expect no offense from Perkins (4.2 PPG in 2013), the Warriors bigs are better. (The one problem for Golden State being Bogut's free throw shooting.)
Golden State also has a superior bench. Even though they may lose Landry and/or Jack, Brandon Rush will help boost the starters as will Ezeli, Draymond Green, and possibly the 12th man of the year, Kent Bazemore. This gives the Warriors shooting, defense, veterans, and youth in their second squad. With Kevin Martin a free agent, the best that OKC can expect from the bench is Nick Collison and…Hasheem Thabeet? Meanwhile, if Draymond's three-point stroke looks anything like it did in the playoffs, you're looking at a Shane Battier-type who can hit big outside shots and play lockdown defense. For less than $1 million a year through 2015, Bob Myers struck gold with this pick.
combined. even went so far as to rank Steph at No. 3 in the NBA on his trade value series. The other thing is the salaries involved. Because Westbrook and Durant are both bona-fide superstars, they are paid as such. Over the next three years, the OKC duo will make upwards of $40 million a year with a salary cap at $58 million. Not much flexibility there. In 2014-15, David Lee, Curry, Barnes, Thompson, Ezeli, and Green are set to be paid less than that duo Bill Simmons even went so far as to rank Steph at No. 3 in the NBA on his trade value series.
If given those salaries, I would take those seven guys over Westbrook and Durant. With the money that OKC has locked up in their top-four players ($57 million) in 2014-15, and $48 million in 2015-16 for three guys (KD, RW, and Ibaka), they will struggle to support their stars. Unlike Miami, OKC doesn't have the ability to woo free agents with beautiful beaches. As for the Warriors, the sacrifices in stardom will be made up for chemistry and the complimentary skills that each player brings to the team.
Don't forget the Dubs will soon be able to dangle the beauty of San Francisco and a new arena in front of wandering free agents. It was no mistake that a big name like Dwight Howard was linked to the Warriors already, and who knows what the summer of 2014 will bring in the Bay Area.
Both OKC and Golden State have brilliant young coaches and savvy front offices. To Sam Presti's chagrin, the Warriors will vie for a top seed in the West much sooner than he would have liked. Golden State has two of the best three-point shooters in the league (both who have offensive games more developed than just that aspect), an up-and-coming scorer who can play defense, a post scorer (maybe two), post defenders, and a reasonably deep bench that has a good combination of youth and experience.
It may happen next year or it may take another year or two, but look for the Warriors to surpass OKC in the wild West.
only 1.3 TO per game in the playoffs against two great defenses (Spurs and Denver)? This man is a star in the making and the Warriors have him locked up until 2016.
Oil Speculators: The Damage Is Real
By: Gary Weiss
TheStreet.com
Let's be clear on something: It's not a conspiracy theory. A good portion of the pain that consumers are feeling at the gas pump is indeed caused by speculators. This isn't some half-baked Internet meme, or somebody babbles on a Yahoo message board. It's a fact.
Just look at this study by the staff of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, which found that speculation "played a significant role in the oil price increase between 2004 and 2008 and its subsequent collapse." Last year, a Goldman Sachs study found that every 10 million contracts traded by speculators adds 10 cents to the price of a barrel of oil. That translates to as much as $23 a barrel, when you consider that speculative futures contracts have been the equivalent of 230 million barrels of oil.
Now that we've settled that, let's relax -- unless your broker talked you into buying some oil or gas futures contracts, in which case you have a reasonable chance of being screwed. The reason is that there are signs that gas prices are peaking. If so, then the same speculation that is pushing up prices is likely to go into reverse, causing prices to right back down again.
To be sure, my whole market-is-peaking scenario may unravel if (among other things) there's more saber-rattling by or against Iran -- and especially if Israel decides, God forbid, that the time has come to put the kibosh on Iran's nuclear plants. But short of something horrifying along those lines, we may be seeing declines in gas prices that are as sharp as the increases that motorist have been experiencing.
Read the article on thestreet.com »
It was three hours before dawn, and felt like -19C, when people started lining up Sunday outside the Royal Alexandra Theatre. By the time the singing started, some had been huddled on the King St. W. sidewalk for four or five hours.
Shane Feldman, centre, with red scarf, arrived at the Royal Alexandra Theatre at 5 a.m. Sunday to wait for tickets to Come From Away. ( Peter Goffin / Toronto Star )
“We're just a bit crazy,” said one. These freezing fans came with sleeping bags and camping chairs in hopes of landing the last few tickets to Come From Away, a musical based on the true story of more than 6,500 air travellers rerouted to Gander, Nfld. after the terror attacks on Sept. 11, 2001. The hit show is headed to Broadway in February, and Sunday's matinee performance was the last in Toronto.
Article Continued Below
With 16 tickets guaranteed up for grabs, and close to 20 fans in line for the box office to open, some were bound to go home empty-handed. But all of them would get to hear some songs from the show, performed live just inches away from their spot in line. Led by the show's husband-and-wife writing team David Hein and Irene Sankoff, members of Come From Away's cast turned up at 10 a.m., with coffee and doughnuts, to serenade the rush line. “I can't believe people are lining up to see our show, and in this weather,” said Hein. “It's just amazing. And they were all happy.” Sankoff called the experience surreal.
“I remember waiting out there for Rent,” she said. “I never would have dreamed it would be my show.”
Come From Away actor Joel Hatch (left) and co-writer, David Hein, arrive at the Royal Alexandra Theatre to meet fans waiting for tickets. ( Peter Goffin )
The group sang a pair of original songs from Come From Away, and the maritime folk song “Heave Away,” as those in line clapped gloved hands and stomped booted feet.
Article Continued Below
“It's amazing,” said one fan. “My hands are shaking and I can't tell if it's from the excitement or the cold.” Hein, playing along on guitar, said he could barely move his fingers, but loved seeing the fans come together. “They were talking about how everyone saves each other's spaces in line and brings each other beef jerky and drinks and creates this community,” he said. Hein, who was celebrating his birthday, and Sankoff handed out Tim Hortons gift cards to people in the line, asking them to “pay it forward.” These acts of giving parallel the story told by Come From Away, of Gander residents welcoming outsiders with open arms. “It's a Canadian story and it's a celebration of the people in Newfoundland and us as Canadians and helping people,” Hein said. “Going down the Broadway and being able to share that, is an honour. And it's wonderful in today's climate to be able to tell this story.”
Yu Liang was one of the lucky fans who walked away with tickets to the last Toronto performance of Come From Away after lining up in the bristling cold. ( Peter Goffin/TORONTO STAR )
When the box office finally opened, Shane Feldman was first in line. He had been waiting since 5 a.m. Sunday and it will be the seventh time he has seen Come From Away, he said, including one performance in Gander. “It's so authentic,” Feldman said of the show. “David and Irene are brilliant in the way that they are able to share and amalgamate the stories. Having met many of the people that inspired the people in Gander (I think) they do a near flawless job.”
Analysts on Goldman Sachs's U.S. economic analysis team said the Senate GOP tax bill's impact on the economy beyond 2020 would be "minimal" at best.
"We have increased our estimate of the growth effects of the legislation slightly, to around 0.3 [percentage points] in 2018 and 2019," Alec Phillips and Blake Taylor wrote in a note to clients on Monday, according to Business Insider.
"This reflects the slightly larger amount of tax cuts in the Senate plan following revisions, and our expectations regarding the eventual compromise."
ADVERTISEMENT
"We note that the effect in 2020 and beyond looks minimal and could actually be slightly negative," the note added.
The Senate early Saturday passed legislation to overhaul the tax code, setting up a push to negotiate a final bill with the House.
The bill would lower tax rates for individuals through 2025 and permanently cut the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. The bill's tax cuts for individuals are temporary in order to comply with budget rules that the measure can't add to the deficit after 10 years.
The measure would also repeal ObamaCare's individual mandate.
The House and Senate are expected to work out the differences between their tax bills in a conference committee, with the goal of getting a bill to President Trump's desk by Christmas.
Goldman Sachs said last month that the GOP tax-reform plan would only increase economic growth by 0.1 to 0.2 percentage points over the next two years.
Neopets Neggs List
Neggs - chances are you've seen one of these mysterious items floating around on the Shop Wizard, accompanied by ridiculously high price tags. Despite looking like oddly shaped Easter Eggs with tufts on top, some Neggs are a lot more than just food - they can have a variety of useful effects, from increasing your pets' stats to giving you items. With Neggs being given out as prizes in Key Quest (and their prices dropping considerably as a result), you might want to look into grabbing a few of them to help your pets along the way. You can also obtain Neggs by buying them from other users, or purchasing them with Negg Tokens at the Neopian Neggery .
Neggery Neggs
Here is a list of the Neggs which you can purchase from the Neggery (arranged in alphabetical order):
Negg Cost Effect(s)
Armoured Negg 16 Tokens Your pet gains 1 point of Defense and you get one of the following shields: Shoulder Armour, Omelette Shield, or Scamander Shield.
Bang Bang Negg 33 Tokens Gives you random snowball(s)
Basic Power Negg 39 Tokens May increase your pet's defence by 1 point
Blue Furry Negg 15 Tokens Heals your pet 5 HP (just like a healing potion, you can't use this if you're in a battle)
Cackling Negg 96 Tokens One-use Battledome item that gives your pet the ability Shadow Health regardless of its level
Christmas Tree Negg 27 Tokens Heals your pet 20 HP (just like a healing potion, you can't use this if you're in a battle)
Confusionegg 64 Tokens One-use Battledome item that gives your pet the ability Psychic Blast regardless of its level (Psychic Blast is useless however)
Cool Negg 247 Tokens Increases your pet's level by 1; can also increase endurance and strength and agility by up to 3 points each
Cracked Negg 90 Tokens One-use Battledome item that does 6 icons of damage OR damages the user 3 HP OR heals the user 3 HP OR fully heals the user
Crystal Negg 22 Tokens Heals your pet 8 HP (just like a healing potion, you can't use this if you're in a battle)
Darksplash Negg Bomb 4 Tokens One-use Battledome weapon that can do 10-15 damage.
Evil Negg 42 Tokens One-use Battledome item that attacks with 3 dark icons and 1 physical icon
Faerie Queen Negg 57 Tokens Increases your pet's maximum HP by 1 point
Ferocious Negg 124 Tokens Increases your pet's strength by up to 4 points; also gives your pet a random illness
Fireball Negg 34 Tokens One-use Battledome item that attacks with 4 fire icons
Genius Negg 24 Tokens Increases your pet's intelligence; also gives you one of these books: Battledome Guide, Cooking Neggs, Know Your Neggs Book, Mystic Neggs Book, Theories of Physics, Where Neggs Grow
Ghost Negg 22 Tokens Feeds your pet (just normal food)
Glamour Negg 7 Tokens Decreases your pet's intelligence, increases its happiness and gives you one of the following items: Gold Brush, Gold Mirror or Shampoo
Happy Negg 4 Tokens Increases your pet's happiness
Icestorm Negg 34 Tokens One-use Battledome item that attacks with 3 water icons and 1 physical icon
Kaleideonegg 52 Tokens Randomly changes your pet's stats, color, species, or gender (just like the lab ray)
Negg of Purity +1 10 Tokens May increase your pet's defence by 1 point
Plaid Negg 108 Tokens Increases the level of one of your pet's abilities; can also change your pet's color to a basic one (like red or blue)
Power Negg 79 Tokens Increases your pet's strength 1 point
Pumpkin Negg 12 Tokens Changes your pet's height and weight by up to 3 pounds/centimetres
Radioactive Negg 66 Tokens Increases the level of one of your pet's abilities
Rainwater Negg 61 Tokens One-use Battledome item that gives your pet the ability Steam Shield regardless of its level
Silver Knight Negg 72 Tokens Increases your pet's defence by 1 point
Smiley Negg 9 Tokens Increases your pet's happiness
Snegg 126 Tokens Increases your pet's maximum HP and agility by up to 3 points
Spiked Negg 195 Tokens Increases your pet's maximum HP by 2 to 3 points
Spinning Negg 36 Tokens One-use Battledome item that gives your pet the ability Air Shield regardless of its level
Staring Negg 30 Tokens Greatly reduces your pet's intelligence
Super Negg 210 Tokens Increases your pet's level by 1; also increases its maximum HP and agility by up to 3 points
Sweet Heart Negg 18 Tokens Gives you one of four possibilities candy
Swift Darkfire Negg Bomb 4 Tokens One-use Battledome weapon that can do 15 full icons, 5 of each Dark, Air and Fire.
Vortex Negg 24 Tokens Can change your pet's color to a basic one OR add or take away 1 max HP OR give your pet neggitus.
Wicked Negg 10 Tokens Feeds your pet (just normal food)
Witchy Negg 48 Tokens Can change your pet into a BASIC Lenny/Tuskaninny/Moehog OR change their gender OR increase their intelligence OR increase their maximum HP OR cure any diseases they have
Additional Battledome Negg
The Rotten Negg is also a simple Battledome weapon that restocks occasionally at the Smuggler's Cove .
Trade-in Neggs
Here is a list of Neggs which you can trade in at the Neggery for Negg Tokens:
Battle Duck Negg
8 Tokens Battle Duck Negg
Blue Negg
5 Tokens Blue Negg
Candy Cane Negg
6 Tokens Candy Cane Negg
Capn Threelegs Halloween Negg
5 Tokens Capn Threelegs Halloween Negg
Checkered Easter Negg
8 Tokens Checkered Easter Negg
Chocolate Orange Easter Negg
22 Tokens Chocolate Orange Easter Negg
Christmas Pattern Negg
8 Tokens Christmas Pattern Negg
Chyrsaberry Surprise Negg
10 Tokens Chyrsaberry Surprise Negg
Cog Halloween Negg
5 Tokens Cog Halloween Negg
Combomelon Easter Negg
10 Tokens Combomelon Easter Negg
Cookie Negg
2 Tokens Cookie Negg
Cornupeper Easter Negg
10 Tokens Cornupeper Easter Negg
Dancing Daisy Easter Negg
10 Tokens Dancing Daisy Easter Negg
Decorative Negg
6 Tokens Decorative Negg
Faerie Easter Negg
8 Tokens Faerie Easter Negg
Festival Negg
4 Tokens Festival Negg
Fish Negg
50 Tokens Fish Negg
Fishy Easter Negg
8 Tokens Fishy Easter Negg
Floral Easter Negg
8 Tokens Floral Easter Negg
Blue Flower Easter Negg
2 Tokens Blue Flower Easter Negg
Frozen Negg
14 Tokens Frozen Negg
Fruity Faerie Easter Negg
10 Tokens Fruity Faerie Easter Negg
Glass Negg
5 Tokens Glass Negg
Green Negg
3 Tokens Green Negg
Green Festival Negg
4 Tokens Green Festival Negg
Icy Negg
2 Tokens Icy Negg
Island Mystic Halloween Negg
5 Tokens Island Mystic Halloween Negg
Lemon Lime Easter Negg
32 Tokens Lemon Lime Easter Negg
Lemon Sherbet Easter Negg
10 Tokens Lemon Sherbet Easter Negg
Lemon Swirly Negg
4 Tokens Lemon Swirly Negg
Lever of Doom Halloween Negg
5 Tokens Lever of Doom Halloween Negg
Lime Swirly Negg
3 Tokens Lime Swirly Negg
Lovely Lime Easter Negg
10 Tokens Lovely Lime Easter Negg
Luxury Chocolate Easter Negg
28 Tokens Luxury Chocolate Easter Negg
Maple Syrup Negg
6 Tokens Maple Syrup Negg
Mint Chocolate Easter Negg
26 Tokens Mint Chocolate Easter Negg
Mutated Negg
10 Tokens Mutated Negg
Negg
1 Token Negg
Negg Cream Cookie
11 Tokens Negg Cream Cookie
Orange Negg
4 Tokens Orange Negg
Ornate Purple Negg
5 Tokens Ornate Purple Negg
Partitioned Negg
6 Tokens Partitioned Negg
Pastel Swirl Easter Negg
8 Tokens Pastel Swirl Easter Negg
Peach Flower Easter Negg
2 Tokens Peach Flower Easter Negg
Peachpa Easter Negg
10 Tokens Peachpa Easter Negg
Phear Easter Negg
10 Tokens Phear Easter Negg
Pink Negg
5 Tokens Pink Negg
Pink Swirly Easter Negg
8 Tokens Pink Swirly Easter Negg
Pretty Pink Easter Negg
18 Tokens Pretty Pink Easter Negg
Princess Amira Halloween Negg
5 Tokens Princess Amira Halloween Negg
Punegg
9 Tokens Punegg
Purple Cybunny Negg
10 Tokens Purple Cybunny Negg
Purple Negg
2 Tokens Purple Negg
Rainbow Negg
6 Tokens Rainbow Negg
Rainbow Vanilla Negg
9 Tokens Rainbow Vanilla Negg
Ranegg
9 Tokens Ranegg
Rock Negg
7 Tokens Rock Negg
Rose Swirl Easter Negg
2 Tokens Rose Swirl Easter Negg
Sardplant Easter Negg
10 Tokens Sardplant Easter Negg
Scented Easter Negg
8 Tokens Scented Easter Negg
Scrambled Rainbow Negg
12 Tokens Scrambled Rainbow Negg
Speckled Negg
10 Tokens Speckled Negg
Spotted Easter Negg
24 Tokens Spotted Easter Negg
Spring Flowers Easter Negg
8 Tokens Spring Flowers Easter Negg
Strawberry and Cream Easter Negg
16 Tokens Strawberry and Cream Easter Negg
Strawberry Swirl Easter Negg
10 Tokens Strawberry Swirl Easter Negg
Super Icy Negg
4 Tokens Super Icy Negg
Sweet and Sour Negg
6 Tokens Sweet and Sour Negg
Swirly Negg #498
5 Tokens Swirly Negg #498
Ultimate Icy Negg
8 Tokens Ultimate Icy Negg
Ultra Icy Negg
6 Tokens Ultra Icy Negg
Yellow Negg
6 Tokens Yellow Negg
Yellow Patterned Easter Negg
2 Tokens Yellow Patterned Easter Negg
Yenegg
9 Tokens Yenegg
Simply Food and Fun
There are also some neggs in Neopia that cannot be traded in at the Neggery and are simply food for your pets (though some of them can't be very tasty!), gifts, toys or for customization.
Food
Altalaphus Negg Altalaphus Negg
Blue and Red Checkered Easter Negg Blue and Red Checkered Easter Negg
Blue Cybunny Negg Blue Cybunny Negg
Gold Gem Negg Gold Gem Negg
Boiled Striped Xweetok Negg Boiled Striped Xweetok Negg
Cheese Negg
Brightly Coloured Easter Negg Brightly Coloured Easter Negg
Chocolate Cybunny Negg Chocolate Cybunny Negg
Chocolate Negg
Coltzan Negg Coltzan Negg
Congratulations Negg
Cupid Negg
Decorated Negg
Dung Negg
Garin Negg
Grarrl Keno Negg Grarrl Keno Negg
Grilled Negg
Happy Anniversary Negg Happy Anniversary Negg
Happy Birthday Negg Happy Birthday Negg
Heart Shaped Negg Heart Shaped Negg
Invisible Negg
Jazzy Easter Negg Jazzy Easter Negg
Jelly Negg
Jewelled Negg
Jhudora Rotten Negg Jhudora Rotten Negg
Lenny Conundrum Negg Lenny Conundrum Negg
Meerca Negg Meerca Negg
Mosaic Negg
Mummified Negg
Mutant Negg
Mystical Mystery Island Negg Mystical Mystery Island Negg
Nutty Chocolate Negg Nutty Chocolate Negg
Paper Negg
Patterned Chocolate Negg Patterned Chocolate Negg
Pirate Negg
Platinum Negg
Pretty Purple Princess Negg Pretty Purple Princess Negg
Purple Swirls Easter Negg Purple Swirls Easter Negg
Purple Swirly Easter Negg Purple Swirly Easter Negg
Pyranegg Pyranegg
Rainbow Cybunny Negg Rainbow Cybunny Negg
Red Meerca Negg Red Meerca Negg
Sand Negg
Scaled Negg
Scarab Negg
Scarblade Negg Scarblade Negg
Sloth Negg
Snowager Negg Snowager Negg
Snowy Negg
Starflower Patterned Easter Negg Starflower Patterned Easter Negg
Steak Negg
Steel Negg
Stormy Negg
Stripy Easter Negg Stripy Easter Negg
Stylish Negg
Sunflower Pattern Easter Negg Sunflower Pattern Easter Negg
Sunny Altador Negg Sunny Altador Negg
Taelia Negg Taelia Negg
Treasure Map Negg Treasure Map Negg
Tyrannian Water Negg Tyrannian Water Negg
Valentines Negg
Zombie Negg Customization
Plain Decorative Negg Plain Decorative Negg
Beautiful Decorative Negg Beautiful Decorative Negg Toys
Punching Negg Gifts (No Function)
Pink Snowbunny Easter Negg Pink Snowbunny Easter Negg
Isca Negg Isca Negg
Blooming Ivy Easter Negg Blooming Ivy Easter Negg
Green Gem Negg Green Gem Negg
Carved Wooden Neg Carved Wooden Neg
Glittering Negg
1.
For much of the twentieth century, T.S. Eliot's pronouncements on literature and culture had the force of a royal command. “In the seventeenth century,” he wrote, “a dissociation of sensibility set in, from which we have never recovered.” Probably no such separation of thought from feeling ever occurred, but sober historians analyzed it as if were as real as the Industrial Revolution. “Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion,” Eliot wrote, “but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality.” Two generations of critics worked to do his bidding by banishing from the canon poets like Shelley whom Eliot had judged insufficiently impersonal.
Eliot's prose borrowed its sober and severe authority from the intensity and power of his poetry. His long poems The Waste Land (1922) and Four Quartets (1943), like many of his shorter ones, evoked a synthesizing vision of public and private disorder: the emotional and erotic failures of individual persons and the chaotic anomie of contemporary Europe, individuals and societies both thirsty for life-giving waters, both waiting for the transforming commandments that, in The Waste Land, “the thunder said.” No other modern writer had his power to portray, simultaneously and in sharp focus, the disasters of both the inner world and the outer one.
When Eliot died in 1965 much of his authority died with him. Academic and journalistic opinion agreed that he had hoped public disorder could be resolved by imposing the kind of order favored by authoritarians; that, as a WASP from an old New England family, he felt superior to Jews and other outsiders to the high culture he embodied; that he held repugnant attitudes about women and sex. His detractors wrote entire books setting out the evidence against him, while his defenders replied with books that denied the evidence or explained it away.
Robert Crawford's Young Eliot, the first volume of a two-part biography, and The Poems of T.S. Eliot, edited and massively annotated by Christopher Ricks and Jim McCue, make it possible to see more deeply than before into Eliot's inner life, to perceive its order and complexity in new ways, and to recognize that his detractors and his defenders were responding to attitudes that Eliot condemned in himself and to beliefs that his poems simultaneously expressed and rebuked.
2.
The first sixteen years of Eliot's life, from his birth in St. Louis in 1888 until the year he attended Milton Academy near Boston before entering Harvard, are almost entirely undocumented. All that survive are two letters and a few…
How To Play Happy Birthday (Arranged For Solo Guitar)
By: Scott Gilliam
Posted in: Jazz Guitar Lessons
Everybody has sung Happy Birthday at some point in their lives, or pretended to! I imagine there have been scenarios where family or friends have requested you to play it on the guitar. You could strum and sing, but for some people that isn't an option. A good thing to have is a solo version of the song that you can use in a pinch if need be. Solo guitar is one of the most creative avenues available to anyone with six or seven strings. Walking basslines, alternating basslines, inner voice movement, arpeggios, contrary motion, oblique motion, similar motion, parallel motion… there are endless ways to arrange a tune on the guitar and in future lessons I plan to cover those devices in greater detail. For now I will explain in a basic sense, how to begin to harmonize a melody and I have arranged Happy Birthday to demonstrate some different concepts.
First off – what is a chord melody ? It is when the melody of a song is played usually as the high note of a chord, with a bassline and chord underneath to accompany it. If you like, think of two hands on the piano. The right hand plays the melody and the left hand provides the chords. There are exceptions to this, but generally that is a great place to start. The most important aspect is to have the melody clearly represented, followed by logical bass movement in the lower register and chords in the middle register to flesh things out. Check out the Bach Chorales for the definitive tutorial on voice leading.
My version of Happy Birthday is in the Key of G Major. The first note in the melody is a D, so that is the highest note in my V chord ( D aug) which leads to the chord (G). The next melody note is E so I play that with a G in the bass and alternate the open 3rd string (G) to create movement, ala The Beatles Blackbird. This is called similar motion, I also alternate the bass notes for some variety. For the majority of the song I am using the basic changes which are I to V7 and back to I. From those chords, I then pick the melody notes out and provide alt bass for interest. For the turnaround of the tune, I played a C melody note on top of the IV min (Cm) and a B melody note on top of the chord (Gmaj9) and then an A on top of the V7 chord (D9). I resolved to a G on top of a Gadd9 chord.
It is challenging to explain these concepts with the written word. My hope is that you will check out this or other arrangements to hear what these possibilities can sound like. Hopefully, I have presented a few ways to get you started on playing your favorite songs as a solo guitarist.
Check out the accompanying video on this lesson: How To Play Happy Birthday (Arranged For Solo Guitar)
WASHINGTON, DC - JANUARY 29: Attorney General Eric Holder testifies during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Capotil Hill, on January 29, 2014 in Washington, DC. The committee is hearing testimony on oversight of the Justice Department and reform of government surveillance programs. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON -- A group of federal prosecutors is criticizing the Department of Justice's support for legislation that would soften U.S. drug sentencing policies.
The National Association of Assistant United States Attorneys, an organization representing about 1,300 of the 5,600 federal prosecutors, sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder last week objecting to his endorsement of the Smarter Sentencing Act. The bipartisan Senate bill would lighten prison sentences for people convicted of nonviolent drug offenses.
The letter, signed by NAAUSA president and assistant U.S. attorney Robert Gay Guthrie, argues that the U.S. should resist calls to reform its mandatory minimum laws, which require judges to sentence certain drug defendants to lengthy prison terms, even if the judge considers those sentences excessive.
In the letter, Guthrie insists that the “merits of mandatory minimums are abundantly clear," insisting that they reach "only to the most serious of crimes" and "target the most serious criminals."
“And foremost,” he adds, “they protect law-abiding citizens and help hold crime in check.”
David Zlotnick, a former assistant U.S. attorney who opposes mandatory minimum sentences, challenged the letter.
“This is a biased letter with an ulterior motive -- to make federal prosecutors' jobs easier,” he wrote. “Federal prosecutors should stand for justice and fairness as well as public safety. This letter and this organization's position are shortsighted and biased and do not represent the views of all prosecutors.”
Zlotnick and other proponents of criminal justice reform argue that mandatory minimums are hardly reserved for those convicted of high-level offenses. Low-level street dealers and couriers often carry large enough quantities of drugs to trigger mandatory minimums, he said.
An online poll conducted by the group found that just 15 percent of the nearly 650 federal prosecutors surveyed supported the Smarter Sentencing Act, while more than 60 percent opposed it.
Guthrie did not respond to an interview request, and a NAAUSA representative told HuffPost that the organization had been overwhelmed with media attention and wouldn't be able to respond until Friday at the earliest.
The country's mandatory minimums law, adopted by the U.S. at the height of the anti-drug movement during the Reagan era, has attracted increased scrutiny in recent months, as Congress and the Obama administration have tried to slim down the federal prison system.
Charles Samuels Jr., the director of the Federal Bureau of Prisons, said at a Senate hearing in November that his staff was dangerously stretched as a result of the population spike. About 219,000 people are serving time in the federal prisons today, compared with 25,000 in 1980. About half are there for nonviolent drug offenses.
In a letter to Congress in December, Zlotnick and more than 100 other former federal prosecutors and judges applauded the Smarter Sentencing Act. “Spending on incarceration in this economy has started to jeopardize funding for some of our most important priorities, like crime prevention, law enforcement, and reducing recidivism,” they wrote.
Since its establishment in 1992, the NAAUSA has focused mainly on issues of employment, not policy.
The group dove into the debate over mandatory minimums after conducting its online survey in early November. According to that survey, more than 80 percent of assistant U.S. attorneys interviewed don't believe the criminal justice system is "broken," as Holder suggested in a speech in 2013. And more than three-quarters of those surveyed said they don't believe that the justice system disproportionately punishes people of color.
A report released last fall by the Sentencing Project, a group that advocates for prison reform, suggested that 1 in every 3 black men born in 2013 could expect to go to prison at some point in their lives, compared with 1 in every 6 Latino men, and 1 in every 17 white men, if current incarceration trends continue.
Yet It's about so much more than breaking a record. It's about pushing the boundaries of human experience. It's about testing the limits your limits. It's about forming a community centred around a passion for exploration. Untethered Gives You a Ride of a LifetimeThis film is an unparalleled journey into the world of highlining. A story that will leave you captivated till the very end and have you still hungry for more. Untethered is sure to inspire the progression of personal limits and motivating viewers to reach higher for what life has to offer.
Gain Exclusive Access to the Launch of UNTETHERED
This film will be launched in December on Vimeo entirely for free. I have toiled over the crafting of this project and I cannot wait to share the experience with you. You can join the Leftcoast Collective to receive weekly behind the scenes value on the creation of this project. I send out an email every Thursday to those in the collective. What are you waiting for?
Carson trips up on NATO knowledge, Islamic history
Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon poised to seek the Republican presidential nomination, appeared not to realize Wednesday that the Baltic states are members of the NATO alliance. He also claimed that the rage being expressed by radical Islamist groups dates back to Old Testament days.
Those were among several odd answers from the first-time candidate as he defended his lack of foreign policy chops during a radio interview with Hugh Hewitt, the conservative commentator who will moderate a GOP presidential debate later this year.
Story Continued Below
Like several other Republican presidential prospects, including a few of the governors in the field, Carson showed the limits of his knowledge about the world, even as national security has come to dominate a larger share of the debate.
Hewitt asked if NATO should be willing to go to war if Russian leader Vladimir Putin attempts to do in the Baltic states (Estonia, Latvia or Lithuania) what he's already done in Ukraine.
“I think they would be willing to go to war if they knew that they were backed up by us,” Carson said. “We need to convince them to get involved in NATO and strengthen NATO.”
“Well, the Baltics, they are in NATO,” Hewitt responded. [In fact, they've been member states since 2004.]
After a commercial break, Carson explained that he was confused. “Well, when you were saying Baltic state, I thought you were continuing our conversation about the former components of the Soviet Union,” he said.
Much of the interview focused on the current turmoil in the Middle East. Carson said he's been reading a lot about Al Qaeda and “the radical Islamic movement in general.”
The 63-year-old argued that “the origin of their rage” dates all the way back to the book of Genesis in the Old Testament and that the groups are mainly focused on claiming land.
“First of all, you have to recognize they go back thousands and thousands of years, really back to the battle between Jacob and Esau,” Carson said.
Hewitt interjected that Islam's Prophet Muhammad was not born until nearly 600 years after the death of Jesus, and that Islam is really only a 1,400-year-old religion: “How do you go back to Jacob and Esau, which are B.C?”
“I'm just saying that the conflict has been ongoing for thousands of years,” Carson said. “This is not anything new, is what I'm saying.”
Carson doubled down by asserting that “the Islamic faith emanated from Esau.”
“It has been a land issue for a very long period of time,” he said. “Possession is very important to them. And one of the things that we're doing incorrectly right now is not recognizing that they are expanding their territory. Not only the land that they've taken in Iraq, but what they've taken in Syria, they're creating an Islamic state. And we can bomb it all we want. But unless we actually can take the land back, we're really not doing them any damage.”
Carson also said that Shiite and Sunni Muslims – whose bitter differences have often led to violence between them – might somehow team up against the West.
“Right now, they're fighting each other in Iraq, admittedly,” he said. “But in the long run, I think they would gladly unite against us in their attempt to destroy the United States, our way of life, and Israel. And we have to be extraordinarily careful about any alliances with them.”
Carson said he is okay with the United States negotiating with Iran, as long as the government there makes concessions and allows inspections of its nuclear facilities. He also described Putin as “a very rational actor” who is responding to signs of U.S. weakness.
Hewitt fretted aloud about Carson's ability to respond to the same “gotcha” questions that tripped up then-GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin in 2008.
“I‘ve read a lot in the last six months, no question about that,” Carson said. “There's a lot of material to learn. There's no question about that. But … we spend too much time trying to get into these little details that are easily within the purview of the experts that you have available to you. And I think where we get lost is not being able to define what our real mission is, and not being able to strategize in terms of how do we defeat our enemies.”
“I could spend the next six years learning all the details of all the SALT treaties and every other treaty that's ever been done and completely miss the boat,” he added.
Amazon is reportedly looking to bolster its mobile device division by purchasing the smartphone chip division of Texas Instruments.
The online retailer's apparent pursuit of the TI mobile chip division has prompted speculation that Amazon plans to build its own smartphone and compete with Apple's iPhone, according to Reuters. The two companies already compete in the tablet market, with Amazon's Kindle Fire taking on the iPad.If Amazon were to purchase TI's smartphone chip business, the deal is likely to be worth billions of dollars. The rumored deal is seen as a strategic move that would allow Amazon to better compete with Apple and Samsung, two rivals that already design their own mobile chips for tablets and smartphones.Amazon already utilizes TI's chips in its Kindle Fire lineup, and Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos also touted the performance of TI's components at a recent media event. And TI has indicated it plans to exit the wireless business in an effort to grow profits.A potential buyout of TI would be of particular interest to Apple because its chips are found in many of the company's devices, including the new iPhone 5 and the latest iPod touch . TI provides the touchscreen controlling system on a chip for both newly released devices.Last month, it was also said that Apple was actively courting employees from TI to bolster its own chip development. The A6 processor found in the iPhone 5 is the first custom ARM processor designed entirely in-house by Apple.
172 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
In a detailed component teardown, analysis of the components that comprise Oculus' first consumer VR headset suggest a predictably complex design with the costs of individual parts totalling $200.
The Oculus Rift headset had already passed through numerous prototype iterations before the DK1 formed the basis company's original Kickstarter campaign. Since then, the Oculus Rift has evolved very much in the public eye, with milestone headset prototypes rolled out to press and consumer trade events regularly since.
This rapid and very public evolution of Oculus' flagship product is partly indicative of the company's roots, based firmly in the notoriety and enthusiasm generated from crowdfunding. But it's also an indication of just how complex and difficult the task of bringing a completely new form of entertainment device to the public was. If you own an Oculus Rift or an HTC Vive headset, they probably represent the most advanced pieces of consumer electronics engineering in your home.
This complexity was reflected in Oculus Rift's consumer price when it was finally announced in January of this year at CES, with pre-orders priced at $599 before shipping, albeit with both an Xbox One wireless controller and 2 games bundled in as part of the deal. The final price exceeded even Oculus' own estimations, and again illustrates what an unknown quantity VR was right up until it arrived for sale this year.
Now, a new component teardown from IHS Markit Technology, has revealed just how costly and complicated the consumer Rift is. Every component, down to the individual chips on each of the numerous PCBs found in the device has been individually costed and broken down with the total bill-of-materials coming in at just over $206 – around 35% of the Rift's $599 price, with assembly and test costs factored. Notably, IHS Markit have included all boxed components, not just the headset itself, in the teardown too. – including the Oculus Remote, Sensor and even the Xbox One wireless controller.
The lion's share of the actual headset's cost comes, perhaps predictably, from the dual Samsung AMOLED 1200 x 1080 displays present in the Rift, with a price tag of $69, making up almost half of the unit's total BOM cost of $140. Electromechanicals, comprising parts like the Rift's integrated headphones, also present a significant portion of the cost totalling $22.09. Interestingly, the included Xbox One controller and wireless adapter alone represent $24 of the final tally.
All of this of course fails completely to include the years of R&D that went into producing a Rift, not to mention hugely complex and software development to support the headset, a lot of which simply didn't exist prior to the recent VR renaissance. Not to mention this report is almost entirely focused on material electronic costs, there's no mention of the custom Fresnel lenses manufacturing costs, for which you also have to factor in the complex specialist R&D for those too. Finally, this report is based on estimates of individual costs without any knowledge of commercial arrangements based on bulk – we've no real way of knowing how much Oculus paid or are paying long term for these parts.
In short, this is an interesting breakdown of the physical makeup of the Oculus Rift headset and included component, but as the saying goes – any VR ‘system' (as by definition hardware cannot work on its own) is more than the sum of those physical parts. The true cost of getting an individual Oculus Rift to a consumer is something we can only speculate over.
Due to the necessity of re-organising our production, we are not taking orders for the following item at the moment, we apologise for the inconvenience.
As the previous one it is based on the earlier models with a very simple hilt, this time around a bit sturdier.
The blade is hollow ground to keep the weight down and compensate the extra weight for the 2mm edges. The tip is broad and full thickness to be safe enough and easy to slide an extra rubber protection on top. The blade flexes enough to be safe but not too much to be unsuitable for accurate techniques.
Price for this first period will be £230 + shipping
The specs:
Weight: c. 1 kg
Length: 106 cm - 42"
Width: 24 cm - 9"½
Blade lenght: 92 cm - 36"
Blade width: 3.5 cm - 1"½
PoB: 10 cm - 3"¾
Donald Trump Jr. (Shutterstock)
It appears that now, even editors at Steve Bannon's conservative website privately believe Donald Trump Jr. is guilty of colluding with the Russians — while defending him in print.
According to CNN, Breitbart London's editor-in-chief Raheem Kassam is privately concerned about Donald Trump, Jr.'s emails.
“So like, this is straight up collusion, right?” Kassam wrote in a transcript of the company's internal Slack channel obtained by CNN.
The message of anxiety reportedly came in the minutes after Trump Jr. released the email chain setting up his meeting with a Russian lawyer poised to give him “dirt” on Hillary Clinton — a move that appeared to be an attempt to “get ahead” of a New York Times piece where he also disclosed the emails.
But Kassam denied he thought Trump Jr. was guilty.
“CNN took a tongue in cheek question, in a private context and setting, and isolated one line to make it look like a statement of fact or judgement,” he told The Daily Caller. “Frankly, it speaks to their penchant for fake news that they'd do this, and I'm flattered they place such a high value on my sardonic questions.”
Kassam wasn't the only Breitbart employee who reacted to the news: senior editor Rebecca Mansour responded only with the word “wow,” while deputy politics editor Rebecca House simply wrote “???????” to voice her astonishment.
The Boston Marathon bombing suspect was captured alive but wounded Friday night after police found him holed up in a boat in a suburban backyard following a bloody rampage and a daylong manhunt, law enforcement sources said.
The arrest of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, ended five days of terror sowed by the double bombing at the marathon finish line, which killed three people, wounded 176 and left the city of Boston on edge.
"We got him," Boston Mayor Tom Menino tweeted.
"CAPTURED!!! The hunt is over. The search is done. The terror is over. And justice has won," the Boston Police Department said on its Twitter account.
Cops cheered as the suspect was taken into custody in Watertown, Mass., just before 9 p.m. Later, the people of Watertown flooded the streets, cheering every passing police car and armored vehicle in an impromptu parade. Chants of "USA! USA!" broke out. In Boston, people danced on the streets outside Fenway Park.
(Read More: Who Are the Suspects?)
Police cornered Tsarnaev -- a naturalized U.S. citizen of Chechen origin -- around 7 p.m., less than an hour after police lifted a stay-indoors order for the city and its suburbs.
A resident had gone outside to smoke and noticed a tarp on the boat was flapping, a relative told NBC News. When he went to investigate, he saw what looked like a curled-up person and bloody clothes.
The man "freaked out," ran into the house and called police, the relative said.
Thermal imaging from helicopters confirmed there was a person in the boat, officials said.
(Read More: How Facial Recognition Could Help Catch Criminals)
Pietermaritzburg - President Jacob Zuma believes the African National Congress comes before the country.
"I argued one time with someone who said the country comes first and I said as much as I understand that I think my organisation, the ANC, comes first," he said in his capacity as party president at the ANC KwaZulu-Natal elective conference on Saturday.
"Because those people, if they are not part of the ANC and there was no ANC they could be misled. They could be under... oppression forever."
He said the country needed a conscious organisation which could take the people "to their destination".
"The people without a revolutionary organisation, they can be in trouble, like many who have been in trouble."
Zuma said ANC members needed to understand themselves and the organisation.
The party did not count on individuals.
An article in the New York Times last week tallied up the number of times President Obama has attended church while in office: more than Reagan, less than Bush, and when it comes to all presidents, probably somewhere in between. The piece sought to make a broader point about the president's religiosity based on these rough metrics--but that equation misses a lot else in the process. So I thought it might be illuminating to provide just a glimmer of Obama's faith, a few moments out of many that stood out to me over the years of working and praying with our president.
One of my favorite memories in church with Obama was from 2007, at Brown Chapel A.M.E. in Selma, Alabama. The young senator was at Brown Chapel to worship and mark the anniversary of Bloody Sunday, the day in 1965 when civil rights activists faced dogs and batons as they marched from Selma to Montgomery.
Obama took the pulpit to deliver a powerful sermon–one of my favorites, later called “The Joshua Generation” speech, in which he masterfully linked his own diverse lineage, the Civil Rights movement of the 50s and 60s, the journey of the people of Israel from Egypt to Canaan, and the political moment of that day.
But it was what happened before his formal remarks that really stood out to me. We staff had prepared a standard “acknowledgments card” for Obama to read, with the names of clergy, elected officials, and other dignitaries to thank before his speech. He read those acknowledgments but when he was finished, Senator Obama said there was one more person who hadn't been recognized.
He looked out into the packed congregation and saw a wizened face sitting several pews back, an old man who looked to be well north of 80 years. None of the other speakers had noticed the man at that point, and we had not introduced him to Senator Obama before the service began. But Obama pointed to him and said, “and finally friends, here with us today is Dr. C.T. Vivian. Let's pause and thank him. That's the man Dr. Martin Luther King called the greatest preacher to ever live.”
Vivian's smile grew wide and eyes teary at the unexpected acknowledgment. Several of us marveled at how we had missed the great Dr. Vivian–whose activism precipitated the 1965 march in the first place–and how Obama had picked his face out from so many others in the crowd. It was a beautiful nod across generations, a pause from that pulpit that I'll never forget.
There were many other remarkable moments of worship. I remember being at Allen Chapel A.M.E. in Washington for Easter services in 2010, when the entire Obama family–Barack, Michelle, Malia, Sasha, and Ms. Robinson–knelt to take the bread and wine of communion. A week earlier, a drive-by shooting had rocked that same neighborhood, taking five lives and injuring four. The First Family's attendance at that Easter service added a bit of temporal healing in that community to the eternal hope symbolized by Christ's body and blood.
There was also the private inauguration service last year, where Pastor Andy Stanley told the story of the Last Supper, and Jesus washing the disciples' feet. Nearly every influential politician in America was in that room; they would all take the dais at the inauguration just hours later. But they began their day hearing a pastor implore them to lead with humility, as Jesus did, even to the point of washing feet.
There were the Sundays that President Obama would walk with his family across the North Lawn of the White House and then through Lafayette Park, to hear a sermon at St. John's Episcopal Church. I'd staff them and watch as the First Family “passed the peace” with those in front and behind their pews (“The Lord be with you!” “And also with you!”), and smile as we read along with the official Episcopal Church liturgy that prayed each Sunday for “Barack, our President.” Inevitably, when it came time for the congregation to line up and take communion, a young child would walk by the First Family in awe, and his or her parents would have to gently urge them to move along, as we all smiled.
There was the beautiful, worshipful music the president heard over the years–patting his feet to the choir at Zion Baptist Church, or singing along with the young people of the Children of the Gospel Choir at Washington's National Cathedral. When the singer Ledisi, one of the First Lady's favorites, sang “I Feel Like Goin' On” during a service last year, there was hardly a dry eye in the place.
As much as the president enjoyed simply attending church and worshipping with fellow believers, he has taken the pulpit himself a few times as well. One moment was at Vermont Avenue Baptist Church in 2010, when he delivered a sermon on Martin Luther King Jr. Day that reflected on how faith compels us to work for justice in the world, and what the president's own faith in God means to him.
And Obama even brought church into the White House. Three years ago the president began a tradition that few know about, and one that had never occurred before: he started hosting an Easter Prayer Breakfast, a moment of worship each year specifically with Christian leaders. There had been Passover Seders before and White House Iftars, events for Diwali, and services for other religious and non-religious traditions as well. But no president had gathered the Christian community specifically to mark its holiest day, and President Obama decided that an Easter event was past due. So he organized this breakfast, invited diverse Christian leaders from around the country, and offered brief remarks about what the death and resurrection of Jesus meant to him.
In 2010 Obama explained “what draws me to this holy day and what lesson I take from Christ's sacrifice.” In 2011 he reflected on “The triumph of Palm Sunday. The humility of Jesus washing the disciples' feet. His slow march up that hill, and the pain and the scorn and the shame of the cross …” In 2012, he pondered what it must have been like for Jesus in the Garden of Gethsemane facing his own mortality, concluding, “It is only because Jesus conquered His own anguish, conquered His fear, that we're able to celebrate the resurrection …” And last year, in 2013, he shared with the audience what it was like for him to visit the Church of Nativity in Bethlehem, saying, “as I approached the Altar of the Nativity, as I neared the 14-pointed Silver Star that marks the spot where Christ was born, the Patriarch of Jerusalem welcomed me to, in his words, ‘the place where heaven and Earth met.'”
From these Easter services to quiet moments of worship in local pews, I could go on and on with dozens of stories about the Obama family's sincere practice of faith. But in some ways, that's not the point. The reality is, many of us have experienced similar sacred, private moments, pauses in our lives when the busyness of work and family melts away into brief encounters with the divine. No hash-marked tally of church attendance can reflect the importance of these moments for us, nor can it for President Obama. Perhaps instead of counting up the number of times he kneels and prays on Sundays, we should allow him and his family to worship as they please, and simply pray that God will sustain them, and sustain us, in these thrilling, challenging times.
Picks from the Past: November 1989
The Creation Myths of Cooperstown Or why the Cardiff Giants are an unbeatable and appropriately named team.
New York State Historical Association
From S.J.G.'s "This View of Life" column
You may either look upon the bright side and say that hope springs eternal or, taking the cynic's part, you may mark P. T. Barnum as an astute psychologist for his proclamation that suckers are born every minute. The end result is the same: you can, Honest Abe notwithstanding, fool most of the people all of the time. How else to explain the long and continuing compendium of hoaxes—from the medieval shroud of Turin to Edwardian Piltdown Man to an ultramodern array of flying saucers and astral powers—eagerly embraced for their consonance with our hopes or their resonance with our fears?
Some hoaxes make a sufficient mark upon history that their products acquire the very status initially claimed by fakery-legitimacy (although as an object of human or folkloric, rather than natural, history. I once held the bones of Piltdown Man and felt that I was handling an important item of Western culture).
The Cardiff Giant, the best American entry for the title of paleontological hoax turned into cultural history, now lies on display in a shed behind a barn at the Farmer's Museum in Cooperstown, New York. This gypsum man, more than ten feet tall, was “discovered” by workmen digging a well on a farm near Cardiff, New York, in October 1869. Eagerly embraced by a gullible public, and ardently displayed by its creators at fifty cents a pop, the Cardiff Giant caused quite a brouhaha around Syracuse, and then nationally, for the few months of its active life between exhumation and exposure.
The Cardiff Giant was the brainchild of George Hull, a cigar manufacturer (and general rogue) from Binghamton, New York. He quarried a large block of gypsum from Fort Dodge, Iowa, and shipped it to Chicago, where two marble cutters fashioned the rough likeness of a naked man. Hull made some crude and minimal attempts to give his statue an aged appearance. He chipped off the carved hair and beard because experts told him that such items would not petrify. He drove darning needles into a wooden block and hammered the statue, hoping to simulate skin pores. Finally, he dumped a gallon of sulfuric acid all over his creation to simulate extended erosion. Hull then shipped his giant in a large box back to Cardiff.
Hull, as an accomplished rogue, sensed that his story could not hold for long and, in that venerable and alliterative motto, got out while the getting was good. He sold a three-quarter interest in the Cardiff Giant to a consortium of highly respectable businessmen, including two former mayors of Syracuse. These men raised the statue from its original pit on November 5 and carted it off to Syracuse for display.
The hoax held on for a few more weeks, and Cardiff Giant fever swept the land. Debate raged in newspapers and broadsheets between those who viewed the giant as a petrified fossil and those who regarded it as a statue wrought by an unknown and wondrous prehistoric race. But Hull had left too many tracks—at the gypsum quarries in Fort Dodge, at the carver's studio in Chicago, along the roadways to Cardiff (several people remembered seeing an awfully large box passing on a cart just days before the supposed discovery). By December, Hull was ready to recant, but held his tongue a while longer. Three months later, the two Chicago sculptors came forward, and the Cardiff Giant's brief rendezvous with fame and fortune ended.
The common analogy of the Cardiff Giant with Piltdown Man works only to a point (both were frauds passed off as human fossils) and fails in one crucial respect. Piltdown was cleverly wrought and fooled professionals for forty years, while the Cardiff Giant was preposterous from the start. How could a man turn to solid gypsum, while preserving all his soft anatomy, from cheeks to toes to penis? Geologists and paleontologists never accepted Hull's statue. O. C. Marsh, later to achieve great fame as a discoverer of dinosaurs, echoed a professional consensus in his unambiguous pronouncement: “It is of very recent origin and a decided humbug.”
Why, then, was the Cardiff Giant so popular, inspiring a wave of interest and discussion as high as any tide in the affairs of men during its short time in the sun? If the fraud had been well executed, we might attribute this great concern to the dexterity of the hoaxers (just as we grant grudging attention to a few of the most accomplished art fakers for their skills as copyists). But since the Cardiff Giant was so crudely done, we can only attribute its fame to the deep issue, the raw nerve, touched by the subject of its fakery—human origins. Link an absurd concoction to a noble and mysterious subject and you may prevail, at least for a while. My opening reference to P. T. Barnum was not meant sarcastically; he was one of the great practical psychologists of the nineteenth century—and his motto applies with special force to the Cardiff Giant: “No humbug is great without truth at bottom.” (Barnum made a copy of the Cardiff Giant and exhibited it in New York City. His mastery of hype and publicity assured that his model far outdrew the “real” fake when the original went on display at a rival establishment in the same city.)
For some reason (to be explored, but not resolved, in this essay), we are powerfully drawn to the subject of beginnings. We yearn to know about origins, and we readily construct myths when we do not have data (or we suppress data in favor of legend when a truth strikes us as too commonplace). The hankering after an origin myth has always been especially strong for the closest subject of all—the human race. But we extend the same psychic need to our accomplishments and institutions—and we have origin myths and stories for the beginning of hunting, of language, of art, of kindness, of war, of boxing, bowties, and brassieres. Most of us know that the Great Seal of the United States pictures an eagle holding a ribbon reading e pluribus unum. Fewer would recognize the motto on the other side (check it out on the back of a dollar bill): annuit coeptis—“he smiles on our beginnings.”
Cooperstown may house the Cardiff Giant, but the fame of this small village in central New York does not rest upon its celebrated namesake, author James Fenimore, or its lovely Lake Otsego or the Farmer's Museum. Cooperstown is “on the map” by virtue of a different origin myth—one more parochial, but no less powerful, for many Americans, than the tales of human beginnings that gave life to the Cardiff Giant. Cooperstown is the sacred founding place in the official myth about the origin of baseball.
IN THE ideal world of economics, firms that take excessive risks go bankrupt, their competitors pick up the pieces and the economy marches on. Some call it "creative destruction." In the real world, certain financial institutions are so big and so interconnected that their collapse -- no matter how richly deserved -- threatens plain old destructive destruction. Government steps in, with taxpayer money, to prevent that.
The problem of "too big to fail" is at the heart of the current crisis, in a double sense. Despite government disavowals, the perception that the feds would bail out the likes of Bear Stearns or Fannie Mae permitted such firms to pile on risk without corresponding discipline from the market, thus hastening the ultimate collapse. And, once the downward spiral began, the Federal Reserve and Treasury, armed with uncertain legal authority, faced a series of ad hoc choices as to which institutions to bail out and how.
Draft legislation before the House Financial Services Committee, which the Obama administration supports, rests on the assumption that too-big-to-fail is not only a reality but a reality that should be acknowledged in law. It seeks, in effect, to shape market perceptions by designating certain institutions, including not only banks but major players in the "shadow banking" sector, as eligible for government-led winding-down in a crisis.
In return for that security, they would face tighter regulation and higher capital requirements, so as to make it less likely that they would ever need a bailout in the first place. The measure prescribes procedures for any "resolutions" that might prove unavoidable. Among the bill's novel concepts is making financial institutions pay into a common fund to resolve failed giants, so taxpayers don't have to. Yet while it is logical to admit the reality of too-big-to-fail, it is difficult to create the right mix of preventive incentives. For example: Should institutions pay into the insurance fund before one of them collapses, or after? Sheila Bair, chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., favors the former, so the government won't have to squeeze Wall Street in the middle of a panic. Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner favors the latter, so that institutions have an incentive to stay out of trouble in the first place. The Federal Reserve would take a bigger role in policing strategic institutions. This will make good use of the Fed's expertise and independence -- unless it erodes both by exposing the central bank to constant lobbying.
Policymakers seem to have rejected former Fed chairman Paul Volcker's proposal to separate commercial banks, which would enjoy a measure of government guarantee in return for heavy regulation of their risk-taking, from investment banks and other non-bank financial players, which would be free to trade in risky assets on the understanding that there would be no bailout. In theory, this would clarify market signals, thus restoring market discipline. Yet even under this plan the market might try to call the government's bluff. When it comes to solving the dilemma of too-big-to-fail, no one has a certain template -- and all participants in the coming debate would be well-advised to remember that.
By Helen Briggs
Health reporter, BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement Scientists have discovered that a blind person can navigate through a maze of obstacles unaided using undiscovered sensory pathways alone. The man, left blind by a stroke, was able to walk around chairs and boxes without bumping into them using hidden pathways in the brain. The study suggests we all use subconscious brain resources and can do things we think we are unable to do. The Harvard Medical School research is published in Current Biology.
These are very exciting findings but it will require further research
Sonal Rughani, RNIB
The patient, known only as TN, was left blind after damage to the visual (striate) cortex in both hemispheres of the brain following consecutive strokes. His eyes are normal but his brain cannot process the information they send in, rendering him totally blind. However, he was previously known to have what is called "blindsight" - the ability to detect things in the environment without being aware of seeing them. For instance, he responds to the facial expressions of others. But he walks like a blind person, using a stick to track obstacles and requiring guidance by others when walking around buildings. A video recording shows him completing the obstacle course set up by the scientists "flawlessly", without the aid of his cane or another person. Lead researcher Dr Beatrice de Gelder of Tilburg University, The Netherlands, and Harvard Medical School, US, said TN was "not aware of doing anything exceptional" and thought all he had done was walk straight ahead along a long corridor. It is an important message for those with brain damage in particular, she said. "You can experience a total loss of your cortical vision but still retain some capacity to move around inside and out without damage to yourself," she told the BBC. "It shows us the importance of these evolutionary ancient visual paths. They contribute more than we think they do for us to function in the real world." The research was carried out together with colleagues in the UK, Switzerland and Italy. Sonal Rughani, optometrist and senior advisor to the UK charity, the RNIB, said it was a striking observation, and further evidence that the brain is very flexible. But she said relatively few numbers of people were left blind through brain injury, and most people with sight problems following a stroke could be helped by complex therapy regimes. "These are very exciting findings but it will require further research," she added.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As NOAA has endured a series of Congressional attacks this fall for its climate change research, the agency's administrator, Kathryn Sullivan, has largely remained silent. But the former astronaut's wingmate for two spaceflights, Charles Bolden, has not been so reticent. The NASA administrator this week continued to blister Congress for its tack on climate change science.
After delivering a keynote speech on the commercialization of space at the SpaceCom conference in Houston Tuesday, Bolden talked to Ars about his own agency's Earth science research. He also addressed the efforts by Texas Congressman Lamar Smith, who chairs the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, to obtain the e-mails of NOAA climate scientists, in which Smith expects to find political influence and perhaps fraud.
“I don't think scientists will be intimidated by the subpoenas and everything else,” Bolden said. “That may be its intent, but I don't think it will work. It's peoples' life's work, and they're not just going to walk away because somebody threatens them with a subpoena to appear before the Congress of the United States. They'll probably welcome it, to be quite honest.”
Bolden, a four-time astronaut, was selected into the corps two years after Sullivan. During STS-31 in 1990, he was the pilot of a mission in which Sullivan helped deploy the Hubble Space Telescope. Two years later, he commanded STS-45, in which Sullivan was a mission specialist during a nine-day flight focused on scientific research.
The administrator, appointed by President Obama in 2009, has made Earth science one of NASA's priorities in recent years. The topic became an especially bright flash point this year after the president requested $1.95 billion for NASA's Earth science budget in 2016, and congressional appropriators countered with $500 million less than the president's request. Republican Senator Ted Cruz was a particularly harsh critic, saying the agency's Earth science budget had increased by 41 percent from 2009 to 2016. NASA, Cruz said, should focus on its “core mission” of exploring space.
However, on Tuesday Bolden countered that he was simply trying to restore NASA's Earth-study funding to levels that existed under the Reagan administration. “If you look at where we were for Earth science, even back in the Reagan administration, we're trying to get it back there now,” Bolden said. “A $500 million reduction in Earth science funding interrupts the trajectory of getting the Earth science budget back to where it used to be.”
Many of the cuts to Earth science came during the George W. Bush administration. According to a 2008 report by NASA's Office of Inspector General, funding for the agency's Earth sciences program was reduced by 37% percent from 2001 through 2006. In reports since then, such as in the 2007 Earth science decadal survey, scientists have urged NASA to restore those cuts in order to ensure a robust program to observe the planet.
Earth science remains a relatively small piece of NASA's overall expenditures. Since 2009, the president has asked for a total of $107 billion for NASA's budget, of which $49 billion was spent on human spaceflight work. Only about $11 billion went to Earth science, which paid for 21 research missions to study everything from weather and climate to natural disasters.
During the interview, Bolden said he was disappointed but not surprised by the actions of Congress.
“It's not frustrating,” he said. “It's disappointing to see that happening. But in the end I think truth will win out. There are certain things that everyone understands. The climate is changing. We don't know what it all means, but we're trying to understand that. Our job is to try and provide data so that really smart people can advise people like the president, like members of Congress, if they're interested in being advised. The Congress has a responsibility to be open to advice also. And I think when they continue to ignore facts about the climate, that's to our detriment. It's not to theirs, it's to the detriment of the nation.”
Congress is expected to finalize its budget for NASA as part of an overall appropriation bill early next month.
Presumably after laughing off the warnings of Crazy Ralph, the operators of Camp No-Be-Bo-Sco in Hardwick, New Jersey have decided to open the grounds to the public and offer rare tours of the property. Beyond a chance to see what sort of things Boy Scouts get to do while camping these days, this is also notable because Camp No-Be-Bo-Sco was the location used for filming the original Camp Crystal Lake in the first Friday The 13th movie. If you believe the stories, it's also where a little boy named Jason drowned because the people who were supposed to be watching him were having sex, but that's probably not true (and it's definitely no reason to suspect that local resident Pamela Voorhees has been murdering teenagers for revenge).
This comes from Bloody Disgusting, which says that the camp will be holding its next public tour (the fourth one ever, apparently) on—get this—Friday, October 13. The number of available tickets will be “very limited,” but anyone who has spent $50 on No-Be-Bo-Sco merchandise from January 1 to the day the tickets go on sale will get priority notice. You'll have to sign up for the camp's mailing list to know when that is, though.
Advertisement
The Bloody Disgusting post doesn't say if the camp has specifically confirmed that any and all naked teens will be slowly picked off, one by one, until only a single girl is left alive to find their bodies, but it's probably safe to assume that something like that will happen. Also, here's a helpful tip: If you are that last girl, don't just drift off in a boat when you think you've beaten the killer—whoever it may be—once and for all. You will be dragged into the lake for one last scare.
Getty Images
Midway through the second quarter of Sunday's game in Washington, Kirk Cousins looked like he could be heading toward a benching. Instead, he was heading toward an NFC offensive player of the week award.
Cousins bounced back from a fumble that the Buccaneers returned for a touchdown to take a 24-0 lead and led Washington to a dramatic 31-30 win.
It's the first player of the week award for Cousins, who completed 33 of 40 passes for 317 yards, with three touchdowns and no interceptions.
Questions remain about whether Cousins is the long-term answer on a team that has seen coach Jay Gruden flip-flop from Robert Griffin III to Cousins to Colt McCoy, back to RGIII and then to Cousins again. But there's no question that after Washington dug a big hole on Sunday, Cousins played a great game to dig his team out of it. That should buy him some time as the starter.
Doctors, nurses and bosses say proposal adds to already heavy workload and could hit people who are homeless or without ID
Doctors, nurses and NHS managers have condemned government plans to make hospital patients produce their passport before being treated as unworkable and a burden on overworked staff that will not raise the £500m a year ministers hope.
There are also fears that marginalised groups – such as people who are homeless and the 13% of the population who do not have a passport – will find it harder to access care if the policy, currently operating only at the Peterborough and Stamford hospitals NHS foundation trust, becomes commonplace.
Despite growing anxiety among NHS staff, the Department of Health said the policy – which its top mandarin admits is “controversial” – might still be rolled out nationally. It is keen for the NHS to increase dramatically the amount of money it recovers from people who are ineligible for free care from £73m in 2012-13 to its target of £500m a year.
Doctors threaten to boycott plan for patients to show ID at hospitals Read more
Jon Restell, chief executive of Managers in Partnership, the union which represents health service managers, said: “Managers are worried about the unintended consequences for health inequalities, as marginalised groups may find it harder to access healthcare; for public health, where there are currently exemptions, for example around crisis mental health, TB and HIV. Will these continue?
“They are also worried about reciprocal arrangements with other countries. Is now the right time, at the start of Brexit negotiations, to be making these policy changes? What may be the impact on British citizens overseas?”
The likelihood that some patients would not have the two forms of identity envisaged by the Department of Health would create problems, Restell added.
“Who is accountable for the care of a patient who can't show ID? What happens if their condition subsequently worsens, possibly foreseeably, as a result of being turned away?” he asked, adding: “ID checks are likely to create delays in clinics and elsewhere as ID is checked and queries resolved.”
Restell also said the scheme was overly bureaucratic: “Most elective work [non-urgent care in hospitals] comes via referral from general practice, where registration requires eligibility checks. Why create a second check?”
NHS managers doubt ID checks would generate any extra money beyond what is already received from overseas visitors and governments under existing arrangements.
“The system may well cost more to administer than the extra income it generates. Managers believe government underestimates how complicated this would be administratively. While we do not think it would necessarily burden clinical staff in practice, it would lead to delays and costs,” said Restell.
“The whole issue raises unresolved ethical questions about eligibility for healthcare and about compatibility with the values of the NHS and its staff.”
Passports for NHS access plan: what are the implications? Read more
The annual income that Peterborough and Stamford trust received from chargeable patients rose from £92,500 to £250,000 after it introduced identity checks in May 2013. Its total budget is £261m. The trust says 95% of invoices were recouped last year, compared with 37% in 2012. NHS bosses told MPs this week that the scheme “had made a big difference”.
But the trust admitted that no formal evaluation of the scheme had been carried out, saying four staff members awere employed on it, though they only spent a quarter of their time processing fees and pursuing unpaid bills. But the trust would not say how much the scheme costs, other than to say it did not outweigh the total income raised through charges.
Although some reports suggested passports would have to be shown to guarantee entitlement to free NHS treatment, they are not required in every case. Residents and EEA visitors who have lived in the UK for the past 12 months must provide two forms of ID such as a utility bill or payslip. If patients have not lived in the UK for the past 12 months, a passport or ID card is required.
Although the regulations enable an NHS trust to refuse treatment on the grounds that a patient requiring a non-urgent clinical intervention did not qualify for free treatment, Peterborough said it had never turned away a patient who said they were unable to pay.
Non-qualifying patients who do not pay invoices of more than £500 are reported to immigration and debt collectors are sometimes used.
Nurses said they were already too busy to help administer such a scheme and do not want to be distracted from looking after patients. Stephanie Aiken, the Royal College of Nursing's deputy director of nursing, said: “Nurses and other staff on the frontline go to work to care for patients. While we recognise that the NHS is under extraordinary financial pressure, taking clinical staff away from the core job of treating patients is not the solution and must not be allowed to happen. Patient care must always be prioritised ahead of any administrative procedures.”
NHS passport-checking might save a few pence – at the cost of our humanity | Diane Taylor Read more
Sources at the NHS Confederation, which represents the NHS trusts who may have to implement the policy, said hospital bosses were “conscious of the practical and administrative burdens it would put on the NHS”.
A National Audit Office report last month estimated that hospitals are failing to collect about £200m from patients who should have paid for their treatment. But the chair of the British Medical Association, Dr Mark Porter, said: “We have got an NHS with a deficit approaching 100 times that amount opening up over the course of this parliament. This is little other than a pinprick on top of the actual problems facing the NHS.”
Charges only apply to non-urgent, planned care, not treatment in A&E. Dr Taj Hassan, president of the Royal College of Emergency Medicine, which represents A&E doctors, warned against changing that demarcation.
He said: “We do not believe the proposed plans to require patients to show identification before receiving treatment could extend to the emergency department, due to their sheer impracticality. However, if the plans include the ED, then we would be failing our patients on an ethical level. The patient's health is – and must always be – the most important thing, not where they are from.”
The Department of Health said: “The NHS is a national – not an international –health service and we are determined to stamp out abuse of the system to ensure it remains free at the point of need in this country.
“We consulted earlier this year on extending the charging of migrants and visitors using the NHS. We will set out further steps in due course to ensure we deliver on our objective to recover up to £500 million a year by the middle of this parliament.”
‘The dream should be treated as a fact, about which one should make no previous assumptions except that it somehow makes sense' Carl Jung, Man and His Symbols (Picador, 1978)
Picture the biggest pie you've ever seen. Now double it. Double it again. Keep doubling it until the crimping of the pastry crust is the mirage of a distant landmass on the horizon. The air is hot, and smells of strawberries. Golden pastry stretches for hundreds of miles in every direction, only broken now and again by a rich vein of red oozing forth from a crack, or pooling in a crater and smoking like blood.
In the distance, you see a faint shimmer of sunlight reflecting off something metallic. It's a digger – an enormous, hulking digger, on treads, caterpillaring its way across the crunching floor. As it draws closer you see that it's only one of many, the vanguard in a fleet of diggers, all yellow and black. You start to feel uneasy.
There's a hint of burning petrol in the air now, mixing with the hot strawberry smell to create a heady, industrial stickiness that clings to your lungs. Your breaths get shorter. The diggers get closer. They stop. They're enormous, elephant-sized, and for a moment they just sit there in a line in front of you, engines chugging, until at some unseen signal their toothed buckets start to descend. You turn and run.
Behind you there's a sound like a giant filing his fingernails; a great scraping of metal on sugar-crust. The ground beneath you starts to tilt, and you're running uphill – the air is so hot it's unbearable, and as a great whoosh of strawberry steam envelopes you from behind you fall, and are slipping, and are swallowed – and the curtain falls.
I had that dream recurrently for a number of months when I was maybe five years old. After I'd woken, those diggers were projected into the shadow-theatre of my room, and I'd even start to see the drivers of those demonic vehicles dancing around my bed: black skulls with red eyes.
These days, the ‘bad' dreams that I have are far darker, bloodier and awful, and just as before their denizens climb out of my eyes and into my bedroom, as if from flickering TV screens, and dance the Danse Macabre around my bed. Surgeons opening wounds instead of binding them; vampire magicians who can drain my blood from a papercut with a touch; spiders and scorpions and many legged creatures who scurry from behind my eyelids and out into the humid, summer night.
A nightmare can seem like an intruder, a house invader, something incomprehensible and alien. But once you realise that the images in your head are native to the land in which they reside, and accept that they do make sense in some way (even if you can't see what that sense is), though they may still terrify, that terror is bearable because it is a natural response to an intelligible language.
‘Almost any difficulty can be borne if we can discern its meaning. It is meaninglessness that is the greatest threat to humanity.' Edward Edinger, Ego and Archetype (Shambhala, 1992)
Dream images can be so powerful that they're not even bound to one individual. Nightmares are no exception. For over a decade I remembered with great awe a dream in which I was walking slowly down a corridor in some catacombs. Niches in the walls were occupied by women with looms and spinning wheels, silently working. They paid me no heed as I shivered by. On and on the corridor went, until I came to a door. Pushing it open, I found myself in a hexagonal room. The floor, ceiling, and walls were made of coffins. The door behind me disappeared, and it was bone-quiet. Slowly, silently, a coffin at the head of the room emerged from the wall like a shelf in a morgue, and I watched with horror as the lid opened, and the face of Satan slid forth into the room.
I can still see every aspect of that dream as if it were yesterday. But it wasn't yesterday, and it wasn't my dream. From conversations I've had with him, I've discovered that this was in fact the dream of an old school friend, relayed to me at the time, and so resonant that my psyche assimilated it into memory as my own. Here we see a further beauty of the nightmare, and the collective unconscious in action: one stone was cast, but the ripples spread into a neighbouring pool, and on the shoreline were immortalised by the painter Memory into image. Not an intruder or invader, but a traveller from distant lands, this nightmare reminds me of the bonds of the collective unconscious that bind us all together.
Often it is only the language of images spoken by the unconscious that can adequately portray the psychic reality of our lives in a way that compels us to action. Several years ago, I was in an abusive relationship. I won't go into details, only to say that it was deeply manipulative: transcripts of our conversations could fit quite happily into the gaslighting playbook. I was made to feel that I couldn't trust myself; that my perceptions were wrong; that my partner was a patient innocent who put up with my suspicions.
Very early on in this relationship, I started to have dreams of spiders scurrying around my bed. I would wake up and they wouldn't go away; they burrowed under the duvet, crawled up the walls and followed me as I fled, out into the living room. It would take minutes before they melted away and the nakedness of the flat returned.
And so the relationship continued, and the spiders got bigger. I felt tormented, possessed, ensnared; and then one night, at the apex of this feeling, in a cold sweat and crouching on the sofa, I realised why the weaving legs and half-glimpsed bodies were so terrifying: because they were real. The cumulative effect of these dreams gave me the impetus I needed, and with the help of my friends I pulled myself free of the great web in which I was caught.
Five years later, this person tried to get back into contact with me repeatedly, and I regressed into compliance. Even though there was a great fear in the pit of my stomach, I came close to replying, to letting them back in. “I'll just scope things out”, I reasoned with myself, “see what they have to say. I'll be in control”. But I decided to sleep on it.
That night, I woke up to a behemoth spider hovering over my bed. Its legs extended to the four corners of the ceiling, and its body cast a shadow over everything. I flung myself, crouching, to the floor and ran from the bedroom to the corridor, where I stayed until I was sure it had gone. I don't remember the rest of the night, but I do remember that in the morning I couldn't stop laughing. My unconscious had seen the danger when I, with my rationalisations, was ready to walk into the Heffalump trap all over again. With that waking nightmare, my mind was made up and, clear of any lingering feeling of responsibility, I was hallowed. I was free.
Like any other dream, the nightmare is both an expression of our individual psyche, and proof of our shared unconscious. Like any other dream images, those that make up the nightmare are part of a language. They're not always immediately identifiable; often they're not consciously identifiable at all. That doesn't matter. Respecting them for what they are is enough. Knowing that they aren't intruders, that they are a part of you, and that they do – in some way – make sense is immensely comforting.
So, long life to the spiders, the scorpions, and the molten strawberry pies – to the secret language of our sleeping minds.
Sweet dreams.
A 6'7 fitness trainer has gained thousands of swooning fans across the globe after a Twitter user spotted an image of his very hunky frame online and compared it to a large tree - earning him the viral nickname 'Tree Man'.
Danny Jones, 31, is a personal trainer from Southern California, who has a popular Instagram account where he regularly shows off his hulking 275lb frame.
Recently, the account caught the eye of Twitter user @vickto_willy, who shared a pair of images on her own account, including one of Danny struggling to duck under a ceiling while climbing down the stairs, and another of him dwarfing every appliance in a kitchen.
Scroll down for video
Tall guy problems: Danny Jones, 31, a personal trainer from Southern California, has become an online sensation thanks to his size
Just hanging out: Danny is 6'7 and has a 275lb frame that has led to some social media users to dub him 'Tree Man'
Picking it up: He caught the eye of Twitter user @vickto_willy, who shared this pair of images, which have since gone viral
'This not a man, this is a tree,' she wrote along with the pair of images.
Somehow the images make Danny appear even taller than his lofty 6'7, and quickly grabbed the attention of other users on the site.
While his sheer size was the initial joke of the tweet, what followed was a stream of new fans commenting on Danny's good looks, with plenty of variations of: 'I'd climb that tree.'
Showing off: The user later directed fans to Danny's Instagram account, where he shares plenty of scantily clad photos for his followers
Handy: Some users marveled at Danny's ability to fix lighting fixtures without so much as standing on his tiptoes
Big man: The original tweet has been shared more than 21,000 times and gained 38,000 likes
Little to the imagination: Those directed to his Instagram were also treated to photos of the fitness trainer walking around the house in nothing but skintight underwear
Of course, some of the cruder users went straight to speculations over a particular part of his anatomy using gifs, such as one of a hamster nibbling a banana.
Others marveled at his ability to use his size around the house, such as changing ceiling light bulbs or fixing high-up appliances without needing a stepladder.
SO far, the tweet has been shared more than 21,000 times and gained over 38,000 likes.
Later on, @vikto_willy took to Twitter once again to share with her followers the identity of 'Tree Man'.
'Here's his @. Go plant some seeds,' she wrote, including Danny's Instagram handle.
Covering up, kind of: The former basketball player's size led some cruder users to speculate about a certain part of his anatomy
A bit of a squeeze: Danny looks comical as he tries to fit his muscular frame into a tiny airplane bathroom
Barely fit: This bed looks much smaller than it likely is with Danny laying on top of it
What was in store for fans enthralled by the two viral images was plenty more, even more revealing shots, including ones of Danny traipsing around his house in his underwear or showing off his muscles in the gym.
Danny was none the wiser until he woke up the next day with thousands of new fans on Instagram, he told Daily Mail Online.
'So, the last 24 hours has been absolutely crazy. I went to bed the night before last just like any other but woke up to 8k new Instagram followers. I thought it was a glitch in the system,' he said. 'I already had a fairly large following, but that rate of growth was unheard of. I had NO idea where all these people came from.
'Then, I started getting tons of "tree" comments, haha. I was so confused. Finally, through talking to someone in my DMs, I was linked to the [BuzzFeed] article. The Tree Man was born. It's been super fun and hilarious to see all the memes, articles and comments this is getting!'
The other day I hit a pothole so hard that the song on the radio skipped and the quarters in my cupholder turned into nickels. It's a beautiful street with lovely homes, but I imagine the residents look out the window and see cars careening past with airbags deployed from the pothole shock, the drivers' arms waving like someone being hugged by a giant marshmallow.
The pavement has that Berlin circa 1945 condition that makes you wonder what your taxes go for, anyway. The answer is simple: repairs for other roads in places you don't drive. Let's look at the new list of highway projects around the state.
I-94 eastbound: Reduced to one lane, then expanded to six lanes, then reduced to one lane, then expanded to six lanes, in honor of National Accordion Month.
Hwy. 10, Motley to Staples: A nice, new yellow line will be painted so some fool can drive through when it's wet and leave streaks everywhere that will take about a year to wear off.
I-94 east and westbound: The Frazee exit will have orange cones on the shoulder for no reason, making everyone think something big is going to happen, but nothing will. The cones will be removed July 17, and a MnDOT official will present the last cone to the mayor, kneeling and holding it out. The mayor will put the cone on his head and wear it for one day. Old-timers will tell tales about the year they didn't perform this ceremony, and locusts took away the livestock.
I-35W, Burnsville to Roseville: New lane striping, bridge-lighting upgrades to LED, new reflective signage, noise barrier decorated with mosaics and wood inlays.
I-35E: They'll get around to mowing the ditch eventually. Don't be silly, East Metro, MnDOT loves both I-35s equally.
I-35, Hinckley to Duluth: New rumble strips will be cut in the side of the road because the old ones used an alarming sound once described as “robot elephant flatulence” to alert you, but the new ones are spaced so they say “Hey! Hey!” in Morse code.
Lowry Hill Tunnel: Lane closures through 2057; inbound traffic reduced to one lane; outbound traffic reduced to tears.
I-90: Entire road dug up and replaced by MnDOT's Artistic Construction Unit. They just weren't feeling it the first time.
Kings Highway, Minneapolis: Road closed for a day to put up signs that block residents' view of people hitting trees because the potholes triggered their airbags. It's funny at first but then it's annoying.
NDTV's Prannoy Roy and others discuss what it will take to win Uttar Pradesh in 2017.
Highlights BJP has 65-55% chance of winning, shows ground report Samajwadi Party-Congress have 30-40% chance, Mayawati's BSP 5-10% Report not based on opinion or exit polls
Will 2015 Bihar 'Grand Alliance' strategy work in Uttar Pradesh 2017?
A party must get 35% of the vote share to be able to win 202 seats and get majority.
Vote-bank politics: Where BJP, BSP, SP+Congress stand
How the ruling Samajwadi Party has chosen its candidates
Will the alliance with Congress help Samajwadi Party script a sequel to its 2012 win?
How could the parties lose in 2017
Urban vs Rural vote share - Here's how parties stack up
Who has the best chance of winning the big state?
The ongoing assembly election in Uttar Pradesh has proved to be a high-octane, intense three way battle between the Samajwadi Party-Congress alliance, the BJP and Mayawati's Bahujan Samaj Party. While the Samajwadi Party aims to retain power in the state - this time with the help of the Congress, the BJP and BSP want to regain control after 15 and five years respectively. The last of the seven phases will take place in 40 constituencies across seven districts on March 8, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi's parliamentary constituency of Varanasi. The results will be declared on March 11.The election is a big test for Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, who is banking on his slogan of 'Kaam Bolta Hai' (work speaks), and his alliance partner Congress, which is in dire need of a political resurgence. The election is also seen as the first big challenge for Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the BJP, following the demonetisation drive. The party had won a whopping 71 of the 80 Lok Sabha seats in the 2014 general elections. For the Bahujan Samaj Party, it is a make or break election as they had failed to win even a single Lok Sabha seat.With the sixth phase of the poll concluding today, join NDTV's Battleground in Varanasi with Dr Prannoy Roy, Dorab Sopariwala, Shekhar Gupta, Rahul Shrivastava and Kamal Khan as they analyse the mood, trends and issues that matter most to the voters.
NEW DELHI: In India, the transaction value of mobile payments is expected to reach Rs 328 trillion by 2020 where it is expected to close at Rs 22.5 trillion in 2017-end, according to data shared by Aircel in ET Telecom's webinar. Telcos can play the role in proliferating digital payments more effectively than non-telco players in this space,” said LV Sastry , Head - Mobile Banking & Commerce, Aircel. “..therefore the need for telcos to collaborate with technology companies becomes more and more relevant.”He added that when there is roll-out of 5G leading to high bandwidth, we'll see mobile payments becoming next game changer for telcos.“With growth that we've seen in last 3-4 years we can say that by 2025, more payments will be processed by non-traditional payment service players than traditional payment and banking,” said Sastry.However, currently for telcos, the revenue share from mobile payments is negligible since at this moment, more and more investment is happening in acquisition of customers and transactions.“For telcos, it's more about providing as many services to customers to make them stay with a particular telco than looking at mobile payments as a source of revenue,” stated Sastry. Although going forward, revenue streams will open up for telcos once mass integration of wallet services, merchant adoption happens.As discussed in the webinar, success of payment solutions will require strong rationale of consumers as consumers don't want to give up current traditional regime. Also, despite recent drive of demonetisation, the merchant adoption has remained the biggest and trickiest challenge to be resolved for payments service providers.While telcos have replaced a dozen of wallets, holding on to a customer has been the biggest challenge, said Sastry.Furthermore, rise in fraudulent transactions have led to insecurity among consumers leading to slow adoption of mobile payments.But going forward, the industry will see processing costs or transaction fees coming down similar to the way industry has seen drastic reduction in costs of payment gateways, Sastry believes.On being asked about Google's latest digital payments app ‘Tez', Sastry said,”So far there are around 3000 downloads of Google Tez and the app has to still evolve to next level since there is no such innovative offering at present.”
A southern Illinois man awakened to find a spider in his bed, and it's through a glass door naked he fled.
A southern Illinois man awakened to find a spider in his bed, and it's through a glass door naked he fled.
The Evansville Courier & Press (http://bit.ly/MAfpNT ) reports that Albion police say the 20-year-old man was sleeping in the buff when he spotted the arachnid Tuesday morning and bolted from his home in the 2,000-resident town in Edwards County.
Sheriff Darby Boewe says the disoriented man apparently ran through a glass storm door during his escape, cutting his arms, legs and a finger. He was treated at a hospital.
Authorities fielded numerous reports of a bloody streaker and later found the man back at his home, where he'd donned some shorts.
It isn't clear what kind of spider he encountered.
The sheriff doesn't suspect drugs or alcohol were involved.
The US, China and the EU are expected to sign up this week to what would be the biggest tariff agreement struck at the World Trade Organisation in almost two decades.
A weekend breakthrough clears the way for barriers to be dropped globally on more than 200 types of high-tech products.
Negotiations over the 1996 Information Technology Agreement (ITA) have been stalled since last November, when US president Barack Obama announced a breakthrough in negotiations with China.
Stand-off
In the deal, the US agreed to further small concessions to China in order to help both South Korea and the EU secure their own deals with Beijing.
The new compromise brokered by the US and WTO director-general Roberto Azevedo is due to be brought to the capitals of the 80 governments in the ITA discussions for approval before a Friday deadline.
With all the remaining major players involved in the weekend breakthrough, people close to the negotiations said that deadline was now largely procedural.
“We are confident that all parties will now give formal approval to their participation in what would be the first tariff-elimination deal at the WTO in 18 years,” said US trade representative Michael Froman.
Deadline
South Korea had objected to the deal struck by the US and China because it did not remove tariffs on important products such as LCD display panels and lithium-ion batteries, according to people close to the negotiations.
The EU and China had also been in a stand-off over a number of categories, including analogue car radios. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2015
I just came across a new series of Loki cosplay in which the guy is a dead ringer for Tom Hiddleston's Loki from the Thor movies.
I'm not sure what to call the cosplayer, actually, since he seems to go by a few different aliases depending on whether the social media in question is Facebook (Serg Loki Mirage) or DeviantArt (TheIdeaFix, JustGin). I think his real name is Sergey Slavyaninov though I can't be sure of that either.
In any event, it's the best movie Loki cosplay I've seen, and given the sex symbol Loki has become, I'm hardly surprised by the torrent of comments on his Facebook fan page from admiring women and men alike—some proposing marriage, some proposing…er, other things.
The first batch of photos shared here are from a new series by photographer Pugoffka (@PugoffkaSama), but apparently this is a character the cosplayer has done before. And for those of you with Loki fantasies, I've included images from the previous series as well which are a bit more…suggestive.
And now for the older, less elaborate but more revealing series (Loki fetishists, you're welcome).
Cosplayer: Serg Loki Mirage / TheIdeaFix
Photos: uncredited
How many billboards did you take a look during your walk or driving in your life? I'm sorry that I can't remember many of them, but I sincerely believe that it's not my problem, as the billboard itself should be great enough to attract me!
What makes a great billboard then? Or ask yourself a question, what can cause the drivers to endanger their lives to take a look at your billboards while they're driving? Great billboard can answer this question well. It should be graphic-oriented, informative, interesting and most importantly, creative.
Sounds insane? Nah. There are just too many billboard ads that did it, and in this post I'm gonna bring up 40 billboard ads that are extremely creative and attention-grabbing. Once again, they gonna prove you that creativity has no boundaries, enjoy them all!
Anando Milk: Building. “Considering every child lives in a world of fantasy, the idea was to exaggerate the benefit of milk into almost giving the child superhuman powers.” (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Australian Childhood Foundation: Invisible. A totally out of the box billboard poster created to dramatize the issue of neglect. You can even see the message ‘Thanks for seeing me' on the wall, just in case that someone pulled out the plastic model. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Belt Up. The back seat's no safer, belt up! Well-executed ad to get people feel what will happen during accident, if they do not belt up. (Image Source: Eat Liver)
Bergey: Sky. A billboard produced by JWT agency from India, which implemented optical illusion to express the message, ‘Natural Finish Colours', in a clear manner. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Bic Razor: Billboard. Sometimes you don't need to explain how great your product is, just put a razor that ‘shaved' the grass and the message is deadly clear! (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
BMW: Checkmate. I won't discuss if this is ethical, but really, I remembered Santa Monica BMW after the first time I saw this ad. After all, it's funny and attention-grabbing! (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Calgary International Film Festival: Crying Billboard. Only the best firms make it. Best billboard ad that utilizes the water drop in a creative way. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Coca-Cola: Straw. Adding just a ladder to make this billboard ad extremely attractive, superb idea. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Coca-Cola: Straw, Poster version. Similar idea with previous ad but utilizes billboards beside it, I wonder what advertisers of those ads will think and act. Anyway, brilliant idea! (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Colorado State Patrol: Billboard Collision. Tailgating isn't worth it, and you can feel this fact by just looking at this billboard ad. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Dairy Milk: Chocolate. Wanna explain how tasty your chocolate is? You don't need to, just put a giant chocolate to make all passengers feel hungry. (Image Source: Jen44)
DHL: Maze. For this gigantic 3D billboard, a small, red ball rolls from point A to B via the shortest route. After it finished the journey, it will be transported through an invisible conveyor belt within the billboard back to the top to begin the journey again. Again and again, yes, always the right way. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Donastos Pizza: Model. Had a fun time on this, a billboard ad that utilizes another billboard ad! I think I remembered Donastos Pizza very well, and you can see another Donastos ad that uses the same method. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Elm Grove Police Department: Slower is better. Probably a creative and, may be a scientific way to remind people that slower is better. There's also Accident Bills version and Chance Of Crush version, enjoy these interesting variants! (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Ford Mustang: Burnout. “This billboard was showcased in Detroit, MI at the Woodward Dream Cruise, the world's largest one-day automotive event. A smoke machine was installed behind the board, and every few minutes the rear wheel would spin, spewing smoke for the ultimate one-minute burnout.” (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Ford Mustang: Fast. How to express speed on billboard ad? Ford knows it very well. Constructed from GE Lexan EXL semi-transparent resin, the billboard accurately blurs the scene behind it regardless of day, weather or season. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Formula Toothcare: Bite. Build strong teeth that can tear off the metal, with Formula Toothcare! What I can say for this billboard is, totally creative! (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Frontline: Mall. “The insight – you may be close to your pet but totally blind to flea infestations. Huge 22 sq.meter stickers, across 3 malls crawling with people were used citywide to highlight their leading product range.” (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Heineken: 3D Billboard. A small touch of creativity can change the entire effect, and Heineken's 3D billboard proved it. (Image Source: Creative Criminals)
Hotwheels: Curl. Perfect execution for the brand, keep it rolling! (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
International Campaign: Amnesty. The great awareness-raising method is to utilize sympathy. In this ad, the billboard has clearly illustrated the contrast of a peaceful world, and the world with the amnesty infested. Check out more versions, here and here. (Image Source: Dreamer7112)
Jobsintown.de: Life's Too Short For The Wrong Job. Well, a genius idea. Simply speechless. (Image Source: Mighty Optical Illusions)
Kolestron Naturals: Change. “This outdoor execution was strategically positioned on a promenade. It had an unspoiled view of the sea and skyline behind it. The woman's hair is die-cut in the billboard to capture the variations of Kolestron's Naturals' colors through the different phase of the day and night.” (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Law And Order: Outdoor Lamp. Again, a small twist of creativity can change the entire ad. Simply brilliant. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Leica Binoculars: Brown Bear. Get Close. With the Ultravid from Leica. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Leica V-Lux 1: Ivy. Beautifully and brilliantly done. Leica has hired the right agency to do the right ads. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Maker's Mark: Liquor. Winner of all liquor billboard ads. Absolutely unique. (Image Source: putzunow)
Mars Chilled: Tongue. Great work on using 2 billboards to set up a creative ad that's never seen before, and the lip is too great that it looks like 3D! (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Martor: Razor Blade. Extremely sharp razor blade, which can cut down the pigeon. Purely ingenious. (Image Source: hatalska.com)
McDonald: Sundial Billboard. If you are creative enough, an ancient idea can help to build a creative billboard ad. Idea is everywhere. (Image Source: dsgnWrld)
Nestle. Lovely and delicious at the same time. (Image Source: ….HOW ADVERTISING SPOILED ME….)
Nike: Barge resistance. One of the principles to do attractive billboard ads is to defy the rule of the nature, and this billboard ad done by Nike is one of the best examples. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Penline Stationary: Strong Tape. No other tape advertisement can be better than this one, a tape that can stick up a billboard firmly. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Adidas: Petr Cech. To celebrate the opening of the EuroCup 2008 Adidas installed a 60m tall image of Petr Cech on the Prater Ferris wheel, the main tourist attraction in Vienna. Simply rocks, Adidas. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Quitplan: Big Butt. “Our Paul Bunyan sized cigarette should get Minnesotans thinking about quitting smoking in a really big way. With every trip back and forth to the cabin or the casino, smokers will be reminded that QUITPLAN.com is ready to help when they are ready to quit.” (Image Source: Clarity Coverdale Fury)
Real Hip Hop: Black Power. A rocking billboard ad about rocking company, created by rocking agency. Totally rocks. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Red Cross: Optical Illusion Billboard. Liked this one, big and realistic enough to shock passengers, thus raising their awareness about amnesty. (Image Source: Mighty Optical Illusions)
Regional Environmental Awareness: Swimming Pool. Well-placed creative ad that can add up the effect due to the environment, but viewing numbers might be an issue. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Serve: Escape. Perspective might be a little bit weird, but the idea is well-executed. Simply nice. (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
The Comedy Channel: Naked. “Clothing was placed at bus shelters in conjunction with posters to promote the TV series The Power Of One, in which renowned Hypnotist Peter Powers got people to carry out outrageous tasks under hypnosis. An innovative form of typography was used in the poster to make the type appear to move.” (Image Source: Ads Of The World)
Reflection
Overall, common techniques used in producing creative billboard ads are to make the ads defies the rule of nature, like Nike's Barge resistance mentioned above, or make it as realistic as possible, like adding smoke or building 3D version of the product. If you scan though billboard ads showcased above, you will notice that all of them are also quite funny. Do you know any more tip that helps to build a creative billboard ad?
Also, I believe these 40 creative billboard ads are just tip of the iceberg. In fact, there are just too many creative ads in the world! So if you spotted one either on road or web, be sure to share to us. After all, we're hunger for creativity and inspiration!
Conservative radio host Laura Ingraham will get her own primetime show on Fox News this fall, taking over the 10 PM slot on the network.
Sources told CNN that Sean Hannity's show will be moved one hour earlier to 9 PM and “The Five” will be moved back from 9 PM to its original time slot at 5 PM. The changes come after Eric Bolling was released from the network following sexual harassment allegations and his show, “The Specialists,” was cancelled.
Ingraham, a former Ronald Reagan speechwriter, hosts her own radio show and is the founder and editor-in-chief of Lifezette.com.
Matt Drudge teased the announcement of Ingraham's new show in a tweet in August, writing it is her “time to shine.”
FALL PREVIEW: Laura Ingraham's prime time to shine! After years in the trenches, much deserved. pic.twitter.com/dW3iwSHm2H — MATT DRUDGE (@DRUDGE) August 14, 2017
Ingraham was able to test her chops in the primetime lineup last month, filling in for Daily Caller co-founder Tucker Carlson.
Follow Amber on Twitter
The Trader Joe's grocery chain has voluntarily ordered the recall of its Creamy Salted Valencia Peanut Butter at its stores nationwide because of potential salmonella contamination.
“If you purchased this product, please do not eat it,” the Monrovia-based company said in a prepared statement. “We encourage you to return the product to any Trader Joe's for a full refund or dispose of it.”
On its website, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said it is “collaborating with public health officials in several states and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to investigate a multistate outbreak of Salmonella Bredeney infections. Preliminary results from this ongoing joint investigation indicate that Trader Joe's Valencia Creamy Salted Peanut Butter made with Sea Salt is a likely source of this outbreak.”
A total of 29 ill persons infected with the outbreak strain of Salmonella Bredeney have been reported in 18 states. Four people have been hospitalized.
Potential salmonella contamination could cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, the elderly or others with compromised immune systems. Symptoms include fever, abdominal pain and vomiting.
ALSO:
Space shuttle Endeavour has its Hollywood moment
Space shuttle Endeavour sails perfectly over Queen Mary
Tom Hanks on shuttle: "Spaceman in me just went berserk"
-Carlos Lozano
____________________________________
Update 1: Sensordrone Makes You Smarter
Update 2: Specs/Compatibility
Download Detailed Specifications: http://www.sensorcon.com/forum/download/file.php?id=8
Sensordrone will initially support Android 2.2 (Froyo) and later with shipments starting this Fall. Bluetooth 2.1 and 4.0 will be supported for Android. iOS support will be available for devices with Bluetooth 4.0, i.e. iPhone 4S & iPad (3rd Generation). Support for iPhone will trail Android by ~2 months.
Update 3: Data Sharing Apps/Pachube Support
Sensordrone is an open platform for all kinds of sensor and bluetooth peripheral device apps. Every app shown in this project will be available for free. Many new apps are under development, like data sharing apps so you can combine sensor data with smartphone capabilities and share on Google+, Facebook, etc. Support will be available for data recording sites like Pachube.
Update 4: Expansion Modules - Connect Anything to Sensordrone
Connect to a printer or another wild idea you have! New rewards include ambient CO2, pH & Dissolved Oxygen expansion modules.
People Sense the Possibilities of Sensordrone!
Android Police - "...mind-blowing...applications of Sensordrone are simply astounding"
Engadget - "...slightly Star Trek, with the device connecting across Bluetooth to share a wealth of data on what's going on around you"
Fast Company - "Flash forward a few years and imagine millions of people carrying around tiny but powerful sensing units like these. People will then be able to join networks of individuals who share and/or sell their sensing data."
Geek - "Sensordrone really looks like an incredible gadget, and clearly something that takes us one step closer to having a Tricorder for your mobile device"
Guyism - "They even use the Star Trek font and refer to the Tricorder. NEEEEEEEERDSSSSS!... It's actually pretty useful, a kind of technological Swiss Army knife."
Mashable - "...Tricorders don't exist quite yet, but the Sensordrone currently on Kickstarter is a step in the right direction"
OhGizmo! - "Yeah, we're getting into Star Trek Tricorder territory here, and we're pretty excited..."
TechSpot - "...the Sensordrone is a Swiss Army Knife of environmental input"
TreeHugger - "For years, scientists have talked about putting sensors into cell phones to be able to collect environmental data...it's not so easy. At least not until now."
Sensordrone Lets You Run Hundreds of Previously Impossible Sensor Apps
Sensordrone can fit on your keychain, monitor your environment, and talk with your smartphone via Bluetooth. Sensordrone already includes more sensors than anything else available, so you can run hundreds of new apps. Apps that are surprisingly useful in your daily life, fun apps, scientific apps, and more.
Here are just a few examples.
If you have a Sensordrone, you can run apps like these.
__________________________________________________________
Designed to be Simple
Everything is included in the Sensordrone's sleek & compact metal/plastic housing. No configuration is required. Just run an app, and it works. There are no switches or dials to adjust. You don't have to buy new sensors to do anything shown in the video. Just run an app. Truly a major extension of your mobile device, everything is controlled by the app. Here are just 6 apps that we're already running with our Sensordrones.
If you have a Sensordrone, you'll also be able to run apps like these. In addition, there are plenty more in development, by us and independent developers. More developers are welcome and will be supported.
Sensors to Make Your Life Better
Sensordrone is a sensor computer.
Just like a computer can run many different applications, Sensordrone can run many sensor applications. And, just like the best computers using the best processors, we put the best sensors available into Sensordrone, including our own sensors.
If you have a Sensordrone, you can run apps on your tablet or smartphone to monitor carbon monoxide and air quality, find gas leaks, measure your child's temperature, log the weather, and much more.
For example, appsusing the capacitance sensor can work as a stud finder, a proximity monitor, or a liquid level monitor. Apps using the pressure sensor can work as a barometer, an altimeter, calculate elevation differences so you can measure the height of a building, be hooked up to a pressure cuff to work as a blood pressure monitor, and more. Humidity sensing is not just for weather, it determines comfort level for infants, finds the optimum conditions for storing foods, and could even help prevent mold from growing in your home
Sensordrone makes any sensor application as easy as running an app!
If you've ever wanted a Tricorder like in Star Trek, this is a step in that direction. If you join the Sensor revolution, this is how your smartphone can look soon.
Advanced Sensor Apps
Its only limit is your imagination.
More Than Just Data
The sensors in Sensordrone don't just give you data, they guide you to smart decisions. Sensor apps will teach you, help you, and guide you. You'll be informed enough to demand action. For example, the carbon monoxide sensor will measure carbon monoxide, but combine that with an Air Quality Index guide, and you'll get much more information than just a number.
Carbon Monoxide Air Quality Monitor + Guide
___________________________________________________
Connect & Share
The Sensordrone can give you data anywhere you go. Maybe you'll find a gas leak or a polluted area and want to share that information with your colleagues. Maybe you'll use it as a breathalyzer after having too many drinks and it will automatically have your phone call a designated driver. Since the Sensordrone is essentially an extension of your internet connected smartphone or tablet, you can easily share vital data via your preferred web service. This includes Twitter, Facebook, sensor sites like Pachube, and much more.
Share your data!
____________________________________________________
3 Modes of Operation:
You'll have full control over the Sensordrone, like LED colors and timing, which sensors are on, how often to collect data, and when to transmit the data.
1. Call-Respond Mode - (just give me the most recent data now).
2. Streaming Mode - (keep sending real-time data.)
3. Data Logging Mode - (store data in memory until called upon, then download and export to a .csv file)
Data logging mode - record and export weather or any other sensor data you want to gather
State of the Art - Nothing Else Comes Close
Who Are We?
We are Sensorcon. We develop and make Sensors. Sensors are our passion. Sensors are our life. We are not sensor hobbyists, we are sensor fanatics!
Sensorcon
http://www.sensorcon.com/sensordrone/
We created the Sensordrone because it is what we wanted, a single device that can replace many others. We started out doing sensor R&D for DARPA at MIT, and now we are a small manufacturer producing toxic gas monitors in the heart of the rust belt. By using our own sensor technologies combined with the latest other sensors/chips available, we've created a product that is much smaller and more integrated than anything ever offered in the consumer electronics market.
Uncut/the future of Sensordrone ***Attention*** Unlike the main video, these are just unedited explanations by our team. Sorry, no special effects here, just our random thoughts. Mark W. - Chief Dreamer (a.k.a. Mr. Feature Creep) . Ben M. - Super Engineer (a.k.a. The Beard) . Mark R. - PhD (a.k.a. Overqualified) . Brian C. - Software Guy (a.k.a. Canadian Exile) Open Source Software:
Hardware is very expensive to develop. So we're making the Sensordrone's application level software open source so anybody can combine a suite of new sensors with powerful mobile devices to create great new apps. An API & sample code will be made available.
We are currently offering Android compatibility, but if this project is successful, we will port to iOS and Blackberry platforms, and possibly Windows.
One Device...Endless Possibilities
Application examples:
Air quality
Breath alcohol
Color matching
Non-contact thermometer
Weather monitoring
Crowd sourced Sensor Data
Games (totally new concepts)
Flatulence (use gas sensors for both serious and not so serious measurements)
Totally new applications/Multi-sensor mayhem!
Technical Details:
The Sensordrone has all the sensors your phone doesn't have. It is meant to extend your mobile devices capabilities, not duplicate them (so we didn't include motion or magnetic sensors which are common in phones/tablets)
Included Sensors
Precision Electrochemical Gas Sensor - Calibrated for Carbon Monoxide (Also can be used for precision measurements of Alcohol, Hydrogen, and others)
- Calibrated for Carbon Monoxide (Also can be used for precision measurements of Alcohol, Hydrogen, and others) Gas Sensor for Oxidizing Gases - MOS type for Chlorine, Ozone, Nitrogen Dioxide, etc.
- MOS type for Chlorine, Ozone, Nitrogen Dioxide, etc. Gas Sensor for Reducing Gases - (MOS type for methane, Propane, alcohols, other hydrocarbons, etc.)
- (MOS type for methane, Propane, alcohols, other hydrocarbons, etc.) Temperature - Simple resistance temperature sensor type
Simple resistance temperature sensor type Humidity
Pressure - can be used for Barometer, Altimeter, Blood Pressure, etc.
can be used for Barometer, Altimeter, Blood Pressure, etc. Non-Contact Thermometer - Infrared sensor for scanning object temperature
- Infrared sensor for scanning object temperature Proximity Capacitance - fluid level, intrusion detection, stud finder & more applications
- fluid level, intrusion detection, stud finder & more applications Red Color Intensity
Green Color Intensity
Blue Color Intensity
Illumination - combine RGB & illumination for color matching
combine RGB & illumination for color matching Digital & Analog Interface - Expansion connector for connecting anything you want to your mobile device through the Sensordrone
Expandable!
Anybody can connect any device/hardware project to the Sensordrone via a standard 0.1” pitch header, supports digital (RS-232, I2C) and analog signals. This makes Sensordrone an "Easy Bluetooth Interface" for your project. First for Android, then for iOS and other platforms. We're making external expansion modules that will connect to the expansion connector. To give you a sneak peak, one expansion module we're working on is a complete air quality monitor for precision measurements of Carbon Dioxide (CO2), Carbon Monoxide (CO), Nitrogen Dioxide (NO2) & Ozone (O3).
Sensordrone Interface Pin-Out
Easy Bluetooth Interface for Your Project
____________________________________________________________
A Sensor Revolution!
The government can tell you that the air quality is good based on data collected at their monitoring stations, but unless you live next to such a station, they can't tell you what the air quality is where you live. The air quality where you are may be very different, especially if you're near a highway, an industrial facility, or even just in a parking garage.
Crowd sourced data from Sensordrone users can dramatically expand the existing pollution/Air quality and weather station network, potentially leading to improved health and better weather forecasting.
Compare the official Air Quality Index network for Carbon Monoxide in New York State (~10) vs. what a Sensordrone network could be (1,000s+).
VS.
This is what happens when you de-centralize data and put it in the hands of the people.
Unbelievably Small Design...
All the sensors are enclosed in a unique, fully custom plastic & metal housing. The Sensordrone is the "swiss army knife" of sensors. It's so small, and light, you can carry it everywhere, on your keychain, or perhaps on a necklace...
_____________________________________________________________
World's 1st Practical Tricorder (with your help)
Monitor everything, everywhere. This is real, this is ready, this is the Sensordrone, by backing us you'll become part of the movement, and help us move into full production and develop many more apps and external expansion modules.
Designed AND Made in the USA
Unlike many others, you won't hear us complaining about how difficult it is to manufacture in the USA, we already do, and we're doing so in the rust-belt.
The Sensordrone was designed by engineers from Buffalo & Toronto. Electronics assembly is being done in Detroit & Rochester, molded parts in Cleveland, and sensor components, final assembly and testing done at Sensorcon in Buffalo.
Information Flyer for Hobbyists/Developers
http://www.sensorcon.com/forum/download/file.php?id=7
Why Kickstarter?
Kickstarter is the perfect place to find people to help launch this product - you've seen the Sensordrone in action, but to see it in your hands, we need your help to fund the initial production of this product! If this project is successful, the money will be used for production ramp up. Any extra will go towards improving the platform and creating more & better apps.
This project is participating in the Kicking it Forwards program, 5% of the profits from this project will be contributed to other Kickstarter projects. http://kickingitforward.org
Rewards:
Rewards for backers are pre-orders of the Sensordrone at special Kickstarter pricing, Sensordrone T-shirts, stickers, and access to all our updates.
A Couple T-Shirt Design Concepts
_________________________________________________________
Pro-Linux
Erstes SailfishOS-Smartphone per Crowdfunding ab Mai vorbestellbar
Nachdem das junge finnische Unternehmen Jolla auf dem Mobile World Congress im Februar sein SailfishOS SDK vorgestellt hatte, soll nun ein erstes Gerät mit dem MeeGo-Nachfolger ab Mai per Vorkasse bestellbar sein.
Jolla Sailfish OS
Der dritte Platz im mobilen Olymp hinter Android und iOS ist immer noch frei. Microsoft mit seinem Windows Phone, das bereits seit fünf Jahren am Markt ist, ist kein vielversprechender Kandidat. Neben Jolla mit SailfishOS betritt im Juni mit Firefox OS ein weiterer Kandidat die Arena.
Setzt Firefox OS zum Erreichen von Marktanteilen auf Billiggeräte, die in Zusammenarbeit mit renommierten Herstellern und Providern in Schwellenländern und aufstrebenden Märkten platziert werden sollen, glaubt man bei Jolla eher an das mittlere Marktsegment und skandinavisches Design.
Das von früheren Entwicklern aus Nokias MeeGo-Team gegründete Unternehmen Jolla versucht nun, nach dem Crowdfunding-Prinzip sein erstes eigenes Smartphone zu finanzieren. Ein Prototyp des Geräts soll Anfang Mai vorgestellt werden. Ab Mitte Mai sollen Interessierte das Gerät per Vorkasse bestellen können und so die Fertigung finanzieren. Belohnt werden die »Early Adopters«, indem sie über Teile des Designs, insbesondere Bedienelemente der Benutzeroberfläche, mitentscheiden können. Bei der Entwicklung von SailfishOS wurde besonderer Wert auf Gestensteuerung und Multitasking-Fähigkeit gelegt. Das Design soll insgesamt »modern skandinavisch« ausfallen, wie Jolla-Vorstand Antii Saarnio jetzt der finnischen Nachrichten-Webseite Digitoday mitteilte. Weiterhin sagt er dort, man wolle »Jolla zu einer Bewegung machen«.
Wann die vorbestellten Geräte verfügbar sein werden, sagte Saarnio nicht, jedoch soll vor Beginn der Kampagne ein Zeitplan vorliegen. Das Smartphone soll auf jeden Fall noch in diesem Jahr erscheinen, wobei der Anfang in Finnland gemacht wird, wo es bereits eine große Fangemeinde geben soll sowie einen Vertrag mit einem lokalen Mobilfunk-Anbieter. Danach sollen weitere Länder in Europa folgen.
On a whim, I had decided to make a comic cover based on the idea I had after watching 'Where The Apple Lies':
'... Okay so, five minutes after the episode ends Apple Bloom asks if Big Macintosh has ever had a story about lying. Applejack gets the most evil grin on her face and tells the story about how Big Mac went through tons of shenanigans to lie to Granny Smith about not having a girlfriend when the rebellious, flirtatious, wild child Princess Cadence ran away to town for the week to surprise her boyfriend during the summer. So many hijinks. It's an 80's romantic comedy in the purest form you can find.'
They're hiding in the bushes at night to sneak some time in together that's peaceful and not full of wacky antics. <3
...Honestly between the idea of making the cover look more like the story I had, and making an adorable cover... I chose adorable and I'm okay with being that kind of trash tbh.
Dungeon Master: Chris Lindsay began his love affair with Dungeons & Dragons as a wee lad in the early ‘80s. After editing adventures for the Living Greyhawk campaign for 18 months, Chris joined the Customer Service team at Wizards of the Coast where he eventually rose to the position of Training & Operations manager. In 2010 Chris joined the D&D brand team and is currently the product manager for Dungeons & Dragons as well as the head of the D&D Adventurers League and the architect for the Dungeon Masters Guild, and Guild Adept program. Chris has been known to hop in front of a camera now and again, originally for ExtraLife charity events, and more currently on Maze Arcana's Peanut Gallery, and as a Dungeon Master during the Stream of Annihilation. Chris can also be seen handing out DM advice on Geek & Sundry's Epic Homebrews episode of GM Tips with Satine Phoenix. Twitter: @Onnatryx
Satine Phoenix is Co-Creator of Maze Arcana, Host of GM Tips on Geek & Sundry, Founder of CelebrityChariD20.com & Meetup.com/LATabletopGamers, Co-Author of The Action Heroine's Journey & Co-creator & artist on New Praetorians, Graphic Designer for the Loyal Subjects, Co-Host of Game School Podcast, Jewelry Designer & freelance Illustrator on Burningquill.com, OG Crew of I Hit It with My Axe webseries 2010. You can read about her Gaming Escapades over the years on i09.com, Wired magazine, Maxim & Time Magazine. Artist-Entrepreneur-Entertainer: Satine spends her time surrounded by decadence, doing the things she loves most: Working/Playing D&D with her friends, Illustrating, drinking coffee, working out & traveling to various gaming events around the world with her Maze Arcana Co-Creator, Ruty Rutenberg (@Rutywoot). Twitter: @SatinePhoenix
Facebook: satinephoenix
Instagram: satinephoenix
Web: mazearcana.com/burningquill.com
*Ruty* - US Army OIF/OEF Veteran, Actor, Writer, Voice Over, and Award Winning Dungeon Master & Creator. Ruty's expertise spans multiple platforms, with work alongside all the major studios on titles such as *Argo, Fury, The Finest Hours, Magnificent Seven*, the recently released *Growhouse* by Snoop Dogg & DJ Pooh, and *The Wall* directed by Doug Liman. When not acting, voice acting, or writing for film & television, Ruty is writing content for Dungeons & Dragons, and a host of other RPG publishers and game designers. Somehow, he finds the time to stop for panels on the convention circuit—recently PAX, Gary Con, Emerald City & Los Angeles Comic Cons, Winter Fantasy; you can also catch him next at Gen Con, alongside his Maze Arcana co-creator Satine Phoenix (@SatinePhoenix). When he can, he loves gaming with attendees and is currently planning the future content as Dungeon Master of the amazing Maze Arcana titles, *Orphan Echo, Peanut Gallery*… and even an upcoming Stream of Annihilation. Shhhhh…. Twitter: @RutyWoot
Instagram: RutyWoot
Cig Neutron is a sculptor, special makeup fx artist, creature fabricator, actor, and Winner of Face Off All Stars. Working in the film industry as a special fx artist, Cig has worked on such films as Tron: Legacy, Suckerpunch, Real Steel, ABC's of Death, and The Death of Superman Lives: What Happened? Cig has also made a name for himself in the lowbrow art scene. His work has been shown in galleries across the country, with private collectors around the world owning pieces. Teaming up with Rannie Rodil the creator of Fanvixens, they created Bizarro Au Go-Go, an outlet for all of their outlandish characters, and off the wall products. Starting out as an art/photography book, Bizarro Au Go-Go has been gaining popularity by bringing it's colorful characters to life via internet video, and convention appearances. Cig currently co-runs TroTron FX, a special fx shop with his bro-mate George Troester. Twitter: @cigneutron
Seasteading Gets You Agorism (and whatever else you want to try)
Ineffabelle writes:
Thinking about seasteading and how it relates to agorism (I did a post that barely touched on this a while back, in response to Patri Friedman) again, I think what I see what my intuitive objection is to the current seasteading model. It seems to me that the current “seasteading” approach seems to be modeled on the currently existing nation state. And indeed, most seasteading proponents seem to be at least quasi-statist in their thinking. Certainly they don't strike me as a bunch of hard core anarchists. A more anarchist/agorist approach to seasteading to me would be a colony of small ships, essentially houseboats but maybe with a bit more range, who trade goods and services amongst each other outside of the purview of any sort of governing body at all. One of the major advantages of this approach, to me, outside of the obvious one that you don't need millions and millions of dollars to get started, is that you also don't provide an obvious, centralized target for government reprisal.
There are several different threads here. One is about seasteading strategy. I posted my thoughts on the reasons I prefer large-scale capital-intensive seasteading to the approach above on the seasteading blog last year, and it generated a ton of discussion, as it's an area of great disagreement. So while the “agorist” approach suggested is a good one, it is not new to the seasteading movement. Rather, it is one that many seasteaders believe in – see Vince's great Seasteading Manifesto to start. It's not my favored approach, but I would be delighted if agorists starting building single-family seasteads.
The next is about culture – are seasteaders quasi-statist? Actually, in my experience, proponents of private polycentric law[1] are the people who most often understand the political theory behind seasteading. I don't know if they are a plurality of seasteaders, because such people are rare, but certainly many seasteaders believe in private polycentric law.
Lastly, if we're going to compare seasteading and agorism, I think seasteading has two major advantages over agorism/polycentric law:
First, it is more meta. Whatever your preferred political system, seasteading lets you try it. If you are right that it's a great system, it will be a great place to live and attract lots of people. Seasteading gives you agorism. And with a special extra bonus: if you find out that your favored political theory is actually not so great to live under, while you've been learning that, other people will have been testing other things – and maybe one of them will have found something that works.
Second, it has a realistic path to success. It bypasses the state by using technology to open a frontier, instead of hopelessly fight to beat the state on its own territory. The agorist idea that small grey markets will ever end the power of the state is sheer lunacy. While both are rebellions against the status quo, seasteading cleverly avoids a direct challenge. Dealing with waves may be hard, but beating the state at its own game – using violence to control territory – is much harder.
And these same two points apply to futarchy, Moldbuggian Monarchy, and much much more. Whatever weird political system you like, whatever clever incentives for efficiency you have found, unless you have a fabulously clever way to make it in the interests of politicians to enact a policy that renders them less powerful[2], seasteading is probably your best bet. It's the meta-answer because it produces an ecosystem of competing governments, while each of these specific proposals is merely a hypothesis about a single form of government which might be superior if we could somehow enact it.
[1] For many reasons, I prefer this term to “anarchy”
[2] I've heard of exactly one such idea – Michael Strong's Free Zones w/ equity for dictators “Georgist Endgame” strategy.
Khaled Omran, an APSA member and former Palmyra resident now living in Turkey, said: “The archaeological area is under control of the Russians. They don't even allow the Syrian regime troops and Palmyra's residents to enter it without permission.”
The looters are smuggling the antiquities out of Syria through neighbouring Turkey and Lebanon, said Mr Omran, who closely monitors the trade. APSA said statues, tiles and coins – which records show had been looted in the last six months – being offered on the black market in Turkey.
In February 2015 the UN banned all trade in artefacts from the region. But experts say a large number of objects continue to find their way to Western buyers, who pay thousands of pounds for the Roman and Byzantine ruins.
Chris Doyle of the Council for Arab-British Understanding said: “The (Syrian) authorities will know this is going on. The likelihood is any further missing artefacts will just be blamed on Isil.
“The regime has no better record than Isil on protecting such heritage, as the pulverising of Aleppo demonstrates.”
Mr Omran's uncle, Khaled al-Assad, had served as head of antiquities in Palmyra for 50 years until he was executed by Isil in August last year.
A new Wall Street Journal/NBC national poll says that the controversy over Jeremiah Wright didn't hurt Obama. Not only has he held against Hillary Clinton (they're in a dead heat at 45% each, as opposed to two weeks ago when Clinton was 47% to his 43%), but his numbers relative to McCain haven't moved (he's 42% to McCain's 44%, virtually the same as in the previous poll).
If I was some unholy spawn of Lee Atwater crawling out of the Hellmouth and beholding this statistic, I'd be scratching my head and wondering what I was going to do for an encore. That Wright video played in constant rotation on cable news, more people probably witnessed it than saw that kid from Tennessee crying "LEAVE BRITNEY ALOOOOONE!!…" A cooperative media could not possibly give it more exposure, and positioned it to toggle every White American panic button it could. And the result was…nada. Nothing.
The whole media push came straight out of the GOP playbook for November, and it barely registered. If you'd asked me yesterday I would have said the odds for the fall were 60% McCain, 35% Obama, 5% Clinton. But Obama stood up to the Wright attacks well, so I'm putting it today at 50% McCain, 45% Obama, 5% Clinton (and that 5% is just factoring in wildcard stuff, I don't really think there's any shot at the nomination that can be seen from here, but having been through other elections — you just never know.)
On his own merits, I don't think there's any doubt Obama is the strongest candidate in the race. But he doesn't have McCain's leg up in the media, and the unquestioning way that the country accepts the MSM's narratives — even, as this race has proven, much of the blogosphere — is going to continue to be a problem that favors McCain. Look at the insane advantage the Democrats have when it comes to primary turnout, and yet the national polls still show McCain in the lead. The GOP may not have as easy a time as they anticipated jacking up Obama's negatives, but it's going to be awfully hard to punch holes in McCain's media armour as well.
When it comes to anything negative about St. John the Divine, the mascara of the barbecue set just starts a-runnin'. They just dooooon't want to hear it.
By Laurence Langan
Yeah, I bet you wanted optimism for your new year. Well, tough cookie. Sure as anything, they'll be plenty of great films out this year, and there are plenty of places on the internet where you can find excited previews of said movies. But they'll also be plenty of stinkers. So come, wallow with me in my jaded, bitter outlook on 2016 like the cultural elitists we are.
1. How To Be Single
I wasn't really aware we needed another obnoxious, crass sex comedy with people running around getting drunk and hooking up. Apparently, I was wrong.
It'll be the usual parade of improvised, pop culture infused one liner about sex and some really unfunny situations of awkwardness and, you know, getting drunk and stuff. Watch in the trailer for the cutaways to the club where people are dancing and yelling. These moments, placed oh so subtly in between the trailer telling you what the story is, reassure you that there will be moments in da club, thank god. Maybe they'll even throw in a funny dance scene. That'll be enriching.
And if you're thinking that this'll be a great feminist work about how it's ok to be single and women can just do whatever they want without judgement, I guarantee you that doe eyed innocent Dakota Johnson will catch two dicks, maximum before ending up in a nice, hetero-normative relationship by the end, proving (like last year's bafflingly popular Trainwreck) that being single and sleeping around is fine, as long as you don't do it too much and that in the end it's important we all accept the mainstream, traditional way is best and if you don't agree you're probably damaged or weird or just in a phase or something.
Not put off yet? How about some rules, like guys buy all the drinks, and girls pay for it through being sex objects. Or that men and women can't be friends because if you get drunk enough, you'll fuck for sure! Pay for things by flashing your tits because old men are just pervs who'll do anything for a bit of skin!
And are we still doing the whole New York City is a magical place of wonderment and youth and dreams and unicorns thing? I thought that went out with Sex and the City.
And before you tell me to relax and say it's just going to be a bit of fun or a date movie or something and I should climb down from my ivory tower, let me tell you, I am Mr Fun! I've got this seventies sci-fi movie I got for my birthday, it's meant to be a classic and really weird and…oh. You've all gone.
2. Fifty Shades of Black
Hey do you remember Scary Movie? Remember how funny it was? Have you watched it recently? No? That's because every single one of the Wayans fronted parody films are utter dog shit.
These days, those often criticised parody films are low budget, straight to Netflix fare. I guess this one is trying to bring them back to the big screen, because the filmmakers just hate cinema for some reason. If you've forgotten, the jokes go like this:
Copy a scene from a popular movie, word for word Take the scene one step further with a moment of gross out humour/celebrity/tone deaf slapstick violence/racial comedy that's not really ok/all of the above Wait for the joke to slide down the audience's soul like a paste made from cold, wet teabags. And now the payoff: an awkward, polite chuckle from the audience as they internally count every second that they have to sit through this. Job done. Make sure you check the joke for any actual satire before you screen it and expunge accordingly.
Now it's happening again but with 50 Shades of Grey. Marlon Wayans is Mr Black, and he's black. Have I mentioned he's black? He throws up gang signs and talks all gangsta and stuff. God, black people are funny aren't they? I love the way they say those black things. They're so funny. They love white women and hip hop. They love big bootys too. Did you hear that? I said big booty! Just like a black person would. Wow. What an evening of entertainment.
3. Gods Not Dead 2
The majority of Christians live a peaceful, productive existence with a belief system that gives them strength and stability. Unfortunately, some Christians still act like they're being thrown to the lions, even though they're the most dominant belief in the western world.
The first God's Not Dead film chronicled one brave student standing up to a bigoted atheist professor who demanded his students agree with him that ‘God is dead' in order to pass his class. It was a mish mash of strawmen, misunderstood science and the occasional moment of disturbing xenophobia.
Now they're back, and with even more celebrity cameos! This time, a Christian school teacher (Melissa Joan Hart) says a verse from The Bible during a class on pacifism and is quickly taken to court for…something.
The trailer boldly claims that believers are ‘at war' and promises, like the first film, that this will be a call to arms. Expect other platitudes like ‘take a stand' and ‘answer the call'. It's usually either something to do with calling or something to do with standing.
These movies are not really designed to be watched by anyone on the fence; it's clearly made for people who already feel like their way of life is under assault from liberals and atheists everywhere. Of course, the truth is that nothing's changed in the fundamental parts of practicing your faith in the past few decades. More and more from these kinds of films I get the sense that the target audience are really just unhappy that you can wear a short skirt, openly be an atheist without repercussions, openly be gay without repercussions, say a rude word on T.V, get an abortion, get contraception or any number of things that aren't any of their business, but they just make them feel icky and they want an excuse to have a go at them.
There's a debate to be had about the political/spiritual leanings of movies and whether that should affect the way you judge them. This is clear, though: God's Not Dead 2 isn't interested in debate, or exposing an important issue. It's more interested in living in the weird victim fantasy/bubble world that some of the Christian right encase themselves in, preach to the converted and roll around in their own superiority feces for a while. Just like I do on my blog, then. It probably won't hit our shores for a little while, but expect a brief burst of controversy hitting your news feed if it makes as much money as the last one did.
4. X-Men: Apocalypse
Superhero sequels have gotten so amazingly beige that now whenever they start talking about “this is an enemy we've never faced” or “it's the end” I just sort of roll my eyes and say “Yeah, but that's what you said last time”.
The X-men films have completely spun out of focus. They've turned from excellent, thought provoking sci-fi into dodgy spin offs and rushed, patchy, popcorn sludge. The continuity and rules of the universe are so abstract and meaningless at this point they might as well not bother. Oh that's what they did in Days of Future Past? Great.
Well, in that case, what they need to do next is go smaller, have something slower and more in tune with what makes X-Men great. Oh, the next villain is the one that just sort of has all the powers? Like, all of them? Right. So it's going to be unwieldy, nonsensical and generally meaningless in the ever expanding waterfall of bland that is the modern superhero film. Something isn't epic if you see it almost every summer, and anyway last I checked we already had an end of the world looking X-Men film: The last one!
How can they get away with this? Because they know no one really cares. No one liked The Last Stand so why bother explaining Professor X being alive or Magneto having his powers back? Ditto for The Wolverine and the fact Logan has his adamantium again by Days of Future Past.
Not up on your X-Men sequels? Wikipedia-ing a bit just to understand the last few paragraphs? Don't worry. The filmmakers are half expecting that. They just dig into the Marvel comic archives, fish out the next villain, assemble the usual suspects on a conveyor belt, Wolverine calls someone ‘bub', the fan base wets itself and everyone knocks off early.
5. Zootopia/Secret Life of Pets/Storks
Ok, I just think making animated movies about talking animals is a little regressive. The jokes are either going to be “that thing that <insert animal here> do but they said it in English so, lol!” or “wow, an <insert animal here> would never do that! Lol!” Last year, Inside Out talked about memory and emotional health. They told a story that was fresh and original and had a message for kids that you don't have to be happy all the time, feelings are complicated and life isn't black and white.
This year we're getting Marlon Brando moles and a cat that eats too much. Great. Oh and babies are cute. Did you know babies are cute? Just checking.
It's all so formulaic and trite. I bet you in about five minutes, you'll have worked out the basic plot of each film. And guess what? Kids are going to do that too! They can see plot formulas sharper than a lot of adults!
Do your kids really need to see these films? Do you really need to see these films? And if you do see all three, are you going to be able to distinguish which bits came from what film by December?
Here's a handy guide: If it's going to be something to do with getting along because we're all different, then it's Zootopia. If it's something inane about babies, then it's Storks. If it's about how life is hard, but we all belong where we belong and don't change it CONFORM CONFORM CONFORM, it's Secret Life of Pets.
No, I'm not in my ivory tower again, I just…
***
So, 2016. I expect most of the same mistakes as 2015 and some slow progress towards er…progress. And another Star Wars film. No, I don't care about that either. And I've lost you again.
“I sense great arrogance in you…about animated films…for some reason…”
Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/cellmagazine/
Follow us on Twitter: @cellmagazine
Email us at cellmagazinenorwich@gmail.com
Advertisements
All-wheel drive and the Porsche911 go together like sauerkraut and knockwurst. The concept dates way back to 1984, with the off-road 911 that, in the capable hands of drivers René Metge and Dominique Lemoyne, won that year's Paris–Dakar Rally. A production 911 with all-wheel drive debuted in the mid-1990s, and each subsequent generation of Porsche's seminal sporting car has offered four driven wheels. The latest, based on the new-for-2012 911 (the 991 in Porsche-speak) broke cover at this year's Paris Motor Show.
The 2013 Carrera 4 and Carrera 4S, available in coupe and cabriolet form, bump the 911 stable from eight variants to 12. The cars make use of the latest version of the active all-wheel-drive system known as Porsche Traction Management, or PTM. A 7-speed manual transmission is standard, but Porsche's impressive dual-clutch automatic, the Porsche Doppelkupplung (PDK), is a compelling $4,080 option that shaves two-tenths of a second off the cars' zero-to-60 mph sprint (or four-tenths with a touch of the Sport Plus button, which is part of the $1,850 Sport Chrono Package).
These all-wheel-drive 911s are some 140 pounds lighter than the last iterations, and from a performance standpoint that can only be a good thing. The Carrera 4 makes use of the standard 911's normally aspirated, 3.4-liter horizontally opposed 6-cylinder engine. Good for 350 hp, it will launch the Carrera 4 coupe to 60 mph in 4.7 seconds (4.9 seconds for the cabriolet), and onward to a top speed of 177 mph (175 mph for the cabriolet). The Carrera 4S coupe and cabriolet receive Porsche's 3.8-liter engine, which spins out 400 hp and discovers 60 mph in 4.3 seconds and 4.5 seconds, respectively.
Not including the $950 destination charge, the 911 Carrera 4 coupe and cabriolet command $91,030 and $102,930, respectively; the Carrera 4S coupe and cabriolet run $105,630 and $117,530. They're on sale now. (www.porsche.com/usa)
On Monday , as usual, Justice Clarence Thomas asked no questions at the important though relatively narrow On Tuesday , onlookers in the chamber heard his voice, as he read the Court's unanimous decision in Walden v. Fiore, a personal jurisdiction case. , as usual, Justice Clarence Thomas asked no questions at the important though relatively narrow oral argument in Utility Air Regulation Group v. Environmental Protection Agency. As usual, however, Thomas remained active behind the bench—at times reclining in his chair, at times whispering to seatmate Stephen Breyer, and at least once sending a page out of the courtroom to fetch a volume for reference., onlookers in the chamber heard his voice, as he read the Court's unanimous decision ina personal jurisdiction case. New Yorker staff writer, CNN Contributor, and legal gadfly Jeffrey Toobin over the weekend published an online column noting the eighth anniversary of Thomas's prolonged silence on the bench. Toobin proclaims Thomas “a disgrace” who “is simply not doing his job.” Toobin writes that, during oral argument, Thomas only reclines; his leather chair is pitched so that he can stare at the ceiling, which he does at length. He strokes his chin. His eyelids look heavy. Every schoolteacher knows this look. It's called “not paying attention.” As noted above, that part of the indictment isn't so. Sitting only a few feet from Thomas day after day, I often wonder what he is thinking, what books he is consulting, and what he is whispering to Breyer. But I usually think that the Justice is at home. He's there, he just doesn't choose to say anything. For his own part, Thomas doesn't seem to feel that there's any reason to speak up. "Maybe it's the Southerner in me," he has mused. "Maybe it's the introvert in me, I don't know. I think that when somebody's talking, somebody ought to listen."
But while I am not sure I would label his silence a “disgrace,” as Toobin did, it is a lost opportunity for all of us. Thomas is a complex figure. I think his legal ideas profoundly wrong. Over the years he has expressed deep resentment over the battle over his confirmation—resentment that his admirers may find understandable but that to me seems excessive. (“Whoop-de-damn-do,” Thomas reports himself as saying when confirmed. But winning a Supreme Court Justiceship, even in ugly circumstances, is an honor. A slight show of gratitude might have been becoming.)
Like every justice, Thomas has a number of areas where he can offer special understanding. He's the only justice who has studied for the priesthood and the only one who has worked in state government. Most relevant to the clean air case, he's the only one who has served as head of an important executive agency (in his case, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission).
And when he has spoken out, the results have on occasion been extraordinary. Consider the 2003 case of Virginia v. Black. Several convicted defendants challenged a Virginia statute that made it a felony to burn a cross where others could see it “with the intent of intimidating any person or group.” Not long before, in R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul, the Court had struck down a city ordinance making it a crime to use any symbol in public with the knowledge that it “arouses anger, alarm or resentment in others on the basis of race, color, creed, religion or gender.” Even though the Virginia law was narrower, many observers were confident the majority would also strike the Virginia law as an invalid ban on “symbolic expression.”
Thomas, the only African American on the court, was born into poverty in a segregated community, and he knows a few things that most of his gently raised colleagues do not. He calmly interrupted: “[A]ren't you understating the—the effects of—of the burning cross? . . . Now, it's my understanding that we had almost 100 years of lynching and activity in the South. The Knights of Camellia and—and the Ku Klux Klan, and this was a reign of terror and the cross was a symbol of that reign of terror. Was—isn't that significantly greater than intimidation or a threat?” Even heard 12 years later in audio, those words dramtically change both the tone and content of the argument. Suddenly the question was not how the case fit into existing First Amendment precedent but whether the history of the burning cross was in some way different, worse. The Court's haughty disdain for “political correctness” was displaced by Thomas's powerful suggestion that the cross was “a symbol of that reign of terror.” Sure enough, the Court finally held that a statute proscribing cross-burning was different from the statute it voided in R.A.V. By a margin of 6-3, it said that a state could outlaw the fiery cross. Thomas wrote separately to argue that the Court's opinion construed this power too narrowly: “In every culture, certain things acquire meaning well beyond what outsiders can comprehend,” he wrote. “That goes for both the sacred and the profane.” The result seemed to flow directly out of Thomas's decision, as an insider, to share the meaning of racial terror with his colleagues and the public.
Toobin rates the influence of Thomas's opinions highly—more highly than I do. If I were looking for grounds to criticize Thomas, in fact, it would be that his opinions aren't influential, and that they show an often shocking disregard of a judge's duty to precedent. His opinions are sometimes powerful—see his agonized dissent in Grutter v. Bollinger, the 2003 affirmative action case—and sometimes, well, silly—see his faux-historical dissent in Brown v Entertainment Merchants Association.
Those who value those opinions should realize that the voice they represent might sway the Court more often—and might educate some of the fellow citizens from whom Thomas seems to feel alienated—if the Justice shared it in the Court chamber as well as on the page.
Now that I'm out of the running for a billion dollars (thanks a lot, Dayton) and can safely kiss my office pool entry fee goodbye, my interest in March Madness has dropped off considerably. But I love a good infographic, and brackets are the visual-du-jour for at least another week or so. That's how I found myself sitting on my couch with my roommates on Sunday evening, meticulously putting together what I consider to be a fairly comprehensive bracket breaking down the best Disney songs of all time. First, a word on methodology. The songs that made it into our 32-team field all come from Disney's fully-animated films. This disqualified such classics as Mary Poppins and Song of the South, as well as the new stuff, like Enchanted and The Muppets. We also left off the Disney imprints like Pixar and Tim Burton's stop-motion masterpieces. That left us with 53 feature films to choose from. The only other rule: no more than 3 songs from one movie, a ceiling hit by The Lion King, The Little Mermaid, Hercules, and Aladdin. Our 32 song field was then split into one of four regions: The Classics (music from the likes of Cinderella, Pinocchio, and Snow White), the Nineties (Lion King, Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin) The Newbies (Frozen, Tangled) and Miscellaneous. Some exceptions were made to ensure three songs from one movie weren't all in the same bracket, and some liberties were taken for convenience. As for seeding, it was based solely on the aggregate number of YouTube views for each song. A song moved on if it got three of the five votes in our house. Without further ado.
Perhaps the biggest surprise in this one was the seeding. Bare Necessities, while a perfectly enjoyable song from an under-appreciated Disney classic, is hardly anyone's first choice when asked to name the quintessential Disney song. And yet it is massively popular on YouTube, outperforming regional winner “When You Wish Upon a Star” by some 20 million YouTube views. The conversational consensus was that Bare Necessities was the weakest 1 seed, yet it managed to escape the upset in Round 1, beating the seven dwarfs' utilitarian anthem. “When You Wish Upon a Star,” meanwhile, proved to be a very strong #4 seed, the Michigan State of the Disney cannon. High Ho was the Cinderella out of this regional, ironic since they got through #2 Bippity Boppity Boo from Cinderella to make it to the regional semifinals. But the Pinocchio ditty, aided in voters' eyes by its appearance atop every Disney movie in the opening credits — proved too strong, handily beating the #6 seed to reach the final four.
Ok, I know, I get it: The Lion King (coming up on 20 years old) isn't a new Disney film in the same way Frozen and Tangled are. Whatever. We needed to make the brackets work. And in fairness, “Circle of Life” would have plowed through any region it was placed in given the ease with which it dispensed of even the monstrously popular “Let It Go.” Adele Dazeem's smash hit Academy Award winner had more than double the view count of the entire rest of the region combined, but the #1 seed was the unanimous loser to The Lion King's opening number. A controversy erupted in my office on Monday morning when my colleagues took issue with the #2/#7 upset: there are a lot of “Man Outta You”/Mulan fans out there, but “Go The Distance” is perhaps the best song from Hercules, one of Disney's strongest musicals (“The Gospel Truth” didn't even make the field! Outrage.).
The Nineties (also known as the Alan Menken decade) is without a doubt the strongest region in the tournament. One through eight could each make an argument for winning the whole thing. And fittingly, two of the most heated debates took place on this side of the bracket. I'm still bitter about the first one. Had you asked me to name the best Disney song ever, free of brackets and second guessing, I don't know that I would take a moment's pause before replying “Hakuna Matata.” What a wonderful song. It's catchy, it's funny, it's well-sung (Nathan Lane!) and its message is so accessible: nine out of ten 20somethings can tell you, verbatim, what Hakuna Matata means (you have just sung it in your head, didn't you?). So to see it bow out in the first round as the #2 seed? Devastating. I lobbied my fellow voting members as best I could, but ultimately it fell 3-2 to what, admittedly, is another very good song. The second flareup came in the Elite Eight: “Under the Sea” narrowly beat out the uproarious “Be Our Guest” from Beauty and the Beast for a spot in the final four. This vote was even closer, and required a few play-throughs of both before settling on The Little Mermaid classic.
The final region was a mess. In trying to separate songs from the same movies, 2013's Frozen ended up in the same region as 1959's Sleeping Beauty. But it was the nineties castaways that ran away with it: Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast, The Little Mermaid and Tarzan (on the strength of Phil Collins) made the Sweet Sixteen, and the region came down to two out-of-this-world hits. But the slight edge was given to Aladdin's “A Whole New World.” It's timeless, destined to live on forever in karaoke bars and American Idol auditions. It also benefitted from the memorable scene in which the song appears, aboard the magic carpet flying across the Arabian night skies. So there you have it: your four finalists. “When You Wish Upon a Star,” “Circle of Life,” “A Whole New World,” and “Under the Sea”
“When You Wish Upon a Star” is the closest thing The Walt Disney Company has to a theme song. It won the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1940, the first Disney song in a long lineage of them to win the Oscar. It's seventh on AFI's list of the 100 Greatest Songs In Film History. It's been covered by everyone from Billy Joel to N'Sync to Alvin and the Chipmunks. And yet it couldn't top the best song from the best movie in Disney's best decade. The opening notes of “Circle of Life,” paired with the sunrise over the savannah, may be the greatest opening scene in cinematic history (not to mention Broadway history), and strikes an emotional chord every time I hear it. But as good as Elton John's music is, Alan Menken is Disney. And his “Whole New World” is the best Disney song of all time. It beat out “Under the Sea” in the semis, and for us, it just felt more lower-case disney to us than “Circle of Life,” which has, in a sense, transcended its Disney roots. Here's the full bracket:
When the Bill of Rights � the first 10 amendments to the U.S. Constitution � were adopted in 1791, the Fourth Amendment was included to protected individuals from unlawful search and seizures.
The framers of the Constitution were outraged by the unfettered access British officials had to colonists� homes and persons. The new nation wanted to insure that any unlawful intrusion by the government would be dealt with swiftly and consistently � a lofty goal, even for the high-minded men who helped draft this enduring document.
Remarkably, much of the modern era of search and seizure jurisprudence has gone to the dogs, literally. Little would the framers believe that individuals would have to be protected from overzealous police work performed by dogs, albeit government dogs, but dogs nonetheless.
The U.S. Supreme Court heard oral argument recently in Rodriguez v. United States. At issue was whether a police officer �unnecessarily prolonged� an otherwise legal traffic stop by calling for a K-9 officer to walk a drug-sniffing dog around the stopped vehicle.
This is not the first time the U.S. Supreme Court has taken up the issue of four legged police personnel.
In 1983 and 2005, the Supreme Court declared that dog sniffs conducted by law enforcement in public places did not run afoul of the Fourth Amendment � such conduct did not intrude upon a �reasonable expectation of privacy.�
In 2000, the court ruled that routine drug checkpoints employing dog sniffs without suspicion resulted in an unlawful search under the Fourth Amendment. More recently, the Court ruled that using a drug-sniffing dog on the front porch of a residence is a �search,� and subject to the protections of the Fourth Amendment.
The Rodriguez case involved a valid traffic stop which the officer prolonged for seven or eight minutes in order to conduct a dog sniff of Rodriguez�s car. The entire traffic stop lasted about 30 minutes, at which point the dog alerted to methamphetamine and Rodriguez was arrested.
The case was appealed following Rodriguez�s conviction. The Court of Appeals found there was no �reasonable suspicion� for the dog-sniff detention. As a result, another doggy-cop case made its way to the high court.
The �reasonable suspicion� standard came about as a result of the 1968 landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision in Terry v. Ohio. Prior to Terry, and dating back to the birth of the Constitution, a Government official � or police officers as we came to know them � needed probable cause to detain an individual for investigatory purposes.
The Terry decision extended the authority to detain based on suspicion less than probable cause. The Court expected that a police officer conducting a �Terry stop,� as they came to be known, would be able to articulate a reason why she thought the individual detained might be involved in some criminal conduct.
In Rodriguez, there was no articulable reason to detain Rodriguez and his vehicle. The citation had been written and the driver should have been free to go on his way. As Rory Little wrote on the SCOTUSblog �Here, in a case premised on no reasonable suspicion of narcotics, approving a prolonged detention of any length for a narcotics dog sniff seems, as Justice [Elena] Kagan suggested, �just not right� under Terry.�
Justice Sonia Sotomayor also had concerns. She suggested during the Rodriguez argument that the Supreme Court�s recent Fourth Amendment jurisprudence was �flying off the rails� due to its pro-police deference, reported Reason Magazine.
�[W]e can�t keep bending the Fourth Amendment to the resources of law enforcement. Particularly when this stop is not � incidental to the purpose of the stop. It�s purely to help the police get more criminals, yes. But then the Fourth Amendment becomes a useless piece of paper.�
Matthew T. Mangino is of counsel with Luxenberg, Garbett, Kelly & George. His book, �The Executioner�s Toll, 2010,� was released by McFarland Publishing. You can reach him at mattmangino.com and follow him on Twitter at @MatthewTMangino.
Melissa Kayser had lost hope of becoming a mom after having nine miscarriages – until her older sister stepped in.
Kayser, 33, had been trying to have a baby for three years when doctors finally suggested, after fertility treatments and IVF, that she should consider a surrogate.
Read: Woman's Former Track Coach Carries Her Twins for Her After She's Diagnosed With Cancer
“I was devastated because you think as women we are literally born to do one thing and that's to reproduce and when you can't do that one thing you feel like a failure,” Kayser told InsideEdition.com. “I didn't know if I could emotionally handle another woman being able to carry my child.”
That's when Kayser's sister, 35-year-old Lisa Auten, offered to carry a baby for her.
“I couldn't stand watching Melissa go through loss after loss," Auten told InsideEdition.com. "She hurt so badly and she just wanted a child so bad. If I could help give her a family, then I was going to do it."
Doctors recommended that the sister have two embryos implanted. No one was expecting both to take, however, because doctors said one of the embryos was poor quality.
But then came the news: It was twins.
“I think we were all a little bit shocked. My sister was telling them to count again,” Kayser said. “My sister had a really good pregnancy and very little complications. I got to be at all the ultrasounds and got to feel the babies kick. We did a gender reveal and we tried to make things fun and memorable.”
The baby girls, Tierney and Ashlynn, are now 6 weeks old.
The sisters, however, are still going through the process of getting Kayser listed as their official mom due to Nebraska law. Although the twins are biologically Kayser's, Auten was listed on the birth certificate and Auten has to relinquish her parental rights to allow Kayser to ‘adopt' her children.
The adoption will take place when the girls reach 6 months old.
Auten said she still doesn't want to have kids of her own although pregnancy was a fun experience for her.
“I never saw myself being a mom. I enjoyed being pregnant, but the experience has not changed my mind," Auten said. "I am just fine being an aunt."
Read: Woman Acts as Surrogate Mother of Twins for Sister Who Can't Have Kids Due to Cancer
And Kayser is extremely grateful for the gifts her big sister has given her.
“Every day I am in awe. You hear women say you don't really know love until you have children. They really do complete me,” Kayser said. “There's never any words that I can say to thank her for what she did. She gave up a year of her life so that we could have a family. I could never repay.”
Watch: Surrogate Mother Drops to the Ground in Hilarious Attempt to Dance Baby Out
The Legion of Nothing has had nearly 1.8 million pageviews since it began, nearly three quarters of a million in the last twelve months. During the summer, the ebook of the first year of stories appeared regularly in the list of Amazon's top 100 selling superhero novels. It's been positively reviewed as a serial on Web Fiction Guide, and as novel at Goodreads, and Amazon.
The Legion of Nothing: Vol. 1, Rebirth
I'd like to make more of the Legion's adventures available on Amazon, but 1889 Labs, the small press I was working with, is not currently publishing new fiction.
To bring the books to readers at the same level of quality as before, I'll need your help.
Where the Legion of Nothing Came From:
Back in 2007, I'd decided I wanted to publish a story on my blog. It couldn't be a story that publishing houses would want because then I would have lost out on a chance to become a published author.
Fortunately, superhero fiction (stories about superheroes without the comic) was completely impossible to publish. It didn't even have a section where you'd expect to find it in the local bookstore.
If it appeared at all, it would be the novelization of a movie in the science fiction section.
The Story I Wanted To See:
Once I knew that, I began to think about the superhero stories that I wanted to see. I wanted to write stories consistent with the years of time I'd spent learning Tae Kwon Do. I wanted to write stories where the fights felt realistic, but also fights where the violence wasn't glorified.
In my view at least, I'd read too many stories where one tough guy fought another tough guy, and both of them were completely used to the idea that they'd probably completely destroy a city's downtown when they fought.
I wanted to write about people who wouldn't be used to it, people who would feel guilty if they destroyed somebody's small business during a fight, and people who would be bothered about how much they'd have to hurt somebody to stop them.
In the end I came up with Nick Klein and his friends, teenagers who'd inherited their powers and equipment from their nearly legendary grandparents. They're simultaneously kids of whom great things are expected, but also kids who are connected to cape culture, but not part of it.
This means that the life of a superhero is familiar to them, but it's not normal.
Where We Are Now:
In the past seven years, the Legion of Nothing has gone from a series of stories on my blog to a story that people outside my family and friends have actually heard of.
I'd like to turn the next two years of Legion of Nothing stories into ebooks and print, and I'd like to do it with the same standards as before.
With $1,500, I'll be able to publish the second Legion of Nothing book (Powers) and the campaign will be fully funded.
What I'm Asking For:
I'm asking for $1500. This is how it breaks down.
$500 for creating a cover and formatting it for print and ebook
$250 for proofreading
$250 for ISBN numbers
$500 for rewards and taxes
If we make $3000, it will be pretty much the same for the second book except add $500 for editing the second book and skip the $250 for ISBN numbers.
Stretch Goals:
With $3000, I'll be able to publish the third book (Dueling Powers).
To help encourage people to donate and reach $3000, I've made a few changes.
To rewards:
As of now, anyone who donated $25 or more automatically gets all three ebooks in their preferred format--Kindle, epub, or pdf.
Also as of now, anyone who donated more than $150 gets signed print versions of the first three books.
It's worth noting, however, that book 3 ebooks and printed books will come in April rather than January.
A Young Woman lost her Temper when a Military veteran brought his PTSD Dog inside the Restaurant
A shocking footage just went viral showing an angry woman ranting on the military veteran who brought his PTSD dog inside the restaurant.
Watch the video.
Just a moment later when a military veteran entered the restaurant with his PTSD dog, a female customer went mad and started shouting and swearing acutely over the man and workers at the place.
Many diners and workers gathered up to calm her down but she went on ranting her abusive words while the targeted man remained silent standing near his dog during the verbal combat.
The short-tempered woman was not stopping and she told the veteran that he is not allowed to enter a public dining place with his dog. Meanwhile, a waitress can be listened screaming “He is allowed because he fought for our country”.
But the outraged lady was unstoppable. She responded fitfully claiming that her husband was also a military man and he died abroad.
She continued her rant saying that “It's nasty to me, it's fu***** disgusting. She didn't even hesitate before calling various workers and diners around ho** and bi****.
You can see her ostensibly embarrassed fellow man who apparently had no authority to stop her meaningless outburst. While the victim military man also remained silent. In the interim, one of the workers encouraged the lady to leave the place.
The man didn't even enter with a nasty dog the military coat can be seen worn by the dog.
But the woman continued her bluster saying, “There should be a separate section for the f****** animals”.
When a worker finally made her think about leaving, she came back in and shouted, “It's my opinion, none of y'll are gonna change it. It's disgusting, it's gross”.
Finally, she went out and the manager apologized for the discomfort.
The video has been seen by hundreds of thousands of people and the woman is receiving continuous criticism for not respecting herself and others in a public place.
Save
Save
Save
Smoke rises after serial bomb blasts took place at the venue of Narendra Modi's Hunkar rally in Patna.
There are conflicting reports about a man who managed to escape - with apparent ease - on Wednesday from the custody of the National Investigation Agency (NIA) and the country's top counter-terror agency. The man claimed to have crucial information about Sunday's serial blasts in Patna. He has reportedly been found on a train in Uttar Pradesh this evening.The National Investigating Agency or NIA claims that because Mehre Alam had not been formally arrested, it's incorrect to say that he escaped.Mehre Alam, according to the NIA, showed up in Patna and offered to help locate Haider Ali, who is allegedly a senior commander of the terror group Indian Mujahideen and is wanted for Sunday's blasts in which six people died and 83 were injured.He led investigators to a village where he said Haider Ali was hiding, but the search proved fruitless and on the way back, Mehre Alam, who was staying with members of the Bihar Police and the NIA at a lodge, excused himself to go to the toilet - and didn't return. The police then began searching for him.The blasts on Sunday preceded a massive rally held in the capital by Narendra Modi, the BJP's candidate for Prime Minister. Six people are named in the First Information Report of FIR filed in the case. Two of them have been arrested. Among them is Imtiaz Ansari, the alleged mastermind. But Tehseen Akhtar, an alleged senior commander of the Indian Mujahideen and Haider Ali, who helped orchestrate the attack, are among the suspects who have not yet been found.
For more than 60 years these places, 170 kilometers to the North of Murmansk, were considered confidential. Nowadays a strict regime of access operates also.
These mysterious objects were built during World War II by the Germans. They are located near the village of Liinakhamari, in the Pechenga district, close to the Barents Sea. There are different stories about their purpose, one says that it is a platform for artillery guns, but they are aimed back from the Gulf, to where the Soviet warships could appear, another says that they are launching pads for the Wehrmacht's unknown flying objects.
Two checkpoints on the way to Liinakhamari confirms the strict regime.
A strange and interesting statement of the Soviet era.
A house is located on the shore of the bay “Girl's Backwater”, right at the exit of the Barents Sea.
The bay
The first ring is flooded by groundwater. It is strange because the ring is located above sea level.
Three different edges can be seen.
The concrete of which the ring is made, is in very good condition.
The 2015 season marked the end of the cycle for GP3's second chassis - the Dallara GP3/13, much more powerful than its predecessor, yet also quite a bit less exciting to watch in race trim.
In many ways, 2015 proved the GP3/13's best season, an excellent battle for the championship that went down to the wire headlining a campaign with a number of enjoyable tyre-degradation races and a few classic late-season battles.
The quality out front was top-notch, arguably as good as ever, albeit the depth of talent further down the order wasn't all that great and a few teams struggled to get all three of their seats filled.
But the frontrunners made it all worthwhile - and below, we count down the key names of the GP3/13's swansong.
Honourable mentions
Ralph Boschung was easily one of the most impressive rookies in the field, not only mastering the big jump from ADAC Formel Masters, but also outperforming his more experienced teammates. He scored more than both of the other Jenzer drivers combined and held on for a maiden podium at Silverstone.
Oscar Tunjo secured one of GP3's most memorable victories in a tyre-degradation-driven charge from ninth to first at Spielberg - although he would end up leaving Trident just a round later, having completed only six races.
Artur Janosz, also a Trident driver, struggled to get going early on, having joined GP3 from Euroformula Open. But he seemed to click with the series eventually and the points he scored proved crucial for Trident in beating Arden to second in the teams' standings.
10. Jann Mardenborough
Carlin
9th, 58 points
Share of team's points haul: 39.5%
There was certainly reason to expect more from the partnership between the 2014 campaign's two biggest surprises – the sudden frontrunning Carlin team and Mardenborough, who had gone from being a top-line Gran Turismo player to a bona fide winner in GP3.
But while there wasn't that much progress for the latter, his open-wheel reputation was certainly solidified – and it is impressive just how well he's gelled with this level despite what is an entirely different career path.
Much of Mardenborough's 2015 points' haul was gained in the early rounds when Carlin seemed on top of the high tyre degradation – but, on the other hand, many points appeared lost due to the British team's struggles in qualifying.
But in the end, the campaign yielded a solid two podiums – and could've resulted in more if Mardenborough didn't skip two rounds.
9. Matt Parry
Koiranen GP
8th, 67 points
Share of team's points haul: 34.4%
Having run with Fortec since 2012, former Caterham junior Parry left to new pastures after a difficult season in Formula Renault 2.0 – and the switch to GP3 largely paid dividends.
He adapted to the new series quickly enough, especially in terms of one-lap pace, more often than not heading his Koiranen teammates in qualifying.
A maiden podium came on home turn at Silverstone, with two more later in the season – albeit his resulting points haul did suffer a bit from a few rookie mistakes and an unfortunate DSQ at Monza.
Keeping him on board could be Koiranen's best shot at a proper drivers' title challenge thus far, albeit he also tested with Trident in the post-season.
8. Antonio Fuoco
Carlin
6th, 88 points
Share of team's points haul: 59.9%
Fuoco broke through onto the scene with a Formula Renault Alps title in 2013 (his main rival then was one Luca Ghiotto) but for the next two seasons, he found himself overshadowed by Esteban Ocon – his teammate in 2014 and a fellow F3-to-GP3 convert in '15.
His qualifying pace suggested he wouldn't have been able to fight for the title in his rookie season, but he certainly could've bagged a maiden win – and surely would have if not for some costly, self-inflicted retirements on Sundays.
Still, he was Carlin's best driver more often than not and the talent is still clearly there – even if the results were hard to come by, with only two podiums from the campaign.
He was reliably up front in his two post-season days with Trident and the fact he is set to be retained by Ferrari should make another GP3 season a reality. But 2016 might see GP3 get another (likely) Ferrari junior in Charles Leclerc – and how Fuoco stacks up against the Monegasque will be crucial.
7. Jimmy Eriksson
Koiranen GP
5th, 118 points
Share of team's points haul: 60.1%
Eriksson's debut 2013 campaign could not have been more different to his 2014 follow-up. The former featured no points and largely no pace – the latter, following a switch to Koiranen, saw Eriksson be arguably second-best to champion Alex Lynn.
2015 fits somewhere inbetween those – the Swede never quite reached the heights of last year, but did a thoroughly professional job.
He didn't once qualify on the first two rows, yet made up for it by reliably banking points. And while a fuel pump failure robbed him and Koiranen of a first win of 2015 at Monza, Eriksson bounced back with an overdue win at Sochi.
GP2, hopefully, awaits the Swede after he did all three days of the post-season test. He'd make for a welcome addition to the grid, but will need a better rookie season than the one he had in GP3.
6. Kevin Ceccon
Arden International
7th, 77 points
Share of team's points haul: 28.0%
It's hard to imagine Ceccon being among the title contenders even if he caught more breaks this season – but finishing seventh is nowhere near representative of the Italian's 2015 efforts.
After a rather messy start to his Arden tenure, he soon became one of the grid's quicker drivers, but qualifying within the top-five in the five final rounds of the season only yielded one Saturday points finish.
Particularly galling was Yas Marina, where he was heading for a victory, only for his car to give up the ghost midway through the race. Still, he had secured two wins earlier – even if both were from reverse-grid races.
It feels like Ceccon has been around forever – he first rose to prominence by winning the AutoGP title back in 2011. But he's still just 22 and well-deserving of a GP2 promotion, although his absence from the post-season test is a worrying sign.
5. Alex Palou
Campos Racing
10th, 51 points
Share of team's points haul: 100%
The least experienced full-timer on the grid, Palou was just one year out of karting at the beginning of his GP3 campaign – and he was thrown in at the deep end, heading Campos' first campaign in the series.
Impressively, he qualified no lower than fourth in the first three rounds, but a mixture of poor starts and frequent mechanical failures left him with no points from the early stages of the campaign.
He did finish in the top 10 in nine of the last 10 races, only denied a perfect record by a throttle failure. And reverse-grid pole at Yas Marina finally yielded a sublime win as he headed Fuoco by four seconds at the flag.
Palou, who scored all of Campos' points this year, is expected to stay with the Spanish team in 2016 and will be a major force to be reckoned with if the team's reliability is improved.
4. Marvin Kirchhofer
ART Grand Prix
3rd, 200 points
Share of team's points haul: 41.9%
He might've scored five wins to Ocon's one, but there's little denying Kirchhofer was usually behind his teammate in terms of sheer pace – only outqualifying him once.
The very highly-rated German will be disappointed to have qualified on the front row only once, but he usually kept it very clean in the races and brought it home in first place when he got the chance.
Still, the struggles with qualifying pace meant he simply couldn't have outscored the leading duo unless they made serious mistakes – and they never quite did.
Third in the standings both years, he tested F3.5, not GP2 in the post-season – but the spots in the AVF team he ran with have since been taken. DTM might be an option, given that he ran with Mercedes, but he is certainly good enough to continue working his way up the open-wheel ladder.
3. Emil Bernstorff
Arden International
4th, 194 points
Share of team's points haul: 70.6%
In many ways, Bernstorff has spent the last two years in the shadow of Kirchhofer, the duo having been teammates in German F3 in 2013 (when Kirchhofer dominated) and then frontrunners in GP3's rookie class in 2014.
But while Bernstorff once more finished behind the German in the standings, he did seem just that little bit quicker this season – and brought upon Arden's resurgence after a poor 2014 campaign for the British squad.
Never on pole but never below seventh in qualifying, Bernstorff was arguably the grid's most spectacular driver in wheel-to-wheel racing, pulling off many a late overtake – but three costly sprint race retirements, for which he was largely blameless, scuppered his title chances.
He never did seem like the richest driver around so the move to GP2 might be difficult to secure, albeit Arden did give him a run in the final day of the post-season test.
2. Luca Ghiotto
Trident
2nd, 245 points
Share of team's points haul: 86.9%
Ghiotto ending his first GP3 season as runner-up is no surprise since he's always been a top-line talent – but many are, perhaps, a bit caught out by just how close he ran Ocon.
Unmatched in qualifying, his five poles in a season a new GP3 series record, he did often throw away his advantage at the start and couldn't match Ocon's consistency.
But he also had a tendency towards the spectacular, going from the back of the field to third at Monza or from sixth into the lead at Sochi.
When Ocon upped his pace late in the season, Ghiotto had no answer, but it surely won't put much of a damper on his excellent campaign. Rumours now suggest Red Bull might be interested in him, which could help secure a deserved promotion to GP2.
1. Esteban Ocon
ART Grand Prix
1st, 253 points
Share of team's points haul: 53.0%
Nobody has ever won GP3 with just one race victory before Ocon but, then again, nobody has even come close to the Frenchman's superb tally of 14 podiums.
It's hard to argue against an Ocon championship being the correct outcome. His pace was most consistent, his mistakes were least costly and his starts in sprint races, crucial in a series where overtaking can be tough without tyre degradation, were a massive factor.
Say what you will about runner-up being the first loser, but finishing second nine times in a row is a mark of a special driver. And Ocon is very special – he wouldn't be under the wing of Formula 1's best team if that wasn't the case.
What Mercedes now does with him is unclear – he was completely absent from the post-season GP2 test at Yas Marina and has been tipped for a DTM seat, although this surely must depend on Pascal Wehrlein's 2016 plans.
With all that in mind, however, there's no denying there simply has to be a racing seat for Ocon somewhere in 2016 – him being sidelined would be a major embarrassment for the whole junior ladder.
# Artist - Title (Remix) 01 grab Ponicz - The Record Shop
Guest 12 02 1:45 grab The Frim - Hi NEVER SAY DIE
topherp2 (12) 16 03 2:00 grab Twine - The Killing Machine SMOG
Guest 15 04 3:00 grab LAXX - Brainbug MUST DIE! Remix ) NEVER SAY DIE
Diriger (82.2k) 62 05 6:00 grab ALGO - World Of Hurt SMOG
Guest 10 06 7:00 grab Invictous - Smack Town
Guest 1 07 9:00 grab 50 Carrot & Coffi - LDN TWN GENTLEMEN'S CLUB
Guest 24 08 10:20 grab Ponicz - Rowdy NSD: BLACK LABEL
Guest 9 09 11:43 grab 12th Planet & Getter - Point Click SMOG
Guest 13 w/ 11:43 grab Dirtyphonics & 12th Planet ft. Julie Hardy - Freefall DIM MAK
Rubnz (17.9k) 13 10 14:00 grab Skrillex ft. Ragga Twins - All Is Fair In Love And Brostep OWSLA
Diriger (82.2k) 173 11 15:00 grab Megalodon - Mustachio DUBLINE
Guest 5 12 15:53 grab Dubloadz & TrollPhace - Dangalang SMOG
Guest 23 13 16:52 grab Bukez Finezt - Phat Bitch ( VIP ) FIREPOWER
Diriger (82.2k) 7 14 18:04 grab M A Z E - Zooted
Guest 9 15 20:00 grab Bommer & Crowell - Yasuo SMOG
Guest 107 16 22:00 grab Barron & Ponicz - Flava SMOG
Guest 13 17 23:00 grab Dubloadz - Heat SMOG
Guest 13 18 25:00 grab Skrillex & 12th Planet & Kill The Noise ft. GMCFOSHO - Burst SMOG
Guest 124 19 27:00 grab David Heartbreak ft. Leftside - Rebel TrollPhace Remix ) OWSLA
Diriger (82.2k) 71 20 29:00 grab M A Z E - Forfeit
Guest 4 21 30:00 grab Dubloadz - Fight Music ( VIP ) ROTTUN
Diriger (82.2k) 10 22 32:00 grab 12th Planet & Protohype - Like This FIREPOWER
Rubnz (17.9k) 20 23 35:00 grab Stratus - Power Up SMOG
Diriger (82.2k) 1 24 36:00 grab Bare vs. Yeah Yeah Yeahs & A-Trak - Heads Will Staxx Bare Edit ) FOOL'S GOLD BUYGORE
Diriger (82.2k) 9 Yeah Yeah Yeahs - Heads Will Roll A-Trak Remix ) FOOL'S GOLD 995 Bare - Staxx BUYGORE 47 25 38:00 grab Snails & Antiserum - Wild OWSLA
Diriger (82.2k) 142 w/ 38:37 grab French Montana ft. Rick Ross & Drake & Lil Wayne - Pop That INTERSCOPE
Guest 179 26 39:00 grab Flux Pavilion - I Can't Stop CIRCUS RECORDS
Diriger (82.2k) 644 27 40:00 grab Meowski666 aka Dillon Francis & Kill The Noise - Meow Machine FREE
Diriger (82.2k) 37 28 41:00 grab Carnage & Junkie Kid - Krakatoa (SPINNIN' MUSICAL FREEDOM
Diriger (82.2k) 140 29 42:23 grab Bear Grillz & 12th Planet - Big Room FIREPOWER
Diriger (82.2k) 2 30 44:00 grab 12th Planet & Protohype ft. KillaGraham - Brick SMOG
Diriger (82.2k) 77 31 48:00 grab Mightyfools & Yellow Claw - Lick Dat BARONG FAMILY
Diriger (82.2k) 189 32 51:00 grab Bassnectar ft. Simon Morel - Open Up 12th Planet & SPL Remix ) AMORPHOUS
Guest 1 33 54:00 grab Zomboy & MUST DIE! - Survivors NEVER SAY DIE
Diriger (82.2k) 213 34 56:00 grab 12th Planet & Juakali - Reasons Doctor P Remix ) SMOG
Diriger (82.2k) 97 35 57:00 grab 12th Planet & Protohype - Shady SMOG
Diriger (82.2k) 13 36 1:00:00 grab 12th Planet & Flinch - The End Is Near Pt. 1 Dirtyphonics Remix ) SMOG
Rubnz (17.9k) 10 Submit Cue Changes Add a (live) video from this event for a track not listed here
If you dread writing your first-of-the-month check, you're not alone.
Apartment rents are continuing to rise rapidly across the country as landlords pushed through big hikes over the past year, even as household income remain squeezed.
The average monthly rent for an apartment rose to $1,099 in the second quarter of 2014, up 3.4% over the 12-month period ended in June, according to data from the real-estate research firm Reis. The second quarter was the 18th consecutive quarter of rent increases.
The ever-spiraling rental prices are because tight mortgage-lending standards keep younger people in the rental market longer, particularly in urban areas. With vacancies at just 4.1%, rental supply is tight — and as a result, average rents have increased 14% since the end of 2009.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
In San Francisco, San Jose, Calif. and Seattle, rent growth exceeded 6% in the past year, and even cities like Charleston, S.C. and Nashville, Tenn.—cities not associated with high rents—saw growth of about 5% over the same period.
New York City was the most expensive rent market with an average rent of $3,152/month, with San Francisco the second most expensive.
Meanwhile household income stagnated in 2012 at $50,017, well below 2007's peak of $55,627, adjusting for inflation, the Wall Street Journal reports, making it harder for renters to afford their apartments.
Maybe it really is time to vote for the Rent Is Too Damn High Party, the mostly New York-based political party that's as frustrated with landlords as you are.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
It could give a whole new meaning to buried treasure.
A national foundation wants to store millions of videos, films and other recordings 60 storeys underground in an old Norad bunker near North Bay, Ont. in an effort to preserve the vast electronic record of Canadian history.
The Canadian Broadcast Museum Foundation is talking to federal officials about turning the mothballed complex into a secure repository for the country's endangered audio-visual archive. It would also include photographs, scripts, set designs and other items of interest.
CBC archives back to the 30s
The foundation, a charitable organization dedicated to preservation of broadcast heritage, is working with the CBC to document its analog collection dating from the 1930s — a move that will help smooth its eventual transfer to the foundation's custody.
The space needed to safeguard the CBC/Radio-Canada collections alone will be about one million cubic feet, said Kealy Wilkinson, the foundation's executive director.
What can you fit into a million cubic feet?
The foundation is also aware of other significant collections held on a makeshift basis in institutions around the country. Inclusion of these materials would require another 800,000 to one million cubic feet.
The idea is to preserve original items even after they are copied into digital formats.
"It's absolutely critical to preserve the originals," Wilkinson said.
Digital copies don't last forever and must be moved to new formats when old ones fall out of use, and each transfer carries a risk of quality loss, she added. "You're not dealing with the original thing any longer, not even necessarily a very good copy as time goes on."
Throwing decades-old tapes and films in the dumpster would be akin to tossing out Emily Carr paintings, early settler maps or Canadian war-service records, she said. "You just don't do that."
In addition, digital materials stored on hard drives are vulnerable to viruses and electromagnetic attacks that can wipe out records.
Library and Archives Canada doesn't have the needed space for the collections, Wilkinson said. The foundation has an audio-visual storehouse in Toronto, but it is getting full.
Wilkinson considers the Norad site ideal due to its size, humidity and temperature controls, and other construction features that insulate it from seismic shock or external blast damage.
Complex built to withstand 4-megaton explosion
The military says the underground complex — completed in 1963 to monitor the skies for signs of enemy aggression — was engineered to withstand a four-megaton nuclear explosion, 267 times more powerful than the Hiroshima bomb.
Known to locals as "The Hole," it housed a cafeteria, medical facility, operations rooms, command post and computer area. Three 19-ton steel blast doors could be closed to protect the hundreds of workers inside.
Post-apocalyptic sci-fi film "The Colony," starring Bill Paxton and Laurence Fishburne, was filmed there five years ago.
The 2013 movie 'The Colony,' starring Laurence Fishburne and Kevin Zegers, was filmed in the Norad bunker. (RLJ Entertainment/Image Entertainment)
Wilkinson's inquiry late last year to Canadian Heritage about the underground complex led her to National Defence.
The foundation has hired consultants, with a nod from Defence, to evaluate the state of the facility. "There's obviously no point in our trying to push this idea forward unless we know that it's feasible."
Many details, including the cost of refurbishing the complex, are uncertain. But Wilkinson anticipates there would be an above-ground visitor centre for research purposes.
"That's the whole point of this — to make sure that it is accessible to Canadians. It's their cultural product, and their history."
Neil Desai is an executive with Magnet Forensics and a Fellow with the Munk School of Global Affairs at the University of Toronto.
Over the past few weeks, jurisdictions across North America, including some Canadian cities, have been gearing up their bids to host Amazon's second headquarters. The prize for politicians is 50,000 high-paying jobs, with tens of thousands of indirect jobs and tax windfalls to follow.
Unlike most corporate lobbying efforts, Amazon has opted to widely broadcast their wish list, in the hopes of creating a bidding war. On that list, proximity to tech-savvy universities and colleges, an international airport and access to generous financial incentives ranked highest. The company also stated that quality-of-life considerations, such as access to public transit and affordable housing for their would-be employees, would drive their ultimate decision.
Story continues below advertisement
The Greater Toronto Area, with the backing of Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne, has stated it will make an aggressive bid, under the stewardship of former TD Bank chief Ed Clark. While the GTA has most of these quality-of-life considerations, protectionist political sentiments in the United States would likely make such an investment by Amazon in Canada to, in part, service the U.S. marketplace politically unpalatable. And Mr. Clark's statement that the GTA bid won't include financial subsidies to the e-commerce giant probably grounded the bid before it ever takes flight.
The competitive nature of Amazon's bidding process will leave the winning bidder with a long-term conundrum. Like other large companies who play the financial-incentives game with state/provincial and municipal governments, Amazon will only be loyal to its hosts as long as the incentives keep flowing.
This has been the case for the North American automotive industry and other manufacturing industries who skewed their cost-curves with government incentives and one-off deals. Once those deals were reaching their end, they venue shopped again looking for the next best deal. If no desperate suitor appeared, global manufacturing, with lower labour costs, emerged as the next best option.
The only difference between those industries and Amazon is the fact that their assets were largely tangible, such as machinery and product, meaning there is a heavy cost to relocate. Amazon and the technology industry's greatest asset is their intangible asset, intellectual property, which can be moved on a whim. This gives them unprecedented clout when it comes time for renegotiation. This argument alone won't likely persuade politicians from backing out of bidding, as many are up for election now. The prospect of short-term, high-paying job-creation is much too good to consider the long-term negatives.
But is this truly net job creation? Amazon is a cutting-edge technology company, employing computer scientists, engineers, data scientists, highly specialized marketing and sales professionals as well as managers with global experience. These fields are in high demand, both in Canada and around the world.
The short-term result for the broader technology sector in the region is better described as job-shuffling for the highly trained, and this comes with a downside. When you create a large number of new jobs without increasing the supply of highly skilled employees, wages inevitably go up. The consequence of this for Canadian tech firms is grave; if they are priced out of the market for talent, this can stall or even halt their growth.
Then there's the issue of ideas conceived of in universities and small Canadian companies flowing to a giant such as Amazon, where they can be commercialized, or buried, much more quickly. Our government subsidizes the creation of intellectual property heavily. If Amazon gobbles up these innovations before they're commercialized in Canada, they can move them anywhere in the world to be commercialized or choose not to advance them at all. Canadian's won't get a solid return on their investment in this case.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
You can't fault Amazon for trying to get the best deal possible for its shareholders, both in the short and long term. Our politicians need to be equally shrewd when deliberating such deals. They need to consider both the short-term benefits and long-term impacts when developing economic policies and strategies.
Canada is not without potential of creating a global tech giant. Ottawa's Shopify and Montreal's Lightspeed, also in the e-commerce space, and Cambridge's eSentire, a cybersecurity company, are just three examples of companies with proprietary technology that are scaling quickly.
Our politicians need to consider our promising tech companies and longer-term economic analysis. Creating an environment for a Canadian firm to scale up into a global powerhouse similar to Amazon would pay greater dividends than luring an existing tech giant.
The question is, are our politicians ready to forego short-term "opportunities" such as Amazon's headquarters in order to work on more important, albeit tougher, pursuit of helping scale Canadian technology companies to the benefit of all Canadians?
phpfmt support for Sublime Text 3
Installation
Requirements
You must have a running copy of PHP on the machine you are running Sublime Text
Plugin runs with PHP 7.0 or newer installed in the machine running the plugin.
Install this plugin through Package Manager.
In Sublime Text press ctrl+shift+P
Choose Package Control: Install Package
Choose phpfmt
Configuration (Windows)
Edit configuration file ( %AppData%\Sublime Text\Packages\phpfmt\phpfmt.sublime-settings )
) For field "php_bin" enter the path to the php.exe Example: "php_bin":"c:/PHP/php.exe"
Configuration (OS X and Linux)
Edit configuration file ( phpfmt.sublime-settings )
) For field "php_bin" enter the path to the php Example: "php_bin":"/usr/local/bin/php"
Settings
Prefer using the toggle options at command palette. However you might find yourself in need to setup where PHP is running, use this option below for the configuration file.
{ "php_bin":"/usr/local/bin/php", }
The following features are available through command palette ( ctrl+shift+P or cmd+shift+P ) :
phpfmt: format now
phpfmt: indentation with spaces
phpfmt: toggle additional transformations
phpfmt: toggle excluded transformations
phpfmt: toggle skip execution when .php.tools.ini is missing
phpfmt: toggle autocomplete
phpfmt: toggle dependency autoimport
phpfmt: toggle format on save
phpfmt: toggle PSR1 - Class and Methods names
phpfmt: toggle PSR1
phpfmt: toggle PSR2
phpfmt: analyse this
phpfmt: build autocomplete database
phpfmt: getter and setter (camelCase)
phpfmt: getter and setter (Go)
phpfmt: getter and setter (snake_case)
phpfmt: generate PHPDoc block
phpfmt: look for .php.tools.ini
phpfmt: reorganize content of class
phpfmt: enable/disable additional transformations
phpfmt: troubleshoot information
phpfmt: update PHP binary path
Currently Supported Transformations:
AddMissingParentheses Add extra parentheses in new instantiations.
AliasToMaster Replace function aliases to their masters - only basic syntax alias.
AlignConstVisibilityEquals Vertically align “=” of visibility and const blocks.
AlignDoubleArrow Vertically align T_DOUBLE_ARROW (=>).
AlignDoubleSlashComments Vertically align “//” comments.
AlignEquals Vertically align “=”.
AlignGroupDoubleArrow Vertically align T_DOUBLE_ARROW (=>) by line groups.
AlignPHPCode Align PHP code within HTML block.
AlignTypehint Vertically align function type hints.
AllmanStyleBraces Transform all curly braces into Allman-style.
AutoPreincrement Automatically convert postincrement to preincrement.
AutoSemicolon Add semicolons in statements ends.
CakePHPStyle Applies CakePHP Coding Style
ClassToSelf “self” is preferred within class, trait or interface.
ClassToStatic “static” is preferred within class, trait or interface.
ConvertOpenTagWithEcho Convert from “<?=” to “<?php echo ”.
DocBlockToComment Replace docblocks with regular comments when used in non structural elements.
DoubleToSingleQuote Convert from double to single quotes.
EchoToPrint Convert from T_ECHO to print.
EncapsulateNamespaces Encapsulate namespaces with curly braces
GeneratePHPDoc Automatically generates PHPDoc blocks
IndentTernaryConditions Applies indentation to ternary conditions.
JoinToImplode Replace implode() alias (join() -> implode()).
LeftWordWrap Word wrap at 80 columns - left justify.
LongArray Convert short to long arrays.
MergeElseIf Merge if with else.
SplitElseIf Merge if with else.
MergeNamespaceWithOpenTag Ensure there is no more than one linebreak before namespace
MildAutoPreincrement Automatically convert postincrement to preincrement. (Deprecated pass. Use AutoPreincrement instead).
NewLineBeforeReturn Add an empty line before T_RETURN.
OrganizeClass Organize class, interface and trait structure.
OrderAndRemoveUseClauses Order use block and remove unused imports.
OnlyOrderUseClauses Order use block - do not remove unused imports.
OrderMethod Organize class, interface and trait structure.
OrderMethodAndVisibility Organize class, interface and trait structure.
PHPDocTypesToFunctionTypehint Read variable types from PHPDoc blocks and add them in function signatures.
PrettyPrintDocBlocks Prettify Doc Blocks
PSR2EmptyFunction Merges in the same line of function header the body of empty functions.
PSR2MultilineFunctionParams Break function parameters into multiple lines.
ReindentAndAlignObjOps Align object operators.
ReindentSwitchBlocks Reindent one level deeper the content of switch blocks.
RemoveIncludeParentheses Remove parentheses from include declarations.
RemoveSemicolonAfterCurly Remove semicolon after closing curly brace.
RemoveUseLeadingSlash Remove leading slash in T_USE imports.
ReplaceBooleanAndOr Convert from “and”/“or” to “&&”/“||”. Danger! This pass leads to behavior change.
ReplaceIsNull Replace is_null($a) with null === $a.
RestoreComments Revert any formatting of comments content.
ReturnNull Simplify empty returns.
ShortArray Convert old array into new array. (array() -> [])
SmartLnAfterCurlyOpen Add line break when implicit curly block is added.
SortUseNameSpace Organize use clauses by length and alphabetic order.
SpaceAroundControlStructures Add space around control structures.
SpaceAroundExclamationMark Add spaces around exclamation mark.
SpaceBetweenMethods Put space between methods.
StrictBehavior Activate strict option in array_search, base64_decode, in_array, array_keys, mb_detect_encoding. Danger! This pass leads to behavior change.
StrictComparison All comparisons are converted to strict. Danger! This pass leads to behavior change.
StripExtraCommaInArray Remove trailing commas within array blocks
StripNewlineAfterClassOpen Strip empty lines after class opening curly brace.
StripNewlineAfterCurlyOpen Strip empty lines after opening curly brace.
StripNewlineWithinClassBody Strip empty lines after class opening curly brace.
StripSpaces Remove all empty spaces
StripSpaceWithinControlStructures Strip empty lines within control structures.
TightConcat Ensure string concatenation does not have spaces, except when close to numbers.
TrimSpaceBeforeSemicolon Remove empty lines before semi-colon.
UpgradeToPreg Upgrade ereg* calls to preg*
WordWrap Word wrap at 80 columns.
WrongConstructorName Update old constructor names into new ones. http://php.net/manual/en/language.oop5.decon.php
YodaComparisons Execute Yoda Comparisons.
What does it do?
Before After <?php for($i = 0; $i < 10; $i++) { if($i%2==0) echo "Flipflop"; } <?php for ($i = 0; $i < 10; $i++) { if ($i%2 == 0) { echo "Flipflop"; } } <?php $a = 10; $otherVar = 20; $third = 30; <?php $a = 10; $otherVar = 20; $third = 30; This can be enabled with the option “enable_auto_align” <?php namespace NS\Something; use \OtherNS\C; use \OtherNS\B; use \OtherNS\A; use \OtherNS\D; $a = new A(); $b = new C(); $d = new D(); <?php namespace NS\Something; use \OtherNS\A; use \OtherNS\C; use \OtherNS\D; $a = new A(); $b = new C(); $d = new D(); note how it sorts the use clauses, and removes unused ones
What does it do? - PSR version
Before After <?php for($i = 0; $i < 10; $i++) { if($i%2==0) echo "Flipflop"; } <?php for ($i = 0; $i < 10; $i++) { if ($i%2 == 0) { echo "Flipflop"; } } Note the identation of 4 spaces. <?php class A { function a(){ return 10; } } <?php class A { public function a() { return 10; } } Note the braces position, and the visibility adjustment in the method a(). <?php namespace NS\Something; use \OtherNS\C; use \OtherNS\B; use \OtherNS\A; use \OtherNS\D; $a = new A(); $b = new C(); $d = new D(); <?php namespace NS\Something; use \OtherNS\A; use \OtherNS\C; use \OtherNS\D; $a = new A(); $b = new C(); $d = new D(); note how it sorts the use clauses, and removes unused ones
Troubleshooting
Be sure you can run PHP from the command line.
If you need support, please open an issue at fmt issues
The Most FAQ
I want to use sublime-phpfmt, but it needs PHP 5.6 or newer and on my production server I have PHP 5.5 or older. What should I do?
Consider installing a standalone PHP 5.6 in a separate directory and have it not configured in the environment. Within the plugin, ensure php_bin parameter is pointed to this standalone installation.
Acknowledgements
PHP 7.1, the new minor version of PHP is finally here, with a number of new features, changes, and bug fixes. In this article, let's look at some of the awesome features in PHP 7.1. Like,
iterable pseudo type
Closure from callable
Square bracket syntax for list()
Support for keys in list
Class constant visibility
Nullable types
Void functions
Catching Multiple Exception Types
Too few arguments exception
I will also link to the corresponding RFCs for your reference.
Before we start: Would you like to try out PHP 7.1 without messing up the existing environment? Docker is your best friend! PHP 7.1 can be easily set up using Docker with one of these images.
To start a php 7.1 container:
docker run -v /Users/apple/Workplace/php/:/php -it php:7.1-rc bash
This will download (if not locally existing) the docker image for php:7.1-rc , start the container and take you inside the container using bash prompt. -v /Users/apple/Workplace/php/:/php option maps /Users/apple/Workplace/php directory of the host machine to /php directory inside the docker container. So everything inside /Users/apple/Workplace/php will be available in /php directory of the container.
Now we will move inside the /php directory.
cd /php
Cool! We are now ready to try out the new features in PHP 7.1.
1. iterable pseudo type
Let's say we have a function getUserNames , which accepts a list of users and returns their names as a list.
function getUserNames($users) { return nikic\map(function($user){ return $user->name; }, $users); }
Note: We are using nikic/iter library here.
The parameter $users could be an array or an object that implements Traversable . Till PHP 7, it was not possible to type hint this function as there is no common type that represents both array and Traversable.
To solve this problem, PHP 7.1 is introducing a new iterable pseudo type, which we can use to type hint anything that can be iterated using foreach .
function getUserNames(iterable $users): iterable { return nikic\map(function($user){ return $user->name; }, $users); }
Now this function can accept arrays, iterable objects, and generators.
Read RFC
2. Closure from callable
This feature allows us to create a closure from any callable function. Let's look at an example to understand this.
class MyClass { public function getCallback() { return Closure::fromCallable([$this, 'callback']); } public function callback($value) { echo $value . PHP_EOL; } } $callback = (new MyClass)->getCallback(); $callback('Hello World');
This is probably not a great example to explain why we need this feature but shows how we can use it. There are a couple of advantages of using Closure::fromCallable over the traditional way.
Better error handling - When using Closure::fromCallable , it shows errors in the right place instead of showing it where we are using the callable. This makes debugging a lot easier.
Wrapping scopes - The above example will work fine even if the callback is a private / protected method of MyClass .
Performance - This can also improve the performance by avoiding the overhead of checking if the given callable is actually a callable.
Read RFC
3. Square bracket syntax for list() aka Symmetric array destructuring
Short array syntax was one of the awesome feature introduced in PHP 5.4, which made working with arrays so much easier. Now, short list syntax enables us to use square brackets instead of list() , a construct to assign variables from an array.
//prior to php 7.1 list($firstName, $lastName) = ["John", "Doe"]; // php 7.1 [$firstName, $lastName] = ["John", "Doe"];
Read RFC
4. Support for keys in list
Until PHP7, list() only supported numerically indexed arrays with index starting from zero. We were not able to use it with associative arrays.
Now, this feature allows us to specify keys when destructuring arrays.
$user = [ "first_name" => "John", "last_name" => "Doe"]; ["first_name" => $firstName, "last_name" => $lastName]= $user;
As an interesting side effect, now we can assign only the required keys from the array.
["last_name" => $lastName] = $user;
It's also possible to destructure multidimensional arrays by using lists inside list.
$users = [ ["name" => "John Doe", "age" => 29], ["name" => "Sam", "age" => 36] ]; [["name" => $name1, "age" => $age1],["name" => $name2, "age" => $age2]] = $users;
Read RFC
5. Class constant visibility
Class constants can help us to provide a meaningful name for a value used in the class. These constants were always public and could be accessed from outside the class. But sometimes we may not want to expose them to the outside world.
In PHP7.1, we can specify the visibility modifiers to class constants, just as we do it for methods and properties.
class PostValidator { protected const MAX_LENGTH = 100; public function validateTitle($title) { if(strlen($title) > self::MAX_LENGTH) { throw new \Exception("Title is too long"); } return true; } }
Here MAX_LENGHT constant is something internal to the PostValidator class and we don't want the outside world access this value.
Read RFC
6. Nullable types
This feature allows us to type hint a function, but still allow null value as parameters or returns. We can make a parameter or return value Nullable by prepending a question mark(?) to the type hint.
function sayHello(?string $name) { echo "Hello " . $name . PHP_EOL; } sayHello(null); // Hello sayHello("John"); //Hello John
Similarly, for nullable return type
class Cookie { protected $jar; public function get(string $key) : ?string { if(isset($this->jar[$key])) { return $this->jar[$key]; } return null; } }
Read RFC
7. Void functions
From PHP 7, we can specify the type of value a function should return. Sometimes we may want to specify that the function should not return any value.
class Cookie { protected $jar; public function set(string $key, $value) : void { $this->jar[$key] = $value; } }
When the return type is void, either the function should omit the return statement or can have an empty return statement. It should not return any other value.
Read RFC
8. Catching Multiple Exception Types
When handling exceptions, sometimes we may want to handle multiple exceptions in the same way. Normally we will have multiple catch blocks to handle different types of exceptions.
try{ // somthing } catch(MissingParameterException $e) { throw new \InvalidArgumentException($e->getMessage()); } catch(IllegalOptionException $e) { throw new \InvalidArgumentException($e->getMessage()); }
In PHP 7.1, we can handle multiple exceptions in single catch block
try { // something } catch (MissingParameterException | IllegalOptionException $e) { throw new \InvalidArgumentException($e->getMessage()); }
Multiple exceptions are separated using a single 'pipe' symbol. This way we can avoid duplicating same code to handle multiple exception types.
Read RFC
9. Too few arguments exception.
As of PHP 7, we can call a function with lesser arguments than what it is actually required. In which case, it will just show a warning about the argument(s) missing, but will continue the function execution. Sometimes this can cause strange or unexpected behavior of the function.
In PHP 7.1, calling a function without required parameters will trigger an Error exception, ArgumentCountError.
function sayHello($name) { echo "Hello " . $name; } sayHello(); // Fatal error: Uncaught ArgumentCountError: Too few arguments to function sayHello(), 0 passed in...
Throwing an exception will help us to handle these cases immediately and avoid any unexpected behavior. But this is a backward incompatible change and can break your existing applications. So make sure everything is fine before upgrading in production.
Read RFC
Summary
In this article, we have discussed some of the important features introduced in PHP 7.1. To know more about the new features and changes in PHP 7.1 do check out the official migration guide. Did I miss any important feature? Let me know in comments below :)
[The following is the first of a five-part essay offered by Mormon Coffee guest contributor Joshua Valentine (aka spartacus). All five parts of this series will be posted in succession, following our regular schedule of new posts appearing each Monday and Thursday.]
Why do so many Mormons become atheists? Whatever the validity of the observation, online discussions of this topic usually only revolve around the answers of not wanting to be fooled again, burnout, and that the same things that deconstruct Mormonism deconstruct all religions. All of these look outside for an answer, but what about Mormonism, itself? The very doctrines, teachings, and culture of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints not only directs its members toward atheism but actually gives them atheistic beliefs and atheistic perspectives such that, upon exiting the LDS faith, they find themselves closer to atheism on the spectrum of worldviews than to anything else.
In fact, it is Mormon doctrine that actually provides much of the content of an atheist worldview. Mormonism is the most materialistic worldview next to atheism. In Mormon doctrine, it is not the Mormon God or Gods, but Matter, itself, which is truly eternal, having existed from everlasting to everlasting. With Matter are Eternal Laws or Principles as well. These exist before and independently of the Mormon God. In fact, the Mormon God, like all Gods before him, is himself made up of this eternal matter and subject to these eternal laws or principles. Joseph Smith taught that spirit was actually matter, just a more “fine” form of it. God, according to Mormonism, had to obey these Eternal Principles in order to progress from eternal fine matter, or “intelligence,” to a god. This is in stark contrast to many religions that assume that independence from, and being the source of, all creation is definitive of what it means to be “God” or the “Ultimate.” However, in LDS cosmology, Matter and Eternal Law are the true Ultimate, not God.
Thus, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints provides its members an understanding of the universe that is nearly identical to that of naturalistic atheism, where matter and its inherent properties that are described by humans as universal physical laws are ultimately all there is. When a member realizes that the Mormon God does not exist, when this deity is removed from the materialist LDS worldview, they are left with a materialist atheist worldview already in place, provided by the LDS Church.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints teaches the Plan of Happiness. One of the main purposes of the Mormon God is to bring about the eternal life and happiness of mankind. The LDS Church teaches that traditional family is critical to this happiness. Mormons are known for holding the family in high regard. Outsiders who study the religion find it difficult not to conclude that Mormons practically deify their family by their devotion to it, and how it plays such a prominent role in the purpose of existence, and the definition of happiness, and even heaven, itself. In fact, the Mormon God is subsumed into the human family as the literal physical father of all spirits. Mormons are also known for their service to others. With the exalted doctrine of family and the principles of the greatest good being service to humans and family, the ex-member has already embraced the highest good in atheist practice – loved ones and humankind.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints also teaches that God and humans are of the same kind or species. It teaches that God used to be a regular human and that humans can become Gods. All Gods and humans started as “intelligences,” or fine spirit matter. By an unknown process, this intelligence is embodied in a spirit body provided by a previous God and Goddess' reproductive activity. The resultant “spirit child” may eventually obtain a physical body, living on a world as a human. The human may, upon dying and an unknown number of millennia in the afterlife, attain “exaltation” and become another God, and the process repeats. In this way, the LDS Church teaches that humans are the highest form of life in the universe, and that our development as individuals and the continuation of our posterity are the highest good. This is strongly analogous to the closest thing to purpose in atheism, the development and continuation of species and, the highest form of life in particular, humankind.
The primacy and essentiality of the family in the LDS conception of purpose and eternal happiness does not simply give a sense of idolatry but the “eternal round” of gods making spirit babies, who become humans, who become gods, and repeat endlessly is also a sacralizing of reproduction and genetic continuance. The LDS Church teaches that the glory of God is this eternal increase of his posterity. This increase is also only possible through the most worthy members, those who have overcome the challenges of life and flourished in the LDS gospel of laws and ordinances. One could say that Mormonism is a religion of not only individual evolution from spirit to human to god, but also a religion of the exaltation of the fittest. Upon leaving the LDS Church and relinquishing belief in its transcendent dimensions of god and afterlife, ex-members are by default evolutionary atheists whose highest good and reason for what they do is their own happiness, which in its greatest form is found in benefitting and continuing the human race.
—
How the LDS Church Prepares Its Members for Atheism (Part 1, Part 2, Part 3, Part 4, Part 5)
—
